#one last heist
[deleted]
I make sure to do the opposite of what this sub is doing. Lol. Remember kids, technical analysis is important too.
What would be a better play then? Do you think we'll just continue going up?
proudly sponsored by this forum
Dude I want it to go up lmao but I’m not going to pump something cause you guys are delusional bagholders and brought at all time highs. Love NIO road it all the way to the top and I’ll buy lower and more with all my tendies 😊 fuxking retards have a nice weekend 🤷‍♂️🤙🏼
Hahaha those were a good couple weeks! Circuit breaker halts on SPY while I was holding like 15 puts felt like a dream. I remember people on this sub were literally calling it a historical event. Felt good to be apart of it.
Calls on alcohol
[deleted]
Shii I have my last 200$ in puts for NIO expiring Friday prey for me
Better yet, puts on sqqq. You're welcome.
[removed]
Private!? Haha I'm not even in the military
Wait, we're not gay bears anymore?
payday loan , repeat
Bro what are you autists doing...Earnings are Tues bro.
Investing in a stock that gets mentioned daily on WSB is probably a bad bet
Can't be sure if we should be glad or not that he's so incompetent.
Oh I'm bag holding till the sun dies, already lost too much money with the buy-high-sell-low philosophy
Cheat code for $250000 is

L1, R1, TRIANGLE, L1, R1, CIRCLE, L1, R1
Vandelay Industries
I find myself staring at my hand somedays wondering what the fuck
F
#100%
Why not? What's your reasoning?
😂🤣
Lol naturally follow? Based on what?
Priced in
:(
Lmao and there goes the rest of your money.
Name checks out
Thanks friend, your a peach
Worst mistake of your life didn’t event cost you $3k?
It does this all the time off hours
The amount of stupid in this comment is overwhelming
You went from $141,000 to $1,050?
I don’t think that’s a good play
Yep
[removed]
Will do! I 100% agree to just take gains when they come, my new strategy is shooting for 1-3% gains per trade and it works really well. Also playing with a smaller account makes me more appreciative of the gains I make regardless if it’s only like 20-30$ a day that’s still 5-6% gain on the account as a whole.
What's consider a high short percentage?
Sold at $5, blew it all on spy puts the following month like a good autist.
Ive been rolling up calls since the dip on Tuesday. Holding 12 11/20 195C/205C debit spread. Don’t plan on holding.
Do I quip back?  What if someday, in the future, my disrespect for you gets forwarded to the sex-robot workers union and they blacklist me? Decisions, decisions...
Some of us are buying January or later calls + also have shares, bro
If a stock is crashing , buy puts, sell them later when the puts are worth more.
A non NIO post to show the sub that there are indeed stocks other than NIO
69.42
Science bitch, I’m in
Everyone takes profits.
All the rocky shit keeps happening on weekends... Might escalate into Monday?
Inverse wsb; earn money!
I smash your mom 7 days a week while your dad jerksoff in the corner of the room
what is 11-15? Your record?
It is traded whatever price investors want to pay. Nikola stock is still traded over $21.
Yeah call or put please
Watched the video. How do you get the expected move amount? I see some mathematical formula but I doubt that's how you got the $240 and $270 number.
Can’t believe nvda didn’t make it to the list
[removed]
Honestly could happen with next gen sale news
Makes sense
Wow. That should hopefully ultimately serve as a valuable lesson for those newfriends. Nevertheless, exceptionally retarded for natives knowing enlistment requirements is a thing. F MM for assisting that pump tho.
Alright boys I got 1050 in my robinhood account. Currently all time I'm down 99.26 %. Thinking it's time to actually start doing research and recoving my account a bit. I'm thinking 12/16 SPY 300 puts look good based on the charts and how the dips lined up the last 3 times. Thoughts?
[deleted]
[deleted]
420 because they love memes
their 10q has an ugly format, Ill be buying puts
Fuck you
John Chenal for Heisman
Kevin, stop trying to make **SPY puts** happen, it’s not going to happen
Retard
What would you suggest for long holds?
Reselling is cringe but its more on the retards who buy something for twice its worth for no reaosn
Never say never, you can't guarantee anything. S&P has to add Tesla at some point, I hope it's not this year. As Tesla slowly become the largest company in the world, it would be ridiculous for S&P to not include. Either they include it soon, or wait for 2 years include at $800, or wait longer then include at $4000. This stock is getting there either way.

Normal stocks don't move much when included, because S&P does something beforehand to prevent them from jumping. They can't do much to prevent Tesla move. The investors in this stock simply don't sell. There is a negative number of shares available for S&P index to pick up.

This stock has a decent chance to pass $1000 within 2 years.
Real noobs use lichess: https://lichess.org/sJO01dRG
Can you translate it for the majority of us retards
Youre retarded
I just finished masturbating. *Sigh, here we go again
[deleted]
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Weekend discussion said all DD gets stickied to help drown out the memes and NIO questions.
Nothing will close. No1 gives a fuck about cases
Rapper.  Is in bad shape.
Muh Chyna
[deleted]
11-15

[https://chess.org/play/f0291fbc-e400-436f-b4fd-663fb8ba7be5](https://chess.org/play/f0291fbc-e400-436f-b4fd-663fb8ba7be5)
Make a new account
I can’t read
Guys elon musk thinks were in a simulation
Lol if you don't think the US is authoritarian
Wow this is something special.. Congrats retard!
He was talking to one of the guys he convinced to buy about IV crush today so think hes trying to learn but hes the worst kind of car salesman just a arrogant douche who acts like he knows what hes talking about and that is fine for selling a car but im convinced hes going to cost these people money XD idk im the new guy so w.e jsut happy to sit back and see what results of this.
Sinusoidal
[NIO Financials](https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/nio/financials)
I was this close to selling my NIO calls when it hit ~53.70 and I was up over $2k; I ended up selling for like $200 in profit 😪. I still made a decent amount over the week though.
Tell us about that peak, at least you had fun
Nah dude 🥭 said its not that bad.
Look up Bridgewater Associates, their track record, and investment strategy.  I don't think they day trade brah.
[Free money for you retards to buy more FDs with](https://slickdeals.net/f/14548025-capital-one-earn-a-400-bonus-with-360-checking?src=frontpage)
[deleted]
SPY puts in March🤑
Good, cause my house closes in 18 days.
Target is the fuckin place to go if you wanna do some milf watching
I got 38,000 HK$ invested (~5,000 USD), ready to turn that shit into 100k HKD. Ticker is 241
I had some calls expire on me Friday 🤬 should have sold at 7am
69
I hate all of you so fucking much
I have like 30 positions, it’s a lot to remember!!
she seems more like a cursive gal
No growth plan? Aetna, CVS Healthubs with on-site care and patient advocacy, currently in a handful of states with plans for 1500 plus locations, CVS PBM, Target based pharmacies. I work for one of their competitors on the insurance side and we are terrified of them. They are a data and analytics machine. If you don’t think they have a growth plan, you’re nuts.
#goals
Those types. You're better off than not being invited
Civil war is bullish

SPY 420 EOY
Yes. And then inverse the result for the best outcome
username checks out
IBUY calls for this week?
Take out a loan and buy Nio calls
So diamond hands my December 2 spy puts I’m down on ?
Me seeing some celebrity in the hospital isn’t gonna do it for me
Jan $350 Calls here. If it's gonna recover, it better do it fast. Theta is gonna come for my ass soon
And regardless of all those clear benefits, unchecked capitalism is still leading this planet into a 6th mass extinction and will eventually topple our food and water supply.
I took the D and dump it on the spike.
Who?
Check nanogames they give you some BS coins to play around with

Don’t if you might have a problem tho
[deleted]
You on the wrong sub homie
[deleted]
>-$36.90 (-6.49%) Past Month
If someone has 100,000 bucks they definitely know that 'k' means thousand and 100,000k would mean 100,000,000. 

&#x200B;

This guy is just a wannabe chode
I don't think as bad as march though but I expect some selling soon.
Crawford vs brook. Who’s watching and who you got?
Majority shares cause' it's hard to know when they'll fly if there are more delays, but a few calls too. 23 call for 11/20 and 24.5 call for 11/27 but if there's another delay there's a high chance they'll be worthless. Looking to buy some January calls if there's a delay and we have a 30% dip to 18- range.
>parently just retards that don't know how a fucking TSP works.

This is wsb /unjerk/ we are not here to offer you advice on this stuff, and to tell u the truth the fact that you are asking this question tells people that you don't know about investing or finance law (which is fine). But for this you should go to r/investing or something. Or go someone who has a econ or finance degree that you know in real life.  Everyone else in the military (who doesn't have the degrees i mentioned) doesn't know shit about finance, including the people that work in finance. 

&#x200B;

Find a different subreddit
They aren’t actually licensed to make vehicles. They work with a Chinese manufacturing partner. Nio is more of a car designer and brand than it is a car manufacturer.
F
I actually closed that out last week at 80% profit. It's back on my list for this week actually. I like the price level it's at again.
Seems like stashing a few SPY 500 LEAPS is just responsible investing in case things do go off the rails
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yikes
Tbf that insane growth is entirely dependent on 100% autonomous vehicles finally becoming a reality, and well... definitely not soon. Look, AV's are great on the freeway, but there's still huge problems with residential areas, and they have to be fine tuned to all of those areas individually. People expect that the only way to truly get them working all the time with less accidents is to wire every traffic light and stop sign to the cars, and that's not an infrastructure project anyone's considered. The cameras are not perfect and there's no way the cars would just know where every sign is and how to respond to it without a programmer telling it where those are. AV's are years behind schedule by every designer, google, uber, the whole shebang, because no one's really figured out how to get them to work right. Besides, the liability is huge and there's no government standard for safety or how good they have to be at driving. A huge amount of the population still says they'll never ride an AV.
Was down just under $16 at the bottom and then rallied into power hour.
Idk what that means
Unrealized means it’s not real... un... real... not real. Yup, that’s exactly what it means.
Fuck bro you’re down bad
Buy CEI I promise it'll skyrocket
This is my sell signal
How are pre covid market prices a market that had priced in a bigger 2nd wave, more lockdowns?
We gotchu brah.
Same bought at 4 sold at 6 and I thought it was high then lol took my 50% and moved on since I was like an inch from that lukin sec freeze havent held a chinese company long since think I was one of the few people who made money on luckin though but seriously was way too close for comfort XD
il retárdo

Congratzulonis and shit
People that forget belong here tho
Puts on the cougs in second half
Just take the green pill. It's not hard!
Solo volume was crazy. Easily opening at $8
not rip. i bought on wednesday, sold thurs for 300% profit, then bought thurs at close and sold friday morn for 300% profit . i get anxiety holding it for more than a day
Exactly. A fever like the late 90s here but fed driven. Really everything since 08 has been fed driven, it’s just exponential now
I just broke 100k too but all I do is options! 

This is the way 😎
Diagonal
nice try put holder
Yup. Once people realize 6 months is a fucking long time and extended lockdowns again will break a lot of business and people the market is gonna crater.
Who’s going to lockdown, it’s going to be early closure of things
Super interesting.
Thats too low mate, were aiming at 40
It would probably be something like shutting down the federal government and services. Then states would naturally follow. 

Not quite martial law but close.
What strikes
Is that before or after the dividends?
Damn. COVID really fucked up jeremih. That’s sad

Hopefully people take it more serious after this situation
Go Bucks!
>-$6.39 (-1.19%)
PTON will return to its former glory... *please*
Getting me horny. I have puts
You sonova bitch...damn it I’m in!
Somebody is worried 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Priced in
Well they won’t need to find me you know what I mean. I don’t have any enemies in China
Me too. You get back in? I did.
Oh yeah SELL
Thanks man. I sold 1000 at $53 cuz it was getting crazy, actually got too lucky with it... Right after it dumped. Bought back 500 before close. Next week is gonna be wild
I mean would that be through like martial law or some shit? I really don’t see how he can EO his way into a national lockdown
I’m on puts I feel this, buddy of mine went to the gym and was cutting peoples hair with the rona a few days symptomatic before he got tested people are dumb gonna get bad
I mean I did just buy GME calls yesterday
Looking at a GME run into earnings.
I wipe my ass with logic.
The only thing that will keep this face ripping rally sustained is another shutdown. Nothing else will give the fed the excuse to expand asset purchases unchecked. VIX going sub 20 and SPY 400 EOY.
[removed]
Stocks go ____
i think you need more screenshots in 1 screenshot
Fair enough
420
They don’t have a shortage of them, the problem is resellers with bots scalping all of them, which they’re taking measures to now prevent that so normal customers can get their hands on them. Either way sales are going to be through the roof I suppose.
Calls on Wisconsin haha
10-15

[https://chess.org/play/568b3d6d-22f8-4933-8ee6-8c2f58a8f7cf](https://chess.org/play/568b3d6d-22f8-4933-8ee6-8c2f58a8f7cf)
Its a movie
Pretty much anarchy chess, no? (Though the jokes are painfully overused there very quickly)
Good point. I have started to straddle a little bit. Definitely worth trying to ride the market rather than be too convicted on what I think will happen. I’m not into too much tech rn so I’m not too worried about my positions but have needed to get some leaps in so I’ll probably go that route. Seems like a solid plan for sure.
What kinda retarded move did you make for that short spike up?
I don’t know enough about that stuff. Can’t risk it just yet.
It’s probably alright. Positive EPS, beats on revenue, tanks 47% after earnings. 50c though man you better be long dating that shit because it’s $7 right now.

Performance has been garbage by the way and it’s low liquidity. For options you need decent liquidity. 

But yea I wouldn’t touch it personally. If you do please post loss porn thx.
Their Dividend and growth story are both solid. Their pipeline is expanding and their eps grew 10% this year. Normally you're right but abbive is the exception

Also their debt/equity is a mess right now because they just closed their allergen purchase. Check back in a year and it'll be a lot closer to rightsizing.
It’s not Nikola
It feels about as weird as buying other things made in China.

So, you know... everything
Darn, guess I’ll have to put two orders in next time I decide to throw some change around
Not really. Tesla tried battery swap stations half a decade ago until they realized its a dumb idea except for commercial use vehicles. The biggest issue for Nio is they’ve promised their customers the benefit to “renting” batteries is they can continually upgrade batteries as new tech becomes available. This means Nio is on the hook for these costs and will regularly have to upgrade ALL their batteries. With swap stations, they’ll have to buy twice as many batteries since they’ll have to keep the swap stations stocked as well. At current prices, it sounds good to investors (which is why they’re doing it, to create hype) but doesn’t make financial sense for the company. They’ll be losing an unbelievable amount of money on the program.
No, bitch.
BREAKING: Space X astronauts diverted to nearby asteroid belt to search for potential Alien vaccine rumored to be in the area according to Musk's fever dreams.
PUTS on Michigan football. We suck!
He still thinks and acts in his best interest
⬆️📈
Get this noobie ass question out of here and give me 20 you dirty private.
Or maybe your crayons don’t mean anything? This is almost guaranteed to run up. It’s gonna feel good to be right, and rich. Let’s see who’s salty by Tuesday close
What’s realistic nio number we looking eow
Check out MindMed
What is this garbage.
Anybody holding SE calls thru earnings? I've got about 5 SE 11/27 195c.
Model S superior than BMW/Mercedes in comfort and ride? Are you high sir? Technology sure but you’re delusional if you think a Model S is a better ride than any BMW/Mercedes priced over 70,000 USD.
This is not the dumping ground for business related news.
Biggest mistake of your life is 2k? That’s few seconds of TSLA swings back in the day
DFEN
Carbonite
Seen it go good. Seen it go bad.
Also, sell first
I know man you think I didn’t try? I did what I could. Can’t get political in this sub but democracy as you know it is probably on life support. America going to lose a financial battle among other things. I am just one guy and I can’t really do more... wish I could believe me
Wait they produce real cars that are driving? I'm out
Look at energy, it outperformed every other sector from the March crash low to its June peak even through actual lockdowns and cases skyrocketing. Only sector to double in 3 months. And look at what happened to like PSX and VLO on Monday and how far left it has to go to that June peak. Which even then wasn’t even close to it’s pre-covid levels. Certain sectors definitely will get propelled with more vaccine news
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta
Yes sir
I did once. They didn't like it.
Nope, it was perfectly clear.  Are you suggesting that a $19-$20 rise in the stock price won't boost the value of EVERY mid-term dated call? For every newb option player, you should select your favorite stock and then check out the weekly, midterm (3 mos is fine) and LEAP options chain. Study it. Then repeat weekly.  Maybe even take some notes!  If you have a 'math aptitude', it will help you see pricing patterns.  For the OP, this was a stud purchase, and he's going to do very well.
Why is everyone saying queens gambit, is it because my opening?
Being flexible can be described as not dealing I'm absolutes. And you know what they say about dealing in absolutes
What are we doing about SOLO?
Join them for some dinner.
Capitalism allows for new innovation that will end up saving our sorry asses and this planet. There are actually price incentives and healthy competition to become the company that cures cancer or aids or gets us to Mars and furthers colonizing other planets or to help solve climate change.
What pharma gives the best exposure to antidepressant drug sales? Because that shit is going to the 🌙 and the ✨.
I will from new island were i drive lambos in a crash up derby enjoy
I started with ~5k but would gradually add $ every month or so. The timeline of my account is like the past 2 years or so.
[deleted]
I got a bunch of 300c Jan 21 on Friday. Good luck.
[deleted]
I'm 23 though my scars were real
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1327828007311073280?s=19

Calls on Civil War 👀
I dont see how the market doesnt crash this month.

People are out and about as if everything is normal, cases will continue to grow exponentially leading to a new wave of shutdowns.

Remember in March we saw a wave of school closures and curfews before the mass shutdowns.

We're already seeing school closures and curfews, now we bears just wait for the shutdown and it's easy moneys.

Inb4 "but a vaccine is ready"

Vaccine wont be widely available until maybe Q2 2021
Legally speaking he has the authority to do so. Politically no chance.
God speed amigo!
That sucks
Sell before ER. Don’t know if it’s gonna hit 53 but 49-50 is very likely. IV crush is gonna be massive if you hold through. There’s always that chance of a 10 bagger though
So ready to hear everyone in Monday’s thread tell me to buy the TSLA
dip. Even more excited to see the money I lose by not following their advice.
Bro you like 2 days behind on that news
I hope not I need RTX above 70 next week.
If you ain’t putting ur money in metals rn then I almost feel bad for you. Almost.
Next week going to be interesting af  depending on what dick swing the market decides to take....god damn
The honor is ours.
1 at first then I went on more margin and got 3
More kek
You’re missing PLUG, the one stock that people don’t give a shit about on here. They do hydrogen fuel cell. It’s like NKLA, only real.
they have quite a lot of Indians I think
So it’s 1986 Japan? Because Nikkei calls would have printed like fucking crazy then
you just unga your last bunga
Effen wsb has been filled with just memes and confirmation biased posts recently... No one's posing any good dd/ta which sucks, but I do still enjoy the laughs lol
Lmao 😭
Ban
what the absolute dog fuck shit is this, this right here is how you have an early heart attack.
[deleted]
"oh thats why"

Is what 98% of WSB fags have to say when their stonk goes up or down too.
Probably because China Numbah Wan.
Ik I’ll prob get fucked 😢😢
Lol I don’t blame you but make sure to dig a little deeper into why something moves like that. Like it may go up more, but it is not classified as a good investment
I think we are in for one more flu dip and off to the races when it comes to the industirals/ commercial reit sector. Forget  about zoom folks....but damn right i think NVDA FB & GOOG will still moon lol
Reminds me of those twitter posts from that basketball player (can't remember who). The first one was before the George Floyd protests where he says "fuck yeah burn that shit down", then apparently the protests were getting close to his gated community and he posted "someone stop these guys!"
Check account.
Seems like a lot of work. Rather post it in daily
You belong here for sure lol
OH SHIT ELON HAS COVID TESLA IS A VACCINE COMPANY NOW
Where did you get 20k to start?
These guys on SEC Channel talking about Kentucky coaches and players being upset that a coach died as if it needs justification.

"Hey you've been there when part of your football family passes away, how does that feel?"  

"Yeah let me tell you it just feels terrible."
Please try. The more shorts to squeeze, the better
The group should be called "The Autists' Gambit"
Hell yeah! How many?
Wouldn’t happen long under Biden either, states would sue him so quick.
Remember when Italy was down -20% in one day
I laughed uncontrollably at this then cried a little
Be gone bot
True
[deleted]
Real question: Did Cisco and Disney earnings fuel your optimism?
I mean if you’re expecting a lot of volatility going into EOY you can always just straddle the stocks that you think will swing the most. Buy long dated calls and then short dated puts when you think a pullback is coming. I’m in some PFE and PLTR December/May calls, but mostly long dated SLV, and ICLN calls. However, when I’m getting burned I just scalp SQQQ calls or VXX puts. Saved my account a few times.
Things I was not expecting for 1000.
No more full lockdowns. Every person for themselves.
We’ll pump anyways
Lemme know how those puts work out for you
Hey fugetz I'm drunk and just want to know if my ZM calls are printing next week. Trying to trade my 328i in for a boxster lol
Can we get one more dip first pls
I actually think it’s more stressful sitting overnight or over the weekend with positions that can be screwed up based on the news. I like to be able to mitigate risk actively and not hope trump doesn’t tweet something that blows up my spot. 

Typically I trade something that I believe in mid term so if I do end up having to hold something at least it isn’t junk or above my risk tolerance. I’m no genius at this that’s for sure, it’s just a fun distraction mostly. I’ve made a good bit since last March so even if I take a hard hit somewhere it’s not the end of the world for me, it’s just a play account with 100k in it, and I’m not playing options or messing too much with volatile stock so there’s not significant risk of exploding it.
We can barely afford the premiums, why the fuck would we waste our margin on exercising them? I mean, I might, but only for a certain mattress company that shall not be named.
Robinhood will only let you invest $1,000,000 in one purchase but will let you buy 99999999999999999999999999999 shares in one purchase. Anyone else notice this?
Tis but a scratch
ASX: 4DS 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
open RH and stare at your positions, the endless "it could have" scenarios will make u feel better
Monday is always green
Elephants
I got you both beat at 21... climbing back up tho!
Love to see it brother keep it up!
I’m so tired of hearing the doom and gloom lockdown shit as if it’s not priced in. The only thing that can bring down this market is a national lockdown which won’t happen under trump so you bought puts based off of some weird far fetched theory that we all go into lockdowns starting Monday? Lmao bears are so desperate it’s embarrassing
Literally the worst thing you could possibly do with COVID patients, pretty impressive
mods here wouldn't do it, but the automods suspended me for saying something retarded and I don't want to get banned again
60 soon then 48 next week
Bro. Rona is gonna fuck shit up for you. Have faith. Maybe sell as soon as it dips some. Good luck.
Have you tried being someone people want to be around?
MRNA announcement should be ready
One hour later still in shambles
This guy fucks
What do they have
Yeah that’s true. I should probably get some positions ready for that then but also don’t think vaccine news will propel us much higher until other things get under control.
[deleted]
It would be a few more years for a Japan scenario to take a real effect
Pro tip: when you’ve reached max gains/euphoria DELETE RH and come back the next day.
What is AC?
Washington governor expected to prohibit all indoor gatherings. Is this where they set up the two way screen with "big brother"? Calls on government surveillance devices and nightsticks.
5x 270 C 11/20. Im confident it'll hit it.
What they don't know is those 80 shares were bought at 3500
KCAC market cap is just $520 million ? The company they acquired can be a game  changer in battery . Any one has thoughts on this ? Any other interesting SPACs you are looking at?
Don’t think India has oil like other countries
Didn't hear no fucking bell ring. Lost all my money was left with $20. Turned that around and now I have $300 after a week. Keep going. And always pull out when the money seems too good.
It’s gonna go up bitch
I'll admit I'm pretty much like that. I have few ambitions other than to make a little money and not work much, enjoy life. Luckily I have a job that allows me to do just that (WFH since way before the pandemic).
I was high most of the time
Pretty sure he muttered something about "NIO 100 11/20" before starting his chorus again
I called someone retarded and then they called me an asshole I was actually offended. Retarded is a term of endearment around here and he came off all crazy
Guys is there something wrong with RH app and website because it takes forever to load when trying to view the different expiring options!!! 😠
Can’t wait till the earnings report when they go “yeah, we’ve shipped a couple thousand cars”
Yup
Hearing my downstairs neighbor talking and laughing with his dinner guests while I'm up here all by myself makes me feel so lonely :-(
I appreciate the advice! I actually haven’t traded in this account for about about a month. I took some time to learn about a few indicators and opened an account on Webull and I’m 17/17 on my trades over there and I’m only using about $500. Honestly losing 20k hurts, but it helped me learn a lot about myself and I’m starting the journey of crawling out of this loss. I’ll post an update in a few months.
Hopefully cuz I yolo my check for this tendies
They are serious lol. 

Just buy a bunch of sdow, short sqqq
What?
tanker gang lets go
Who’s the blonde chick walking through the grocery store in the Kim Crawford wine commercial?
Nope Tech is still doing WFH and minimizing their business travel due to profit shown and tech workers enjoy it more. Schools are still using ZM long term for to hit a wider audience,

&#x200B;

More pandemics are coming more often as Bill Gates's company predictes.
Nah, vaccine out. There’s a light at the end of this tunnel. Only issue if there’s an actual shutdown, but I doubt politicians would push for this besides shutting down restaurants and gyms, which don’t really represent the stock market.
Biggest mistake of your life... so far
I mean ZERO disrespect but damn man why are Indians so cheap? Aren't you guys oil inheritance millionaires? Why y'all always asking for coupons or haggling for discounts?
DM me after you’re done. We should create a wsb chess group lol
I have this really simple strategy... basically I just buy when it’s cheap and then sell it when it’s not cheap
This will be shorted to death this week earning wont save it
I am in it, damn it.
Oil. Definitely oil.
Sounds like you got halfway there
imagine selling at 45 and not 4 500😳 I wouldn't be able to sleep if I were u🤔
I believe the 80+ PT upper wick on the weekly candle of ES, an ath close and a need for a retrace/lower wick into the prior weeks massive green candle will trigger a steep selloff on Monday/early next week > guess we'll see here shortly
[deleted]
You’re retarded
Feel like there will be a lot of selling pressure on Nio next week
Wtf premarket is there on a Saturday
Selling PLTR to buy NIO is very WSB of you. 


Also it’s probably the dumbest fucking thing I’ve ever heard.


But hey make sure to post the loss porn when you do that, for us.
[deleted]
Bullish
Rip
Ban ya dummy
Puts on all boomer stocks calls on Chadsdaq
Mst is fake news.
For every stupid post, there are multiple 🌈🐻s in the comments. Comment skew more negative than post titles.
Earnings call
Agreed, got shares for like 3050 on thursday
Microsoft tanked when their earnings came out so it's not wrong either to think the same for this, but very well put good work lad.
BABA has been undervalued every day since its IPO. I was a BABA bull for years but I sold out earlier this year, and the reason why is the same reason why BABA is undervalued: it’s because China sucks. Their government is way too controlling, it’s all bad news. If BABA was a US company it would be well over $1T mkt cap.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd
Need a miracle vaccine NOW
Be careful of 5%+ dividends. It often denotes an end to any meaningful growth and they become highly leveraged because the equity leaves the company via distributions, which makes their RoA look better than buybackers or less leveraged companies. Their last 10-Q shows about 150 billion in assets and 15 billion in equity. That's a lot of leverage! There are safer growers who didn't take on massive debt to afford their div habit. $T is an example of one who got too leveraged because they gave away all their returns to holders.
>I am still holding.

Dude she's here already, I guarantee it.
There's a lot of manual trannies in thailand.
Literally billions of people brought out of poverty by capitalism and these fuckers wake up on their 8000 count sheet tempera-pedic bed and log on to their new macbook to post a comment on a privately owned mass social media site that "capitalism is bad because there's still poor people".
I have plenty of money, yet here i am, replying to you on the weekend. You’re home, make the most of it
CCP will find you... they’ll always find you.
I have 365C 11/18 ,I’m betting on moderna coming out with results on Monday pre market ,you should be fine with 360
so true
...moloney who got rolled by inoue? Did I miss something?
28 by Friday 📌
Delete the app
I mean that's nyc even before corona.
🎶 You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave 🎵
I don’t think there’s going to be news Monday either but we’ll hear about the Pfizer safety data next week and Fauci said it’s likely we’ll hear Moderna vaccine news by Wednesday

Moderna also has a rolling review stuff in Sweden too but I have no idea how that works and if they release data

Astrazenica is looking like December for results?

Some of these sectors are so beaten down that even just the anticipation is enough
*Hong Kong protests enters the chat* ...CCP whips up covid to quell HK protests...
Some guy keeps playing me who’s rated higher
Tell me your positions so we can both lose
There was a small rotation into value (DOW/S&P/Russel) this week but I think these folks got too far ahead of themselves. When the virus started spiking up again everything started pilling into the Nasdaq. Tech is the only thing keeping society from fully collapsing during a second wave. You're going to see a huge spike in tech stocks this week. Everyone is going to want to get in early.
Vaccines are coming, ZM is going to where it started.
His wife think she's entitled to what he makes from his play money. Of course she's pissed.
Commodities future contracts can actually end up as deliverables?

That’s why that angry trucker stopped by my house a couple weeks ago with 50 pounds of corn 🌽. I just didn’t answer the door 🤷‍♂️
Right, I’m expecting lots of volatility as well. I by no means know how things will move through the EOY so I’m making sure I don’t get to set in one way of thinking and just try to ride it out I guess
16k
It was so dumb he put covid patients in nursing homes tbh.
10-14
You're here. So yes. If not now, later.
10-14

[https://chess.org/play/f20c6010-5da4-41ef-ab85-f215f4003fd1](https://chess.org/play/f20c6010-5da4-41ef-ab85-f215f4003fd1)
He's been around since $DRYS and shipping stocks days. Veteran.
BAN
How far ya down?
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stickied sticky stickying stick
I figured lol all good I’ve learned a lot from this experience
If lockdown talks gets serious real fast what puts should we buy first?
[deleted]
Had leaps on nio when it was $2 sold them it was still at $2 :)
Well, its a good chance you'll make back all that money that way. Lol.
How the fuck do I cancel?
DKNG is sooo 6 weeks ago bro
*Fan Bingbing enters chat* ...if they can shut down poppa Ma’s IPO and kidnap one of their own biggest celebrities (who even starred in Marvel movies)... what’s next? They Khashoggi someone lol
Welp MS just bought like 3% of float... we’ll be ok
And go again every time their app crashes
Guy out here in brooklyn screaming "CUOMO KILLED GRANDMA" repeatedly on an empty street filled with bars past 10PM curfew is a covid mood.
Cause I want in
SpaceX launch tomorroww!!!
But everyone says to do the inverse of what everyone says, which would mean I shouldn’t do the inverse of what everyone says
You will be Loaded up on cock meat sandwiches ....joto
Not late to cancel it, if you feel unsecure about it.
Yea I’m extremely bullish. Hopefully this isn’t the trade to blow up my account 😂Good luck to you brother
I just want to make my money and quit this. This sucks mahn
Any time one moves the others move with it. Keep that shit in mind. The CCP are controlling these guys and want big things.
Did u hold ACB for that cherry pop last week?
>ust too old to be talking to kids in chat roo

chris hansen would be proud of you.
You’re right my b
This deserves gold. If not, a shit emoji
[deleted]
F
Same here lol
Right? It's super cartoonish. It gets a little better when you get used to it, but the whole charging on attacks while the enemy fucks you up, then you press the block button and your dumbass character does jack shit.
This place celebrates degenerate gambling but you can definitely be successful long term day trading, swing trading, and trading options
I’m 20 but I’ve had a job since 15 so most of the losses were from my savings... but I got some unemployment from the past 6 months which saved my ass a little😅
It is a wild world in stocks the bigger your bank roll.
She is what we wish to be
Should’ve sold high
Wish you saw the tankers
WAS at 5...till my paper hands friend convinced me to get out of it when the shares went up to $7...  
My new basis is $13. 640 shares. Gonna hold. EV hype for a while.  
NIO TO THE MOON.
Still learning how to trade options. Considering this play, will it be safe to buy $BABA 260c 02/10/21?  Its pricy @ 25 but maybe less risky overall
I will be messaging you in 3 days on [**2020-11-18 21:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-18%2021:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jufsmk/hey_retarded_retards_put_some_respek_on_nvda/gcc8khd/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjufsmk%2Fhey_retarded_retards_put_some_respek_on_nvda%2Fgcc8khd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-18%2021%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jufsmk)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
So what happens on Monday?
No one knows
Antifa scum!!
Just focus on the grind man, I miss the structure to some degree.
RemindMe! Wednesday 9pm
sometime before eoy
Boomers write disclaimers
Yeah, probably by EOM of though. And I think you’re right that we’re flat until then, but it’s worth considering that 25% of the market is retail now, so I also kind of expect a lot of volatility in response to any and all news. Hell the election wasn’t priced in even though everyone was saying it was.
[deleted]
[deleted]
There’s still time to apply for Trudeau $$ bucko. Dw
Yis
They sell out of RTX because they barely produced any.
Right. Can't go tits up.....
I’m fucking in, daddy wants a 3080, Valhalla looks like shit on my poopy GPU
Ya about 45k peak back in March off of SPY puts
This is one of the most wholesome subs on Reddit tbh.
Stop working for the algo nerds on wallstreet
Holding too.  Got in under $2. To the moon with this one
You only get banned for political bullshit not directly related to stuff that market movements (like god libs are so x or fuckin trumptards are so x) and the site wide automod is looking for the gay word slur 

That being said, ban
Glitch
[deleted]
You have til the end of the day Monday for it to move $2. What do you think?
Yo dont mean to be hard on you but I had a similar experience probably not with 20k but with ~$4k I didnt give up and got my money back and now some. Take some time off and learn about the markets and human psychology also play with paper and low capital.
Someone out there still got a pool of oil 🥴
Weak lol
How can you have a losing record playing random retards
Surprised it took this long for this comment to pop up hahaha
Thank you.
Lmao
Could be fucked, could be fucking.
[deleted]
Means we’ve lost our edge tbh
I have 4500 shares.  Up a fuck load.  Prolly going to load up on calls Monday
I get what you mean but I’m actually using indicators and have a strategy now. I’ve learned my lesson about guessing movements and it didn’t help that RH is not a very good broker. In my Webull account I’ve made 17/17 successful trades and the account is up 24% in 2 weeks. I get that its early but I’m trying to stay hopeful.
They will hit guaranteed but over time
what was the peak tho? looks like 40k if you started with 20
In, I am.



... Damn it
I'm more concerned about how soon the sun will be exploding than I am futures on Saturday night. Thanks for the DD.
Not the first and won't be the last. Plenty of fraud in chinese stocks to go around.

You can see mad cucks buying shit at the top all of the time.
It won’t dump hard
Damn them they're in
Name checks out
Is there a scenario where this ends well, or is this 1989 Japan?
NIU is easiest money I've ever seen
Just saw that haha
F
So don’t trade at all
No income tax in Saudi arabia I think
He could roll them to the next week
People say both things though. Should I flip a coin to see which one to inverse?
that was a historical moment, I'm gonna miss 2020 like a crack addict craves his fix
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Saying the word sticky or stickied triggers it
I can’t keep up but do DMT
Yes, but even America deserves to be serenaded by the word’s smallest violin. Sad to see “democracy” outmatched by authoritarianism.
Until you go to the nether for something and a ghast blasts your ass into the lava
I was wondering about the soft diamond plating on the near side as a landing spot
Jack Ma is in the CCP doghouse. You may be theta-cucked as he tries to get back into the good graces of the government, which could take years.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Moloney got robbed dude I’m livid. Boxing is dead for a reason. Fuck Romero
Thanks for your advice. I’ll take that in to consideration, and hey, ya can’t blame me for being attracted to that beautiful dip after a decent earnings.
Dumb
Wtf do you do? Are you the king of Tuvalu or something?
You’re truly a fucking idiot
Look at macro trends, EV is clearly the future and the Chinese market for such is going to be huge
Are earnings before market or after market on Tuesday, I’ve seen both
Why is auto mod trolling us?
[deleted]
Not a bad plan, selling calls in the event of a dip is definitely a good idea, sounds like you’re trying to get deeper into PLTR than I am, so go for it.
Damn the folks over at r/investing saying we’re actually a wholesome group once you get to know us. Proud of you retards.
NVDA market cap $330 billion, PE of 100.  Not even Netflix has that retarded of a PE anymore.  Intel has a PE of 9.  And AMD's new video cards are surprisingly good and may have caught NVDA with their pants down.  NVDA is a mature stock now.  It is a great stock and should keep growing but if it grows a reasonable 15% a year for the next 5 years that's a $660 billion dollar company in 2025.  And it would have to grow earnings 50% a year every single year to have a reasonable PE in 2025.  Also, you understand "price targets" aren't for right fucking now, right?  They're the target price they hope the stock to be at in 12 months!
That’s not fucking true when every one  of his picks at the prices he recommended and his returns are abysmal. You can’t use your own anecdotal evidence retard.
I'm home bro lolll
They're both already way up - is there more to go?
Yeah definitely, I just think people that are expecting that Monday or Tuesday are getting ahead of themselves.
Balls deep shits going to 28 very soon
Well said
Sea Limited reports same day before opening. I'll be checking those 2 out!
Lol i was joking. Sorry that happened tho
Yes, thus need to watch couple follow thru candles if it/when it it's $380 I wouldn't go in the day it hits $380 unless spx/ndx hit strong support levels on the same day
Why Cvac?
Didn’t realize that would happen. I’m gonna go ahead and change it from DD to shitpost, as is tradition
But at least you didn't buy at 40+.
It would have been a wild ride as they nearly went under a time or two.

Stocks isn't just watching the gains. It can be painful lessons and shaky paper hands.
Yeah this play isn’t about long term growth of pot stocks at all
Shit coin crash games are literally the same feeling
My only counterpoint to that is admittedly my personal fear of even touching a stock where I’ve heard it mentioned at work, as far as government contractors go.

No mention in the workplace, no potential of the appearance of impropriety, no six figure lawsuit defense.

Buuut to your story about govt customers not knowing what they want; so goddamn true. Oh, you think our traceability is bad because we used Access to track a few hundred hand tools, and then require we make a database, while suggesting we just use a “real database like Sharepoint”? Well excuse me while I walk through the window and kiss pavement.
Pre market is fucking drilling. GG bulls
Reported
Already made my money in the run-up to $42 good luck to you though.
*Previously on LOST*
Gamble*
Stool softeners mostly.
Sorry your usd purchases let you down a little. At least you knew what you were in for when you went all in Canadian

Edit: how tf did you start with so much. Even with free college. Apologies if this is recent inheritance
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All DDs are stickied until a new DD comes in retard it’s not a fuckin conspiracy
Go home you're drunk
CCP may want to ride on this and start funding them or like helping them build out their battery swap network. CCP wants China to become an investment mecca. This may be a good start for them!
That was back in March. I was strapped with SPY puts and the account was at like 45k I absolutely should have but making like 35k in a week is such a high you just keep chasing it... this shit really is addicting
Yeah just seems like all talk to me just like all the stimulus talks. Obviously vaccines are coming but it seems like people are expecting another boom Monday with vaccine news which there may not even be an update Monday.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
At first I was a fan of the sticky at first, after seeing it in action I have mixed feelings.
🙏 thank you
That’s why you straddle your shit
That is such a reasonable approach that I had to check which subreddit I was in again
Gap down starting at 4 MST tomorrow
Prepared to hold for several years? Sure go for it.

Looking for a quickie? Stupid.
Just saying, the only time I invested wsb, I won. Just sayin
Jokes aside this is pretty legit haha
You're simplifying. Your assumptions are based on activity in one day. Legging can happen overtime. This can be completing a bear call spread or ratio. Again, you don't know for a fact or even with high probability
Or China can steal! IP espionage who??
[removed]
That’s in the past now
Is that your heart rate before and after rubbing one out. That moment of self loath after shooting?
Of all the stories that got buried by Covid, one of my favorites was the carnage that happened when oil prices went negative.  The WSB tanker gang fiasco was just a tiny side show of the whole mess. People were actually shopping for train cars to avoid contract violations. Pajama traders were running from delivery calls for thousands of barrells of oil. Wall street douches were googling "how many barrels in a swimming pool." The whole thing was a show all by itself.


But now it's just a forgotten subplot in the 2020 madness.
Yessir!
What is your job that makes 20k chump change?
Yeah man best get that therapist
NIO manufactures their cars at JAC, a CCP-owned factory. Investing in NIO is directly investing in the oppression of billions, especially the Weger people.
Maybe some short dated puts would pay off. But I fully expect this stock to be at $20 EOY and that’s conservative. But that’s just my opinion
I'm right there with you http://imgur.com/gallery/6qR1Omr
You'll be feeling dumb for NOT buying calls.
Put this guy on CNBC.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Not if you have ZM calls
I'm all in on SBE (stocks)
I'm assuming more yellow is better and purple is worse is that correct
PLTR, FREE MONEY
But it’s just going to keep going up so having more money invested = more gainz
[deleted]
Hey, don't knock those random people on the internet. Twitter is my go-to research platform. Some 'random' person on the net told me buying Nio at $2 was a steal if I was willing to hold on for possibly a bumpy ride. Turned out they were right!
Shut the fuck up
Friday press conference they were talking about vaccinating 20M people in December alone. Doubt we’ll get that but that’s what the market is going on. And luckily we’ll have multiple vaccines next year
😴😴😴 It's never too late.
MJ. Etf best play for pot stocks 2023 calls
[deleted]
Yea this is true. I was thinking of going high delta just so I can outpace any calls I sell and roll them when needed. But I’m playing around on options calc right now and it looks like some higher strikes would probably do just fine. Maybe I’ll move it up to $10c or $15c
How did you measure sentiment? I’m a bit surprised NIO isn’t flaming yellow given all the meme and stupid posts I see
That is how you get it tax free. Think Bin Laden was paying taxes?
yes
Username checks out
Mine has served me well for about a year
*he knows too much*
Of course, but anything that gives a clearer timeline on when everyone will be vaccinated is going to shake things up, especially options.
heheh pltr I'm having doubts, maybe I aimed too high on calls
[deleted]
If I had stayed long on Luckin Coffee, I'd be up over 150% right now, but I came in at around the 2$ mark.

I still regret selling LK for a loss.
Sweet tendies
[removed]
Lumber prices have tripled this year with no end of demand in sight. Not sure if Lowes/HD are the ones earning the extra though, as I think it's the suppliers who are charging more.
The fact that you say "win it all back", says so much. Its not a slot machine pal, it's the financial markets. Leaving to a different brokerage to dis-associate stupid decisions isn't going to change anything.
I wouldn’t touch this stock with a 10 foot pool. You guys wonder how you lose money? This. This right here. That’s why I put all my money on SOLO.
Whenever i think of jack ma i think of simple jack from Tropic Thunder
sir this is wsb
MSFT is the bluest of blue chips, they’ll be fine
the way you wrote it was unclear.
Floor is 40 Friday. Next floor is 45. Wednesday 55+  Friday 60+
every company in China is required to provide a workers union. not that it means anything really, it’s just a relic of their socialist legacy. same as how every company headquarters has a CCP representative to guide the company in the interests of the CCP. Interesting stuff.
That little 🚬is a millionaire!
I'm pretty fuqed up but puts puts puts my man. only Cramer would telll you to buy that  dip borhta. Travel and commercial  reitz ftw next week
[removed]
The isolation is definitely ravaging my mental health this year, BUT in February when it became apparent thst this whole year is a mulligan anyway I decided to spend it getting in shape and paying off my debt, and not be a victim. The divide behind the tryers and the victims is widening.
$350 11/16 and 11/18 

Also picked up some UVXY and VIX action
I’d say it’s good if you’re casually going to use it on some games and do everything else smoothly. But dedicated gaming laptops I have to give to razer. Asus Zephyrus as well.
If us = puts then yes
Crawford bouta bring the smoke
Oh I’m hyped. But the lack of BP in my account, on the other hand, is not.

Edit: right now, I couldn’t even afford a NVDA 12/24 $980c
I went cash gang on Thursday. Everyone is too damn greedy. I’m 60% people will feel 380 is the bottom for Tesla and 40% that it’s 330 from Sept. it’s long term bullish for sure just gotta get the timing right on it.
Why would mods banning you for stating facts?
We want free stuff retard. Fed can just print money and I want free stuff from Fed.
Yeah no judgement there, I was just trying to explain so many subs being anti capitalist. In any case, reddit is probably not the place to scalp your Xbox.
Very turbulent
Ive been averaging down my 350 C Jan 22 throughout the week. It is insane how undervalued BABA is on a multitude of levels.
Uhhhh missing something?
I’m finance so chained to the city for now unfortunately 😤. This winter will be rough with everything goin in but hopefully life will be somewhat back to normal by next summer..
No one except a small group of people would have access to a vaccine before the EOY and that’s giving them the benefit of the doubt
The puts will print
Bro at some point people here will realize that stocks dip for a reason

Bill McDermott stepped down from the company and is now crushing it at ServiceNow, company culture isn’t the same. HANA was supposed to be the next big thing but saw big resistance in implementing

They are the only tech company to see declines during covid. Their suite is ungodly expensive with upgrades and customizations costing a fuck ton. That’s even if they do it right, you can read up on the outsourcing straight to India from the consulting companies that do that and the fuck ups and billions wasted

Some companies have good experiences, some don’t. I put them in the Oracle category, where they have a moat because of entrenched customers and already being established in big businesses. There’s so many options now for a lot of what they do and I don’t see them overcoming it. They are not a cutting edge company

Cramer usually isn’t great but check out his take on it after earnings were released (when he’s on in the morning, not from his show)

I made good money and got to travel a lot but I would not buy that company
[deleted]
Stop holding your farts in. That was the dumbest idea I’ve ever read
Pissed it tf out. found my vape in the front yard from when i was questioning my lonely "purpose"
How many K and what stroke?
Agreed, looking like a cup and handle getting ready to moon.
Why didn't you just sell at that peak?
Your fked enjoy
Having BA leaps is the biggest roller-coaster of life
that explains why women are stupid 

disclaimer: so obviously this is a joke, I'm not misogynic. I feel the need to say this bc I don't want to get banned
More than you
From the most basic macro-economic viewpoint the purpose of business is to make profit. Data shows that the top 5% of earners are the #1 source of investment in new business and technology development. You can tax the top earners a bit more sure, but it is quickly becoming a case of overtaxing.

 If you have a resource (in this case money) your primary objective is to retain that resource. If you as a country/state require too much of that resource to simply operate inside the borders you will either

 - Leave the country/state because it is financially smart. 


- Find clever loopholes i.e. offshore bank accounts, accumulation of wealth in asset form and not in a monetary form, avoiding taxes altogether


- Take the hit in taxes and take the least risky strategies to grow wealth or maintain it (no investment and growth)


- Hold money illegally 

All these examples carry the obvious downside of less economic development, less jobs, less innovation, etc. 

Just the tip of the iceberg
Lockdowns gonna fuck us ? 😭
In thinking on making a DD for Lowe’s. Everyone has been home building crap, and you can’t really order lumber from Amazon. Plus home improvement guys drive trucks and buy stuff in person.
But GME short squeeze, everyone's gonna be rich!!!!1!!!
I'd be careful about any sort of long hold on tech. Analysts are starting to really consider whether tech is fully valued. You can see that with the more frequent selloffs tech is having
The weekend is so boring compared to the thrills of the stock market. Options are the only thing that gets my dick hard anymore.
Lol I'm down to my last 2k aswell, all in NIO calls here. So you can do the same to my account, but yeah hold this L when it moons.
10-13

[https://chess.org/play/9ddbf04f-7f3f-409e-909c-f338d6e260b4](https://chess.org/play/9ddbf04f-7f3f-409e-909c-f338d6e260b4)
The top i say!
[deleted]
NVDA is doing good although not too sure if they’re priced in, they had that supercomputer deal and also the 3000 series but they’re not too hot on that scene because their supply is bad. They took forever to send them to manufacturers so manufacturers hardly have/had any time to make something good. The power draw is insane as well. Not to mention even if they have good earnings, AMD releases their DIRECT COMPETITION (6000 series GPU’s) the same day which will be sold out and reviewed and should specs be confirmed equal or greater. NVDA will not benefit from the positive earning. They’d likely stay same price or even over react and oversell which would have IV crush destroy you. Although that’s a pessimistic view of it and they could do incredibly well. But there’s just too much uncertainty, at least in my eyes, for me to try and make an earnings play. Best of luck to any that do!
Palantir Puts is the play
Just cause it’s secondary market doesn’t mean all shares are publicly held. You’re literally giving money to shareholders of Nio by pumping the stock on the secondary market since the value of all shares increase not just those traded on the stock exchange.
Just precisely when everyone rules out limit down circuit breakers...is when we get limit down circuit breakers.
My last week SPY $200 bet that became $10k made me ballsy enough to throw a cool $3k on SPY puts for Monday and Wednesday. This is after losing $6k on stay-at-home plays.
I have one of those that I got in a gift bag from Tough Mudder.  Its great but I guarantee it doesn't stop anything.
Sideways until P/E levels lower.
30 soon then 24 next week
Emergency use authorization not yet priced in
I love it but know it’s not my time to live here for real yet.  Laid off from COVID, I worked in tech sales but now I have no idea lmao.  What about you?
Punch that wall, you've earned it.
FSR
I checked 🍑eekend 🍉ow and it’s red. Is it broken or something?
Is it wrong to sub both wsb&acidmarxism
I’m in
BAN! too long to read. But you’re right I’ve watched since $8
Your one of a kind. Updoot
Ok gents I'm drunk so I'm going to share some super solid boomer DD. Like A+ stuff.

AbbVie. Buy the shit out of it until 105. Why? Multiple reasons. First it's a cash making machine. Humeria, Skyziri, Imbruiq, as well as their newest cash flow drug: Botox. 

They're one of the cheapest Large cap pharma stocks trading at 11.5/12 times 2021 earnings. This is even lower than Pfizer's 14x. And PFE is being held down because they still haven't completed their UpJohn spinoff (it was supposed to be done in May).  That means there is likely 16 dollars upside to AbbVie just on P/E growth alone. Probably even more considering how well AbbVie is managing their Humeria Patent protection loss. 

Finally, and here's the real amazing thing. The Dividend. 5.2 dollars. That's fantastic for stock that is projecting 15% upside within 12 months.

5.2% is on the level of T and VZ both of which would murder half their employees if it gave them 15% growth. AbbVie isn't a trading stock, it isn't really an options stock, but it's worth buying and holding. It'll almost pay for margin fees for its own shares just by the dividend alone.

Go out and get rich kids.
congrats
I love how GE is in this mix
Damn it I'm in
Those transaction fees are a pain if your just buying and selling stocks no?
GenX idiots unite!
Lol, no I’m just going to gamble until I have real responsibilities like a family and mortgage, then once the responsibilities are taken care of I will tap into the yolo account in a house that has long been paid for
You need taxable income (in other words ACTUAL PROFIT) to write off first. You can't write off a zero dollar tax liability.
ZM calls
Can't upvote this any higher.
Who?
You sure this isn't the final exam scores before the curve?
I highly recommend sports betting for you. Take that last 800 but it in BetMGM sports. You gonna be a millionaire
[deleted]
Holy shit dude, you called this perfectly. Tell me what you think will happen next week!
What Kodak loan?
[deleted]
ZM calls
Winning trades if I had held for like another 5 days hahaha I always sold at the bottom it seemed like
He has done more DD with one stock than any of you fags here will ever do in a lifetime.
I don’t care if your super smart being a paraplegic would suck
My IQ is 171.
LOL
380C here.
If it hits Bloomberg, odds are it's already been posted here 17 times.
I felt nothing, please cat scan and X-ray regularly
Amy Coney Barret will print, yes.
You may be right, but I'm betting against it. Just sold all my 245 5c contracts and bought puts
Maybe it will happen soon :)
I saw those too and was like what do you know
Guys want one thing and it’s disgusting. 

*NIO $50 PM Monday*
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Successwater
Vaccine news is def priced in lol we just had vaccine news last week
Wait this isn't r/Baystreetbets.
Who the fuck is giving everyone awards lmfao
Thats literally so long though like 25% of my current life just waiting
Chart trend looks like it wants to retest that 10/30support again here soon > prolly on the next big mkt selloff day which I'm expecting early this week
I had a job interview for a systems architect at a bank on Friday. I told them I sold NIO calls at the top.... I got an offer later that day.
Take it to the robinhood subs.
Is it official discord? Or jus some person using the popularity of WSB?
THIS.
Is it still on fire
just bought a brand new SMOK Novo 3. Dope shit
Lmao
RIP
Its ridiculously likely to pop on Monday now that everyone realizes nvda has ER this week.
I know most ppl here r dumb, but lets at least get the facts straight. Daily death number is higher than ever right now as well..
Atleast you didn’t think about yolo-ing the balance 4%  with calls.
Or those stupid neck beard sleeves that roll up and down.
Bro stop lying this shit wasn't from your grandma
Homey, it's:

> Where's the any key?
theyre pinning anythign flagged as DD now I think  >
That sounds a lot like what got me in my current position hahahaa
Sorry for reals, losing sucks. Even if it was maple leaves. Hope your next play is successful.
“I’m going to wait to be risky until I don’t have the means to recover from loss.”
I’m down about 85% at 20, down 19k, very painful but we will make it back
Why are you trying to get him to crash MSFT? I have a lot of shares.
Yep, and it's quite hilarious some of the people who they've managed to convince this year that they're disinfranchised. A friend of mine is a black guy who owns 3 properties and probably earns like $90k has said some stuff this year that was surprisingly sympathetic to socialist BS. And I know a married girl who probably earns somewhere around $100k as well spouting anticapitalist crap. 

It's amazing how mentally weak some people are when you take away their ability to socialize.....
Mfs shoulda bet on NIO.
So poots or calls will print? Is that what you’re implying. I’m also a retard.
I swear. I can’t enjoy weekend if I have a lot on the line
Kramerica industries
Depends on my goal with the stock. Is this a short term trade or am I long. Do I think the company will be 10x in 5 years or am I happy to get any profits.
>I had a few thousand dollars of Barnes and Noble Book Sellers (BKS).

You should buy stock in shopping malls next. You know, to keep the flow going.
[deleted]
Ain’t you dead bitch?
Don't worry the sec is on it!


🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Good, fuck you.

60k a year and 25% promo coming, what the fuck do you do? Congrats on ur loss.
NIO earns money?
Sir what does IV mean? XD
Go back to work sheep
Pointing out the stock is in reversal pattern isn’t bearish, it’s reality.
Will ACB leaps print?
7,000? My port goes up and down that much daily
Maybe? REITs gave up half their gains or more. Oil is heading down?
The fact that none of my portfolio currently has any of these stocks makes me very confident
Just moved to Vermont in July to start a farm. I love the cold but will get to enjoy mild weather when I'm 80.
Pepperidge farm remembers
Most of your positions were winning trades? Sure buddy...
Yes, you missed the other 137 comments about NIO.
It's point-five-three cents apparently. 53/100ths of a penny.
Nothing wrong with trying to make money off a console that just came out, but it just seems like something my friend would’ve done in college that we all would’ve given them shit for. You do you, someone will buy it I’m sure. I wouldn’t pay more than $100 above sticker price though, seems like a lot of work for that.
They will beat the earnings and share price will go down. That’s the trend we are seeing recently. To go share price up, Company should make loss and don’t reach expectations.😂😂
The universe will provide the opposite of the opposite so our steemed op remains in his retard state.
He should do some squats ffs
I didn't know we had billionaires in the house! What is your fund name?
[deleted]
This ain’t it Chief
So ready for tomorrow’s futures. Literally put so much money on 1dte, that I messed up being able to enjoy the weekend. Oh well.
Gettin’ jiggy wit it
I think MMs should be fact checked too
No wanna find my vape, about to search thebonfire pit
This had been the craziest trading week for me.

Had $11k in ZM 12/11 520c the Friday before, which lost -$6k value on Monday and another $2k by Friday close. 

But losing that much on Monday triggered something and I made some risky trades making $11k. So if the ZM calls go worthless by 12/11 I’ll be sitting at $0 gain/loss. Hopefully I can make at least $3-4k out of all this circus lol
Nov 27 290c reporting in, no reason for this to drop as much as it did last week so hoping for some sort of recovery this week
No options and swing trade next time. Since you young buy tech IPOs and leave it there next 5-10 years....You can't go wrong.
Wow Hawaii, must be nice. Solo or w/ wife? U work in finance?
That's why you don't surf this sub and you sure as shit don't trade options
acer is garbage bro.
COVID #’s spiking, people looking for a safe haven, DPZ and MCD benefit from stay home economy.
Can’t imagine the world of shit musk is going to talk when he recovers. 

Don’t let it dominate your life: The Sequel

House probably has a Bioweapon mode. STFU. 

Still can’t forgive that fuck for Battery Day Eve.
Thought of the day: Never hold your farts in. They travel up your spine, into your brain, and that’s where shitty ideas come from.
Predominantly NVAX and ACB
I can’t be the only one that watched that boxing fight.

Boxing can die now. Fuck those refs, sincerely.
wanna play chess
No, you're supposed to buy naked calls out of the money that expire next week.
Listen to this guy
He’ll be back as soon as his pattern day restriction is lifted!!
Nice try, algo
Buying an Acer Nitro 5 gaming laptop, any good?
[deleted]
Look at the ETF, MOON
lol
$800 is a lot when you’re 20 in college lmaooooo BUT I SEE WHERE YOUR HEAD IS AT BROTHER
Good counter argument
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Felt like this might deserve to be here...

**URL:** https://redd.it/jufox3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jufox3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/coleferg44, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Bijan2000
O4W_Native
OverpricedBagel
Yeah I do, my own hedge fund is up 33%, been a banner year though.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I would love to hire you as a life coach pls.
At least in this joke I had a wife to leave me in the first place :)
9-13

[https://chess.org/play/4d70b0fa-c658-4fd3-a127-58a9fa3f9095](https://chess.org/play/4d70b0fa-c658-4fd3-a127-58a9fa3f9095)
So that means you sold them?  /s
[deleted]
she's now an approved member of r/Ayymd
I think I’m going to get back in the earnings action now that the election dust has settled... some good retail tickers coming up in the next few weeks.
Comment said something about his “absolutely nuts”
I’m honestly grateful I realized it now instead of 2 months from now
Guys i'm drunk af by myself , lost my vape, and told some stupid bitch on tinder off..might need a therapist..:\*(
The OP is asking why IV is low for TSLA and I told him it's pretty obvious it's bc its heading towards the end of the triangle pattern.. It's basically getting ready to move to either direction. Ppl rly need to learn the basics if they wanna trade. smh
Can she be my grandma too?
Get some taste you uncultured swine
NVDA and CRSR not even listed.... smdh
[deleted]
[deleted]
Puts on this sub. Woops I'm 14 months late
well. Can't hurt to hold it till 150 in 2 years. might as well go for that. Well done sir
Royal bank of Canada
[deleted]
Quick twitter fact checkers asleep!!!
Wife's boyfriend says hi!
Calls on C&A.
Ya I’m only 20 hahaha can’t wait to be a slave to the system and work for the next 50 years😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄
Who called?
Jesus Christ everybody wants a fucking piece. Employers trying to pay less wages for wfh, now this shit. Fuck off Deutsche Bank, how about you pay us all for enabling mango all these years
NIO has a subreddit that's at least a lot better than WSB specifically for their outlook/DD
[deleted]
I wish strippers danced as good as mango.
[removed]
How you get it back?
Replaying GTA 5 on my ps3 cuz I spent all my money on fds and just realized they mention day trading on there haha
Bulls ego through the roof
Honey I see your performance is bad not only in bed, I’m done with you!

 -YOUR WIFE
Cheap stock.  I agree it is a buy at 9.5 ish when he bought. Big investment guys aren't going to buy giants at all time highs expecting them to double/triple their money in a year or less. I also would want to promote a stock I bought at the bottom.

Many insiders likely know there are many better investments out there. Else why would many insider sell a few months before the direct listing at 4-6 dollars a share?
You retards would get 6% annual returns if you just bought SPY and held it
Jeez , how could is it even possible anyone can fuck up the march to Now windfall👀👀👀👀👀👀? It should be a friggin crime!
You...don't know how the number work in p2p lending. The 10% or so is calculated in WITH the certain amount of defaults. It is expected that a number of them at different graded levels will walk with an overall average that works out to some nominal amount. It's not unreasonable at all. It's the same thing banks do when working up an interest rate based upon credit score.
Yeah I bounced back 4K in a month :’) these are usually the times she goes back down
Superb.
Yo I dig this. When there wasn’t any meme stocks going around for a couple months I remembered amd and nvidia had some decent traction. I can def see the sub rotating to this this week by Tuesday.
Scroll further down. You will find your confirmation bias. But there's a lot of SPY puts on Monday and Wednesday
[deleted]
This is whats wrong with our generation, we give up too easy. PUT THAT MONEY BACK INTO YOUR ACCOUNT AND GO ALL OUT!! WTF IS $800 ANYWAYS!
Sweet! Good luck man, I’m waiting out the pandemic shit in Hawaii, but itching to be back.  I’m shootin for mid q2
It was blowing up day by day by banks calling NIO's Target price. It went from 15-25-45. In a span of a month
Not enough people realize this soon enough LOL.
What platform is that. I thought Canadians only had wealthsimple?
💦💦💦
What about them?
Fuck when I read that it really hit me that I LOST $20,000
The other suckin dicks behind Wendy’s 🙏
This guy is so confident in his DD he didn’t even post positions. Now that’s confidence
Hold it so she dies, you inherit the shares and get the glory of posting the inevitable loss money porn
Hey now
would it be dangerous to do on my own at my own home? any tips on overriding?
All good, you have the the right idea with what you're doing, keep it up, execute on your plan.  Check out Mark Kohler on ytube and scroll thru his videos and see if any of them apply to you.  He's a hardcore tax guy.
We can pray
what caused it? lmao
Oddly invasive but yes
It's all about after the first try friend. Then you'll know.
Lol Harambe.  For the other two donkeys, an option 3 months out trades on two factors: relation to the stock price - AND - time until expiration.  The stock is currently 260ish.  If it goes to 280ish 'this week', I would suspect his calls are AT LEAST $20, which would put him up $39Kish plus $5500 in call premium received.  If you want to call out someone on 'math' you should probably develop a remedial understanding of how options get priced. TLDR - you can sell a near term call for less than a longer term call and it still be 'covered'.
[deleted]
All good mate I got you beat by about -$1200 at 20Y/O keep your head up
That’s exactly what he said
[removed]
Okay, but what if I'm different?
Fuck man. Hope you're at least young and can earn it back. 20k isn't much in the grand scheme
Double filtered!
🥭 going off on Twitter again lol this should end well
How do you think I got the money?
pltr will pump 30% in a single day in march
[deleted]
Where on this sub do people talk about gm? Lol
A whole year? No no no I destroyed my TFSA in August
I was hoping Scott Stapp was involved when I googled that
Whoa Jamal don’t pull out the 9
12/18 300c checkin in. When are we mooning sirs
Oh my god I’ve lost 20k too but it was house money, all time for me is 4k
At least you’re charging your phone!
Building ok not the newest but I’m good. Wifey likes it and it’s an upgrade for us. 👍🏻
Why is this pinned?!
Then why did Soros add it to his top5?
I’m assuming vaccine news are now priced in...
They saw your margin call and are afraid you won’t be able to make your phone payments. Can’t blame them
Asians love gay shit. Have you seen these clowns walk around *name an American mall? Yes I remember when all these fucktards were raving  about metal-credit cards. Literally we’re going nuts. Paying local banks several bags of rice just to upgrade a piece of plastic to a recycled aluminum can. These people are collectively dumber than this entire sub and us retards intend to profit while you go find your next glory hole to service
>How do you stop IV and Theta/Vega from fucking you long term? do you just look for low% IV? or significantly OTM?
Calls
Hell no hahaha
Weird flex
Calls on Netflix for adding the Chapelle show. Honestly never gets old
This made me laugh
Yup and it's not you
You’re golden.
Absolutely unbelievable experience...feels like dying. Don't try to hold onto control. All is good as long as you surrender to the flow.
[deleted]
I agree. I honestly think their WMT+ to try compete with AMZN will start making a dent in about 3-6+ months. On top of the pick up system they’ve been doing for a while now.
It would be big brained if you sold the Dec 4 290 calls and bought more feb 290 calls with your new buying power
Just get bots on your computer and snag one on a drop like a decent basement dweller👍🏽
Dude I'm seeing a ton of bear awards in so many random subreddits. What's the deal, am I supposed to get calls?
[deleted]
SeaWorld and Six Flags Puts lol
Zero is not impressive; show us some margin hits...
Don’t listen to this guy
Oooh like that, damn son enjoy. Newer building ?
I’m 20 in the same boat, hopefully we can both make it back
Why are we 9 months into this pandemic and bitches are still wearing disposable masks and tiny pieces of cloth that don't fit right
I just kept thinking I could earn it all back bc I was up like 25k in March with SPY puts and riding that high was crazy.
Nice larp
I plan on becoming more conservative with investments in middle age then ramping it to fucking hyper speed after retirement
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Join me fellow retards on a mission to “Make Tesla Autistic Again.” We need a grassroots movement to turn Tesla into the multi-trillion dollar Empire that it was born to be

**URL:** https://redd.it/jufayw
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jufayw) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Rick420-, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Rick420-
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
No because it's Chinese and after watching the China Hussle I'm much smarter than believing their shit. China makes shitty products, always have always will to compare this to Tesla is like comparing the BYD S8 to a Mercedes.
I'm rooting for you bro, though my brain says that's a stupid play.
There's always a 10 bagger somewhere, my job is to help you find it. Welcome to Cramerica!
Tooshea
op named good plays tho, sedg has a ton of room to pop
Looks like my wheel strategy with UVXY.
Man if the pres had saved that conference for Sunday night and then did that stimmy tweet we’d be mooning Monday 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
It’s time to get good at giving head so you can continue gambling
Everything else is way above precovid highs though.  Plus they did brrr like 10T
I was more referring to the movement of money. Capitalism rewarded ichan because he went against the grain-- keeping a company as a going concern and scalpers disrupt the normal sale process. Both profit significantly and the losers are either workers or state welfare systems (unemployment etc) and the end buyer for the game console.

Of course part of the reason both still exist is demand. Ichans investors clamor for demand and the world believes they can profit alike and limited releases fuels the need for retail buyers to have the latest thing

I guess is playstation wanted to get a cut of the action they could fund scalpers and agree to sell wholesale to them at retail and then get a split of their profits. Quasi-astroturfing.
Right! Crazy game we’re playing lol $800 on options seems like nothing but that is so much money in reality
[deleted]
Are you sure you are responding to the comment that you think you are responding to? If so, what statement exactly are you responding to?
I’m with you NVDA gang is back. Gonna use my gains to pay double for a 3080 on eBay.
[removed]
Don’t listen to this guy
It's not like you lost it all in one play......... at what point did you not think to just cut your losses?
Congrats, go buy yourself a nice lunch with the gains lol
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO BULLISH CALL

**URL:** https://redd.it/jufhah
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jufhah) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/themcgilldaily, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
DoubleKillGG
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
pre-historic?  I don't know what word to use that makes it sound any older, because the software government uses is very old. Even their GUIs are laughable, let alone their backend code.
Maybe people he's losing to are MM. But fuk that does dampen it
im in the same boat as you, this year destroyed my tfsa, im down 40%
Weeklies are pretty scary to hold. 👻 better luck next time man. I resonated with you realizing it’s actual money and not just numbers on a screen 😂
Shit you’re right I didn’t even see the upvotes that’s crazy hahah that’s fine I’ve never gotten an award on Reddit
I deposit a hundred dollars each time.  That's how I'm never a retard.
TSLA going to be trading sideways for a while or is it gonna blow up again?
Imagine having a smooth brain and playing chess. Lol I only play checkers.
Holding 1/15/21 6c to get paid back from Sweetwater when I went to a job interview and they threw me on the bottling line and fed me beers all day. Busted my ass hammered for 10 hours with no lunch break or any break for that matter. 

At the end of the day asked them if I had the job and they handed me a 12 pack and told me to keep showing up at 8am to “volunteer” and I’d eventually get paid. Fuck that shit and never went back. 

Their beer is pretty ordinary and they are in Georgia so the APHA weed play might take a while. Hoping for a run before January but Sweetwater will probably end up laughing at my retarded ass again.
Welp one of us are eating
8-13

[https://chess.org/play/9a1b44c5-6da5-427a-a497-ce0eb9261966](https://chess.org/play/9a1b44c5-6da5-427a-a497-ce0eb9261966)
Are you sure? Look at that dip bro. Can you explain why you think that?
I told a guy to get his crabs and/or clap treated LoL
🧂🧂🧂
Is this how options are supposed to be used
dont
Man women really love Dior Fahrenheit 

My boomer chad dad used to Wear it 

And I do now and bitches in there 30s fucken love it

Tell me i smell like leather and petro yet it gets there thongs wet
Balls deep in SPY calls. Monday will be greener than Shreks dick.
Calls on philips Morris
Guess I wasn’t paying attention
At least it was fake currency that you lost
curious on trying DMT for the first time
Appreciate you
[deleted]
Sure but I was kinda proud of going from deep negative to positive
If you blow up your retirement accounts at 80 years old you’re truly fucked.
They thought it was a bogus company when SHOP was at $100 a share, take a look at the share price now
I fucking love Mexican restaurants🚀🚀🚀
At least you got $600 upvotes and a few awards!...... free awards, because no one on this sub has enough for a gold or silver
Who balls deep in spy puts
fuck I would cum like never before if that happened
Nah. Haven’t been in college for years now. What does that have to do with anything?
TARD
Eat a duck. Not A dick. A literal fucking Duck you Chinese communist
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
nah
I don’t know if it full on mandate or just an advisory? If latter like in Chicago no one seems to give a damn and places are still packed.
[removed]
Government is slow to adopt change, but in government work many customers don't know what they really want because many are not technical enough to.  I was brought onto a sales calls with the sales team to a government enity and trying to explain what we were doing was impossible even when I was doing it at a ELI5.  Pretty much everything the government has software wise it out of date.  Updating it to modern levels of improvement would mean many no longer need their jobs. 

If someone has legacy defense contractors in their portfolio, I would replace them with PLTR, if you do not rely on their dividends.
I would say it depends on where you are at financially. If you have very little I would probably go crazy. If you are retiring in a few years maybe just be a boomer.
U right u right I’m just nervous I saw a bat outside my house today it’s a sign
Lmaooooo!!
It's great to hear you recovered. You were up for a bit which is more impressive than most.

I think find these moves crazy because I have the worst luck and they're such complicated instruments. I simply wouldn't test it on something this valuable.
Keep in mind that government includes DOD in this case...I don't think archaic is a good description.
Deaths - 0 

They’ll shut down anyway
That’s a top tier username
I will gladly cause havoc
States have authority to do it now and are currently. Illinois, Washington, California, Ohio. Some announcing new measures tomorrow, others on Monday.
I was replying to blackcockinvestments.
Lol pussy
This is the way.
This post puts the retard in retard strength
Your use of clearly means you are stupid as fuck. Market don’t do anything clearly - expect fuck, the market most certainly fucks
😳
Someone give me a nio strike that can be a 5 bagger if nio reaches 52
Well... that didn’t go as well with battery day lmao
There’s ten baggers floating out there boys. Just gotta find them.
I worked as an SAP consultant for years and can confidently tell u to buy puts on that company
WFH was a sort of a survival mechanism for both employees and businesses. I don't know if the life enhancement for those workers necessarily means the others are disadvantaged, just "not advantaged". I'd assume when things settle, the labor market will readjust to reflect labor supply and demand if WFH remains desirable for the employee in the form of a reduced wage or salaried work instead of hourly
Always have been
Just saw a dude standing at the bus stop smoking a cigarette through his mask.
Any reason you went a bit OTM. I’m new LEAPs but I was under the impression you wanted to purchase ITM
[deleted]
Thought you did some witchcraft lol, why are you doubting your vibe now mate?
it’s probably good they released the news on friday. people will forget about it by market open and we’ll go back up. if they waited they could have ruined the earnings run up.
Im selling Monday afternoon.
Lol love watching these post rally videos in DC, imagine thinking it's a good idea to rally for Donnie in a city that voted over 94% for the other guy.
Sbux have been doing a shit ton of share buybacks. They have another 8-10% in the tank over the next few months.
[removed]
This has nothing to do with my question, though? Microsoft already made the Xbox. My purchasing it and choosing to resell it in order to make a bit of extra cash doesn’t impact “humanity’s ability to survive on this planet”.
You're worth more than that! I'd say $10 per/sucky sucky
You don’t even know what strike he has, let alone how the market is going to open. How can you think this with such certainty??
holy fuck
This is stupidity I agree with you, ride the wave and make some tendies
.
DUMB would be a better symbol.
New Mexico and Oregon are locking down for 2 weeks and 6 northeast Governers are having an emergency meeting this weekend. We will absolutely lockdown again
bc they are dumb, probably broke, and do not understand how a market works in the first place. Its like people that say interests are theft because borrowers have to pay more than they received so their always losing money in the end and bankers always benefit. It's fucking stupid. They forget to price in risk. The interest accounts for the risk + inflation. Same thing for reselling, risk + inflation. Most of reddit has never taken an econ class
[removed]
Maybe you should go see if she's ok
I have 30k in 3/19/21 270 calls. Godspeed my friend.
Shouldn’t you be riskier with investments the older you get since you have less time to enjoy the gains?
good dd op, mods getting the job done letting good dd like this rise to the surface
Wtf is this pinned wall of text bullshit. Mods, your gay
6x 1/22 25C. It’s a steady SLOW grower. It doesn’t move like NIO or TSLA. This is an international company with most of their stuff outside the US if I remember correctly.
Wowza!
Wrong sub. You meant r/smallstreetbets
That's pretty different from scalping. What Icahn does is still arguably facilitating efficient allocation of capital - he made bank because the components of those companies were more valuable than the whole, and the market rewarded him for identifying and solving the capital inefficiency. 

Scalping a pure arbitrage - it's not value additive to the economy.
I looked at that but TQQQ is higher than QQQ so it still checks out. 

Remember in February when all everyone was talking about was SPY? And we ALL made money?
I was waiting for your big play.
I think the P/E calculation actually gets a bit wonky with this due to it being an ADR
Yeah corporate raiding it kind of like scalping on steroids in a way. But way more moving parts involved there
QQQ is flat since August while IWM is up 10%. Clearly QQQ is undervalued and should correct upwards soon.
I have all their music.
Finally. An autistically researched DD post.  They are rare these days.
I never knew my grandma
$FUBO $FSR
You’re in college, right?
My phone is being tapped.  Just had to get escalated to tech support when upgrading my iphone.  They won't tell me what this issue is and they are still having me wait on hold.
300
Yet he’s losing badly against random retards from wsb
do you have a hedge strategy?
Too gimmicky.
If NIO misses don’t worry. Another earnings report in 3 months.
Doubles down with baseless opinion
Guess people are just optimistic BULLISH
Same brotha I believe
You hear that boys? This guy was down to his last 180 bucks. Sucked a Dick and boom! Up 20 bucks to 200 just like that. Let’s all follow his lead and buy Lockheed Martin. Fuck outta here ass clown.
It's a stock that lures bagholders in. Seriously FCEL is garbo and it might seem tempting because its so cheap and you figure that it has to moon, but it never does. People have been pissing around with it forever. You'll probably regret not putting that money into PLUG
[deleted]
congrats and fuck yo- wait hold up this is a Europoor
[removed]
And exactly why cases would continue to rise, and more talk about partial lockdowns and school closings are happening. Still no set date on when the vaccine will be ready
I want to but there might not be a dip. Going to be selling covered calls on the collateral so I’m not really that worried about missing out on some premium
I’m long on baba as well!
That post linked from r/stocks is 3 years old. 

AES isn't some new exciting company, it's been around 1981 and peaked at $67.50 during the dot com bubble. There's no reason why they would go up now.
How will the Friday calls be at $20 if BABA only gets to $280 on Friday ?
Why does this remind me of j cole
More like $1.99
My friend, being flexibile with one's morals is a gift from the almighty.
Dude I keep seeing more and more about WMT calls. I feel like these are legit safe moves despite it being a boomer stock... I think it’s time to buy in!
heavy hitters? no smell as well and discreet af
Stfu u poor fuck 

Your useless degree is not helping u make the planet better
That’s like saying you think you could get 1 out of 20 people to start paying for Facebook
I never denied people dying on the contrary Ive been doing my absolute best to not partake in large crowds. I wanted to grab a couple drinks and didn’t realize it would be this pack.
[removed]
I’m fuckin in. Getting LEAPs on Monday morning.
Sell puts 10% below market, either you cash premium or get assigned at a cheap price.
Yes the average person who posts a lot of reddit are either a) super young or b) not working very hard. 

It's not really an anti-capitalist mindset but more of a lack of owner mindset and more of a worker mindset. They're more interested in just putting in mediocre work and getting paid. Pushing themselves to better themselves and their position in life is beyond their interest.
Because most people are
Broke bro 

That’s why
Not when free is just as good. What does the pay version add
How was the roller coaster?
Haha haven’t gotten to selling ccs yet. But I’m banned on rh til feb and I was gonna papertrade on tos for a few days to get a hang of it’s crazy fucking UI and go live on webull til I pdt that shit too lol.
I had 200 shares of NIO at $3.55 and sold.. regret it fvk the CCP
Everyone using intuit now.
Its obvious you have no idea what in THE FUCK you’re talking about. Report Every single trade?! Holy fuck you goddamn idiot
PLTR. Very different from PRPL
I think you’re right. I partly expect SNE and MSFT to have a nice next ER with next gens included, but SNE is also working on 4K TV tech that both can benefit from. As well as when PC starts pushing the 4K 120fps buttons here soon.
Bro no one cares about your measly account that can support 2 months of rent, please return to the Wendy’s parking lot for your nightly services
TXT
Baba predictions next week?
The one we're going to start hearing about very very soon. It'll be total bullshit for a long time but eventually they'll pass a skinny bill. One huge buy the rumor, sell the news event.
5/21 21c
Thanks guys. Anyone else?
I have solo shares. What’s going on?
[deleted]
I mean companies do it all the time. Ichan built his empire on stripping companies and reselling their parts for profits.
why prpl
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Korean Jesus shares his thoughts after losing everything

**URL:** https://redd.it/juf3ul
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juf3ul) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/xxntyuiop, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
DoubleKillGG
I have a SPY put expiring Monday so this is great news for me
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Time for the ol' inverse wsb
Just curious, but how did you have 100k+ in life-savings with 20k in a savings account, especially if your job is only 60k/yr?  I'm actually impressed by how much you've saved, how did you do it?
I like that icecream after dinner dude. Plays chess so must be hella smart and is bullish on NIO
I am gonna call you even Steven.
\>don't be a pussy

\>buy cheap leaps

???
It doesn’t
Wait for dip
Don’t worry with global warming in 20 years North east will turn into Florida like weather and south will be a dessert.
Whose the next hot war stock , tired of HAL and RTX. Who is going to be rookie MVP?
Many who already took their perceived disenfranchisement as a core identity trait the past couple years received massive reinforcement to it this year. You can see it everywhere on the internet, news and social media. The frustration which was originally targeted at "Big X" and the government has expanded to anyone who isn't in their situation, including those who were in and got out. It's sad. I was one of them not only a few years ago.
Mammoth lakes is OFF THE HOOK TONIGHT!!
I have since recovered from this. But yeah that was really dumb. I do gotta say that for a day or two it went really well, but I got greedy.
Hey! Our snow pesos can be traded for real money.
Moved from northeast to Alaska. Puts on my vitamin d
[deleted]
Ya hate to blunder the queen. I’m brain dead rn lol
[removed]
Supply and demand.
Government contracts these days have clauses there they can back out easily, cancel, propone, etc.  You aren't very privy to this are you?

I do not like defense based companies because they are lower profit. PLTR is a crappy growth investment.

You are just buying into hype and seem to know very little about defense/government work. The bar for government/defense work is VERY low for software. 

If pot and exstacy and such are legalized it would open up a floodgate of people who qualify for security clearance and can do what PLTR but multitudes better.
You’re probably the type of idiot that was saying “imagine thinking Nio going to $10” last year
This is robinhood
I get ur point but Elon can crush a man’s dreams with a single delusional tweet.. That’s gotta count for something
Same
That’s exactly my point if people cared this wouldnt be happening. Eventually “virus news” just doesnt slap the same anymore people just get used to it.
7-13

[https://chess.org/play/3a6f8ccb-d8fc-4d4a-a438-ef9face2a85b](https://chess.org/play/3a6f8ccb-d8fc-4d4a-a438-ef9face2a85b)
Definitely not this year

Nio is a long term investment
Fuck this is retarded. I love it.
trevor milton just got an idea
You’re fucking retarded, but so are we
Oof what a loss
I got in AMD at $2 then out at $12
And sold at??
And no fees 

Tasty works charges 5$ for a fucken coverd call smfh
People drive over there? It's a mass transportation area much like europe in general.
[deleted]
This is intense. I couldn't imagine putting so much on the line. Even if I did profit, it wouldn't be worth the stress honestly. It's commendable how honest you are about the experience though so respect.
Fair but I’d watch the origins of this closely...wouldn’t be surprised to see more talk about this after third wave.
Show the put position then
Lol, I was at a bar (they sell food) that had basically a revolving door here in Cali, super bullish
This just confirms how much more selling is about to happen. Like they’re not going to lock in those gains at these high prices...
I’m back I was banned for 3 days
Ok big guy
[removed]
Same shit just easy to navigate

A kid can use it
Loaded up with puts
I did a search for TDOC in my email and it's in all these ARKG buys. 11/13, 11/10, 11/9, 11/3, 11/2, 10/30, 10/29, 9/17, 9/16.
Anyone have PLTR LEAPs? Thinking about picking one up tomorrow 5c 11/19 2021
Agree. Growth to be had but it’s not going to be some economic powerhouse—the operative purpose of the company just doesn’t lend itself to a 250B justification, at least with the current scope of Gotham and foundry. If they start working into horizontals (like taking SAP’s ERP customer base for example), I could see more growth, but that’s purely hypothetical right now.

Which to be fair is what I see them eventually doing. Long standing competing systems are out of date, lack configuration and are hindered by a lack of knowledge of what their customers want out of them (speaking from personal experience).
Please come back again. See you soon!
Anyone who's on the NIO train isn't gonna be discouraged at this point bro. Let em ride or die. I personally will find this whole saga to be incredibly entertaining. I'm kinda cautious, which is why I'm not rich, but also why I haven't been wiped out yet. I got some nice tendies on this, but I'm moving to the sidelines.

These short attacks are so fucking absurd though. I remember being in a rage when one of them went after Enphase and tanked like 25% of its value in one day. Seriously took over 3 weeks for ENPH to recover its value even though the whole thing was BS.
NO FEAR!!✊✊
[removed]
Capitalism is killing humanity's ability to survive on this planet. Facts.
why are you doing dd on reddit, just look at going rate on ebay and list it
Anti scalp sentiment is separate from anti capitalist sentiment simply because it’s considered whack to buy something you don’t even want to profit off someone who wants it but couldn’t get their hands on it. That said I used to make bank in HS scalping concert tickets and don’t regret it. Do whatever
I think a lot of people have been sleeping on Sony lately. I’ve got a few SNE 3/19/21 90c that I feel pretty good about
So far in the weekend chat I have:

Given advice for heat insulation

Offered to proof read someone's college essay

NIO

Reassured someone tripping on shrooms that things will be ok with his girlfriend 

I like it here
I sold NET on Friday in my Roth, give me another 3x. I might go with PLTR
They’re salty because they’re brokebois
The combat in AC Valhalla feels *terrible* so far. I really like Odyssey...wtf happened?
Thanks
IWM calls
[deleted]
Congratulations on winning the game.
I do that, but then big pumps become like 85% of my portfolio and it's like wtf you do? Lose it all obviously. Diamond hands.
Ban this bullshit. Fuck these mfs
[deleted]
Tons are dying, you’re loony
But cases are rising nationwide ?
Even if you’re wrong you can make so much on theta on this it won’t even matter. I bought Jan 2022 at like $280 a month ago and have already recouped like 20% of the original contracts on the way down, literally can’t go tits up
[deleted]
Considering 15 was the top, I would hope so
Was just looking at that. ARKG has been buying them up on 11/13, 11/10, 11/9, 11/3, 11/2, 10/30, 10/29, 9/17, 9/16. I'm going for January 200c on Monday.
aple calls went from $23 - $823 in the beginning of the week
Ya
[removed]
You can have any pandemic you want as long as it’s Corona
Piped in
Bro i live in a super PC area in California and my local shopping center is PACKED with people. Everyone is bullish.
No way markets are betting on it and so far they been right on what he does.
Cash gang until direction clear
If your willing to average in thats good
$71k Yolo.. You belong here.
Brothers in Arms
[removed]
What are the cons of webull just wondering. I figured it’s relatively similar to robinhood based on the screenshots but seen occasional posts about it not processing shit or being down during crucial times.
Yup I am waiting for BABA to hit 220 before going in on LEAPS.
F
[deleted]
Best of luck, maybe biden will throw some contracts there way
I had a moment of clarity tonight and just took the remaining money out lmao
I too would like to know this
Stupid way to think about the market. No one knows what the future will hold.
Just buy some SPY, don’t cry, it’s as easy as pie
Oh. I had a hard hitters or high hitters one once. Finished in a weekend lol. Love that it doesn't drop ash around the house and does the deed
NIO and XPEV buy the dip opportunities on NIO earnings. LI didnt even have that good of an earnings and they jumped 30%.
I think they’ll cut a deal before they go to zero. It’ll get bought, or it’ll have rumors of a buyout and the stock price will jump. Take profit then. That’s the plan. I got them when they were dirt cheap and now I’m just adding whenever it drops.
really expected something usefull...
Idk why ppl go there - all of the bdubs near me are absolute shit.
DB is suggesting it, not gov't at least. I was thinking it was major cities wanting extra tax from remote workers before reading. Still quite backwards, isn't worth refuting in its entirety
The beauty of government contracts is they're still getting paid even if the customer isn't using it.

Just wait until white Obama takes office and continues expanding mass surveillance programs, claims reigning in government spending and secretly mandates PLTR the only approved vendor.
Fuck you and your extra chromosomes
A few have, just a bunch of weeklies that I sold out of too early. Honestly if I was using less money I would have been more comfortable holding when things dipped. Those are the times I sold:(
Lord I hope so...I got $15K of FD calls expiring Friday lol
What kinds of stocks are your normally looking at for selling weeklies?
You mofos, why are all of you suddenly bullish? I swear that you were all bearish all of last night. This can't bode well for my calls 😔
Just buy EV stocks and don't look back 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.ft.com/content/5e9af60b-774b-4a72-8d06-d34b5192ffb4
RH sends you a 1099 you don’t have to jot down every trade
[removed]
It shows you did not go to university
Does anyone else feel like the majority of subreddits are anti-capitalism? I’ve been doing some DD to figure out how much I’m going to resell the Series X that I managed to get my hands on and all I see are salty people crying about scalpers and whatnot. Why does everyone bitch and moan about people reselling?

I’m not here to hold your hand, I’m here to make some GD money. This is the way of the world.
Bro it sure seems like it, everyone just cares about themselves out here in California
The sarcasm rolled right off his smooth brain lol
Don't buy NIO. IV is ridiculous.
i was thinking you were intelligent till that last part, now I'm worried about my baba calls

thanks i guess
'checks graph'

That's a negative.
Stimulus tweet. We  🦘 market again boys
put that 800 in to palantir and just leave, it'll be worth several thousand by next year- 1-1500 end of this year.
Well they do have the endorsement of the American Autism Association so that could potentially take them to the moon
weed pen
Hahaha, damm dude never got full retard. Please post loss porn
You can’t be completley 100% cmon
It looks bad now but think about the chart and the balance when you sold. You aren't prescient and you're not a time traveler. No one knows when any stock is going to rocket up unless they're inside trading. If I saw my $5000 turn into $10,000 I'd be happy as hell and be grateful that it didn't turn into $1000 like most of the time it would have.
Alright dude u asked for it this doesn't hit 70 Monday im sending you dick picks
You gotta stop thinking from a western POV my guy, look at Gogoro in Taiwan
Bro you are insane I’m glad it is paying off
Isn’t that why we’re on this sub
I am taking donations.

&#x200B;

Should I open a patreon?

\-Penguin from discord (now homeless penguin)
Depends on the what the client wants but clients of that size have access to invest in hedge funds and private equity funds which can have huge returns. Most clients stray closer to the preserving capital mindset though.
thoughts on ZM this week. lockdowns inbound. pump incoming?
Profit is profit
Doesn’t matter. Computers process these things, and they barely audit anyone
🥭 lockin down in Jan
when you're in a better place you can still learn how to play options in a way that isn't gambling :)
Fucking love winter. Hunker down with a cozy fire, good beer, and shepherds pie. Trade the short days away and bundle up for the occasional evenings out. Love getting snowed in.
Maybe it was Jinping who bought those.
Damn it I’m in
Why?
I met 2 people from SAP drinking at a bar.

Now they are on my linkedin.

Calls on a bro company
Damn it I’m in
Have BABA calls myself and I hope you’re right but damn Jack Ma pissed off the wrong people and bit the hand that fed him so bearish until we get an announcement regarding Ant group IPO.
Why?
F

you coulda put that into palantir a month ago and been at 30k today alone
Within 3 weeks
[deleted]
Dude is inversing himself, he knows what he’s doing.
Your uncle in sales doesn't count; it's his job to be positive.
Why
Hahaha honestly for a minute I seriously considered just investing everything I thought about doing
I have a feeling SPY will jump to $400 in the coming months but AAPL will still stay flat at $120 and AMD will still stay in $80s just to fuck with me.
I like in the northeast I enjoy having seasons
true... and even if there is an ER run up, the IV increase probably wont let me buy it back for any cheaper
hush little autist dont say a word

daddy elon gonna flip you the bird
Nice
Ass blaster 3000
The weekend thread is a scary place
I think it will as soon as we see fda application next week.
I sold my NIO 11/20 20.5c  when I was up a measly 300.00
[deleted]
BABA
Does anyone have thoughts on Walmart? Seems like a solid gainer for a while now
Jesus, guys, really?
That’s actually really helpful advice Lol that idea never even entered my head
Don’t currently have one but I lost a lot of my money on weeklies lol buying high and selling low. In hindsight a lot of my trades were winners I just sold too early
Good night, sweet prince.
My bad. Rest in Pepperoni, Muskeroni.  
I'll never forget the 107%
A little thing called NIO
Public Relations and Brand Exposure.

Money is nowhere near as valuable.
Complete gamble and probably terrible idea to sell puts. It's not a question of whether or not their earnings are gonna be complete trash next to valuation, it's how the market will react to the doodoo.
100
Movie business is to big to dail but THEATERS specifically those with a shit balance sheet that might not last 4 months with a second covid wave are in trouble.
lmk when you corner a stocks price movement, and I'll believe this, o wait, that's what market makers do, but it isn't for equity, it's to create a better exit for the previous owners
Instructions unclear, bought nio calls.
If you have solo puts. RIP
Slight headache and I’m calling my neurologists to run an MRI
Fack your grandma mate 👵
Yes
Yes
\*Retard has become self aware\*
Trump is gonna do squat, Biden is not going to get inaugurated till Jan 20th he is not going do a lockdown immediately and president doesn’t have power to enforce such a executive order. 

You need both senate and house to approve it , even if dems take the senate impossible you get all democrats to support that especially right leaning ones.

My prediction like in July some state specific measures, covid rages (200k cases and 2k deaths) but doesn’t impact the economy.
All these bagholders in denial. Look, you fucked up. I came back from being down to 180$. Find something else. Dont yolo like an idiot. Take gains.
And most importantly,  stfu about nio you God danmed retards
How’d you calculate your target price?
Glad your hilarious o
And not dead
I'll have what he's having
[deleted]
[removed]
He’s just a huge Orwell fan
Lmao I'm done with these EV, that's all the market is now
Fellas, look at SAP. You might like what you see. Talked to an “insider” and it’s a good buy. Play at your own risk.
Y’all must have AMD and ZM flipped. Who shorts AMD?
Wait so we are 100% bullsish on spy Monday?
This is fake....
Literally nobody cares about rona my local shopping center is PACKED
Sounds great man!  Just make sure you save for a good five or ten years so you can lose more money on gambling.  Best of luck, retard!
Your wrong kiddo. This is the biggest mistake of your life, so far.
Sorry. Can you come back in a min?

Almost done here
Where’d you even get this money to lose making 60k/yr....
Too soon
I think Monday I’m gonna grab a SNE 1/21/22 $100c for $700-$750 ish, and grab a WMT 1/21/22 $185c for $545-$560.
[removed]
You lost me at Exercise, I Robinhood & Pornhub only.
i've been with Nio since 2 and average around 10. everyone who cashed out got played on Fri.  i know pretty much everything i need to know about Nio.  I know the company really well.  and that was a hit job to get in cheap.

by 2025, China will be making 25% of its car sales from EV.  

globally, we averaged 92 million car sales in 2019, which was a slow year for ICE.

China has banned ICE by 2035.  And you know Europeans are gobbling up EV.  US doesnt have any "real" product besides Elon, and he only has one factory running in the states.  Elon has 2 factories in china where one is coming out with y's from shanghai.  and Nio is starting to become more competitive bc you dont have to buy the most expensive part (battery).  in fact i think they just had an awesome battery promotion.  

So tell me all you smart citron fiddlyfuckers how much is China EV overbought?  in 4 years... 

in 2030 the Chinese EV market is going to be in the trillions.  just so you fiddlyfucks understand.  you cant seem to think 1 week into the future.  you dont make bets now, you place bets for 5-10 years.  

china is ahead on the self-driving software, batteries oh and they pretty much own all the lithium and metals needed for electrification, besides the tiny bit Elon bought.

there are over 400 million people in china who need an EV to include the millions in Europe.  

the usa will see a huge import of chinese EV as well bc they are reaching mass production levels.

so go ahead and be stupid.  im not letting cheap bastards take my cheap shares.  they can suck it.
How well do you understand the car business to think this company could possibly be worth 400 billion dollars?
Humor me and do it
But if a girl buys FDs, wouldn't they no longer FDs?
[deleted]
Everybody thinking pooh gonna BODY Ma but they gonna work it out for the $$$
You don't know when to slow down or speed up as your sliding on your timeline. Doo doo
Covered calls
Thank you bro, I’m a share holder but let’s get this money regardless
You don't need winning trades mentality, you need the winning strategy mentality + time. A winning strategy and time.
Make it 3 trillion
Down 70% on my BABA calls. Got 4K left. What’s a good yolo play for next week?
Looks dumb af so buy $5 puts when it goes up another 20%
There are a LOT of people who still need to take the occasional 5 hour + trip.  People driving for vacation, driving to a summer home etc.  Even if its just 3 trips a year and they will NOT want to sit for an hour + during the middle of an already long tip to charge.
Positions or ban
Financials are also still pounded
Technically they’re calling for the tax to be imposed on the employer. From what I read elsewhere.
sold it at $1.23
First ones free!
the search for bobby fischer is over
Too low, you should be picking up some SPY 500 lottos at this point
Working out?
And they have high taxes there - sucks
Nice source man. Jewish post
Theta gang it on margin bro... after one year
The bike itself is actually really expensive. It's quite durable and well-made and it's extremely decked out in technology too. It's got well over $2,000 of parts and proprietary tech inside of it, but it costs $1,885. They depend on people getting a yearly subscription to break ever on just the bike, and more than that to finance the classes and other services. If you read their S-1 filing, you'll see that they're really in the business of selling a service, not a bike.
How fucked are my Netflix 520 11/20 calls
shes going to come down around 30 so we can all have a piece
Right? Who the fuck cares that your dad made lots of money and you get to waste it.
It’s going to get bought definitely. Movie business is too big to fail.
[removed]
Fucking same. It’s been screwing me all month
I bought PLUG at 6 and sold at 6.5
Nio Puts, Work Horse Calls. That's how you do that
My noc and lhx leaps might be okay with some war
One last screw job for Graham and McConnell from Mango...
[removed]
>He’s not gonna tell grandma to yolo his inheritance retard

Do you realize what sub you're in? He's posting on WSB.
Fuck the IRS, don't report
[deleted]
Winter is Fukin ass why would anyone live in the northeast.

 Lives in the Northeast
How the fuck you lose on the weekends?
Bull market let’s go
🎊
kinda tempted to sell nio puts... 200% IV is a killer deal
AMD 85 by eow?
Why do I hear my mother weirdly grunting screaming next door ...wtf
Nvidia logo green, calls green this week confirmed.
Not going to sell my TSLA shares just because my cost is ridiculous low so my tax bill will be huge.
TDOC calls for January? Guranteed tendies?
NAK should be on there.
set limit sells...
Lost $3500. Hate that shit
7-12
This
7-12

[https://chess.org/play/a701e379-2e89-4bf1-896b-7d1c43bdce48](https://chess.org/play/a701e379-2e89-4bf1-896b-7d1c43bdce48)
What about his nuts?
Haha hopefully
My dog has more shares than that
Unless you have those nasty after effects, which happens often enough it seems
How thoughtful of you to worry that the IRS won't be able to track us all lol
I already feel bad for you,just pray that moderna don’t come up with news on Monday before market open and you’re good ,I got some 365C 11/18 for this reason . Good luck !
Don’t worry, cancer onset is usually painless. U fuk if you’re feeling bad w/ no pain.
[deleted]
It's called chasing loss. You lose, feel bad, bet bigger to win it all back. End up increasing the bets till you get to zero.
the ratio of my farts to my ex's farts was like 483:1 . and when she did cut one, i'd let her have it..."OMG!!! U FARTED!!? OH MAN, PEEEEEUUUUW!!" 

one of the reason's she's my ex, prollly
Show us the way king. As some who regularly made gains and lost it all, I’m back to climb the long journey back up.
Okay ive been waiting for a nice dip to either ride or buy since we went full retard after the erection. I think its over due which means its like the market is constipated. What do you do when your constipated? Take a laxative = Need a Catalyst. In which case it wont just be a dip like a breather it will be a fat sell off , probably with an over-reaction. That sounds too juicy to not be attracted to playing. 

Downside is you don't want to be standing there with your dick(puts) in your hand if decide to tap 370. 

Its 11oclock on a Saturday night and these are my thoughts.
Must be nice to sit and bitch on reddit all day
there could be [war with Iran](https://www.jpost.com/israel-news/are-israel-and-the-us-planning-to-attack-iran-649030) on the menu boys.

was wondering why Trump was so keen to get rid of Esper..perfect way to fuck up Biden's first days.
PFE does not move. Selling calls on it it where the money is at
If I ever heard my wife fart or knew she took a dump I would end this marriage so fast not even joking
It’s no secret, 🐠 and 🪑 have been the moves to groove
Thanks for the post, going to keep an eye on it
Just like 24, Jack will not die.  He may disappear though.
someone posting about gambling addiction I bet.
Buy puts?
Hardware is different than software. Much much slower. Doing this implies you likely aren't an engineer. Elon wasn't running TSLA. He was focused on SpaceX.

I find it stupid how people also compared to Amzn saying they didn't make a profit for a long time... well no shit... they made tens of billions in physical infrastructure. 

All defense contractors have secured government contracts so what? They are low margin even PLTR knows this and stated it is why they are growing outside.

That is a bullshit lie that every police department is using PLTR database. No. I know, LA, Irvine, SD, San Francisco do not. Don't spread lies.
Do you know anyone who doesn’t like tacos??? You’re proving OP’s point bruh
You and I are in the  same boat buddy
Jesus fuck you must live in the south
How come nobody asked for positions yet? Jesus
Went to grab some food last night. Bdubs was more packed than the Secretary of State office on a Thursday. Covid go up!
See my DD. Lockdowns very likely early Jan.
[removed]

Privilege tax lol:
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/6262411002
Now this is podracing
So basically all you lost is about £1000, move on dude
Don't forget, your Tesla car will drive itself to the Tesla liqour store to pick up your favorite brand of tequila, Tesla tequila, lol
[removed]
That split second of $15K must have felt glorious...then "why didn't I sell!?!?!?"
Lmao idiots thinking Nio going to $300
Yeah. That shit is sideways.
Yeah something about 25 years old and frivolously punting 125k sounds like a rich kid playing with daddy's money. Like you are minimum out of university with a meager bachelor's degree with a degree at  what? 22?
[deleted]
A good play is pfe dec calls. Maybe also calls on shit like amc. Unless market drops all together - those are solid plays.
I hate abiding to having only 5% in ethe. I have been feeling the fomo for weeks now... Shit is wild as a bull.

Did you know that PayPal translated 650b while ethe translated over 800b last year? Or was it last 6 months? Who cares I'm just gambling with this 5% anyway. Gain is gain

5k eventually
Ehh I could just deposit the cash Thursday. Fuck me.  Thanks man.
Fist on chest. Fuk
I know most here don’t worry about taxes, but does anyone ever wonder how overwhelmed the IRS will become due to the fact that trading has been made so simple via Robinhood and whatnot? Like, they expect people to record every single trade on their tax return. Just this year alone millions of people who have never traded started trading due to the recession and I doubt the majority of them will care enough to record every trade when the time comes. 

Anyone think about that ever? Yeah me neither.
ONE OF US, ONE OF US
Pretty sure he's being sarcastic!
Some of you guys have enough funds to exercise an option?...
💯
just so you know, it's bated breath as in to hold your breath in anticipating. baited breath is just the smell of your job in the allyway outside wendies
CCP more angry... BABA goes down to 220.
 Might as well hold onto it before the contract expires and see what happens
Red senate was an amazing miracle. Imagine this new left holding all 3 branches my god.
No because it’s a small company with the production output of a Mexican restaurant
Think I should sell my JMIA calls for around +20% and switch to BIDU calls for earnings?
As long as OP has a credit card, he can still make it back!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Everyone's emotional though so the fact that it takes that into account makes it a winner. Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Hummm
Probs
Dire Straits - Money for Nothing (Chicks for Free)
[deleted]
Elon even said he created Tsla not to crush all future EV but to create more competition. Supporting NIO is supporting Elon. As long as they make good electric cars. Unlike NKLA... supporting NKLA is anti tesla.
Y’all seriously need to go in on Fisker.
It’s not Covid u prob had diabites or cancer dude
7-11

[https://chess.org/play/a564c1eb-420a-464f-bcdd-ff83b0a3a676](https://chess.org/play/a564c1eb-420a-464f-bcdd-ff83b0a3a676)
Buying calls and puts you can only lose the premium you paid for the contract if it expires worthless. 

Shorting options is a whole other world where you have set gains but you can lose exponentially just like you can gain exponentially when buying options as opposed to shares. Really there's videos that'll give you the basics but you really wanna learn the greeks they'll keep you from buying shit tier contracts.
What's this all about? I can't even come up with a reasoning
I hope it prints for you sweety
Zm skyrockets back up on lockdown 2.0?
Fake news.

Covid is cured. Pandemic over. Buy boomer stocks and don't ask questions until it's too late.
That’s some simp shit
Get your affairs together
TSLA was also a "slow" growing company started in the 2000s.

PLTR has lock in with government secured contracts. Also pretty much every police department is using a PLTR database.

PLTR is not the same company it was back when Theil needed blood boys. They're built different
1984...sounds pretty normal at that age
Anything wrong with my head and it’s brain cancer
Is my 12/18 300c safe?
Stays flat goes to zero
Markets are gonna brush aside the covid19 cases as they are have very little impact unless you do full lockdown which is not happening.
The world needs more kindness like this.
I’m amazed that a bike that expensive loses money.
Don Quixote enters the chat.
yea but not before losing some money of course
No only USA woman do 

Go to Montreal or tieland or Spain 🇪🇸 and fuck as many as u can afford either no drama 

All buiness
I thought I drank enough to forget about that. Guess not.
270 11/27
Yea don’t trade something with 500mil volume.
I’m riding this too, albeit with 10x less capital in it. Good luck to us! 🤞 🍀
Rated
Go @ the mods retard. I’ll stop if they say so
Every time I’m in a losing position
Earnings crush is a huge drop, where you been
at least i don't need money to get pussy retard, go back to r/stocks

get rich or die trying bitch
Same here
1.51$. Math. Jesus fucking christ.
Sir this is casino
Shit is solid.
Angry you lost out on so many gains? 

&#x200B;

Nope it won't because Citron is not currently long NIO like it was long Luckin at all time highs.
I had a 2022 $3 call. Sold for $25 profit 

YiKES
It's a tough lesson but you'll learn a more valuable lesson from it: averaging down = throwing more money on the fire. That said, I dont think you're screwed. Take the loss for up to how much you now realize you can't afford to further lose and hold the rest. 

Instead of averaging down, if you're still confident about the play, use that money to purchase further dated calls (or - wsb blasphemy, buy shares)
🎉
It’s Marvelous Mrs Maisel plays chess. Up to you if that’s a good concept or not.
Velvet Underground hands down
Agree with TSM. Rocketship
Ewww boomer
It’s a default colorblind friendly scale that I was too lazy to look up how to change
I think they've made 1 billion in micro transactions this year alone.
As a total noob, why is it that people were looking at NIO?  What types of companies do you look for when trying to invest in something like that?
I’ll have 1 cherry 🍒 slurpy
You made good money huh
Just delete the app off your phone
You gonna lose half your money over a fart bruh
True if big
Imagine thinking that YOU were the only one seeing this coming and the market didn't price this in lol
You cant make any trades until you call them. They'll read you a little spiel about how you need to fucking pay better attention. Personally, I spaced out pretty bigly during it. Then they will open your account back up. They will automatically sell those exercised shares early on Monday I believe.
[deleted]
Pence and his sign 🪧 lmao fuck 😂
yes
I love to gamble my life too
Naw man. I know that looking at my comment history might not seem like it, but once I amass enough gains to where I’m feeling godlike I am going to disappear so hard into the shadow and work on some other passions. Some people enjoy being invisible and I’m one of them
I have learned a lot recently, and often these don’t print even if eventually price does get there. I had Jan 15 ZM 500p, and I barely made 20% the day the price dropped 17%. Since these contracts are expensive they lose a lot of value over time. That’s why people avoid buying these “obvious” puts.
Stfu. You would’ve sold at 2.05
Anyone ever get random pains in their body and immediately think it’s cancer?
Still got to fill a gap around the 220s before it goes up. That’s the entry
Dire Straits - sultans of swing 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
No way José
[deleted]
BET!!!! Fuck now I have to watch
My calls would love this
Yup people gonna wake up one day and learn NIO XPEV LI never existed!
I wip out my amex gold and I get way more woman gold digging and Intrested in it 

I use that to get PUSSY and then ghost them hehehe 😝
i beat yo ass
Would recommend using a different color gradient. Pink, red, orange, blue, and yellow (or whatever the gradient is) feels a little awkward to compare with each other.
thats why its priced in and all these doom and gloom bears praying for circuit breakers to save their puts 😂
You’re the real MVP
Building a minefraft house
Well, you can get taxes on $3k in losses back each year anyway
Stop teasing my cock OP
In 6 months you’ll be happy you didnt
December 24th $272.50 Calls reporting for duty.  Fairly decent weekly covered call premium right now and that's my preferred way to play it.
i play a shit ton of mc. mostly with my son, but occasionally by myself, stoned. shit is relaxing af
Dire straits - Once Upon a Time In the West👌
Now I really want a delirious regeneron and steroid-infused tweetstorm from him
Hedging: Cons- account won’t go as autistically high at the same rate as just buying calls or puts
Pros- account shouldn’t go to 0
If I ever catch my wife farting I’m getting the divorce papers pronto.
[deleted]
Doggy
Browsed all your plays and you sound like a smart retard. I myself have 50k in it as well. May tendies fall all over our dumb faces
This is why you shouldn’t look at the market with hindsight. When I sell a stock, I’m done with it, I don’t look back and check how much I would have made if I held.
Report this guy for spam
People who consider themselves either conservative or liberal and retardation
Like literally every Stocktwits user ever? No seriously, every third post on there is talking about how they bought a stock at the absolute nut low and sold within 1% of the HoD. They stay capping over there. 

Anyway rant over. Congrats! Hope you held!
I don’t see any gains on his chart other than the 1 which was probably a deposit.
Every woman has a private secret world. If she invites you in you’re golden.
Should hit that on thursday
They read this sub and diamond handed to zero
a raging pandemic and a president who refuses to admit election defeat.

if you didn't see this coming from months away, you were not paying attention.
You're proly right but I don't need to get rich tomorrow. Good luck.
you wrong fam that shit is metal and bitches love seeing it get whipped out
By definition, you are not allowed in here





Perma ban
Everyone in here got burnt in the rally and fall of cannabis in 2018-2019, they’re all so damn bearish. Wait until the word “cannabis” is every other news headline when Biden pushes for federal legalization and every single weed stock on Earth is rocketing, this sub will be NIO level hyped, and I’ll be holding my 10,000 shares of cannabis stocks I picked up pre-election averaging at $6 buy in :).
[deleted]
WtF. Poor gal
My fat cock
18-100. Gotta play the Field
Fuck , very smart tho he is right 

U can lose it all in a min , all your gains all the gains u paid taxes on gone with one bad move 

Or your company getting fucked 

Sometimes u did not even make the mistake 

Lk$ fucks u and the company fucks up and u pay the price
7-10

[https://chess.org/play/b2d4d765-947f-45d9-b288-b936f8e416de](https://chess.org/play/b2d4d765-947f-45d9-b288-b936f8e416de)
Someones gonna convince everyone to buy calls and its gonna tank
You are the one who inspired my DD.
Yeesh
UVXY
Classic
But when you have lots and lots of money. Sometime you feel like you are the GOD. You can't stop yourself from being arrogant. It's only a matter of time.
I'm in New York so fuck, that's probably a crime that would I need to post bail for. White collar crime struggle is real.
Jynx Maze 😭
It’s fucking legit. Binge watched it last week
RAIL rising
All my positions are winning trades in my imagination.
I’ve been drunk since market close Friday. Help me
Work from home tax you say? Not what tech workers want to hear when they are fleeing the bay for cheap housing elsewhere.

Better squash this shit ZM
Old people investing. Wild. I’d run up credit and live large.
Trading view
I don’t like milfs
[deleted]
All bagholders lives matter 😂
Buy anything but NIO and you will do better than 90% of WSB next week
They are open tomorrow, investing.com
She had a miscarriage and Musk told her after that her services were no longer needed
Dumb bitch... Should have reverse mortgaged and plowed it into the market, living off those divi tendies
Salmon, did you jump out before the dip?
A-at least I had a profit, r-right?
# 15 days to slow the spread
You realize if you’re a healthy adult that getting Covid is inconvenient but you’ll build immunity for at least the winter. Right?
I bought one share of NIO when you guys were raving about it for 13.91. It’s now 44.56, so I’m pretty happy with those gains. Don’t care about the “plunge” on Friday as it’s so small compared to my overall gains.
Bro
Should’ve bought calls retard
Thx yeah it's just marinating for a few more yrs
Funny. People said that to me at $25. Bought at $5 and sold at $45. Will rebuy if it hits $20.
Let the upvotes pour in
Grandma r fuk
I really want a ten bagger and my downside potential is really small, so im going to hold until wednesday (probably)
It's true. My grandma is 90 now and she sold all her stocks 20 years ago when she thought she was going to die.

Now she lives on cat food and peppermints.
Bought puts
Thanks!
Lol what? 

From what I heard it’s was really well done. Still looking for time to really watch it and absorb it tho
When the edible kicks in and you have flashbacks of all your horrible option trades 😱
Its actually good
Rip
Well, duh.
[removed]
lol 200B Mcap? what drug are you on mate
TSM
Take this shit off here then dumb tard
He fired his wife? 😲
Calls on survival
MU
Mods please give this guy the flair “King Retard”. You have earned it sir. God bless you, you crazy son of a bitch.
Y did u wait so long to post this or is it a response at the bottom is says is introducing cards which have been out for a while. (I could be wrong)
My bitch cheatin so I fed her to the animals... Carole Baskin!
I have been building a minecraft house for 8 hours now.

What am I doing with my life
Long term here. Bought a shit ton of commons at $24, not touching it for another 2-3 years
This shit made me cringe
Depends if you’re holding shares of an actual company that makes money...
Leave Tesla and come to NIO.

Thank me later.
Ok what are the secret plays people looking at? Go ahead and shill me your stocks
✊🏻
I'm going to watch the chart monday and tuesday and see if my gains are enough.... but honestly My Max downside potential isn't that great (I didn't put that much into it) and I'm retarded so I'm probably gonna let it ride: LETS GOOOO TO THE FUCKING MOON
Probably cancer
haha I thought he was asking about the dip. The rally was in plain sight! I caught it after it boomed a bunch. When stock go high, it go higher. Until it go bye bye.
Spy 340p, vxx 30c, spxs 5c
Part of the ship part of the crew!!
FUCK NIO 👊🖕

I will be hoping it does a LK$
Lesson, don’t be stupid enough to piss off people significantly more powerful than you unless you can legit disappear.
WSB is alchemy for the modern altist
I approve
Guys, I'm gonna be fucking real here for a second. I started options awhile ago and it was exciting. But everytime I'm done with a position and I don't have skin in the market, I started to get ansy. That's when I knew something is up and I was starting to get addicted. I mean, I still am. But I was too.
I bought 19 shares at 1.96, sold 4 at $22 to grab some profit and am still holding the other 15.

Obviously, like everyone else I wish I had bought more.
I sold 61 qty CSP, 11/20 52 this past Friday.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jthlc2/33k\_nio\_premiums\_csp\_bag\_holder\_edition/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jthlc2/33k_nio_premiums_csp_bag_holder_edition/)

I'm bullish on NIO for the same reasons, I think their deliveries alone (at this point in time) are enough to significantly increase its share price.  
If this were TSLA, I'd say their autonomous driving IP is where TSLA will derive its next leap in share price.

I plan to write ATM (or near) CSP/CC for the foreseeable future and do not mind bag holding if I'm wrong this upcoming week.

Catch ya next week OP.
All good my dude...lots of risks, namely that all of your comps answer to Xi DaDa
[deleted]
Nope. Don't worry.
You are an idiot
Until you go broke?
Yessss. And it’s kind of a flex to pay people in it too.
Fuk been coughin lately and feeling tired AF

🍺 flu?

Puts on me
On wtf is this queens gambit show good
Or are ya just saying that for gender equality 

Or how every one was to scared to say Netflix Luke cage was garage or else your a racist
/r/dataisautistic
[removed]
If the rumors are true...

GG
Could go up, down, or sideways.


Who am I kidding, that shit is mooning
Stocks + sold covered calls + bull call spreads 2 months out.
The IV on these options is going to be above 200 percent. I can’t wait for the comments about people being in financial ruin lol
People keep saying this but who would have bought an online book retailer on IPO and been like yep I’m gonna be a millionaire off of this
Congratulazioni OP! Adesso puoi ottenere una rimessa molto più grande nelle lande di Trapani e molti risi e bisi.
Like the guy touting AES right now?

Trying to convince others that his shit dont stink like any other mother fucker with mouth diarrhea.
He had a 0% gain
Lol
25% raise after taxes will take 12 years to recoup your losses, basically half the time you've been alive...unless...there's that $20k in savings...
Hahaha 😂 😝😝⚡️
Squeeze is unknowable. Stock will be trading in the 30s in 2021 at some point though
Funny. My last random reddit punt was NIO which I bought at $5 and sold at $45.
I don’t limit the age range, have to keep sugar baby / mama options open of course
it'll be closed due to covid soon...so, that's good
I dunno, man. Their most recent earnings report showed a lot of debt in things they aren’t even in the market for. With some really bad news in their recent 4K (and I’m not even sure what to think about their charter), I’d say stay away from this company.
Go around comparing your balls with other boys' a lot?

You belong here.
Am i gonna get fucked by SOLO puts i bought near end of day?
When?  I’m starting to lose hope on my position...
You keep forgetting the people here wait until a stock is up 10% PM before buying calls.
I recently did tasty works 100 or 10 shares shit 

I still waiting on my 100 shares 

I fucken hate the Mobil platform 

Webull and RH still the easiest to navigate 🧭🗺 and lose money on
This is horrible advice
CCP is even going after jack maa.. remembers some govt just dont give a f.. They come after you even if you are one of the richest. Once you are on their really bad side they will come after you no matter which country you live in.
I will not say anything other than: i tried to make you money. 

Such deaf ears :(
Boy and ur not gonna put ur money on JD instead?
I sold my PLTR 11/20 $10c on 11/3 to get out before the election. We both missed out on 5-10x bags depending on timing the top.
Monday predictions ?
Sick
idk honestly. But I believe one of the Chinese EV makers will eventually become a status symbol. You know people believe in patriotic bullshit. So that in itself connects people.
Priced in
When you swipe a meme off another sub [and get called out ](https://www.reddit.com/r/pennystocks/comments/ju3a2m/the_rpennystock_way/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
JD P/E is 41
[deleted]
Believe all Poles
Prediction: fast food is gonna pop on Monday.
He sold it
Tf is the posture thingy? They release a back brace or some shit lmao
Alibaba Health Information Technology, direct on the Hong Kong exchange. Been holding since August, think a breakout is happening this week. It is a track for Alibaba but is way cheaper and more volatile
No he’s not, we literally know the delivery numbers each month and the stock rallied more than 100% the previous month alone. 

The Citron report was just a reality check: an earnings beat will likely not have much steam to drive another rally. Given the high IVs call buyers paid up on, if the stock doesn’t push past the implied moves, they still lose money.
Stocks + sold covered calls + bull call spreads 2 months out.
I mean NIO was big on here when it was below $5 sooo
bro you wanted to put on “supermassive black hole” and i walked out of ur apartment

u got me fucked up
All of you who have been waiting for a NIO dip to get in and didn’t buy on Friday are cowards
nah...i like my prison tat (ban flair) the way it is
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-17 03:36:21 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-17%2003:36:21%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/juexh1/71k_yolo_baba_290c_021921/gcbzo41/?context=3)

[**2 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjuexh1%2F71k_yolo_baba_290c_021921%2Fgcbzo41%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-17%2003%3A36%3A21%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20juexh1)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I would say its 60% meme and 40% actual DD. I got a lot of good info from this vid if you wanna check it out [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCevgCGj7nI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCevgCGj7nI) I think China being the biggest EV market in the world as well as China making it very difficult to drive a gas car its only going to make the EV market flourish. The Chinese government having a direct hand in that makes sense for them to have a stake in an EV company, lining their own pockets essentially
What age range were you swiping?  I rarely go more than 5 up or down anymore.
From the night before retard!
Tia tequila.
Not gonna lie pretty mad I didn’t pull the trigger on shit coin 6 months ago.
No gives a fuck about the queens gambit ok ✅
Lol
Why?
Hey, if you have a moment, 
can you speculate on what this person is trying to accomplish [here](https://imgur.com/a/4EtU9uB)? The chain has massive IV skew to the puts side which I believe may be due to outstanding warrants. That position is massive compares to other strikes and the history on each leg makes it appear it was rolled out from last week's expirations last Thursday. Is this a hedge for warrants? Some sort of arbitrage play?
Boomer bailout stocks that will get billions in stimulus
27 is the official, the youngins call you uncle, territory.
Facts need some arabs like city who will throw money around hahaha
But can I bet my life saving with one bet?
Hello?
Holy fuck you got me laughing. All the way to your username.
Think it's gonna happen this week
You can't take out a second mortgage on your mom's basement without her permission.  It's illegal.  You go to jail dude.
RemindMe! 48 hours
What happened ya got rapey with one of them?
The “*” in etrade really fucked up how I read this
Fuck 😖🤯🥺
I remember reading about it on the r/pennystocks sub before it blew up back in like April.
[deleted]
i paid $5 base + 0.50c per options contract.
[deleted]
Banking in their PR release of getting that loan.  I like it.  Fuck it, im in.
Hahahahaha
Hoping they crush Q4 deliveries due to China factory ramp and FSD beta doesn’t kill too many people till then. Like you, I also view TSLA as connected to SpaceX. If the launch goes well tomorrow, it could help.
Also mega star athletes u grew up watching are dinosaurs (see Lebron, Tiger).
Because you're bored. The market is closed...

I quit once he started on spicy food.
[deleted]
Damn that Mexican restaurant burrito got my ass in straight shambles. Whole body tweaking. Scared to push this one out

Nio $45C 11/20
Xi is a big cock blocker.

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/ant-group-ipo-personally-halted-china-xi-jinping-jack-wsj-2020-11-1029800224
So 6.9 gallons?🤡🤡🤡
Which one is the any key? Homer Simpson
Tfsa
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Rick420- the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is it me u looking for ?
Good man
WSBR would be the symbol.
[deleted]
It's a pick-me-up because you picked it up bitch 😤
Hes saying NIO is gonna rally hard Monday. And tendies lord please let that be true for the sake of my portfolio
You seem like bad luck then
Too many 😢
Bro u sucked my cock and licked all the goo

Like u let no sperm go to waste bruh 

Cocks to sky and buy 😏😘🌼
i agree he should take it serious, but nobody is going to take you serious when you say something like

"It has a 107% death rate in healthy middle aged people"
Hello?
Do it
Luckin sold real coffees as well.

Just sayin'
Yes, unfortunately I do. Not just one..
[deleted]
🚀
Get rid of Woodward and we're good. Glazers need to sell the team lol
Hi, will, your writing is nice
What’s a share?
Quality
Thanks brother 🙏 don’t forget to wear your mask!
Ever? Eh
You sell calls or puts and how far OTM? Thinking about joining theta gang myself. Which stocks?
[OP's potential profits.](http://opcalc.com/h1q)

Change output type to dollar amount instead of percentage based. Looks juicier that way.
Yea.. plummet $20. Not plummet to $20...
Yeah but earnings just happened. The market is not likely to flip past pre earnings within a week.
What if I’m getting gangbanged by both?
[deleted]
NIO and tears.
I knew when a chick on tinder called me an old man. I’m 29
🚀🚀🚀 For good luck
Who hurt you
i could but i'd get banned
Make sure to bring knee pads and chapstick..
Ik man and they blamin solskaer aswell like he had the same problem as mourinho the club wont give the money to buy the players
Real.
He's a terrorist?
I know PLTR has been a favorite stock to watch by many for a long time now. But what's happened in the last few days to kick up interest into another gear?
ItS gOiNG tO 20
[deleted]
Ok if you're that confident about it I hope you were in at $5.
Thank you and honored by your comment. I am def a TARD.
[deleted]
I'm hoping for Abdiel
Oh, down 20$ not down to 20$ per share lmao
The bottom... so far.
It has a 107% death rate in healthy middle age people.  Stop treating it like a joke.   Elon is gone.  Move on and buy puts.
They probably bought hertz instead
AES is an acronym I've heard before. Can't remember where, but it sounds familiar. I clapped out some syllables from the first couple sentences of this DD and the noise my hands made was intriguing. 

Fuck it, I'm all in.
This doesn't mean shit. Could be legging, bull or bear
Every YouTuber thinks Monday is going to be green always looks before it drops...
Shit $800 a week ain't too boring to me
How exactly do you help somebody with a call?
I hope you’re right, I need maximum tendies to feed the kids.
Nice
[deleted]
this is a long post i will not read

but yes BABA go up
Username checks out
Just do the inverse of what everyone says
Lot of shorts
[deleted]
Lol hilarious for you to think that.  I live in Hawaii and went surfing this morning and went hiking with my Gf in the afternoon.  Now I’m having a margarita at happy hour.  Enjoy your COVID fuck head
[deleted]
Why do you think Tesla is overpriced?
Hi,does bb terminal works for south east Asian country like Malaysia where news come first to us  before publish to local?
Dame “ they say “ 

By the scares of Broadway is a fire 🔥 song bruh 😎
"Holy Grail" is a strange thing to look for. Basic understanding of accounting and programming... (no deposits this is all trading)  


[https://twitter.com/GravityAnalyti1/status/1327816336211406849](https://twitter.com/GravityAnalyti1/status/1327816336211406849)
just leave em there
thats pretty gay dude
Just recheck these comments later
Do you think the NIO app and NIO house are really going to be ways for rich people to connect with each other and build relationships? Or is it just bullshit?
I’m still gonna play it. Those premiums are insane.
Vaccine vaccine we all scream for vaccine!
https://twitter.com/bopinion/status/1327640121471082497?s=19

Lol trying to get some extra sales.


*Poor people can't drive our cars therefore they don't pollute as much because our owners don't need to sit in traffic and sit in an office 5 days a week*
I like the way you tard.
Senate is red. Hes not pushing that through
I give money to people in my community not strangers halfway across the world
I think , people are under the impression this is because we expect Elon to die. No, it's because of what we expect Elon with brain fog and bored out of his mind for atleast 14 days will tweet out.
[deleted]
Cool, thanks. I might throw some money into TDOC. Seems Cathie ARK is buying tons lately.
Takes balls to invest in anything baba right now.  I am rooting for you!
That’s why I go to Montreal to fuck escorts
The colors are default I’m too lazy to change them. They’re color blind friendly, dark blue is negative sentiment and lighter colors means people are talking more positively when mentioning the stock
Can you PM me every morning every trade you’re thinking about? I’ll be sure to reverse it and split the gains with you
flaming
Rushed
Wool socks
Why a Apple Card that’s for poors 

Shit is garbage gives me no reason for me to use it
You trolling?
SPY is only 11% away from hitting $400.
Okay I guess. A lot of challenges, but I have confidence in humanity over the long term.
What kind of huge surprise catalyst do you think is possible?  Stocks had a massive run up already so expectations are very high.  Delivery numbers are known already.
[removed]
I got “bang bros “I
Personally, I donate to starving kids in Egypt.  What do you do to give back?
We’re not fam. To be honest I don’t even consider you equal to me. You’re portion of life will be to be a test subject for a vaccine while you’re curled in your house while people like me go outside and enjoy the air
6-10

[https://chess.org/play/34f73f71-1ac7-48c0-b7ae-8f063b048d23](https://chess.org/play/34f73f71-1ac7-48c0-b7ae-8f063b048d23)
OWL calls got it! Thanks for the DD.
There are four quart's in a year, therefore one year is 3.785 liters.
Women and playing victim. Name a better duo
I’m a fucking retard with an E*TRADE account. Thought my $21 rkt options expired on 20th not the 13th. E*TRADE auto exercised. Now I’m technically down two grand in cash but not enough cash in account to cover. What happens?
idk but with half a billion volume, there are bound to be a ton of shorts
lyft puts
Ummm what did I just watch? And why did I almost finish, but quit last min?
Not $60 billion in cars. Citron didn’t say they should be worth zero. They said they should be worth $25 thats still 30 billion
NIO is an exception though. You’ll see Monday. If you buy at opening price, you’ll be printing money like Powell.
285c dec 11
> IPR violations of existing products

I prefer these products. The Chinese company saves money on R&D and pass the savings on to you. Win-win!
Cash secured puts on Stonks u want to get assigned sounds fine to me
What tf do the colors mean? What’s yellow sentiment?
I can’t get on the discord
Just sell puts and collect premium.  Minimal risk and consistent reward.
also, naz says, "life's a bitch then u die". to your point
[deleted]
I thought 4 quarters= a dollar.

Y'all are blowin my mine
I've seen her...Woof
Say goodbye to Dat cash
Wtz a wax pen
18 , 20 if we are lucky
And then you can unshort it for profits
The stock did great when he released the short shorts and they had the space x launch. Terrible analogy, i know but i hoped the stock would do something similar for the teslaquila and manned flight approval news. Then the fucker gets covid smh
This guy gets it
I wish, I got 11/20 152.5c
True dat.
"I and other smart people" lmao
What’s your net liquid value
[deleted]
I think you are misunderstanding sorely. It doesn't take much effort to notice this pattern and how you can stand to take profit at either peak or dip.

Peak: 108.84 Thu Oct 29

Dip: 94.13 Mon Nov 2 (Change -14.71)

Peak: 119 Fri Nov 6 (Change +24.87)

Dip: 99.66 Tue Nov 10 (Change -19.34)
$PLUG is going to the moon 😎
👌
[removed]
Priced in

Flat as af
Shorting amazon for Monday.. how gay am I?
BABA bros, what are your positions?
Moon
All in Apple: I got an iPhone, AirPods, Apple Card... I even bought the posture thingy... I might buy some calls, too.
They also said SHOP was perpetuating fraud.
Diamond hands are more likely to put you in the -90% club than the +400% club
18?
DD checks
😂😂😭 what a refart
I believe best case PLTR at 100 Billion in best case scenario in today's dollars.  The fact that they require security clearances to be hired is a big turn off for top talent even if the talent will not work in defense/government projects. Their clientele is in industries with similar slow mentality to defense/government work aka legacy automotive and aerospace.  Alot of the work is not creative and boring. Paperwork, manual testing because it is required by stupid regulation, etc. They are taking the low hanging fruit that should have been modernize long ago and started to do that. Not many want to deal with all the red tape. 

That is rather small. There are legacy defense contractors with only a few times their market cap, which have satellite offices in the Bay Area that focus on software with 250-400 people. These are generating \~300M-500M in revenue a year. PLTR has over 2000 employees.

Google was actually implementing projects that would have taken their bread and butter away but too many employee protested and started to quit. Google did that was best and axe the programs rather than lose top talent.
I guess we gotta CGI this shit with our voice overs
What are your positions so I can watch how hard you get fucked
Deeeeeeeep into the mantraaaaaa✅📈
Dude, have you ever been to a big city in China?  There is literally nowhere to park.  There is no room for charging stations.  Even if there were, nobody follows common driving rules in China.  You will see all types of cars parking in charge station spots.  Finally, no one owns property in China like they do the US. You can't park your car in the garage at the end of the night to charge it.  Everyone lives in condo high rises.

One more thing for funzzies. The battery is roughly 30% of the overall cost of an EV.  By "renting" the battery you don't need to pay for it up front when you buy the vehicle.  That's a huge reduction to the price tag.  That's why Nio can undercut Tesla's price even without having the huge economy of scale that Tesla currently does.  This difference will only increase as Nio's volumes grow.  I'm not saying Tesla won't continue to do well, but some of your analysis is very short-sighted.  Nio's business model is very much set up to succeed in China.
NIO bulls have such a better upside than bears do. If ER is good NIO is getting a short squeeze to the fucking moon. Gonna be crazy
Don't take that advice lol it was a joke
U only live once, gotta treat yoself
What do we think NIO does on Monday, have a short sale 65 shares
I feel as if this goes two ways:

This is like Amazon in 2009 and it goes parabolic and we all come back in a few years and celebrate.

Or it tanks when china does some stuff to screw with baba and we come back and cry.
It’s in the StonkLabs section called FD Rankr
wendy
Nah, u rite tho
Lol
I'm going to build an anti-PTON business. It's an at-home 3-D burger printer. I'll call it Weigh-a-Ton.
This post is boomer af
You had over 120k at 25? Just go back to what got you that money
11/20 50c
It’s not about how good or bad the company is son, we don’t give a fuck about the company. All we give a shit about is the short term pump... wham, bam, thank you mam.
Bitch u gonna luck this balls or naw ?
She is one of us
Sold my sisters soul to the devil in return for a green monday, you guys can thank me later
[removed]
[deleted]
I mean you’re right that e-commerce in China and baba are monsters but the problem is that if rumors of Pooh stepping in personally against ma are true then it’ll tank regardless of fundamentals. Unless ma gargles the balls or steps down it’s incertain in the near future.
Wouldn’t tax increase signal a lot of big sellers in the market before Biden in January? Idk feels kinda like we’re nearing the top.
MUSE BEST BAND EVER 

BULLKHAN APPOVED
Guy fired his wife I’m pretty sure he can fire Covid from his body, though his asshole
Already got cash 💴 homie can do both 😎
I was gonna say you’re a faget and need to lose my number. But you’ve totally REDEEMED YOURSELF!!
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/codemanx316 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Anyone holding PTON calls?
Probably attended Woodstock back in the day
There was one in Chicago right at the CME/CBOT/CBOE. Prob not still there since floor trading is pretty much gone..
Why is your grandma buying shares instead of calls... doesn’t like free money?
[deleted]
That says more about you and where you live than it does about this disease.  You really see the world as much smaller than it actually is.  My best friends coworker died, his family is screwed.  I went to the dmv and they had a moment of silence for a guy who died that week.  It’s real fam
Sounds boring. What are your returns
This. OP is a cockteaser.
Net liquidation is a suspiciously round number
As long as you’re still around, great 🥰
What's your position?
it is known...
PLEASE NIO AND LI PULL A LK$ I beg u universe grant me this 

I will dedicate to u a symphony of distruction
I'll sell to you Tuesday before er
Hi guys🙋🏻‍♂️
Facing south too so views of Midtown too  it’s lit
Don't talk shit about dad behind his back
You must have poor parents not to be able to afford to go to Eton
[removed]
A lot of people talk about futures, but how is the future looking?
Yehh never been but if you’re driving a nio u prolly living in luxury by China standards. I’m sure they got indoor parking garages with charging stations.
Hard for a non American like me
Whenever you make an investment, you should have a plan if it doesn’t work. Don’t get caught watching capital disappear
The brown color on the entire image rightly depicts my shit portfolio color
Elon Musk has covid. Puts on Tesla
[removed]
We're at the nascent stages of EVs in China.  There's alot a value already priced in.  If you're willing to hold long term, I think it's a great play.  But I hope the rate of increase slows to something more sustainable.
Bud they don't even make batteries.
Citron saying PLTR is overvalued because their HQ is not in Silicon Valley
[deleted]
My TSLA 435c 2/19... If Elon gets the Covid harshly or dies, could be trouble.
[removed]
I just went all in ($35) on this one. Looks holdable.
Dkng
And I’ll buy it there for god damn sure pleaseeee!!!

(Salty ass mf will down vote this crap but I guess thats what happens when WSB’ers lose thousand of dollars they take it out on the down vote symbol 🤷‍♂️😂😂)
Ok. It can’t be that easy? Can you set an example for me? I’m a pleb yes I know.
That’s actually a screaming deal but Jersey views...
I’m waiting for it to bounce off 380
[Check out their store finder map](https://www.niu.com/en/niu-store-finder/find-store) especially for Europe. They are already very popular.

What's up with Nepal though. Why do they have so many stores there lol?
If you spend most of your time eating and on reddit, then probably.
Remindme! 2 days “refuted this opposer”
hard yes.
Cock is rock hard waiting for all the loss porn...

...who am I kidding, I'm a slut, cock is hard waiting for all the gain porn as well.
You got me! One of the highest*
[removed]
If it does, you can jack off to watching me lose my last 2k. If not, hold this L
You need to switch it around the different funds. If your on a life cycle fund check your loss/gain on your documents, if you dont have a loss, allocate a percentage to a different fund (ie i fund, g fund etc) profit gained should carry over.

P.s for the love of all that is good dont take a loan. Just saying, better for it to cook and stew then move when you realize a gain
I also would like to know this
Wouldn't surprise me if it isn't, but it may back to 7-8$
Imagine if someone did, wouldn’t you feel awful it was someone’s brother, son, daughter or grandmother? These are real peoples lives, not numbers
it’s green
How many years until your business is supposed to be profitable?
You should find something $3-500 a month cheaper and yolo on calls. It will pay off.  You'll be happier when you're picking out your lambo color or model's titty size.
[deleted]
Hmm did you even read the articel? If you did then you should notice that not a single one of my arguments interferes with their arguments... or maybe you just havent read my comment, very interesting though how attacked you feel
Selling weekly options is as much of a gamble as buying them. Hell, in some cases it's even a bigger gamble especially if you are selling them naked.
Where’s a Susan when you need one
I think he means just press anywhere on the money display. There are options for how to display the values, and you press the currently displayed value to see those options
[deleted]
Great sub. Love the trip reports.
r/dividends will downvote you if you don’t have at least 60 fractional shares of stocks in your portfolio. I’m not an expert by any means but either IVV or VOO should do the job. Lol
It's gyna bro. People park on the streetz
Even 1500 would change mine right now LOL
Ayooooo that’s a gg
$130? NIO TO $130? Oh yes.
I’m up like 300% on my shares of mindmed.
[removed]
I wish I sounded like Boris Johnson. His accent is awesome
So do you copy and paste this shit or what?
Mmedf
They've been saying soon for over a year, unless there's new PR about it that I've missed.
[removed]
That’s what I’m fuckin talking about
A man like him is literally in no danger of dying or even being hospitalized by COVID (its not dangerous to most under 70). But it'll be funny if Institutional Investors pull-out Monday.  
I'm not saying puts, but you folks are silly like that.
Let’s go to Walmart for a bag of chips so we can sleep in tonight and watch it together babe. 🥺
What do you considered long run? I've been trading option for almost 2 years and been doing pretty well (for now). I don't consider 2 years "long run", but so far it's going pretty well. I managed to turn 32k to about 290k at the moment.

All my trades history are logged here if anyone is interested: [https://onemadinvestor.com/](https://onemadinvestor.com/)
Bin Li, 3 models, around 65k USD, Li Auto and XPEV, they have more market share and the Chinese government has a stake in them as well as giving them lots of bail outs and cuts, they arent doing anything worse than their competitors. Plans for future growth are battery swapping programs which cut down on the overall price of the car. Not sure of profit per sale or per model since they are only sold in China and I cant be bothered to google it
Any chance GME go up next week?
[removed]
[deleted]
Jerome powell doesn't like those pensions. He needs that $$$
AMC likely needs a buyer or its going to 0
[removed]
How do you sleep at night? This sort of stress would kill a normal person.
Press any key
Sup Trevor Milton nice to see u join the WSB community we’ve heard so much about u
is the GME short squeeze still happening?
They will I can sense it
It’s meals and entertainment expense.... but the “entertainment” part isn’t deductible 😂
I disagree. I broke through my first time it changed my life and I couldn’t wait to do it more. Did it a few more times and haven’t in probably 7 years. But I’m ready again now!
>Hard for the US to declare Chinese scooters to be national security threats in order to ban them

It'll be really easy to make them modular so that they can be "Made in America" for tax purposes.
too much writing. buying puts
I love you man. This is golden.
Genius play.. maybe. Although it would be more impressive with less drawdown.
Rkt is the new country wide. Offering refi to every deadbeat that needs to cash out equity waiting for a post covid job.
Went all in with normal stock at 20/share. Have made back most of my losses from degenerate gambling. Bit nervous now but still holding
[deleted]
This guy due diligences.
Going to keep buying AMC leaps until they makes me rich
hahahahahah
He’s so beta-neutral his portfolio goes down when every asset class is up.
Why is this not upvoted more?

This is exactly why NIO goes back to 20.
F
Probably still have the same shitty genetics as it’s cousin RKT, 20 3/21/21  30c
[deleted]
I do too
Thanks man, you might regret selling so cheap though
There needs to be a feature on a broker where they physically don't let you sell for a period of time. The only exception is if it goes up 1000%+ within that time frame or something similar... I had AMD at $10, Canopy at $5, NIO at 4$ etc.... sold them all for maybe 40% gains each
Google it nerd
Hopefully nothing but you're missing the point- it shouldn't be possible period. God is fake. Religion is for the weak-minded. Fairy tales have absolutely no place in politics. 

So again, fuck Mitch McConnell. Honorable mention of holding stimulus hostage.
... kyle?
Proof
Nice! I got a lot of shit for saying I was entering my first non hedge short position on them earlier last week. Glad other bros made true tendies. If I didn't bitch on some to cover cost basis I would have net 750% but 350% ROI free money in the name of ccp woes is tasty. 

I'm done with this EV meme. Rest of yall can enjoy. I like the smell of gasoline and the sound of truck's engine. I like my steak and would prefer not to spend more for less on solar. Cali will always be a their problem. Im not redneck but when things have been going well I prefer not to disrupt them because of social media trends. I'm absolutely for being environmentally conscious, I just won't go all in on 5-10 years out; because I'm a selfish piece of shit.

Edit: forgot to add Fuck China
Only if u a fats
No
Lol, iron condor is risky for NIO

This shit could go crazy, wouldn’t wanna try to find the range
Good point fellow autist :)
No, still here
I wish I knew that much about options. I work way more than 40 hrs a week so learning the in and outs of options has been a slow process.
Expected moves. Search up Brownian motion on tastytrade.
confession: I actually like Star Trek Voyager.
i would like to introduce those interested to r/DMT. come on over. plenty of tips on how to extract and lots of trip reports.
Have u fucked any of them
Or smelled there panties ?

These distant cousin so they don’t count much 

And u can get close
The difference in IV the day before and the day after.
[deleted]
Slap us harder daddy
SOLO worked out tho 😂
[deleted]
It alr went up $5
Calls it is!
Maybe
Bought the BABA dip last friday at $257 and $260. Lookin really good for a bounce next few months especially.
What do you mean by "so small in absolute"? They did $289 million last quarter, to me that's not small for a software company. Their commercial revenue is higher than their government revenue. They have commercial clients in many other industries outside of aerospace and automotive. Many firms that are huge now took years to perfect their products, adapt them, and reach high growth at scale. Are they all slow too? What PLTR does now is different than what they started out trying to accomplish. I'm not naive enough to believe that PLTR will be a $1 trillion mega tech company among the likes of FANG, but I do think it has great potential to grow 5-10x from here. How would Google come in and crush them?
I'm not keen on betting on BABA because I personally don't want to invest or lose money in it. Based on the graphs it does seem likely that BABA is due for an upturn in the near future and your LEAPS seem to be a good ways out to factor in recovery. However, in the short term, Jack Ma is certainly not helping himself by getting on Xi Jinping's bad side.
You gonna see $28 by Tuesday
🐜 IPO delayed 6months, new China trade war coming up, Jack Ma getting shit on, so overall I think it’s a terrible decisions but I have been know to be wrong once
Portfolio >stocks >press the three dots >tada
Harder daddy
Some are buying 60c

I guess 30/33/60/63 iron condor is the play
PTON 101c, NIO 41p both 11/20
Why would it drop so low? Unity is quite established. And has never gone that low.
[deleted]
Jebus is that you?
One day I want to have 250k and throw it on laughs. One day....
[deleted]
We all know how this movie ends
United Health is the only health plan company bigger than CVS.  What a terrible company cvs is lol sarcasm
55k in a month, damn nice. How are you doing all time?
Sorry most of you. Some know how to make gains most do not.
Made my play and got out a week ago before the IV and shorts started their games. Keep chasing though.
I too have a human family.
Just one Hindenberg tweet will fill that gap
:)
They’re both pretty close. AAPL is a better value but AMZN is growing revenue much faster so it’s hard to argue which one is actually cheaper.
I also understand thermodynamics, that's why I'm laughing uncontrollably.
You must lead a pretty sheltered life if the worst thing that’s happened to you is losing a $2700 investment
Awesome story. Do you have time, can you tell it again?
🤫
I just need 3k profit and Im out.  Please lord Elon make a stupid tweet
Wouldn’t matter if you did you can’t stop it
I know. So shouldn’t he be down at least 65% like the rest of us?
Calls on BKD
... andrew?
Nice 👍
Wow... that’s crazy
I’m probably the only person in history to lose money on an amazon call so I understand your pain
[deleted]
I had to TLDR my shit.
NIO will make all of us rich. It is the next TSLA. Get on or get left. 🚀
That’s hot. Love the spike into close victory then death.
File a form D and you can get 3k in losses back every year
It's not the size of our wallet that defines us, but the depths of our autism.
That and the jump to 110. Was gonna sell the 100$ put
Bears ate up the NIO 33p 11/20
And.......
Directly in the battery-swap region
I have other account on your little Vegas bets lmao. Don’t worry I’m watching
so very japanese
1100 sq ft $3700 dog. GL finding something close I been lookin -_-
And, do you think they'll get that loan before Trump is out of office?
But... But i have weeklies 😭
Agreed. I liked the deleted version better.
Sounds based
Strap in for the strap on
i seriously think Nio is going to crush earnings on Tuesday. weeklies finna print
Please sober up before applying ASAP.  The ceiling thing is huge bonus though.  I’m  a big fan of those.
Wish you lock retard. Srs the day jack ma dies is the day the stock moon because CCP will give Alibaba its full support.
This may be stupid, but where is the Price down button?
Simple just sell puts. If it goes bankrupt no shares, so no sale lol
Cool story bro
China is different than US. I think that factors into this
these people know nothing

worse, they dont even know that they know nothing
Weak gains 😭
[deleted]
HCAC
20 1/15 calls @2.51
30 4/15 calls @3.15
Now you’ve met the most.
Fucking pussy. Make some yolo calls on SOLO
Top confirmed, selling ASAP
What fucking stimulus?
no brother I will buy 430 calls after my 360p pays off XD
Hell yeah mf asain elon taking this sub to tendie town
Lol hmu too
Puts. 🙏
May Andrew Left bless u
Citron’s short report on LK: Everything is fake, sales aren’t real, they’re liars, frauds, charlatans. 

Short report on NIO: I like this company but imo price is too high.
That was my point they care about their control and maintaining power. They clearly don’t care about their citizens. 

Ha yes. Calls on cigarette companies here.
The key is to not let one party control all branches of govt
How much is the rent asshole 

Shit anything over 3k they fucking u
Down
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOTSSSSSSSSS
Roger that
Then Google didn't Start until 2004. Before then it was just a hobby of two PhD students and a professor.  Facebook wasn't a company until they IPOed, before then they were just a college student's hobby.

&#x200B;

PLTR filed with the SEC in 2003. You don't do that if you are just a hobby.
Haha right after the fluid in your headlights
[deleted]
Your future doesn't sound so bright 🤣
It’s math not pseudoscience. It tells you what a stock has been doing in the recent past. Don’t make your trading decisions on TA alone.
No reply, i think we have our answer
Because it's the opposite - IV is calculated from prices.
You know anyone personally who died from it?
[deleted]
Dawg that's my dog
Pussy
Yeah I'm just saying market has some momentum right now, let SPY hit ATH then short
Some of us?? You must be new here
I'm not playing with 2 week options on a super volatile stock so I don't need to time shit.
Word. I was saw that post too and this guy is making 60k and somehow managed to save 100k at 25. He made a mistake but he’s definitely learned through that process and he’s a lot farther than most people at that age.
fuck no i’m autistic not tasteless who the fuck watches the office?
I’m not hopping on but I promise you I’ll be happy for all of you call holders if it does.
Photoshop or inspect element
[deleted]
I thought you banning me
Now be my wife’s boyfriend!
[deleted]
Well, his description reads:

>Hedge fund manager investing in emerging markets | Yale Online Class of 1942 | Divorced 9 times | Old account deleted at 42 million followers

Sounds like a certified autist
Fuck this retard
Make sure she has joined WSB.  She needs to stay up-to-date with stocks
tf? i have $285 calls 11/27

&#x200B;

and ur tellin me this shet aint gonna go up til next year???

fk me looks like i have to wait for one of those popcorn pops when it hits 270ish and sell me calls
this is some of the most retarded DD per $ risked i’ve read here

good luck
Please adopt me.
bruh
yeah, those fuckers are loud too. nature can be loud
Good mentality actually
I listened and took out some profit. Smh
The bubble pops when people want to dump the overinflated asset & buy something else. In this case theres nothing else to buy; the money is going where it does the most good, and theres nothing to pull it out for
Friday at eod would’ve been the play but I believe it’ll rise next week
Sorry, there is no red or green on this chart and it is not a robbin hood screen shot, I got lost. Can someone explain it?
Thank you for spelling you're correct.

Ps. I'm jealous.

If I spent a little more time investing and a little less time thinking about grammar, I wouldn't be here looking for stock tips.
RobinHood should let me sync earnings dates with my calendar. 
Keeping track of this shit should be effortless. 


Too bad they turned me down for [Creative Director](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1301624858967711745?s=21).
Advice is worth what you pay for it.
[deleted]
It’s because the two negatives multiply and turn into a positive. The math speaks for itself
😂 I’m not sure that it’s legal. I will post some DD on your comment in a few. I’m on a cell phone right now but i’ll type up the highlights in a few.
It means if you dont learn to take profits along the way, you'll eventually go broke. 

Same shit happened to me in June. Pigs get slaughtered. You're still in the game though. Got some good earnings this week. Let's get this fuckin money!
P or c?
Ciao
Give me a weekly strike mfker so I can sell them to u retard
floor to window ceilings

wat
You press the price down and there is a list of options
Damn you got mad little boy
[deleted]
Sub too bearish on EV.
who da fook r u
r/wheredidthesodago is a fucking gold mine
Ban
Well... You dead?
Buyden
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-16 03:12:55 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-16%2003:12:55%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju75jv/my_grandma_bought_500_shares_of_pltr_please_dont/gcbw0rp/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju75jv%2Fmy_grandma_bought_500_shares_of_pltr_please_dont%2Fgcbw0rp%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-16%2003%3A12%3A55%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju75jv)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I’ll use another account. No one cares
It really just depends, man.
Lookin at TSLA, thinking about some calls 3 weeks out
I told my grandpa to buy amd when it was under $3 a share and he told me I just wanted to do that cause I liked them. 
  
I never shut up about that.
Hold on imma sell them to you asap
If  mods tell me to stop I will 

But you ain’t a mod
Whenever you’re feeling extra dumb just remember people will still be buying NIO calls on Monday at open.
RemindMe! 1 Day
Had a woodpecker come and try to drill a hole in the siding of the house. stupid fuck would arrive 5am smashing his retarded beak over and over, sounded like someone trying to use a power drill.
I’d say that because of how low rates are right now none of the megacaps are really that overvalued, probably just slightly

Will look at amazon again but imo Apple is probably the most overpriced
You trying to buy their company or what?
Some of you people on this sub need to learn how to sell when you have gains.
I think ur off by a decimal place
[deleted]
Interesting yet not interesting at the same time.
[deleted]
I really believe this is going to happen. January SPY puts bought end of December could be some crazy lottos. Only risk of waiting is we lockdown sooner..
Because I realized I was spamming by complaining about the chess spam lol
I have it
You haven't accounted the one caveat that will ensure it will stay down: winnie the pooh
NIO will fill $60 next week bro, just hop the fuck on
AMZN $3240 & $3200
Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio. Nio.
Alex Karp faces pedophilia allegations
Python
[removed]
This is some good shit, I hope you print. Please post gain/loss porn when it’s over.
Must be in the O paygrade
For me it’s trackpad all the way
not cheap since its a $20 stock
nio gonna pull an LK next week
So many articles came out on so many different blogs about Citron being a notorious short seller just as NIO stock price began to fall. It felt super sketchy and looked like some pretty obvious manipulation.
I'm looking cold storage and transport
Good lord. I searched and it cost them $15 million per episode. Maybe I will use some street artist. Lol
[removed]
NIO 11/20 60c
Having 120k life savings to lose at the age of 25 is a win in itself
I feel like you made a great bear case and then bought a call option but good luck buddy that’s a lot of cheddar I’m rooting for you.
Don’t think a lot of people will subscribe to that. Battery swapping is something you do when you’re in a pinch. Most people driving ev’s will find a means to charge it at home.
Kinda like how I feel about NIO right now
[deleted]
Not sure, but I only saw them after Friday
Best of luck my man!
Let's see how his case progresses first. If it gets worse, there's a very good case for shorting it.
FREE JOE EXOTIC
[deleted]
[deleted]
So vote republican. Got it.
Cup and handle
If you had your own business any money you spend on it is a cost of doing business, same thing with trading, it’s not a loss it’s a cost of doing business
Ask *Jody
Is Covid deadly?
Does your feet smell after hiking?
The only one that’s a bit rich is AMZN. But can’t argue with that last point.
So do I. Mine are March 150 calls.
So this means puts on TSLA because they are building a factory in China that will be useless?
Didn't they go private at $6.50 a share?
NIOOOOOO
No?
[deleted]
The sued news was all before Friday right?
I've been there man, lost 80k and I don't make anywhere near what you make. Things will be ok with time. You'll bounce back trust me.
whats your target price for BA
Sure. Why not post it here so all can benefit?
AMZN $3275 11/20
Cost you a lot more than 10 mil
Godspeed
Okay 🤝
[deleted]
[deleted]
lmao right. Maybe you could learn something who knows?
What is that a KKK meeting?
Why buy puts right now? Let it simmer for a bit.
Gotta lose money to make money
Agree, there could be a short squeeze. Good luck timing it.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**BABA**|**$290**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-02-19**|**$12.92**|**$260.84**|**16401**|**269**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhijjmyzicnt07514owy2su4) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/water_boat/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Keep going daddy
If it makes you feel better, know that autistic lost more
How the hell did you aggregate this data.
The photo paper is made by a brand licensee named c&a marketing.
🥴
[deleted]
That’s 240k no? Where’s the extra 150k?
To you
Too lazy to go through but what kind of weeklies did yall autists buy so I can sell them to you
If I make 10 million profits trading, the first thing I will do it remake the final season of Game of Thrones. I am still pissed at that. Hopefully it will happen sooner as I don’t want to cast dragon queen when she is sixty year old hag.
I’m never going into the woods again after playing RDR2. Never know when some cannibals got you hostage. 😩
....nice
the more I think about it,I think I'm just gonna play Monday and jump out Tuesday. I'm either gonna jump back in with calls or puts depending on the direction. Once it reaches the bottom,I'm gonna load up with calls for December.  this thing has a lot of potential to rise to 60 and further, just not now. It's clear that NIO is more for Long plays.
Also, think of the recurring revenue with that subscription base!
Need more than 10m. Need at least $200m.

Although I agree and will fund this with you. Jon Snow, the TARGARYEN WOLF becomes king. Night King doesn’t get taken down by a little girl. Daenerys dies off screen.
Puts on moderna then
Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. With the Trump administration on the way out, I don't think they're going to fail or anything, but it's more likely the growth is going to substantially slow. Over time, as the government realizes it can hire its own data scientists and have them implement its own analytics infrastructure, I don't think they'll keep their edge.
No the first think u will do is pay the irs 3-4 million or else your ass will go to jail
SPY to Alpha Centauri
NIO 50c 11/27
[deleted]
They don’t tell you the hard thing about trying not to be egotistical is realizing most people are losers
Respect
Just 500...
I probably gained 5+ years of retirement this summer not being retarded for once
Time in the market beats timing the market. If you bought 10k on Amazon on ipo it would be worth around 27M today.
Underrated comment
You can have your 360 put after these 430 calls of mine pay off
Hold it and/or write $6 strike calls.  You'll be fine. Relax and smoke a fatty.
OwO~~
[deleted]
[deleted]
In China and crowded cities people don’t have garages where you can charge your car. Battery swapping is ideal but I wouldn’t say game changing. It’ll just add a little profits imo.
NIO gonna rip this week buy those calls
I'll tell you but first you need to gather up a box of grid squares and put some winter air in my tires.
Masayoshi is one of us
[deleted]
Anyone here use mullvad as VPN? 

I've heard it's like tunnel bear but much faster. I've been a tb user for 2 years and thinking of switching
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
HAHA it's Reddit, Don't you have to deliver food to people with money?
Black Monday confirmed
I want to root 4 u but u do know that mango helped this stonk out

and once hes out of the office and with a vaccine next year...
When do your contracts retire?
If I make 10 million profits trading, the first thing I will do it remake the final season of Game of Thrones. I am still pissed at that. Hopefully it will happen sooner as I don’t want to cast dragon queen when she is sixty year old hag.
Seems prone to large up and down price changes which is good for buying options. It will probably peak somewhere in the low $120's then plummet $20 and repeat with slightly higher peak and dip. Downside is the expensive premium.
Its the weekend thread there new jack
Why’d you delete all the other virus spam?
Fuck off this sub. Go to r/investing with the rest of the bitch boys
I would agree with you if the short attack came from a reputable source, but it came from citron, which hold NO WEIGHT.
naw

i know exactly whats going to happen
Just saw this post of 25 year old guy losing 120k of his life savings. I was feeling absolutely terrible for losing 1k, I can only imagine how this guy is feeling. I would rather put my money into shitcoin which I actually believe in rather than playing options. No more options for me.
Well as someone who’s culture doesn’t include going into a forest to die because even though my government isn’t corrupt surely something is going wrong, I guess we just see some things different
i've got 5k riding on some WMT fd's rn loll
with the amount of calls expiring on 11/20, you may get your wish
Whats to stop the fed from just printing & buying foreign companies?
A business is a thing that has value, in the form of equity. If you don't think the underlying business has any value, don't buy the stock. If the business is making money each year or each quarter, then the value of the stock will reflect those discounted cash flows.

You are only a bag holder if it is losing money. Do your due diligence.
Jeez tell us how you really feel...
Speaking of not being able to operate a phone I like how you fucked up with the highlighter, then went over it with marker (still transparent) and screenshotted anyway. 

74801037

Anyway enjoy walking around your bachelor pad shirtless taking swigs from a milk jug or whatever single elderly people do.
NIO leaps are still cheap if you’re into that
6-9

[https://chess.org/play/d8422d7f-c2e5-4666-ab52-e870c3cf843d](https://chess.org/play/d8422d7f-c2e5-4666-ab52-e870c3cf843d)
those 4 probably still overvalued, plus the other 80% of the indexes suck-- in SPY is all zombie companies and in the Qs its all meme stocks
Wrong. Only started being an actual company around 2010. Before it was more of just a hobby thing.
Bullshit
My thing is most people aren’t using their cars to drive 800km in a day and it’s more convenient to just plug in ur car overnight then it is to go get a battery switched at a battery station
Im with ya
Ballsy - knowing my brokerage, I would have probably picked up a marker order when it bottomed out. Congrats.
“It was $5 and people still complain I told them to buy it.  Well I’m SORRY!!”
Sounds like it's time to go back to 35k
I'm fine now...
Just dumped a Chipotle burrito bowl.


Whew
[removed]
I only ask bc sometimes a company might have a crazy week and uoa will pop up and people will comment something along the lines of like huge volume on “this option” and the replies will read something along the lines of “could be a hedge”.
Show us on the doll where nio touched you
[removed]
[deleted]
...hes saying that cus pluto is the destination
What?
Hibbett Sports is publicly traded?
This guy hides his amount invested because it is tiny 

Ban
$53*
Which one of you autists did this https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJxd9h5q/
If Pton hits 130 next week I'll be giving all WSBers a ride in my lambo
Yes
Have you, really? We all still haven’t.
How the fuck did you have 140k at 25 years old
Cya next pay period
Haha you think some loser on WSB get's me mad.
Nah, I def voted Trump.

Why? I want 4 more years of free tendies. Twitter is the real MVP for making Big Orange Move the market for us.
You can swap a battery in 5 min you can't get a 300km charge in 5 min..
You never heard of a short squeeze or you think shorts alway make the price decrease?
Do stocks usually gap up first thing on Mondays or it depends on wether futures was red or green ? Trying to get out of some EV plays to mitigate damage
u can actually die from the combo just FYI
1037am
You’re relying on the probability every government finally stopped being corrupt and got something right
[deleted]
Nah didn’t come here for your shit advice. Came here to laugh at you
Market buy, crashing too quick to set a limit. 100 contracts
I don’t remember at what price of oil they fell below apple I just remembered they did but either way I’m sure Apple surpasses them in the near future
weekend dow
As you should my king! Just listen to their bickering and plan your moves accordingly.

Maybe get a couple laughs
Sigh it's my problem to. Holding 1k+ shares. Looking to put another 5k in and biting the bullet is hard but I really think this thing is going to pay long term and I'm one of those people who can wait.
Sell that now!
We landed on the moon?
Sold my $42c 11/27 on Friday during the 10:30 crash cuz I got scared and came out with just $300 profit. If I sold it just 20 mins before I would have had a $1000 profit. Holding my $30c 2/19/21 until expiry tho and my shares averaging $4.69 forever
[deleted]
[removed]
I wanna see noobs get fucked so bad with nio$ 

PLEASE !!!! World give me this 😫😫😫
Idk why the fuck they don't buy quality defense, feel bad for de gea too. Dude always gets the blame
What the fuck does this mean
All I know is my gut says maybe
ah yeah. I’ve noticed that mostly so far. So hedges are not generally something people are concerned about when looking at high volume uoa?
most doctor visits do not require you to physically be there. They can send prescriptions electronically and you can explain symptoms over the phone. Teledoc is completely disrupting healthcare. Not to mention they now have livongo which was already killing it. On top of that they are collecting massive amounts of data. Shit can’t go tits up in this era bro.
I build customs little boy. You must have voted Biden Hahahaha
The thing is... which direction lol
Just suck some cock bro that will help
The equivalent name to Warren is Varun in India
Thank you for watching I really appreciate it!
I like how mad you get.
yep, focus on the money...  Now, when some jagoff family member or friend starts bitching about whatever culture war they're waging that week and asks for my opinion, I just reply with "I don't don't care unless I can make money from it."
Dang, 213k profit gone
I have some great dd if you’d like me to dm it to you?
Well I’m thankful you at least watched it. Sorry you guys don’t agree with their methods but thankful I get to share my work.
Ik i love bruno pity our defense is ass lol
\>   how most of America spends wayyyy too much a year of their income.

not an accident. If the poor start winning, the rules of the game change again
hell yea brother
Vig is really low for a casino
What race was I being racist too or is minority a race of people?
Does anyone actually know what nio wants to do? From my understanding they don’t want charging stations where you can charge your own car they want battery stations where your battery gets switched essentially providing a battery subscription service. This sounds retarded to me when you could just plug in a Tesla at home but what do I know
You’re not wrong at all.
BREAKING: Adam Neuman to be the next CEO effective immediately
Too obv, inverse
[deleted]
Positions or ban...
I bought calls on Quilted Northern
[removed]
Try to stay away from pills your future self will thank you. Weed and alcohol all you need. Occasional coke. And mushrooms. Maybe LSD once every few years. No pills though.
I, personally, invest in Boeing, Raytheon, and Lockheed Martin so I can sleep at night. If poor brown children are going to be murdered by the empire, it may as well be with the best weapons and guidance systems money can buy.
I bought $2 calls 2022s at 1.20 stock price. All you idiots said I was insane and retarded. When it jumped to 2.5 I sold at profit of 1.5k. nothing better than proving these autists wrong. Nothing worse than selling early to prove profit was possible instead of playing the long game.
I made a 200% return on my investment with my NIO calls, don’t be sorry. On to the next.
Oh you were "meming" while being racist. FUCK OFF loser!
All day
Getting free BRK.A share from robinhood would be aquivalent to getting a Dragon Lore in CSGO matchmaking
Anyone holding NLS calls?
[deleted]
Dame Reddit gonna ban u now 😖😫😯
Say what you want, Empire trains are always on time.
Where can I look at weekend futures
[deleted]
Nice work. What are your current positions
Walmart 200 by March
Hoping WMT goes to Saturn this week after earnings.
Not really but cool if that synopsis makes you feel better go for it
OG homie right here using FD terminology. Respect.
The first time you blow up and market rallies like crazy and you have no cash
how's that any different from investing in gun stocks when riots start? Fuck morals. Tendies all the way.
No one took my job I was memeing. I’m very happy with my life while clearly you need to project to strangers
Ok call me on your obamaphone if you want some life advice little boy
Yes
What did I just read
Good luck 👍
[deleted]
beijing biden won so probably not
The biggest weighting in QQQ and SPY is AAPL MSFT AMZN and FB. You can’t even begin to compare their revenue generation and balance sheet with any other company on earth.
Nah, if these mortgages go bad, this company gonna be so fucked their ticker will be changed to FKT.
I mean you could at least try watching it before shitting on it but go off I guess
Don’t do that, sleep is important
Great price rn for BABA!
I used to be a left leaning guy then I realized both sides are retarded. The politicians most likely don’t even give a shit about the issues, they’re just like everyone trying to get ahead. So just live your life and try to make as much money as possible.
Go for it man, trading on memes is the only way to go. When you think about it, numbers are gay, and change all the time. Even your bank account is just a number. Memes are forever
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/e7a1vs/tsla_is_about_to_go_through_the_roof_in_2020_are/fa04iqb/)*
Sneaky bastards lol
Hasn't been fun for the last.... decade and a half or so.
Cuz we haven’t been there yet obviously everyone knows that
Sir, this is a casino
Your grandma is pretty cool
wax pen?
[removed]
Lmao, I only see that as good growth potential. They have plenty of things to work on and their community is hyped for every new feature or fix.
Holding short date faggies through the weekend really kills your weekend, praying for Monday.
I was in the delivery industry 20 years idiot. Go "deliver rich people food" to people like me that "took your job". I'm a day trader now.
Taxes u stupid fuck 

Irs gonna come for u
Yes.
On a long enough time line the survival rate for everything drops to zero.
Riiight...that wouldn't make sense...you know there's gonna be somethin in it for them;
True UOA is frequently tied to an event. Earnings, production numbers, product release, conference etc etc
Snap gonna go out of style like MySpace,fb and aim messenger.
Alex Karp is wearing a wig
dec 11 tesla 360p Im scared
lol he got lucky this life already.. next family will be in Bangladesh
“Moonshot” is a phrase
I was eyeing $NIO at that time while getting pick-pocketted in the micro NQs. I literally had the urge, some nagging feeling, to drop the whole account on NIO. But I thought, "Nah, too risky!".   The algos in the futures are vicious. Do not attempt at all. Honestly, I have better odds of finding my winners here in the good ol' WSB!
Shittron said the same on tsla and plug. Look where they at now.  
Also, there was a post on Unusual Whales that were were 5M of 50C calls expiring 11/13. Of course it's the retards of WSB that'll do that.  
How "magical" for shittron to come up with the post that same day, appearing as if they have godly power, on top of any anti-CCP bias.
how does it compare to LSD? i saw the universe on LSD and i thought it was pretty out of this world. the images are burned in my brain for life
sorry to hear that
[deleted]
Why does everyone says “XYZ” to the moon. Why not say “XYZ” to Pluto or something far far away.
I guess the first option but you never ultimately know who is buying. Sometimes orders are broken down, and are not presented fully to order book (iceberg).
I bet she's a boomer
How would you compare to Witcher 3
Boy, does it!
[deleted]
Bruno is straight 🔥 tho. Wish he had a team that actually wants to compete, around him lol
Sorry...bookoo
Unity is still used heavily for independent/low budget/indie game development, although there are other options out there, it does stick out as a "beginners" first engine to develop in. But when I used it back in the day it was buggy so of course I'd recommend puts
[deleted]
Seems to be a faster path to a ban, so there’s that.
Put the 150 moving average on the SPY chart, if SPY is above it don't buy puts it's a bull market lol
You gonna be so rich..hold through earnings 60 EOW
Imagine thinking you'd catch me paying a mortgage for a shit cookie cutter gingerbread house you plastered together with a bunch of hasbeen mexican bob the builders.


Where else can I do my side hustle blowies rent free? The corner is pricey these days.
32
WSB: a day in the life.

I love this sub. In January I started taking this sub more seriously. Helped me go from 60% gains in 5 years of stocks to 500% in 3 months in options. In April I went down to -10% all time. Since then went +/-40% every month. Still have original cash investment so goal is to post gain porn of going to Valhalla, Hell then back again. God I hate this sub.
Bro thanks for awarding my cock pic
Woof
Hm. I appreciate the concern. But this is the time to be aggressive. Leverage to the tits on huge dips. I don’t have that much money to lose so now’s the time for me to be risky 😂
Hahaha yeah
Google it
We are fighting the same battle just on opposite ends
gucci
Same situation but next time you’ll learn to take profits/cash out
Ha! I fucked up and sold my commons around $28 I think. I’m just trying to save people money. People on Reddit can’t move stock prices or sway the market. Making posts for personal gain is pointless.
doing all my homework tomorrow so I can focus on my plays on Monday
No :( 

It’s a constant fight bro
[deleted]
Imagine having emotions lol
Only a canadian can conceive such a fuckery
[deleted]
Challenge: what headline would specifically sink PLTR?
Close the economy so I can load up on a ton of puts make bank then average wayyyy down on stock I’m long on. I would be so happy
Its ok it was only fake colorful plastic money
Still gotta carry out down the long hallway to your apartment...


And please don't tell me that you do not live in an apartment!


90 percent of CHWY customers live in shitty apartments that smell like piss.
Calls on bruno getting 20 penos this year
If we stand up and put our arms up high, he'll think we're big and run away.
Rough season for both of us. Hah.
ION
Can confirm a gay bear on NIO based on OP's history. We good.
Cramer made me money on YETI, PINS, GRWG. He makes you money more than doesn’t
Bulls are mad
[deleted]
Haha if you can't take it don't dish it, I'm in the best career and I can do this all day, I asked a simple question sorry
Asking for a friend does jelqing work?
NIO is the next TSLA, ACB is the next NIO.
Keep searching desperately for someone to validate your existence since the money didn’t seem to help.
Wait till these guys learn about IV
Depressed after going from 4k to 35k back to 4k... smh
owls r loud af
Haha “buy shares and not calls” and “hold it for the squeeze!”
I had a fiend who had his balls go inside his stomach when a soccer ball hit him there 

He said he felt like he was drowning 

And has insane anxiety 😟 

He had so many bugers coming out his nose when he was in pain in the floor
I own my own company. I understand in your brain it’s hard to have conversations where you own something and have control but not everyone is a slave to someone else. And I don’t mean my boring food delivery when I have nothing else to do for 40 an hr I mean an actual company licensed by the state.
No I definitely posted it in the right place
So what do I buy?
Feel bad for you bro. You are still young. High risk high rewards stocks are better than options IMO. Put that rest 20k into stocks like BYND (this is a multi bagger stocks IMO), and also little part of it into shitcoin (who knows you can become a millionaire with shitcoin).
Dang good luck though!
A testicle in the anus
In 6 months I want to see your loss, and you better not hold out
Try buying stock instead for a few months, unless you're a gay bear of course
[deleted]
Hold my calls and shares for SE earnings??!?!? HELP!!!!!!
once the fear settles, it will spring back up
[deleted]
Ur saying the iv crush would’ve made u $900? Cause it’s only down .10%
Fundamentals also don’t support QQQ/SPY all time highs lmao
One. Two. Three. Crunch.

Three.
I own commons. There is a clear path to $130 but it’s just guessing after that. Hard to trade options on IPO’s.
He got back a Ct of 26 , so that's pointless in his case , atleast
If tech dumps hard next week, im definitely picking up SQ
What we thinking about amazon and tech short term? I’m thinking BIGLY green, but I’m biased because I own 15 shares... thoughts from you guys? Bears/Bulls?
what stock/spac to all in shares for 2021?

besides mainstream dogshit like NIO and PLTR
How many little kids could the average dude beat up
I bought nio 50p fd at the top on friday

ride it out?
So go use your big brain to get it done
Hindsight is 20/20.
PLEASE GYNA EV LIKE NIO  AND LI 

DO A LUKIN COFFEE !!! PLEASE 😭😭😖🥺

I BEG U 

THE ENTERTAINMENT THAT WOULD BRING TO WSB 

WOULD CURE DEPRESSION!!

WOULD USHER A NEW AGE OF “ HO LEE FUK” 

PLEASE !!! 

I LOVE SEEING NOOBS GET REKT AND NEW PORN STARS DO ANAL GAPE
[deleted]
i sell at 10%
Definitely a retard. A retard with a gambling addiction.
#virus detected, nobody click these chess.org links 🚨

flagged by my browser
Right on the nose
Thanks for your insights! I never play weeklies but typically do monthlies 2-3 months out. I like the idea of leaps and have capital just never knew how to choose, since the usual indicators (IV, volume, spread) are so similar between 1 yr out and 2 years out. Thanks again!
The market couldn't care less if we have 1,000 cases or 100k cases per day as long as the economy stays open.
No. The acquisition news is not the play. I don’t know how you haven’t understood that after hearing it three times, so I have to assume you have brain damage. Best of luck bud!
Yep
When’s deadline to merge ?
Imagine thinking that is all I’m worth. I build houses. I provide for my community. You sit in your moms basement
sorry for your loss tho bro.. everybody have a plan till they get punched in the mouth
You saved $120k by 25 with a $60k/year job? That’s impressive.
Jim Cramer tells you to buy moderna at the absolute top and when people call him out on it, he brings up his Apple pick ten years ago.
So Puts on NIO?
It's called buying the rumor, good sir
Exactly! I’m young and clearly stupid but this is for sure a learning experience. Looking at it that way makes the losses more bearable (fuck the bears).
GGMU
BAN
I thought you said "I will make plenty of $ in your lifetime" since this is wsb LOL
[deleted]
If you’re not all in NIO 11/20 calls you’re not doing this right
Time to go deliver expensive cold chain store food to rich people as neighborhood shops close up while being essential enough to hit my pen and be on the road with my papers saying it’s okay to be outside. Wish me luck cucks
Stripe or dump ?
Granny has balls of titanium
I bought 500 more 5 minutes before that breathtaking piece of writing came out
I thought AMD would be much higher
Right on, will try. GL
Did you even look at the ev dongs you were investing in?
Look if you're going to get offended so easily then 1) you chose the wrong career & 2) you should stop posting on this sub.

Found the nonner.
Me too dude, thats why I'm all in on Walmart. Ethical investing, make your dollar matter
People are wising up to the fact that if you sell your house with a traditional realtor you bank 10-15% more. That is massive. I hate real estate but I would consider it if they had more traction than this. Seems to be valued like a tech company but I don't see the potential. May pop short term. If consider taking profits.
Let’s go get some coffee bro. We can talk about how none of this shit matters.
It’s the WSB way. Buy calls after huge rallies and puts after substantial dips.
His grandma is cool
Hopefully you're the world's leading specialist on the subject.
Pretty soon we’re gonna view option trading the same way
I like it because it can't die. Microsoft pays a dividend, tiny, but also has huge inertia. Literally everyone uses it and will use it for 20 years. It is not going anywhere for 20+years. This it is a very safe investment. The fact it is already so huge means it should not be that volatile. So sell calls/puts out of the money and there is a good chance they expire worthless.
Ok, 1 quarter = 4 dollars. So therefore 1 quarter in a year = 4 months.
There are if they play Theta.
Is there anyone worse then Jim Cramer? His political takes are retarded, his positions are spineless, the guy consistently tells people to buy at absolute tops. His excuse is how many winners he’s had yeah no shit when you do it for 20 years, most of which are bull markets you’ll have some winners.
I’m trying to teach cucks like you. But you are doomed. Keep looking for that $1200 in the mail
[deleted]
A testicle prolapsed through your anus
[deleted]
lol i thought he gonna say that "i finally admit to myself that i am a retard"
Aw damn bro, yeah if you had only sold the calls and held the puts for a couple hours longer you would have pulled the hat trick. But hey better to live to fight another day.
[removed]
Can confirm I am house
Yeah old Virginia money ...
Hahah ya pretty much I just got into that mindset of “I can win it all back” and realized I realistically probably can’t at least with what I was doing. I’ve actually started a new account with Webull 2 weeks ago that is going nicely so far. I’m using less capital (blew it all on RH). And I’m actually seeing great returns so far. Will hopefully have an update post in a few months 👍🏼
Your boss hired that "minority" over you.
Wait. Did Left really say Luckin Coffee’s SP will double? How does anyone take this guy seriously.
Loaded quite some weekly, monthly and Jan spy puts, spxs 5c and vxx 30c. Just a feeling that this is the week.
I like this story. ur very considerate
AIDS is so 80s.
saudi national oil co.  The thing is the float is tiny and saudis pressured wealthy families into buying
You tell us then
No, I totally get the play.  

I made the play Nov 5th when I got a push notification of the acquisition news, then sold my position on a GTC order the 9th when APHA popped.

You think the same news is going to cause the same pop, again?
The company that tunes German cars?
[deleted]
It is garbage
YNWA
Nah, you've done enough yourself.
Inverse
Fuck yeah
There is actually no way to tell
Autist confirmed
Nervous about those 11/20 puts huh?
I was wondering if this was a ECG for someone with v fib.
6-8

[https://chess.org/play/eb1888db-3639-47c8-96e1-e8d89a325430](https://chess.org/play/eb1888db-3639-47c8-96e1-e8d89a325430)
What's more painful, a retracted testicle, or a prolapsed anus?



I think I have both...
Only if the stock does. Stocks only go up, right????
If you bought puts 📉

If you wrote OTM puts to sorry bears 💰
Most people here have little understanding on how tech works, how technology is implemented across difference industries, and all of these naissances in contracts.  This is not going to be the 250 billion dollar giant many here make it out to be. I suspect they top out in today dollars at 100 billion at their peak with potential slow growth to 150 billion if they expand their non legacy commercial business (not to legacy automotive/aerospace).
Never played calls on MCD, but I've been holding shares since the last recession.  Bought a bit more when it dipped with the solid earnings.  It's a solid long term boomer investment.
B/c many bought in dec 2017 and they’re waiting till 100k dec 2021 to fomo
Surprised you even know what it is
Should I buy puts for 11/20?
Granny probably needed to change her diaper after earnings. I almost shat myself too
Look at this cuck going after my grammar on a bullshit app. I am here to laugh at you. You’re appeasing me as we type
I remember this from bodybuilding.com
The only protein spiking in me is before I bust a nut. It’ll stay that way
I’ll leave a candy can colored dildo in there for you
What screener do you use?
In 5 years, would you want to own shares of CVS? For me thats a hard no
Did he say fundamentals? Bro it’s 2020.
No judgement I am equally retarded sir
I think you meant to post on r/gaybros
Yes chef
Would low open interest indicate they possibly know something or is this a indicator that it’s a hedge for something else?
I got into SOLO at the top cuz a stranger on wsb told me to. Roast me.
F
you hear that gay bears, we will just use regulation to make bear markets illegal, fuck you
I like it. I was thinking that there's no way this stock stays public. It has to go private at some point. Fking dolan family owns this shit. Big surprise.
TSP is garbage returns, sell it and buy PLTR, AMD Calls with long expiry, your welcome. plan for an early DD-214 cuz you’ll be too rich
Isn’t that how it works? Or do you wish to be in the majority and still be treated like a minority? Is all the media not enough for you? The culture will tell you to blow your money on conglomerates anyways, what more do you need?
Yeah, generally after the first time you get fucked hard it goes away. This is why boomers say to diversify.
Sell covered calls!
Yes hahaha not my proudest moment
I have a story. My favorite thing about camping is laying in my tent at night hearing the animals around me. One night on the Appalachian Trail I was in my tent and this owl landed on a tree branch right above my tent. It started hooting. It was really loud, but awesome! The fucking thing hooted non-stop for like 30 minutes. It was cool and beautiful for the first 5 minutes, but after that I was thinking about scaring it away cause I couldn't sleep! I didn't because I thought that would be wrong of me to make it leave when I'm in his home, you know? That's not right. Eventually I went to sleep anyway. The End.
no man, its about balance, 30k-40k $ in China is a price range for people to barely afford a "luxury car", the most basic models, brand at this price range is almost the most crucial part. Plus Papa Elon has a cult status in China as well. go look at the model 3 sales, its beating both EV and ICE cars left and right.
You’ve learned nothing from all of this my little cuck. Keep buying weeklies with your $1200 stimulus money Hahahaha. I build houses and worked my ass off pussyboy
I read the investigation is complete and they were not charged with insider trading.  This may be a genius play here.  They just need the PR to show they get the loan and they're clear.
And this is why I only started out with a small position in shares.  I'll buy more if it dips.
[deleted]
Craft beer has been in somewhat of a decline for probably 2ish years at this point, with people shifting to seltzers, canned cocktails, other FMBs, or away from alcohol. Hence breweries now trying to make seltzers or diversify otherwise. And you have people preferring local made beer to regional and national brands. Breweries are consolidating under collective monetary umbrellas (See: Canarchy, which stars Oskar Blues and Cigar City) and straight up selling out to big beer (see all the Annheiser Busch craft portfolio). Thinking about the state of the beer market and what might happen in the next 10 years, a lot of larger/older brewery owners who are keen on the renowned WSB strategy of *buy low / sell high* are probably thinking about how to sell right now. I would wager that is why they sold.

&#x200B;

With that said, I think we are years from Aphria being able to use Sweetwater in any kind of direct production sense, if ever. (Hopefully I'm wrong.) More than likely Aphria will have to open a separate business to produce THC infused beverages, but will be able to brand as Sweetwater, use established sales channels, and use mass-production techniques that are in Sweetwater's pocket. 

&#x200B;

There are other cannabis-beer partnerships that have been formed, but I think Sweetwater is an interesting choice as their products will come with a reputation as a "craft" brand. The first company to capture the "craft" consumer with widely distributed THC beverages is going to earn a lot of tendies. I think Aphria is going after that idea.

 

Holding shares / Jan 2021 $5c trololo
Stimmy will kill markets lol especially tech
Check
Damn. Look at the big balls on brad.
There are some things to look at like open interest. Weird to see large volume where normally there is none.
By attire you mean the helmet I need to wear
Hey I don’t got time to read that. Let’s make things easy for me. Is the ceo hot, and does he have a Twitter?
Cuz it's when our calls or puts expire.
They are hoping, it’s going to be probably by end of the week
>Solid. Tight.
That’s above our means here at wsb.
I’m 12 years old and what is this?
... until more stimmy and then it will be another round of 'bears are fukt'.
nice username
I was gonna keep it as DD but I remembered I don’t have ms paint on my phone so I changed it
At open I had 47c 49c 49p 46p 43p, all expiring 11/13

Sold everything within 15 minutes of open. I was up since I got out of the puts first. Kicking myself now because if I’d kept them I would have made so much bank.
Apparently just retards that don't know how a fucking TSP works.
Man it takes every bit of me to not yolo half my portfolio (sitting at 10k) into spy 0dte/2dtes lol
We’re not violent like you retards on the left, sorry. Hilarious how all the boarded up stores took down the protection when the incentive was a Biden win. 😂 “Violent”...get the fuck out of here you fucking loser😂😂
If i tell someone i trade stock options they look at me like im a genius but if i say i buy bichoin i look like a 🤡 why?
😳
Why’s everyone predicting moderna news Monday
I just got anxiety from micro dose as well as a few others I know who have tried, like .20 gram
Jokes on you I’m UNEMPLOYED
Anyone who has that urge should read about the dunning-kruger effect
I gotta stop reading these threads. I make plans, read something here that makes me afraid, or worse - makes me FOMO. And of course I just lose while my original plan may have been a winner (but my own ideas lose a lot too).
15 moose
Any EPL fans? Longtime Arsenal fan here.
considering im homeless, nope.
>Look thick.
You'll end up with the same result as 90% of WSB
Thank you brother this will FOR SURE help my situation
You can withdraw before 12/10 I think the date is with no penalties because of COVID.
What is it with these flairs? I missed the memo.
Its called a massage with a happy ending.
good question. no idea
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Calls on TSLA

**URL:** https://redd.it/jueg4l
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jueg4l) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ggc007, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
InfamousBreadfruit99
OverpricedBagel
unfortunately that’s not enough to justify it going back up. I think it will go down before it goes up again. Definitely buying low though. Ive noticed share holders LOVE to show this rule off when they’re blood red in their portfolio and lost big. It’ll come back man but this rule alone isn’t enough for it to go up. I believe it needs to cool off before it goes back to ATH. Sorry for your loss you’ll make it back if you wait it out 🤙🏼
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
No.
Some people go to clubs to have fun. You lose money health and sleep doing that. Atleast option autism only costs money!
I live in south Florida, if there is a hurricane I am fucked because all the fast charging stations will be used up during an evacuation. Hell when I travel to Orlando they are all used up now, and I have to sit and wait 45 minutes to then wait 45 minutes. Battery swap would be awesome for me.

Also they updated the model 3 range, so now I cant just upgrade my battery for a newer tech one... I have to buy the WHOLE FUCKING CAR AGAIN.
GM has the best selling car in China. LOL
Calls on Tums and Preparation H
Dam didn't know they let 13 year olds in here
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Alright I think this right here is enough evidence DD shouldn’t be auto stickied.
I can only speak for myself and the answer is NIO
I honestly think they might announce before Dec but yeah it’s a bit of a waiting game. It’s a pretty safe bet though
No virtual visits, but I've had success getting my doctor to prescribe me drugs after sending them messages through the portal with self-diagnosis rationale. Have done this a few times now, and I just get a message back saying, "I just send it in. Stay Healthy!!!!" Has saved me probably $200 in doctor's visits.
I was thinking of getting the HP reverb g2.
Sorry prostitution ain’t legal here :(
Nope haven’t touched pltr did flip some nio on Friday though ! https://imgur.com/a/Gg0H7Le
Someones jelqing tonight
Wait til mid December to buy Nio. It’s way overbought and iv too high. Let it settle down
I'm was in on Friday, but I heard they are getting sued. I'm a bit worry about my calls
How do you gauge if unusual option activity volume is possibly just a hedge?
Best of luck 👍 Play it conservatively.
😥
Feel like CHEWY is unfuckable.  Who wants to carry that heavy shit around?
Come on man
[deleted]
Eating some gelato
No one wants NIO, that's old news haha
Revenue growth doesn't matter when it is so small in absolute.  Google can decide to come in and crush them. Yes it does. It means they are slow. Their primary customers are slow to adopt modern technology. Their commercial targets are aerospace and legacy automotive. Their bread and butter is government and quasi-government. Big tech do not want to get into these sort of contracts. This is a good company to replace a legacy defense contractor company in your portfolio but it is not going to be a Tesla.
Don't forget your reflective belt
Stock, etf, mutual fund.. What sub am I in?
AApl = Coal in Stocking
Smh... don't you have a co-worker's spouse to fuck while he's deployed?  Get outta here
I'm sure you're very "prous" of yourself, despite being ugly.
Hell yeah I’ll check it out.
Totes
[deleted]
My brain tells me if they havnt isolated it yet they have a vaccine for it something is a miss
Imagine thinking 2 milly is worth bragging.

Anybody can have 2 million being a wage slave cuck at Wendy's with side blowies. 

Just learn to not blow your wad on useless shit.
Like 250,000 tendies
Can’t trade options? No wonder europoor.
I bought 2 1dte puts on Thursday and sold at a loss Friday morning when the stock opened up. Went out for a walk and came back to the stock was down 8%.... missed out on $1k+ at least. Not as bad as the time when I sold my VIX calls too early just for it to grow 10x by EOD back in June. I also doubled down on ours which costed me a fortune.
Question for those who have traded a long time: does the urge to dump your entire portfolio into one play ever go away?
It's just side money sitting in all those funds now, I'll let it baste
Unity dominates education and new programers. No other engine has had such appeal for the new programers to learn other than rpg maker or some gay shit.
Why are a bunch of 90 year olds from r/investing flexing here today? Coordinated attacks won’t convince anyone to give a fuck.
Curious why you like MSFT. Lower volatility for lower premiums but safer plays?
Get some
AES it is. BALLS IN!
Sell puts and get assigned. Then hold forever! Fuck Citron!
lmao, that's how much they charge?? But in your defense, they never tell us when to sell. So more (acceptedly) often than not, we make the right play but don't take tendies before it's too late and worse
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Another one the losers who mindlessly follow fintwit sub sellers. Fuck that shit. 15 years of work from 250k

**URL:** https://redd.it/jue3yp
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jue3yp) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/imuglyandprous, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
blackstealth7
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Yeah, you seem like you just don’t understand the play at all. 

It doesn’t need to be successful long term. The stock just needs to spike briefly. 

Also no, the acquisition is not the main part of the play. It says that in the post. This is a play based on likely momentum going into earnings + inauguration. 

Have a good one guy.
Those are mine too right?
https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/health/inslee-to-ban-indoor-gatherings-and-dining-plus-issue-more-covid-19-restrictions-for-washington-state-industry-sources-say/
Is there a way you can compile your portfolio into an ETF and allow me to short it for the next drop?
[deleted]
Mom can you pick me up I’m scared
Hoping the market tanks in December so I can buy more AUPH cheap before FDA approval in late Dec or January.
Airtight logic
That was my inspiration actually
Can't believe that market cap.  Used to play Dead Frontier until they switched over to 3D with Unity software.
WHAT DO YOU THINK EOW IS GONNA BE?
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A brain
Buy recovery in Jan at lows
Wtf are you talking about? The only gap is aaaaaallll the way down to 22.59. There’s absolutely no current reason that we would ever fill that gap. There would need to be catastrophic news on nio for it to fall that hard.
What do they do when their engine stops being the hot thing? I remember Cryengine was all the rage in the early-mid 2000s, but Crytek went bankrupt because the industry moved on.
[deleted]
oh
this is how you go from retarded to just autistic
Thank you so much!!!!
Lemme guess weekly options?
If you hold any cash not from leverage, you are a bitch.
Mmmhmm. Go to thechive for that my man
I'll ask your wife she will know 😂
Feels alright. It'll go up eventually but hard to predict the short term
There's a flair for technical posts, and TA is fine. It's just useless alone.
Rep-a-ray-shuns
You are right
Lmao you literally raided the pension for a yolo,you belong here mate
Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakin' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation.
I got out last week and got a juicy ITM MA leap instead
If you flip your phone upside down its... nevermind still a loss.
Apparently Snap is really big outside the US now. Basically the two messaging platforms that people use now are Snap and Whatsapp. Not to mention they actually make money in the US.

I've been a big Snap hater in the past, but I think they might actually start growing. Especially once they can start selling facial data to advertisers.
Drip as in dividend reinvesting? Yeah I have mines turned on too! That’s the real 10x plan 😎
Why can’t bigger investors invest now? Also it’s going to be complete by the end of the year?
You don’t, but you look for multiple sweeps for large sums bought above ask, usually a good indicator its not a hedge, but you never know so its a risk
You fat fuck
The outflows out of Apple this month should make you very concerned.
I enjoyed each game. Fell off after Black Flag though
🇺🇸
You’re rich!
This video is hilarious.
[deleted]
You’re gonna be a sad sad boy on Christmas
yea, boomers act if stonks like nordstrom or skechers were better than tech even before covid...
So, store it in a mattress then burn the house down?
DD gets pinned now
Lemme see that gap girl
So if everyone is on the left now does that mean since I’m on the right I’m a minority and if that is true does that mean I get to take your job?
I bought at 14.2, 14.62, and 15.4 

If you’re going to get in, do it now, but this isn’t something to hold for a couple of months. From what I’ve seen this is a 5+ year hold.
Did someone say my name?
Your play, is why Jim Cramer said to buy the stock last week, when they announced the acquisition.  

This is old news, and bogus reasoning, good luck.  

All Canadian weed stocks will go the ACB route, good luck buddy.
Haha same
Moderna news Monday morning is going to take your soul
China BAD!  CUBA BAD!!!  They different :((
Been there, done that man. Trust I was devastated and worked in construction/asbestos back then while being in school. That 40k didnt come easy. I think, and laugh about it now. But I learned many lessons, including risk management, not to go all-in and be very patient, only take high probability trades. You'll be fine, trust me. Speaking to you like a little brother even tho I dont know you.
hedge tech puts with dow puts bro, this market is a shitshow and something will go down
Bro like just put into spy and shut up about it
Nice cost basis, it’s either going back to 2-4 land or 20.
Use a better mouse than those. Get a nice logitech one
Working on it lol. Job starts Monday
welcome home
[deleted]
How's my BABA gang feelin' today?
Ewww you use you're wrong.
I know this statement is going to mess with your human centric life with light and dark and good and bad but, never bet on the losing team. What do you want people here to do? These guys don’t make up the market. The market is 100s of millions of lives involved and billions of dollars. It’s like asking somebody to stop betting on the direction of a river. You might imagine that an individual’s morality can change the course of the money, but it won’t. Remember the phrase, one of us isn’t as evil as all of us. This is big time group theory here and we can see it and make a winning bet.
[deleted]
You played yourself. That sub showed itself on election night just like fox did. It’s probably a bunch of losers like you making fun of each other and then banning each other
I spend my gains on weed for myself, my baby boy, and I bought a very very nice car this year
Ya except it’s not a meme stock
Market be how the market be.
How the fuck do you get drunk at 6 in the morning ?
You think its going to dump more?
lol everyone already knew they will do well, what does this tell you, this is a not a atm retard
I think he meant “but” more. But who knows
its horrible imo
My $WMT play: bought 100 shares, sold a covered call $160. Bought $TGT call options instead as it would follow walmart to the upside if they beat, but won't tank as much cuz they have ER the next day so IV will still be high to endure walmart missing estimates.
And McRib coming back nationwide on December 2nd!
It obviously already hit its floor when it stayed at 44 for like half a day, why the fuck would you buy puts on a stock that’s at its new low point? Somebody doesn’t understand citron is a lying short selling crook. Almost every company he shit talks ends up having huge stock prices
Need the blue pill before I can enjoy this.
[deleted]
Actually? Is it worth?
Technical analysis should not be labeled DD. It's dishonest to promote something repeatedly proven to be bullshit/pseudoscience as diligence
You should tech will be in the shitter all week
Guy, read the post. That’s the play. You sound dumb as hell with these comments.
Grass-fed and pasteurized?
All I read is “I’m going to lose 40k in march” and trust me I’ve been here before it ain’t fun
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Guys am I doing this right??

**URL:** https://redd.it/judhkq
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judhkq) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/badoptionsguy, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
badoptionsguy
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Yes Monday
 There is no Dd just a bear
O wow lame af, only down 60%. this is why you set limit buys for all your low volume contracts on robinhood because they use mark and it makes your portfolio look ugly af when algos pull out. 

[here is the last on his call](https://i.ibb.co/X5yBS2L/Screen-Shot-2020-11-14-at-9-38-10-PM.png)
The pump for the health insurers was because of divided government (i.e. no blue wave creating a public option) 

Vaccine is a net negative for health insurers. They made a ton of money because they didn’t have to pay out a lot of claims this year because patients postponed or cancelled elective surgeries due to COVID. With a vaccine things will go back to normal
we're rebels
UP&UP SZN!!! !!! !!! = $$$ $$$ $$$ PUMP LETS ALL Get Rich
The "gains" in your returns screenshot are from you depositing funds, not from winning trades
Like 95% of our unit is young nurses like in their 20’s or 30’s. Half of our staff was out at one point with it. Everyone recovered fine. Only heard of one nurse who was this fit chick I always see at the gym...she said she was like on the couch for a straight week short of breath just lying down. She recovered fine though. 

Maybe I just have a healthy immune system because I never got it. Or maybe it’s because I have type O blood, I heard those people are less likely to get it
Makes sense that the people who can’t build a DCF are the ones who are buying NIO
Been super impressed with MCD’s use of tech. Pretty much every store in the country now has redesigned with kiosks and mobile ordering that actually works. 

Burger King app takes like 30 seconds to even start up and orders seem to get lost a lot on their way to the stores.
How do you know they're not hedges to larger positions?
Fk how long did y keep it
luckily managed to land a ps5 on launch day so that will be a major stress reliever over the next little while until gyms re-open. Thanks for the positivity man. Really appreciate it.
[deleted]
Dow gonna have another 4% day this week off Moderna vaccine news?
Needs a Dem senate
Hey mods, technical analysis should have a different flair. If you label it DD, then I and other smart people may accidentally click on it and have our time wasted.
 tsla < nio

get with the program bud
Currently blackbox, use it for both dark pool/unusual. I like blackbox over barchart etc.., cause you can see if the order is a sweep, at bid/ask/ or above ask, so you can gauge urgency of the trade. I just recently got it too, but I have spent a few days just looking at the trades I would make based of the info from bb and id say about 80% would profit
So far options have paid for: 

Dank gaming PC 

Valve Index 

Series X 

A lot of games. 

 
Tech goes up tech goes up, can’t explain that.
Bought in big with May 2021 20c on Friday. Really liking what I see in this company. Lots of room to run here.
I’m a retard. Now show me your gains.
For real though wtf is up with RKT. 2 multi-billion dollar revenue quarters, and 2 blowout earnings expectations in a row and that shit still won't move up.
Assassins Creed is the greatest game of all time
This was wholesome
Portfolio is fucked.

Covid is over.

Mission accomplished.
So your horizon is 10 years?
Is 15ish still a good time to hop in??? I don’t wanna FOMO this
Maybe
Same boat. But Im still hopeful
Because you lose everything you got every other month and come on here to cry. I’m teaching you little boy
Or a way to minimize risk. 

BUT THIS IS WALL STREET MOTHAFUCKIN BETS BITCH, CALLS OR NOTHING
Gg
Not a bad time to get in on a FB call
Yes, hindsight is always 20/20. Maybe, do better next time.
[deleted]
fuck you I bought 3 of these months ago and it shits down day after day, its at $.02 and sometimes it jumps up just tO KEEP SHITTING LOWER
"He never came back" - Morgan Freeman voice
5-8

[https://chess.org/play/6b7d5001-f40a-4774-aa4c-f84971dc9f79](https://chess.org/play/6b7d5001-f40a-4774-aa4c-f84971dc9f79)
money buys plastic surgery, time to take a little out and be rich and beautiful - don't go to big on the breast implants though, massive fake tities don't look good
I didn't even realize that it changed.  It was 55% of clients last time I looked. BYE BYE BYE!!
I heard there was also a virus going around...
Instant panty dropper
Dd?
Is 15ish still a good buy in price? I don’t wanna FOMO this
Fuckin'A that seems smart
You allow your gf to put a bag over your head?
[deleted]
I see DD, I ride
Be right back hold my 🍺
Really not feeling good about these nio puts 🤡🤡
[deleted]
Meanwhile your OP is asking for reassurance you’re hardly diamond handed you retarded bitch
[deleted]
Then don’t be broke nigga
Guys pump PLTR for this guy’s grandma
$500/hr hooker and an eight ball is all I need
[deleted]
That depends on the y-axis scale and range. For all we know those were 5% swings
I feel like such a bad boy with my flair tho
hello, i would like to learn too. Is there a rss feed, where you can get alerts ? thank you
Some cocktails are upwards 50, bottles of wine can go for 1,000s. I think a bottle of grey goose would run you about 800-900?
That’s fucking retarded lol. The only people who can’t survive this society are little soft skin bitches
If I thought this was going to make them a fuckin industry behemoth I would say buy shares. I think it will pop temporarily.
[removed]
inslee goes on tv 2 nights ago in front of a fire place telling people in the most condescending way they need to have thanksgiving over zoon knowing he was going to shut down everything on monday anyway. just fucking shut it down if you're going to. fuck this guy.
She positive then u
Is SPY dying this week or is my portfolio fuk
You just squish the fucking tomato's dude and add a shitload of salt and perhaps a little bit of baking soda if it's too acidic.
Why is that more you retards blab about palantir the less confident I become in my calls/shares?
That is what 'art' is for.
Yes focus on that. Because its easier to save when you have a steady 4.2k paycheck every 2 weeks, after taxes. Good luck man. Get a PS5 in the meantime / hit the gym to let the stress go.
they show way more ads now than they did before - can skip the 6 second ads that appear every few taps in the discover section. too greedy or desperate.
Now I know what to short, thank you
What does Marcellus Wallace look like?!
[removed]
Why the fuck would I lie about that? Patient was drowning in fluids, I had to go in to suction him. Couldn’t find a mask because we literally had like 2 we were sharing for the entire unit. Said fuck it and went in. Felt a speck of his secretions land in my eye while I was suctioning him. Never developed symptoms.
Anything over 35 revs will give a positive because at that point it picks up any disease
Puts on Racoon city
No, my play is that all cannabis stocks are going to pop closer to inauguration, I think this one is primed to pop *more*, and calls will print.
Puts on tech feels like the play. Phizer is going to probably file for fast trac by end of week or the month. Then we will get another round of revenge of the boomer. Bought puts on ATVI/EA to hedge and probably ZM as my spec play this week
Time to get bullish on MCD?  Good earnings report + Bullish divergence on the daily charts...
They also nearly doubled their market cap with q3 earnings which is insane. I believe following week will be around 35 and possible lower
That confirmation bias 🤤🤤
You obviously haven’t spent a night with “enough” coke and a top dollar hooker, you’ll need at least 10k for that.
Tony Bobulinski
Screw it. I'm in 10x 11/20 $22c
I find my jaw muscle cramps long before my lips chap.
shh dont question the value of the bullshit

only thing that matters is brrrrrrrrr
How much do you spend on hair transplant?
It’s definitely way easier to save in low risk tickers than it is to just see a stagnant number in a 0.01% savings account
MINI Cooper S and an easy yolo on SPY.
Its easy to make money when you start with money. You pussy casual,  fuck outa here
Indeed. One of the best things is the whiskey, French escorts circuit all the major cities, and yea. They are another
Nah, it’s not a yolo! That’s why I’m considering if I should just take the L
If you were attractive you’d know why Snapchat was valuable
Yeah had knee surgery telehealth. Doc just told me what to do, really guided me through it. I'm a believer
You can turn it into a spread instead of a straddle. I've lost thousands on making shitty straddles before I learned to lock it into a spread
Nio will be down or flat! Do you guys really think it will keep going up. So many better companies
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**MTG**|**$13**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.23**|**$11.24**|**139**|**0**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhiih1wihx5t0751v7qpyvim) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Shacreme/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Not OP, but WMT 11/20 150c.
[deleted]
I thought your favorite bird was the pecker?
This is WSB. We have diamond hands here.
Haha I was looking at algo tracking earlier. What are you using? And I’ve been on barcharts and tendiechart for unusual activity what else is good?
Buy and holddddd. I got 1500 shares 2011
If you want an example that u can try. Look at docusign. Look at the 3 months chart. Note the average low. The time between highs. Then wait for a low and buy calls that will pass the estimated time until next high. Im retarded and this is not financial  advice
Just put it into spy, this guy has 15% ROI per year, idk why he’s bragging, just save yourself the trouble and stress
This and the ratings of analysts is a strong counter argument to Citron. I mean, do you want to go against the Dalio Llama?
...still crying on the inside... naw but for real lessons learned, now look towards the future
Is that NIO?
Serious question how is Snapchat still as valuable as it is? I feel like Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter have the social media and messaging areas covered, only unique thing Snapchat has is disappearing photos. No doubt there’s a good market for that but it seems more like a “feature” than an entire multi-billion dollar business.
I don’t have any money
You’re so mad you didnt get in at $39, you’re so mad no matter what analysts say China will still boost the fuck out of NIO, you’re so mad they have beat deliveries by the masses every quarter, you’re so mad you didn’t hop in on the EV rally last week, you’re so mad
Sold? I thought this was WSB not some gay discord that makes you pay $80/month for shit plays.

In other words I’m holding.
go back to 35k duh
Can’t have global warming if there’s no globe.
YES WE FUCKING ARE NOW GET THE FUCK OUT
[deleted]
God damn! 30??
I feel yah... Once it finds some kind of support it will explode up and everybody will want to get in at a discount, but for paperhands need to stop
No I try to not think for myself
I'm the opposite. I make good money but my net worth is decreasing because of the garbage trades I make
If $2,300 is all you got then dip bro. If not, then just hold and pray to whatever statue you believe in
You can reallocate risk into many different forms but at the end of the day, if the options are priced correctly, you are receiving the same exposure/dollar no matter your strategy. It's important to learn the more nuanced strategies because if you can spot option mispricing, some strategies can take advantage of them better than others.
I can't imagine how TDOC and telehealth is doing so well. I don't know anyone that actually used a virtual visit. Granted, I never go to the doctor period. Do you young'uns use telehealth?
So we got vaccine news for the next 2 months and OPEC cutting more and you think DRIP is the way to go when oil stocks were already at decade lows
So are monkeys.
[deleted]
Yikes Do not drink on Xanax and this will happen.
Hey hey!
How can retards profit when they have to google what it means?
Apple is making me nervous. 

Im making ground with Walmart, Disney and Ge but damn. 

Can y'all go buy an iphone please?
I don’t care if they fucking rape my dog.
Could be a possibility. 

Thanks for telling me ahead of time. 

I’ll go fuck myself. But first fuck you and hope your weekend is going good
[deleted]
Imagine the tendies.
Because most of Europe went on lockdown. Also Sweden is still doing the worst of all Scandinavian countries
Pretty much my strat verbatim. I doubled my money (500 initial, as a joke for posterity) in a week thanks to 11/6 GM Call. Now I'm back to even thanks to Tech being retarded as usual, so I"m gonna yolo after my 11/20 calls come in
 **56%** of client accounts are **long** on this market  

BULLISH
I hope to follow in your footsteps someday. But for now it's time for deep introspection and redirecting my energy and focus to getting a six-figure salary.
+2-2= 0
✌🏼
Hahaha this has been happening to me all day. I had plays I felt confident in Friday and as the wknd has progressed I feel like I don’t have any direction for monday.
You ever look at the false positive and false negatives rates?
That hit me in the feels tonight:/
But no calls........
Ewww your poor? Fuck off
NIO: Short sellers will be prevented from selling at the national best bid price until Monday 4PM EST. This means that, up until market close, short sellers will not be able to artificially drive the share price down by selling at lower and lower bid prices.
I took Xanax yesterday for the first time while out in Vegas and completely blacked out. Kinda scary. 

My friends have a video of me getting whipped by some dominatrix chick on the street
Why would I want the inbred cousin of the stock I’m down 6k on?
Made 2 comments and was banned on r/conservatives immediately,...anyone have any other good subreddits to troll the 🥭lovers?
20k is a lot more than I had in savings at 25. Good luck my dude, and keep your head up
What platform is this
TD Ameritrade update their site I’m so lost
I hate it when I get a free spin bonus game but then it pays out like 2x the initial bet. Wtf
Why the fuck are all these shitty tickers getting pinned
You know the company is more than just a 3 letter ticker symbol?  NIO, unlike Nikola, actually makes vehicles.
Cool company. If you didn’t get it at $9 or $12. You need to wait sir
Ban
I hate to beat a dead horse but how does this even happen? Like did you just double down on trades that weren’t working?
Nah. It’s all the secondary market so it’s not as though you’re giving money to the CCP.

Felt weird going short in Feb/March when shit hit the fan and everyone lost their jobs. Now I dry my eyes with the tendies that I made.
All I want for Christmas is for my AAPL 125c 12/18s to print.
Bro thats 15% annualized ROI, could’ve just chucked that into SPY and saved yourself the stress and work. Lol
Sure, but you want as large as a delta as possible then. Aka deeper ITM.
Didn’t read anything except the title. I’m all in
Bent over a table
And the economy is straight up toast and most people don't even realize it
Racist morons congregation
What’s weird to me is how everyone says Elon has covid like it’s guaranteed and he’s dying but can’t even bother to have a discussion about how 2 test were positive and 2 negative.
[deleted]
Drip is finna take off over the next 2-3months. This is my 10x plan
[deleted]
 Basically yep
Too much in cash reserve for the big boys to be seriously threatened. 

Also, they seem to benefit from shutdown (Zoom, Wayfair, Amazon, etc).
Hey man whatever makes you happy right?
Puts on your monies
Great now antifa has a spaceforce
whose the CEO?

ik its not wesker...
Hello this is your grandma here - what are your next plays?
Can you share?
Yup. Been talking about this one for weeks and been getting downvoted lol. ARK been buying up shares and earnings should be good on the 23rd. Huge growth potential at only 2.5 billion market cap. Easy double or triple from these levels if a little hype starts building. Still flying under the radar so still time to get in early I think. This and FSR are my two main EV plays after I closed out my NIO position last week.
Buzz off loser this is shit talk. If you’re so smart where’s your 2m in equities?
I sometimes feel like the baddie wishing for a bloodbath just so I can see the loss porn
You'll be back. I lost 40k at 21. Im 34 now, with a 150k job + 50% bonus, up 300k this year trading options and futures. 

Take a break, start a journal, remove emotion, come back with a plan.
How many stocks did you ride? You didn’t swing trade, just buy and hold?
Because life is meaningless
Where can I find the weekend indexes?
Hi gay, I'm dad (please, I can't stop!)
Maybe i might do a call for long term idk
People getting banned over and over again the same ones that can’t make it in society. I was only banned twice,...so I’m golden. 😬
Fuck it, I'll YOLO it
Thoughts on Palentir?
calls then
Why is losing money so funny
In other news....world larget hedgefund Bridgewater Associates doubled their Nio position.

Edit: didn't realize you linked it already!

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/
You seem like you know what you’re doing so I have to ask you a stupid question... are stop price and stop limit order the same thing? Or does a stop limit order exercise when you add a stop price so still kinda the same thing? Lol
dude you're fucking 25 chill out
[removed]
All I know is at some point tomorrow it's going to move up and then down.  Maybe even down and then up.
got it, nio 11/20 60 calls
Uh you can get Wagyu out of Japan lol. Theyve been breeding Wagyu in the states and Australia for decades. The reason you cannot export Wagyu cows currently was due to fears of mad cow disease in 2002... And they just never changed the rules.
Just out of curiosity, do you think there was any coordination between the trump campaign and Russian actors in 2016?
Eww... you buy shares🤮
Dang 100k in a few months suckin D. Beats being a wagie
You should buy PLTR instead. Diversify.
Nothing felt better, and that is why I know I have to quit. There has to be more in life than chasing the high of being "in the game".
10 SOLO 7.5c 11/20
I haven't been to a bar in months. 

I know its the right call but im itching for some socializing.
5 guys tea bagging you at once.  How's that for your 10 bagger.
Get Apple 2011 $35 cost basis
Get Sirius radio at .50 cost basis 

Find $10-50 stocks and ride em
Would be pretty sad if you know, you lost it all Monday morning
Feel that bro facts
Who cares if you bet on the bad guy as long as you make money. Make enough and you can just buy your way into a better country when yours collapses.
link?  Doom and gloom here I want to see reasons why my calls will print.
[deleted]
I’m not waiting for expiry to be honest. Just waiting for a small pop up in between to sell with some positive.
Yup so he’s an idiot trying to fail by example. If NY is staying open and only limiting dining hours the nation will most likely stay open
[deleted]
Love this for me! I averaged all morning buying every dip.
Certainly not fat old orange people that can’t even lift a glass of water 😅
Fintwit sub sellers?
I hope 😳🤞
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Gg
5-7

[https://chess.org/play/9739dc20-fffd-43a4-9cca-51e3095f03d0](https://chess.org/play/9739dc20-fffd-43a4-9cca-51e3095f03d0)
You're intelligent enough to amass $2.5 million but you can't compose an intelligible title nor follow directions?
Calls on Walmart, Kroger and costco!


Grocers Stockpile, Build ‘Pandemic Pallets’ Ahead of Winter
Resurgence of Covid-19 cases and the impending holiday rush prompt retailers to sideline lean-inventory strategies

https://www.wsj.com/articles/grocers-stockpile-build-pandemic-pallets-ahead-of-winter-11601199000
Mmhmm. Keep going...
any software engineer bros over here? what do you think about apple magic trackpad vs mouse?
Who gives a shit about ccp, this is not r/politics 

Nio to the moon
Big if true
name an EV that shoots flames out the exhaust lmao
[deleted]
Strong work
[deleted]
You'd think my spy puts would print over this news.  Naaa.  Market is stupid and will go up as things get worse.
Will this make my puts print on Monday
Thanks i did talk to her before and feel a little better now. Im pretty sure they arent going to do anything physical since theyve been friends a long time and havent done anything since they broke up. Its mainly unwarranted jealousy and she assumed i was cool with it bc im generaly super laid back. Better communication coulda solved alot of the issue i think.
yes, i know how you feel because of my political and ethical beliefs. however, nio does seem different. from what i know, the attitude of people in china is very dynamic and not limited to their government. at least its not north korea, right?
[removed]
Do not let weeklies cloud your mind for long term gains. Pick good companies $10-50 and ride those fuckers.

I use options for leaps and fun money.
[deleted]
[removed]
I’m reading more about options strategies and it’s making me way over think everything. I think I should stop reading.
I would hope so. But It dropped on vaccine news from Pfizer (that’s what I’m basing it on).
He's a bottom for sure
The bike is a loss leader, it's the subscription service they're counting on to make it profitable.
I'm in an industry that's nothing but markets (car biz) so I like to think I'm used to the market ride... this shit is way diff. I've noticed that if I stick to the businesses I know well, F/GM, I do well. Tech? sheeeeit, light my money on fire.
This just means that there's no more indoor seating at bars and restaurants. 

Very far from a "lockdown"
True. Puts on my social life.
I jizzed everywhere, congrats
15 years of hard work or a lucky yolo, however yoloing is more likely to make your acct goto zero.
You entered a position believing fomoers on NIO would enter. What you didn’t realize is that XPEV has already pumped, hard. Risk > reward on these at this time, but you already knew that.
Because this is the most active social outlet we have right now.
You sob I’m in!
Believe it or not, the bike is a loss leader. It's the subscription that they're counting on.

edit: Looks like I was beaten.
This is pretty accurate of IG posts: https://youtu.be/feRSFw746C0
It dipped and I lost 18k, but still up 20k so not complaining. The wave just passed so we drift down.... but the tide is rising.
Go to 35k again, duuhhh
People have been pushing back. My gov (Inslee!) sucks lmao. Didn't even know what CHAZ was when asked about it in a news conference. Jfc dude was rated 50th by the CATO institutes gov list when it came to the economy.
Lol @ Elon’s tweet about thermodynamics and dmt
That wasn’t very EV of you
Lots of people are anticipating gme going to the other side of their 50 dma, me included. We are just waiting.

I hope that all gme bulls know that gmr is very close to their 50 dma. You are fucked the moment it breaks and closes below. 

I seriously haven't this excited about a stock in weeks. 

GL
I'm sure her BF can't wait to see her in them
where else would you be? a crowded indoor area?
Algo tracking dark pool and unusual option activity is a game changer, highly recommend
Consider yourself lucky for walking out with your original investment
please if anyone reads this let them know i bought calls on DKNG, i lived well.
Inspirational. Proof that even an illiterate, socially inept, disfigured ferret can achieve anything by their 40s.
Take this shit to your first line supervisor with a water source and some shower shoes
You realized that after losing 20k
The other guy is fucking weird tho
Est?
How the fuck does this not have more attention
I dont understand how these new start ups can create these "amazing" EV in the span of 2 years but BMW, Ford, GM, Toyota cant create something to compete even faster.

My thought is there is a big difference selling and servicing 3400 cars a month compared to 30k+ a month.

There are many western cars in china. If Lincoln came out with an EV wouls that not br able to squash NIO?

I am not talking about stock price but the big car companies have supply chain, engineers, sales and marketing already. Why are they loosing?
But it felt good to be in the game right?
and get out
It is most definitely both
This guy fucks
Yeah - tried to look it up but only found gay shit like for the VA/DOD/DHLS, nothing on tech execs
Why the fuck am I on here on a Saturday night?
I won’t hold into close and no position now. I’ll wait for confirmation and ride 1000+ shares down. Sell before close, repeat.
What a rush!!! The weekend DOW today is fluctuating almost  .01% every 4 hours.
what has higher short interest gme or jwn ? 
feel like jwn settin up for a gme-esque squeeze
Sometimes when I feel like flexing I get the coke mini cans. I know Im paying more per fluid ounce but sometimes you gotta live it up
Genius. Outside will be displayed with a neon led logo of fuccboi
I never said it didnt....
Are you winning son?
It’s funny how a couple of weeks ago we had GME howler monkeys with all sorts of theories about GME reaching $50 EOM 😂

I’m not saying things but I wonder what will happen if NIO tanks like that too!
Nope they won’t. He’s just trying to be a hero until the people push back on him
That's a rough break even...
it'll rise Monday for sure
Nonsense. Revenue growth last 4 quarters is 54%, 57%, 43%, and 52%. That is very strong, especially at their scale. Analyst estimates have EPS growing from ($0.36) in 2019 to $0.07 in 2020 and $0.12 in 2021. And in my experience, high growth companies with exceptional management teams like PLTR tend to exceed expectations because they know how to execute well. When a company was founded has nothing to do with how fast their growth is.
just finished tuning the scooby :) 

this baby rips pretty good for stock block/turbo + pump gas

[https://i.imgur.com/Uw9MfP6.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/Uw9MfP6.jpg)
Talk about a sausage party.
I don’t, I read it somewhere the other day. Could be not true but I think it’s accurate, you’d have to check though.
No. You can only choose your fund allocation.
Fuck me retard.
No, you allocate to funds. Stop trying to bet your 401k retard. If you want the riskiest TSP portfolio possible do 40% S fund 40% I find 20% C fund.
Yupppp, and people aren’t dying here anymore. But cases are going up, like who cares?
Don’t lose your shirt
will check out
I'm nostalgic about both. Fallout 3 was legit awesome wandering around the map while NV had a lot more engaging world and factions.
Calls on Alice
Positions?
What’s happening to Nio xpeng and li Monday?
Well take your ipa and butt chug it like we did back in the day.
20 bucks is 20 bucks
Buying GME calls and PLTR calls. Can't go tits up
Or it's just the next Nikolacorporation
Bro can you show me your cock ? I just know it’s huge
Managing position size doesnt mean someones poor. You are probably autistic, really.
Lol, that's an analyst looking to sell you calls.
[Lockdowns WA State](https://imgur.com/a/jymATLM)

Gov Inslee implementing new lockdowns, to be announced tomorrow effective Monday.

\-Indoor gatherings forbidden

\-All indoor dining/restaurants shut-down (to-go available)

\-25% retail occupancy

Surely other states will follow.
\*beaucoup
I don’t see it I thought open economy was good for Draftkings since more people are out there gambling sports and everything.
Shut the fuck up
Remember: 

A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Lmao I’m still on the jitter bug
Solo last week you mean?  This week down...
Downvotes are just salty. This is how it legitimately works. I was on a program where we were kept on for the sole reason that contract require a certain number of employees to charge to the program per period.
[deleted]
I have at least 5 looking worse than that on my robinhood that I can't even a dollar for because of nickel incremental fraud

> biggest mistake of my life

Wew lad, you clearly haven't explored taking out a mortgage and hard money loans to increase your margin to sell naked. Once you're out more than your family tree's net worth, you truly hit the big leagues.
He’s not swinging 3 mil, the MMs would eat him alive
You guys are the best.
Yo, wtf is going in DC ? I saw some rioting shit on Twitter ... Legit or fake ?
Fuk u greedy mofo
You wait gay bears will always prevail
ZM calls
Sk iseems interesting ive always wanted to to there
Can anyone spot me 25k I wanna day trade on Monday
huh. looks like Smile Direct Club, for dental teeth straightening

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/smile-direct-club-brings-affordable-convenient-teeth-alignment-therapy-to-australia-and-uk-300851547.html
In Vegas right now. Strip clubs reopened yesterday 😈
[deleted]
Last Friday SPY and Dow were up 1.5%, Nasdaq was up 1.1% yet AAPL which is the biggest component of all three indices were exactly flat at 0.02%.
[removed]
[deleted]
call it "The Casino"
[removed]
That question should be asked about everyone in this sub. Sometimes people are just yoloing
As far as I’ve looked into it you can only change which of their funds it gets allocated to
boomers are so retarded
all good retards have portfolios that look like a [heart attack on an EKG](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-AyPmHoCLibk/Tg4VmV4wqbI/AAAAAAAAAOc/30TjLrZfLrI/s1600/ECG-myocardial-infarction_heart_attack.jpg)
Already have puts on NIO

/Inversewsb
Go with byddf. Warren Buffett has 25% stake and they sell a shit ton of cars. It’s mildly under the radar right now. Go do some research.
I need a bagger bagger, a 10 bagger is what I need
Literally nothing. We've mastered economics
The way my stocks are going I’m aiming for a Toyota Tercel.
I went from 4k to 35k to 4k what should I do
I have 250k. How do I do the same?
My cost basis is $37 so until it hits then I'll be knock-off gucci.
Getting 1 out of 20 business to sign on when your brand name has become synonymous for the service you provide seems doable
Cause it's super awesome and their earnings call guidance said they were gonna kick butt in the future and Thiel has like a 10" boner and Karp and Cohen stand by their mission and have big ones also,  plus you know every government will be using Palantir as comprehensive data integration and predictive capability becomes even more necessary.
[deleted]
TY for proving me right
[deleted]
You can turn 2k into 50k in a week...I did it week before the election. That same week I walked away with only the 2k I started. You like?
where u hear wa state is locking down again?
How low can risk premiums go
Lmao, it'll be stocked with a pile of watered down vodka, tequila, and whiskey
Short this back down to high 20s.
Ha GME...
[deleted]
 Do you have a source for the tech exec claim?
Virus curve is flattening all over Europe even in Sweden.
Cheap but will fuck you up? Here you go

SPY370C 11/16
Literally cannot
calling someone a dickhead is so funny when you think about it...

Imagine, some guy walking around with a big floppy dick for a head, just flopping from one side to the other with each step.
Did it increase or decrease from last release?
Cuck
*writes out of will*
Not going to buy any puts until wsb makes pokimane as mod again
I volunteer.
Mila Jovich on it.
sounds pretty gey
I have 5 calls on XPEV. Just one position. Also liking how SPCE looks.
[deleted]
Maybe do you’re own DD and study charts retard. Or buy NIO calls.
I love how you think xpev hasn’t pumped at all. They’ll all move in tandem. Short all this week on all of them.
Yes it’s real money but don’t be a pussy buy cheap leaps and ur good !!!! You’ll be back next week
I’m actually worried the vaccine news will make it drop because of the move into value stocks.
Nio showed the signs of going parabolic
5-6

[https://chess.org/play/fa21f553-87e6-4a2b-9caf-99662e2d85c3](https://chess.org/play/fa21f553-87e6-4a2b-9caf-99662e2d85c3)
Earnings slump, but fundamentals and valuations don't matter anymore. Buy calls.
[deleted]
6PM tomorrow.
Yeah, I have a handful of clients from S Korea, and it's because older generations are very regulatory. They do things a certain way, and will not move forward unless it is perfect. I'm sure mental illness is very high there.
Money Found is not money you planned on having, turn that shit into $10k brother!
I’d love that, just like the ol days
Seems to have it a hard bottom so Monday seems like a good idea for some added gains and a lower entry position.
So 🥭finally admitted he’s a LOSER?
So looks like GME still has massive short interest. How the heck is that possible
3rd Sam’s visited of the night:

Granted this cities population is slightly more than the other two, but they’re out too.

Excited to see what tomorrow holds in my toilet paper journey.
Down by the river
Positions, strategy, advice, and a pep talk. Or ban
As long as NIO stays above 35 we gucci, dont wanna see red on my Mar 2021 leaps
Is this a copy pasta
[deleted]
When do futures open?
for her boyfriend to fuck her in them of course
A lot of assumptions here.

if you're a gambling addict you're still going to be a gambling addict when you get old.
 Bear stern calls
Hard for me to think about anything else except my BABA calls
They have places like this. Broker bars on Wall Street I’ve been many times. A beer is 30 bucks.
LI-ckin Coffee more like it
What’s NKLA planning on going to market with, hills and dreams?
I'm in only if there's hookers and cocaine involved
Don’t even get me started on Inslee. Good lord. Fuck that guy.
I play new Vegas to forget about all the money I’ve lost
You have to keep it frozen also///....not easy to do
Got tired of losing 20% a day and decided to go out with a big yolo
[deleted]
Wanna see a beautiful short squeeze go to Fossil chart Jun 1-10.
Got a new car like two years ago but I just now sold my shitty 2010 Ford Focus from freshman year for about 2 grand. I understand that the logical thing to do would be to put the money away in case of another lockdown, but I also understand that I could turn it into 10k with maybe like 4 good plays. Torn here fellas
[deleted]
Stop lying we all know your wife’s boyfriend bought those
that goes for pretty much everyone in this sub tbh
I rather take my chances with covid and gaining antibodies then trying this half ass vaccine that might grow a dick on your head. I’m already a dick head, don’t need it literally
I can't imagine the stench.
Don’t say that, they’ll find out.
[deleted]
I'd love to hear a bunch of drunks hype NIO all night.
yeah but tesla is at  387.22B market cap vs NIO 48.20B. This bird is just learning how to fly in china where they have 4 times the population as the USA.
That's a lot I'm worried about my 1 contract. 356p 11/23
Fallout 3 > New Vegas for nostalgia but new vegas is a better game overall
got 1 k in spy putts exp wed. Hoping tomorrow all the news channels show what is happening in dc as well as covid numbers increasing. Only way to save my puts. I just want to break even at this point
Lots of $PLUG (at $3.08) and then a bunch of others like gold, appl, CNSL, snap, ssnc, cprx, dal, save, rost, pins, and Uber
I unlocked it on Robinhood by lying today but I don't think I'll do it until I understand what I'm doing at the very least. I just figured out how to do a trailing stop so I'll stick to that for the time being lol
But I only have witty one liners and they’re like 60%. This sounds terrible.
No seriously, I am not biased. I entered the position believing NIO fomo'ers will look for another opportunity. Plus... their long term looks great.
IPA plz
[deleted]
No tricks or cookies/trackers required: BUY THE FUCKING DIP(s)
We don't serve boomer stocks sorry
Seriously hope you meant 343p.
titos and soda w lime pls
Baba 12/18
Whoops yea 343 lol
That would be poetic watch me not be able to pay the taxes on the 1K I withdrew lmao
u/analfarmer2
The EU is even worse off than the U.S. :S
It would need to have cheap drinks for obvious reasons
We have reason to believe that no one knows where NIO price will be heading on Monday.
agreed. inslee talks to people like they're children. also \*supposedly\* had no idea CHAZ was going on...liar.  he's the worst.
If you’re from Hawaii technically premarket opens for you tomorrow before midnight.
Did u mean 343
70/30 will print come mondah
Goddamn why am I holding GME lmao
Kinda my debate too. Enough political pressure and maybe. The Midwest senators could feel the pressure. I hope not but I don’t trust politicians
A shot of tequila and a slice of lemon
What’s with you guys? Don’t you like money?? Trulieve and Curaleaf Tuesday and Cresco Labs Wednesday. 💰😎
Sub .90 beta is interesting to me. Seems like it may be top of its food chain
“He estimates that if...” that’s a big if
Yessir - wish I bought more!
So when did you sell?
yeah no i know that but nobody else does
The bolt thing was already known and stock still rallied hard Friday
vaccines side effect: cure anti semitism
Dr. Pepper
She still cheats on you with a poor, you don’t fuck her right. She likes the gifts tho
Every single time, closing a leg is honestly better than selling the option
Who gives a shit
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS NOT GREEN AND RED
SOLO
Depends where you're at. Living in Houston I didn't mind most homeless but you could tell a big chunk of them had mental illnesses. Yelling in the street and being super aggressive with people at stop-lights. I don't doubt at night they're knifing other homeless for territory or food.
Jacked to the tits = I have 3 calls, because im poor
Ah yes the Southern Cal Trogies
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Im New

**URL:** https://redd.it/jucu0n
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jucu0n) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/WhipNaeNaeKidzBop, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
See I like to play both sides so that way I always come out ahead.
Neat Makers and BABA to hit 300 by 11/27.
Back to tech or out?
!remindme 11/19
Iron Condor it is
Stole my idea from a comment. New York needs to open a WSB bar (when/if the worlds back to the norm). You can only enter if you tell the security a play/past play + the result. 

A bar to talk trading. Fucking hell yes.
[deleted]
Fuck, thought I sold all my calls.
Well that and owning the libs. Kinda funny the governer had to finally admit science is a thing
What is this? The real economy ?
You’re good you got a few weeks just sell on the spine this weeks if you’re losing sleep over them they should print also the market is waiting on Moderna news.
NVDA 575c 11/20
The insight into one man's crusade against wealth. 

Emerging forth as a conquerer, draped in full retard attire.
I see no reason why you would be biased.
TMUS 140C 1/15/2021 

took 2 days of mentioning it before a hedge fund scraper bought 927 yesterday
How did it go?
Source code?
I do with my credit card I use for gas, but I went through some tough times and racked up a big balance on one of my cards. Finally paid it off in one lump sum. Shits dope
$ZM calls
calls on monday puts on tuesday ez
NVDA 475p 11/20
Hey man 

Nice win!!! HERES HOW TRUMP CAN STILL WINNNNNN WAAAAAAAH
NKLA puts.
Vodka and Coke Zero.
Anyone else run out of day trades and then just make a straddle option when your option starts to tank? When you play all sides you always win
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** i have 10k saved up, i really want to invest it all in enbridge, should i do it?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jucymz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jucymz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/BoringMechanic, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
zackmu
OverpricedBagel
puts on Cindy's vag
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Not us bipolars.
sumone has a lot of calls in "value" stonks...
[deleted]
Yeah, the biggest alcoholic I've ever met was from South Korea
I like that spy doesn’t make the cut
what you thinking chief
Damn 3 million dollar swings, bro thats crazy
The market will tank that day if that happened
To see someone make my paycheck in one day is both depressing and inspiring.
Would a red senate allow that tho?

I mean it’s just on the super wealthy but then again that’s obv where the big money is so hmm
A shit ton of shares were bought by big investing firms last week and its earnings call had good guidance.
_Zoom is projected to generate $2.4 billion in sales this year, according to FactSet, but Chrane sees eventual revenue potential that’s many times greater. He estimates that if Zoom could get 6% of “global knowledge workers” to be paid hosts of videoconferences over time and get 5% of knowledge workers to become Zoom Phone users, the company could see annual revenue of about $25 billion._

_That revenue momentum could yield a $250 billion market capitalization, he argued, assuming a 10x revenue multiple “despite ample remaining greenfield opportunity.” Zoom is currently valued at about $118 billion._

**And you guys wanna short this shit?**
Holy shit! That’s insane! I have to look into this haha sorry I posted fake news
Tags a THREE year old post. For short term options. Totally a pump. LMAO
Solid DD
$SLV 45C 1/15
Fuckit play Hard knock life instead
[You need to have a SPY call option to read this comment]
Why will it reverse now? It's been slowly deflating for years and none of this is new news.
Np. I’ll send you my trades before I make them. Just copy me and you will succeed in your goal!!!
Well done idiot see you after your next paycheck
ESPN sayin Southern Cal ... like.. who the fuck is that

Bruh just say USC.
Alan Alda will replace him you know
Yes at an exotic experience shit. It’s a lot of car to handle for sure, but taming that beast is my dream
[deleted]
It's a very conservative culture where everybody gets blackout drunk often.
stop humble braggin richboi
Buy Walmart puts.
Thx my G. Crossing fingers 🤞
insider trading is illegal and not free speech. id argue that what Citron does, (takes a short position, and then knowing its weight and reputation, release scathing reports on the company its shorting, knowing it will tank the price), although not insider trading by definition, runs in parallel.

imagine if you could take a short position whenever you want and send out a tweet just shitting on that company and it would instantly tank the stock price and printing you tendies. I bet  the SEC would be gaping your butthole, because you're small and we don't get to play the same rules as the big boys.

you're right on both points though, probably impossible to implement and when enough autists all REEEE in this sub in tune to a specific position, it usually prints.
Rocket Man.
This is great.  North Dakota gives 0 fucks about anything but wheat
Yes, my 11/20 15C’s love this post, thank you
Stop trading for a bit with your Parkinson’s portfolio
CVS has no growth plan. Additional onetime visits for a vaccine isn't going to help them much.
ehh i don't plan to sell within the next year or two.
[deleted]
I do that every month. Doesn't everyone?
[deleted]
Trying to read OPs comments gave me migraines.
I wonder how many will sell at eoy afraid of capital gain tax hikes.
If NIO can shit to hell then moon to Mars after er that would be great
Adding $200k position to Dunder Miffin (DMF) to make some of that sweet receipt paper money.
I’m glad I took profits on my positions at ATH on Friday, and then rolled them out to a higher strike for 2022. I think NIO will do well in the long run as the world transitions to electric vehicles
There was a lot of reports stating that one of the biggest problems for the Covid vaccine is going to be logistics since they have to be kept certain temperature. So you’re on the right track, maybe a company that owns freezers on wheels, refrigerated train carts? Calls on ice cream trucks?
tsla < nio

get with the program bud
Can someone give me a hot play to turn $10k into $1k?
cringe
Welcome to wsb bar

What'll it be tonight?
Sounds like you have a lot to lose if NIO falls in price.
"Bitch what your man gotta do with me?"
Should Buy NIO on Monday morning or Tuesday?
tim sykes link?

im holding puts already, ty for the confirmation
imagine it opening under 380
I agree hog fucker
Got the wife some new pradas today to offset the louboutins.  Its been a good week.
Pumped AH. GL bro
Can be ugly yes but I’m ugly and rich. Makes it easier
ZM back to 500
Bull fucking shit. I lived in DC suburbs for 15 years the most affluent counties in America and there were Walmarts everywhere. If you don't shop at Walmart for daily essentials you hate money
Check. Mate.
its called cashing out your profit 💀
It’s a sickness, it’s a dream of never having to be a wage slave. It’s trying to attain something that’s almost attainable
LOL WHAT A FUCKIN RETARD DOESNT HE EVEN KNOW THAT COVID IS JUST A FAKE VIRUS AND SCIENTISTS ARE LYING AND EVERYONE DYING IN THE HOSPITAL IS JUST A FAKE DISPOSABLE LIZARD PERSON AND I GOT DIAGNOSED WOTH COVID AND IT WAS JUST A CASE OF THE SNIFFLES HOLY
Paying off a credit card is a godly feeling.
Honestly your best bet is to play the spy, usually ~2% +2% are considered big moves and you can make 1000% on the contracts.
I never stonked on nobody!!
My autism doesn't allow me to read.  All I can do is stare at graphs.
You still ugly tho
[deleted]
Find a career you want to do get into. Think about it *long and hard*. Bachelor program minimum. Get all the student loan money you can. 

Invest it all in one solid YOLO. You'll thank me afterwards.
[deleted]
Nah nah I’d go turbo or at most gt3. Have you driven a gt2 rs? That shit is crazy af and I almost shitted my pants at corners. Too wild imo
you too?;)
I play 20-25k 0DTE on spy almost every week... I have 10k on spy 366 for Monday open...
No one "announces" rumors, they just pop up.  There's literally 4 days in the year that are 2 weeks prior to s&p rebalancing.  That's the rumor.  It can actually happen any day, but 4/365 days it's more likely. IMO.
Bought the top 4 times and I'm still up a decent amount after the huge dip Friday. Bring on earnings mothafucka.
Ya choke on it!!!
Why does that tweet feel ominous
I thought it was fine. 

It got really strong reviews on rotten tomatoes though.
Most funds are down this year. You do realize how difficult it is to liquidate then repopulate funds. Having too much in assets is more of a liability when it comes to performance.
“Stock market at all time highs” tweet
You son of a bitch, I'm in.
F
Im not sure if this is sarcasm but most Walmarts you see especially in Florida are complete disasters.
Rest of your username josh jung??? Won’t trick me again.
Get the fuck out of here. I'm confused this other degenerate smooth brain said every 3 months. Now I don't know what to believe.🤡🤡🤡
It’s gonna print
Trying to teach you youngins to compound. Don’t tell the master to take gains
[deleted]
Rich little bitches that inherited millions.
Yup, 25 is the time to make these mistakes. Much much easier to recover from at 25 rather than at 55. Just remember most people your age have zilch saved so you’re still way ahead.
From what I've learned, all memes aside, is that diamonds hands are stupid. Paper hands are stupid. Just have normal human hands.
Stop spamming the same fucking question.
I love seeing people who never pull out LMAO
Worked and lived with family until 23, not as hard when you have zero bills to pay. Now that I’m out of the house, and have rent and bills due every month I’m not sure I’ll ever get this opportunity again.
Sounds like Elon is pretty symptomatic now https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327774022566862848?s=20
Affluent areas don't have Walmarts bro.
I had 10k at 2
Change that to ASMR and we're in business
350
Nice. Enjoy yourself. Hit on some nice milfs
Anyone else jacked to the tits with SPY 11/16 puts
A comet straight to the Atlantic.
Nio 58 EOW 

ALEXA PLAY JAY-Z Public Service Announcement
Well, now I do.
Truer words have never been spoken
Looked like a reversal on hourly chart. But i dunno? Stonk go up
Buy puts got it
Sounds great, but my name isn't Monday.
[deleted]
My strategy is to wait until it actually goes up big on Hong Kong, instead of them just matching the US price. Volume in HK has been very low for Alibaba when compared to the US since the summer. But buying now might work as well.
what's going to bring this market down? it ain't covid
Thank you sir
Nope. They bought more.
Its just a nice area. Lots of development. Tons of nice restaurants. If you've ever been to Florida places are either complete shit or super fancy.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trim rune armor.
is that like selling to open balls
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** King tard of all tards here, i started investing in august .....was up $75k and gave it all back and now I’m salty as fuck and need to yolo my whole account on trying to get that profit back ....can you fucksticks direct me to the tendies path next week ?

**URL:** https://redd.it/judbxo
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judbxo) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/jamzkourt, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Nope______________
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Tips please
She told me that she wanted to hold. She’s been buying stocks for a lot longer than me.
I bet it’ll open 366 remember me Monday
3x is nothing compared to SPY 0DTE.
NIO 11/20 calls any strike
Hey where's that guy yesterday who was sucking GMs cock and calling NIO a NKLA and now GM recalling their Bolts.
Why is everyone so bullish on PLTR?
Wouldn’t you rather just give me 150,000 and know you spent your money changing someone’s life lol
Covid stocks have only been rotated in for a week. Not really fair to rotate back to tech already
Haha check armslist i can still find 762 556 and 9 pretty easily when I search the state. Not too many listings directly in my city but I’ve driven a half hour to meet people a few times this year.
huge privilege (wasted).
Awkward
Titlegore
Bought SQQQ in the Dec2018 "crash". Held after market recovered, held for another year, got rekt.
“Arnold please bless these gains I am about to receive” goes yolo on GNUS stock and calls...
How can I turn 4k into 9k
Tomorrow is Sunday fam
lol
wtf is fintwit?
QED
Sir this is a casino
My grandfather hated it, too much gunfire
Everything is going into NIO puts.
Take your money, dump it in VTSAX and walk away while you’re still $12 ahead.
Look at NIO crushing with the mentions...if this isn’t a bullish indicator I don’t know what is
it's already mooned as much as it can i think. back to reality for the big 3 of china
I think we see the beginning of the sector rotation
Yeah we out here balling at the club...oh wait no it's shut-down.
That ain’t shit 

I wipe my ass with 100k 
I have a 27.7  million dollar family legacy old money portfolio 

That shot fluctuates by 3 million on and off depending on what Apple and google wanna do
Is she looking for a bf?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Mars Mission

**URL:** https://redd.it/judwzy
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judwzy) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/InfamousBreadfruit99, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
InfamousBreadfruit99
OverpricedBagel
Why not buy a price when it is cheap. You think Apple will double in value in a year? ... They may sell in a few months.
But we have a vaccine...  that we know so much about.  That takes 2 doses, and 30 days to become effective.  I don’t think anyone has done the math on how fucking long it is going to take to vaccinate the population - even taking out children and the antivax wackos.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Are they making anything?
you need help
priceeeed innnnn

besides no one cares about that turkey anymore

the fker could barely remember the tiktok ban/deal
FSR
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I've had enough of being responsible with money - how do i make 100K?

**URL:** https://redd.it/judex7
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judex7) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/someuniguy, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Y’all ever get sick of everyone here pretending they are rich with 100 aapl contract at ex. Same fuckers are bitching about their stim checks not coming when you don’t even get them if you make over 125k.
420%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV-dE46JD3k
[deleted]
I agree its a sad testament to our values and the direction we’re taking as a society, but it’s a mistake to think this is temporary and that we’ll suddenly slingshot back to reality. Will things come down eventually? Maybe. Probably even. But if you just play the actual market as it is and be ready to switch gears on a dime, you can’t lose
What's the deal with that show? I know it's about chess, is it actually good
Haha I have considered doing this many times when I was broke. It’s not a bad idea.
The sector rotation is coming tomorrow,premarket
When you are a retard, everything is truth.
The problem is, if you are a pattern day trader you won't get the .30% interest. From what I can tell, you need to not day trade more than 3 times per week for an entire month to get the interest. The 25k deposit threshold doesn't seem to get you out of this rule.
Position or gtfo
That’s nothing when u have millions and are not a poors Failer
Same
How did you calculate IV crush
It's not the best Korea.
Gotta take it easy on leverage and have plenty of reserves so that you don’t lose your shirt in a downturn.
Fuck their cold noodles. Gross af
So am i but those burgers dont flip themselves.
[deleted]
lmao monkies in a mystical land called congress barely could save the airlines...
Put 75% into RKT and GME OTM call debit spreads that are 2 week from expiry and 25% into ATM leaps on them (2022 or 2023), use the premium to buy more leaps and rinse and repeat until the leaps print you 100k
Okay
[deleted]
If u were truly sincere in how u told the story here she seems like a massive bitch to immediately respond with that. Im taking ur word for it. If its true then she's really not worth ur time.

Massive bitch.
Thoughts on South Korea?
Someone’s about to get humbled HARD lmao
Wow joe biden just mandated masks in north dakota!
Go on Grindr sell blow jobs
4-6

[https://chess.org/play/2ae0a23e-3fc7-43ff-8441-d48b7cbb76c8](https://chess.org/play/2ae0a23e-3fc7-43ff-8441-d48b7cbb76c8)
What are the earnings play this week outside of NIO guys? 

Put your play, Strike and date below.

I love you all
Watch spy every day 3:50-3:55 every day. If flat or going up, buy calls <10% OTM >90 days to expiration. Sell next day at open. Rinse and repeat for 4-6 months.
Yup.  Heavily.
15 years for only 800%? Gay! 😂 jk man good shit!
Too many people here thinking that. I have wed expiration and I know I’m fucked. They will drop the market after it close to the nov 20 exp.
yeah gay mods are taking it up the arse as a bribe

&#x200B;

fkin gay if u ask me
Too soon
Umm
-99 to -98
[deleted]
True dat
I hope you got out of those...
[deleted]
I don’t trade. Are you stupid?
But I'm le tired.
This photo gives me anxiety.
riced in
I’ve just had bad luck with it somehow
Fair
[deleted]
Well I’m betting on a gap up Monday so fingers crossed 🤞
How affluent?
Why do people believe this isn't fake and gay?
$12 is $12
Chances TSLA open $430 with GM EV recalls?
40%? Puss
Dots or feathers?
I bought 100 shares when it dipped on Friday
That's a very specific target
We can keep each other warm and fight off rapists by working out at the gym we use for showers. 🤝
Always buy puts on Monday Morning after the pump and sell on Friday.
Weeklies bruh
Damn someone loaded on SPY calls
See you on Monday
lol I spent a few min trying to figure out if you were serious or not. My b
Some people are built different
like the 40 point run it had last week or?
Get a job and make $4.7k
I did this 👍🏼
Looks like a beautiful Wal-Mart
Half the floridaman stories are about a guy in a walmart
Haha the $70C on Nio maybe in your wet dreams buddy. That 33 put looking a little more realistic.
If you're going to trade USD securities with a Canadian broker, open a US denomination account.
WRONG
If it was that great he'd have done it during market hours
Buy ten contracts of anything that will never hit that cost 4k, let expire. Boom: 4k to 10 just like that.
Fuk'd
54C 11/20 Nio stiff as fuck
RIP all ur $$$

We gappin up
This is very similar to what I think. I have ALGT and LUV since they look the strongest. The way these airlines are it seems like the best way to play them is buy when it looks bad and sell when it looks like things are going to get a lot better. Every time they come back when it looks like they won't.
thats the joke....
Cayman gt4 is love. Is life.
Thank you for giving me a list to steer clear from.
Sincerely,

R/bogleheads
I have 4000 warrants and 5000 commons, been in since September
If you get in now, no. I think its oversold at this point. It will bounce back to 280 at the least.

Ppl said the same shit when the knife fell after Trumps Chinese stocks threat and after two weeks the stock jumped up and ppl made tendies on calls. It will bounce.
Probably in his ira
School started back up
 RemindMe! 2 days
[deleted]
On the weekends, bulls are out spending all the money they made and having a good time. Bears are scouring the internet for bad news hoping their puts go from -95% to -90%
[removed]
How can I turn 4.4k to 9.1k
Sounds good looking. When they say shit like that it's because they've tired of being drooled on
By January, middle of the country states are going to be protesting in favor of lockdowns
100%
If you date her boyfriend you'll see her
Well I got 1k in spy puts riding for Monday. Wish me luck.
I love where Im moving to in Orlando. Affluent area. Even the Walmart is nice https://imgur.com/a/csJYe0G
I don’t know what that means but I love it
How can I yolo 4k into 10
🥭, deflation, qqq popped night of election as you prob remember, also virus is safe haven in tech..  blue wave premise was inflationary, major stimulus which would benefit reflation trade, value, cyclicals...
We’re on our way to another one here in OH
Why tf is a random DD pinned? Mod endorsed P&D?
Stimulus will save the airlines
Joe Kernan probably rubs everyone wrong but I find him funny in a weird way.  Also, he makes uptight boy Andrew steam sometimes.
What sign is it
Lol you cant even defend your own play, you know it’s not a very smart bet
I think we go down on Monday
Any other true G’s holding PLTR right now? Can’t wait for Monday baybayyyyy
ER options are almost always losses. There is a super overinflated premium on options close to earnings reports. Wait til after earnings or play the run-up if you want to actually make money.

The premium price in the option is removed after the ER drops.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Trade poorly
SPY 2dte calls or puts. Your choice. It will be really exciting! Buckle up
What begins?
What did it say they deleted it
Didn’t hold overnight. Sold on first dip.
Sounds like an absolute win
That’s always the fat guy’s excuse for not being able to do a pullup
Mod OP's grandma you pussies >:(
Everyone’s Roth IRA is up that much you f🏳️‍🌈ot now bet it all on Boeing puts
Travel stocks PUTSSSSSS
🧐
Huh?
Diamond hands
**karmabiatchwhore** , kminder in **2 weeks** on [**2020-11-29 02:06:17Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-29 02:06:17Z&reminder_id=03c958acd10845a6b6fd7db2cb41489b&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Top_20_most_mentioned_stocks_on_this_sub_color**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju9iq8/top_20_most_mentioned_stocks_on_this_sub_color/gcblauv/?context=3)

>  I will inverse your play. Remind me in 2 weeks.

[**1 OTHER CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-29T02%3A06%3A17%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju9iq8%2Ftop_20_most_mentioned_stocks_on_this_sub_color%2Fgcblauv%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 2 reminders.

^(OP can )[^(**Set timezone, Delete comment, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-29 02:06:17Z&reminder_id=03c958acd10845a6b6fd7db2cb41489b&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can [add an email](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Add%20Email&message=addEmail%21%2003c958acd10845a6b6fd7db2cb41489b%20%0Areplaceme%40example.com%0A%0A%2AEnter%20email%20on%20second%20line%2A) to receive reminder in case you abandon or delete your username.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Citron sold their position and began to short. They are knees deep in the red and need to release to recover some of their losses. They are terrible betting on EV companies. They were short TSLA, PTON, SHOP, W and long Luckin Coffee.
When the bulls are away the bears will play.
You are literally an idiot.
Not only is TSLA in a bullish consolidation pattern with decreasing volume, but every other day we get news of the sale of fossil fueled automobiles being banned in a country by 2030+. It’s a ticking time bomb. Once we crack 440 or so to confirm uptrend,  I’d go long.
is this guy about to become a millionaire?
I'm really bad at the sex. I think he just felt bad for me.
Where’s the 4d chess in space?
Imagine buying TQQQ calls like a retard
He’s not even president yet, that’s on the state level lol
Err did you not watch Trump press conference on Friday... big pump to travel stocks on Monday
[deleted]
Right. 

Basically, flu circulates seasonally, alternating hemispheres. So, (in an over simplified explanation...) we study Australia’s flu season to anticipate/guesstimate the most likely strains to make rounds in the coming year. 

Sometimes we guess well (2018, 2019 were good years)....sometimes not (2017 was bad).  Depending on predominant/circulating strains the efficacy of a flu shot can vary through the season and/or geographically. 

I have nurse (and docs....) colleagues who thought COVID was fake and won’t get vaccinated because “Bill Gates”....

Scrubs don’t make you knowledgeable....
Git eet
Not.
It's easier if you do it all at once
Based and Porsche-pilled
its not that hard..u would have to have that much money to lose in the first place tho
hey bro thoughts on SE?
4-5

[https://chess.org/play/3f655c32-e5fe-4836-b636-3c1f34494f2b](https://chess.org/play/3f655c32-e5fe-4836-b636-3c1f34494f2b)
Friend I’ve won and lost more money then you’ll ever see in your life.

Some weeks I can clean up 100k, other weeks I can lose 200k. It’s just numbers at this point.
2016 just called they want their tendies back
Double the blow.
Jesus fucking christ on a popsicle stick

I can only get so hard
[deleted]
best indicator of the 2020 market*
Chances spy opens above 360 Monday let’s hear it!
Can’t eat McDonalds anymore.  Gives me the shits worse than Taco Bell
Bill Camp in Queens Gambit is og. 

Buddy fucks and I dont just mean on the chess board.
[deleted]
Puussyyy
LOL SLEEPY  GOT ELECTED AND HE LOCK DOWN THE COUNTRY. What a great way to start...
If your last name is not Xi, Hu, Deng, etc. and you're not related to high ranking CCP members, then you should not "invest" in these stocks. It's a pure gamble.
"This is your decision, not his."
very gud ticker me c NIO is still bull in this crowd 

&#x200B;

NIO 1/2030 $9000
[deleted]
[deleted]
I got something nice for you coming right up major cuck
Says the person who was so happy to buy super high IV puts on ACB when it didn't have much to fall. 

I will inverse your play. Remind me in 2 weeks.
Nope
I picked some weird skin off my face with tweezers I got at wmt today.  I think I was able to yank whatever it was without leaving permanent damage and avoided the dermatologist saving $$ for fds.  Small successes like this leads to bigger days ahead.
[deleted]
Shoulda hit her with the “Same” right after
lol just keep pimping yourself out, you’ll make more money probably
U mean like u moved back in during covid? I did that, and all my grad colleagues did too
[deleted]
Is baba fucked?
Love it here. Camping, natural gold deposits, legal weed, cute girls, etc etc
Don’t count out the cayman gt4.

Or the AMG GT
Curious as well
Zoom Puts
And if a Reddit bot can do this imagine what Wall Street algos are doing
Charts, volume and demand (orders)
That feeling is called addiction and there are centers that can help
Looks like a screenshot from the same era you bought the shares. While you waited 100 years people made x4 that much in a day betting on Chinese cars that don’t exist
[removed]
Dumbass
Yeah, you need to def take some time off. If and when you get back into this ONLY do the wheel with save stocks/etfs. 

Or just ignore options totally, which is what the smartest of us do with the majority of our money
Should’ve asked if he’s on this sub
There we go
[removed]
Well this is the most upnosed answer
My girlfriends American and currently living here with me. I will say it’s definitely easier for Americans to migrate here than the other way around. Good luck my man, it’s a beautiful place to live!
Gyna namba wan
While I agree just a bit, this year is the most the market has been out of tune with reality. There’s a ton of pain happening in the real world right now, corporations aren’t the ones that support the economy the regular joe is. Most importantly his tax dollars are. The market is running on nothing but fumes and has been for awhile. It’s the perfect story how the rich get richer and the poor stay poorer. Capitalism
Fuck yeah
How do posts like these get through the mods but I don’t
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** send help to Discord pls

**URL:** https://redd.it/judrrs
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judrrs) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Brocean09, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Brocean09
happierdayz4me2
Myweedalt
Daurs
nautical_narcissist
No he means give him 50k and he can double your 10k for you.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Goal tomorrow is to solo a golf course in as close to two hours as possible. Hopefully I don't get matched up with some goons.
If you have shares, your 15 a share is closer to the bottom than the top. Just a matter of time. Could be December, or the earnings call after, but one of those is going to bankrupt some hedge funds
Sometimes people that are successful in one or a few things, think they are experts in everything.
if i need karma i just sort by new and comment orange man bad. free money
Very rare we see Biologics shipped with liquid N2, mostly dry ice.  You’d better go for shipping companies. There’s a shit ton of dry ice and N2 produced, vaccine won’t pop their earning
emojify!
Are you joking? Pump and dump? You dumb dumbs putting all your chips in NIO. FSR going over 30 bucks soon. Hop in while you can.
Toilet paper is the best indicator of the market.
that's not stupid at all dude, its actually the smartest thing to do right now dude seriously dude, *snorts abruptly*, there is going to be a HUGE HOUSING MARKET CRASH, *snorts twice...* You need to PRESERVE YOUR CAPITAL at all costs, *snorts again and scratches hair furiously,* keep your money safely so you can buy estate AFTER THE CRASH, ITS COMING DUDE *snorts violently* I have been living right there for months now, its OKAY *points at the tent behind the trees, a prostitute is coming out* Have you met my wife Cindy? SHE IS LOVELY
“As an industry as a whole we have not seen a great deal of shortages like we did back when all of this started in March and April,” said Holly Chisa, a spokesperson for Northwest Grocery Association, which represents Fred Meyer, QFC, Safeway and other supermarkets in the region.

You are literally concern trolling.
Euphoric
!emojify
I guess you're not on #teamhustlenosleep
Thank you for the clarification. I saw that dip on APD, what do you think caused it?
Gotta get that reloading setup going.   I hate doing it because I'm working with a single stage press, but it's nice not worrying about finding certain calibers.
How are you seeing the stock price vs IV? Where is this on the website ? I can’t find it
Currently not there anymore, this was in 2016 ish, I’m planning on moving there if I get the opportunity and Canada allows us disease bearing Americans to immigrate when this corona shit is finally over lmao
Huh   ....

You guys really respect CRSR huh.... 

That stock is so good no one wants to make money I guess 🤷‍♂️
HELLA NO
How we feeling about nio I’m living off it
I make lots of money from this android tyvm. You can keep your obamaphone
Positions or ban
Price movement is the truth
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** hi folks sorry if looks stupid to any of you pros out there because i am just a beginner but can someone please confirms or knows about ASC and viassy.com, is it a scam or a real thing as i invested in ASC just by trusting a friend of mine

**URL:** https://redd.it/judr2d
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judr2d) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Letsay123, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
coldiron03
MadejustforWSB
OverpricedBagel
Letsay123
We're your boyfriends now.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
GT2 RS all or nothing baby
Nitroglycerin is very effective at blowing up houses so maybe short some REITs?
Live in a van. It's trendy
He got laid off since !emojify
Another lockdown starting on Monday in Washington State. This state is such a shithole
No, not my brain.
Was this screenshot taken from a windows 95 computer?
no
Lol this thread loves Queens Gambit.
Went to Costco tonight, they’re out of TP again. COST calls & 2023 LEAPs
Yes. Series 7 and 66 are like candy. I’ve had them (10 years expired). Not a big deal and there are so many.
Vibez
Insert some SOB story:  My friend with cancer bought 500 11/20 calls of NIO and needs the money for the treatment, plz don't let it crash.  Citron kills.
Rich!
Damn, how did you save up that much by 26?
Cramer tries to lead sheep to slaughter. He has a restaurant that he took a 5 million day PPP loan for and then cries that business isn’t doing that well...
I have 60c
Are we going to go below 

+ October 30, 2020

+ SPY $326.54
Top is in.. puts on jardinero’s regional bank
Cool now post your all time chart
Idk bro depends on trim level

That gt3rs tho...

Base vs base tho I think GT-R for sure
The only anti-tech thing specific to Democrats that I'm aware of is increased privacy protections, which some people feel is a major business risk but personally sounds overblown. Techies in general lean left and are in major Democrat strongholds, so I guess lobbying wise that might make things easier for them.

Tech doesn't seem to have a special place in Republican hearts. And Trump himself is a liability to any industry just because of his bellicose nature.
Quit being a little pussy. Should've shoved her against the wall and whisper in her ear "your boyfriend doesn't have to know."
[deleted]
She sounds like a cunt
You shouda been like does your boyfriend have a six figure account balance like your boy here
Put it all back, start over and do the opposite of everything you just did.
Time is relative my man. I don’t check Reddit every day. And some of the comments are gold.
Should’ve told her “here’s my number if things dont work out 😉”
Crazy, BC is amazing. Lucky to live here for sure.
I'm not even playing earnings with this stock
did u earn that monie? by being a slavey wagey or by gamblin it here?
Sorry saying in one of the scenarios it could be that there's rumors that they're going to get inclusion so it goes up and then another scenario is where it actually does get inclusion so that it really really goes up? How do we know what day they announce these things?
How fucked are my LI auto calls for Friday? Sell at open?
Probably for the best after that awkward exchange
Because I’d be overpaying in a share for share trade but printing money in overall equity. It’s how you entice someone to make a deal faster... “this is on sale!”
Incel alert.
Max out your company 401k and Roth and you’ll be fine. Can’t touch it and you’ll still invest.
Nah turbo 911 or nothing.. keep the Taurus
I can’t stand a single one of them. That British prick they have in closing bell and Sarah eisen make my blood boil.
You did good for a day or two
[deleted]
You’re more than halfway to 1000% so there’s no reason to take gains yet
Well you should’ve said you got next.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Original OG Yolo FB

**URL:** https://redd.it/judppt
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judppt) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/nagostin23, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
nagostin23
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Myweedalt
Daurs
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
GTR for sure
So we getting NIO 100Cs for this friday
compared to most of society (besides california) thats a decent chunk of change. most dont have that readily available. 

Most people are usually in debt.
This is good and on purpose. Gamestop doesn't need to be starbucks. There were way to fucking many. 

Half my account in gme now. More bullish than when it was at 15
911 for sure
Anyone playing Shoe Carnival ER next week
GT3 RS
[Then sold for substantially less.](https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2019-12-12/ballast-point-rise-fall-constellation-kings-convicts)
Buddy of mine from college is from there, was helping him with some work on a film. Really loved BC tbh.
Today sucked but tomorrow might be better. Only one way to find out, be there bitch.
It’s all fun and games until you get raped in your tent by 8 dudes.
Good luck! Young enough to recover ! Could be at $1.2 million just as easy. You took a risk and it went wrong. Keep taking them as long as you are young you will get there
Facts.  I don’t go to McDonald’s when I’m craving a burger.  I go to McDonald’s when I’m craving McDonald’s.
Ray Dildo going to add to his firms loses
Fauci and Trump with the dump/pump sector rotation
[deleted]
Love your chart - beautiful
that's a fuck ton bruh! have only $100 in JMIA call options
Got all that money and can’t even afford a phone past 2011 lmao. props tho
My boy Ron Insana bitchin back in the summer saying the RH traders were pumping the markets to unrealistic heights.  Gawd I can’t stand him.
Jeez why is this poohdoodoo stock rocketing ? Asian amazon ?
I love Xi Jinping! CCP rules!
I drive by Her house a lot, she donates a shit ton of money locally to try to get people to forget about it
Woah wtf how’d you reply to an invisible post
I think you mentioned it in some answer in this post, but I'm also lazy with no patience, so I just screamed searching for a quick answer.
[deleted]
[removed]
best if I became president, would give tech companies 0% corporate tax rate
Woah dude ur fukt
Last I heard Biden transition team has a ton of former tech execs on it, and he wasn’t really one of the anti-tech candidates, those were Yang, Warren, and Sanders. 

Trump was a danger because he put them in the public and governments crosshairs constantly imo, and threatened legislation every time they didn’t back him. Still, pressure from progressives could also make Biden antagonistic to tech.
What does this say?
You don’t even wanna see my cost basis for Apple
I wish I had your ability. Im 32 and cant save for the life of me.
Biden presidency, less tension with gyna
Can’t see it.
Enjoy your healthy savings account, loser.
Hmmm grew up in Lang town, what you doing there
Yep. Him and "Love To Fuck Bear Asshoe" were the stars of the weekend thread.
Sometimes, in order to do well in the market, you need to tune out all of the noise and just play the charts themselves. It seems counterintuitive because news obviously drives a lot of buying and selling. But if you let the news shape your thesis of what's happening in the market, you'll likely be disappointed and feel like you've been cheated or that the market just doesn't make sense.
Yachty has a virtual event on nov 19th. Buying some spy 11/20 350 next week.
Today was my female coworkers last day and she’s the same age as me. I asked her if I’ll ever see her again jokingly and she was like uhhhh I have a boyfriend and I didn’t know wtf to say to that. I got all red and was like uhh I just meant in general.... and I just said “well cya” and I think that was the last time I’ll ever see her
Uhh yeah, COVID "troll."
XSPA—Express Spa Gang
OTM weeklies for WMT earnings in case they surprise with subscriber numbers
If their market cap is affected by oil prices then I'm sure they fell below Apple when oil futures went negative earlier this year.
I have very wimpy debit spreads for March 21 because that's all I was comfortable with -  an S&P inclusion pump would be awesome!
This reminds me of Trump’s robinhood gif
Porsche 911 or Nissan GT-R?
Excuse me?
then go out there and start an violent revolution to keep your bloated orange daddy in office
[deleted]
I am seeking to maximize my EV in the +/- 1 STDEV movement. I have no protection because I have a view on the underlying movement.
Hell yeah brother
More bullish now than ever before.
I WOKE UP FEELING THE CHEESIEST COACH!!!
Stop being the queef master.
That’s true, the Walmart heir killed a guy and the police let her go
I can’t stop humming that Indian song. It’s fucking good shit.
Well, cuck me.
Thank you for your donations
Can you guys see this or did I just get muted 😒
Just pulled out 1K to buy a new laptop! The very first purchase with trading money ever. I mostly try no to spend it and I started from 6K in may and was soo close to my 25K end of year goal. Sadly this sets me back by 1K but I’ll make up for it.
It would make more sense to share housing before doing something like that unless you're actively seeking to experience that for, I don't know, life or perspective purposes
Ehhh they went public a couple weeks ago by merging with a SPAC, it's not so much a sound investment rather just another EV company to ride the wave of
Yea
My erection says yes 👍🏻
What do you care? You won't see it again.
Puts on Anti-Vaxxers
I mean, that is technically uncorrelated to the market lol.
Are you playing?
Honestly why it raised my eyebrows, we’d be one of the states to fight a lock down the most and people are still losing their shit
As with most start ups, they were probably running thin margins in a competitive industry. Having a 420 festival is pretty much a selling point for APHA for the name recognition.

I'm looking at their brewery photos and their public seating/layout fucking blows. I do see the value in the size of the facility if APHA remodels the interior to suit their growing needs. And it's Atlanta, Georgia ffs so weed ain't no stranger.
She went out to get some milk and won’t be home for a long time.
Yeah I think I posted a comment explaining the sentiment part but it might’ve been in my thread on r/dataisbeautiful
Did you need to sell the call? Or could you have gotten the money some other way?
Lot40 CS is simply divine
Where? How?
Good thing you sold. What are you rolling that into?
Lmao
Shit, my stonks are all big pharma right now. Only one I have mentioned is PFE.
It's probably too late to tell you this as the shrooms should be well and kicked in by now, but if you go in with negative vibes, it's going to affect your trip. Let go of your anxieties, otherwise the rest of your trip is going to be horrible and riddled with doubts. All will be well, she is still with you for a reason bro, stop doubting yourself
Thoughts on ACM
hate you? No, I love the comparison, hopefully people have a more substantive counterargument to SE being the same as JMIA, so that I can get a better understanding of if I should continue holding my calls
That sub will ban you for anything.
Get a gym membership to shower and live in your car
Fuckin Zipf’s law man, just insists on showing up
This is the way!
Only if you don't mind being raped and or robbed.
Just sell the underlying and turn it into a naked call lmao.
[deleted]
Haha, yeah, didn't they get a billion?
Sam’s demographic is mostly middle age/middle class people since it’s got the member ship fee. Also has a lot of Hispanic members but I think that’s just cause of our area. Then some 60+ people
That overworking shit is too real. Like I'm just an American and I couldn't even handle it, so I decided to become homeless. Have never been happier tbh.
Don't we all? Favorite cheat meal is a Big Mac, 20 piece nuggets and a couple mcchickens
Thanks, labels would have helped my autism.
Which is better for tech: A Biden presidency or a Trump presidency, and why?
We'll see how the 183 block is on Monday Open
Thought it looked like Raleigh at first glance... definitely NC
Is $10k a lot of money or am I just poor ?
Listening to Green Day doesnt make you a 🌈🐻
Nope houses are overrated
[deleted]
blocked. The COVID trolls are out in full force tonight.
This is the way
unless the universe needs him (or her) to die...

&#x200B;

there always gotta be that hero to sacrifice or a villian slay

&#x200B;

for every winner thers a loser
goodnight sweet prince
Get rich quick 😎 

Could easly be get poor quick.
this guy fucks
build a DCF and tell me your assumptions-- i doubt you can so dont use words like over/undervalued because you haven't actually done any valuation.

Just say you're gambling and be OK with it.
> Sometimes buying the bottom makes you miss out on most of the move to the top.

Only if you're retarded gamblers like we are and need instant gratification.
Sir this is a casino. However we don't honor those coins here.
3-5

[https://chess.org/play/c64d0369-0adf-41ec-aae8-46f4a17d41f2](https://chess.org/play/c64d0369-0adf-41ec-aae8-46f4a17d41f2)
100% gamble covered call or put on something ridiculous like gnus
One of us
Nope, had no idea honestly.
Edit: about the beer anyhow
25% up? Got to get in early. Up 1415%.
Toilet paper of all things. God people are so stupid.
I want to get out of nio and throw down on pltr
FSR yolo... lemme know how it goes
Wow.  I was way off lol
Stratosphere
That was a whole lot of text when all I needed was the first two words in the title
Would it be stupid to live in a tent/be “homeless” to save $ if you can afford housing?
Get you a mchicken with mac sauce on it along side your next Big Mac.
i used to take pride in translating his comments
Cramer is a fucking madman. Shit cracks me up when they run the “Cramers views do not represent CNBC...” after he goes off the deep end.
Not approved for naked :(
Every company listed has visited the moon except for the only one named after the fucking vehicle that should actually be taking us there.
sure, but at the end of the day, both of these run ups are artificial. The purpose of the stock market is for owners of companies to be compensated for their equity. It has no other purpose. As soon as you buy any stock, you're automatically a bag holder. As such, market makers create these runups for better exits

In other words, any gains made should be considered lucky that you outsmarted [knowingly or otherwise] the lemmings that come after you, because fundamentally the market views you as one.
Hi dad, I’m gay
Yep.  We all become sterile.  I guess my poooots would still expire worthless if that happened.
You need proof of success in trading b!nary options to access the server.
Good now fuck you
Fries
Darker colors are more negative sentiment. The graphing engine I used has an autistic colorblind friendly default color scheme and I was too lazy to figure out how to change it
365
Life is simple. We make choices and we dont look back. 

- Han (fast and furious tokyo drift)
[deleted]
Nio 11/20 calls any strike
Looked them up a bit the other night. Actually like the design. Hate the name. Decent financials?
RKT 29C 12/18
[deleted]
Big cap
I don't like that I'm riled up about another possible toilet paper shortage. I'm sure the stores in my area will have enough after what happened in March and April, but there's still that little bit of fear in my mind that makes me want to go out and get some just in case.
[deleted]
tax free?
Did you get a good view of the demographic that's prepping on your field expedition? Sometimes it's good to get out and see what others are doing because us young folk aren't scared but the older and the immunocompromised are getting spooked by the numbers
Yeet
Lol, quit buying digital coins, the gov will never let it happen unless they own it
370
Time to smell more pussy!
tech goes bak up cause fking boomers think covid goes away over nite  😷  😷  😷
What happen to visionary mind? I miss his emoji fortunes 🔮
What the fuck does the color mean?
Thank you!
Yeah this is delusional. Trump's own government agencies (CISA, the one in charge of election security) have said that there have been no credible claims of fraud. His supporters are being the biggest snowflakes.
BABA 265C Dec 18th
I did the math wrong in my head. He did the $6k max. Thought it needed more than that at +350% to get there, but I was just being dumb.
[deleted]
Karen was a literal fraud. If you open the video description TastyTrade even put a disclaimer on the video.   


 \*\*\*This video is an interview of a past tastytrade guest, Karen Bruton.  We've become aware that she and her firm are currently under SEC investigation for her accounting and reporting practices. Karen is not affiliated with tastytrade in any way other than as a prior guest on our program, last appearing on the network in 2014.  We at tastytrade believe in full and transparent disclosure by money managers and we continue to advocate on behalf of the retail trading community.\*\*\*
On my watchlist ....don’t know if I can hold that long tho
Lend me $200 I’ll pay you back $20 a month for 10 months 0% gain but it’s a lot less reckless than whatever this sub will put you on lol.
7/10 got me to type a response up. In all seriousness, in the event this post is legit, what the fuck OP?
Then I know what I must do
hobinrood
10k today is 50k down the line.   Id recommend LEAPS with IV this low.
Lol pros.
We’re gonna be *rich* bro trust me can’t go tits up
Literally a sign from market makers TSLA 500c 12/11 is currently $4.20 https://imgur.com/9zq1pRo.jpg
Life is simple. We make choices and we dont look back. 

- Han, fast and furious tokyo drift
How do you even get past that captcha bullshit? I took it as a sign not to engage in the retardation cesspool but what can I say you seek your own.
😕
Imagine it turns out these vaccines have side effects but only after 5 years and we all grow second noses
[deleted]
Love Elon but he is retarded
[deleted]
Sick timing. Well played
He's not over 70 with pre-existing conditions, and he's worth 90 billion.  So no, I don't think he'll die of the flu.
Yes, Jan 21.
Paper hands honestly. Either pulling out too soon bc I was down a little or pulling out too early bc I was up a little. Most of my positions were winning trades but I was just too pussy to let them ride out.
The ammo shortage is bonkers. Like I don't give a shit about TP - I can shower and powerwash my b hole like I do 9/10 anyway. But ammo? I'm having to buy from some tiny sporting goods store way tf up in Maine.
And this folks is why you should always just trust that friend of yours
...you realize weed and THC products are legal in a ton of states and that’s not how it works, right?
If we are green this week, VIX might finally drop below 20 for the first time since February.
New Mexico is on full lockdown like back in March starting Monday
Hentai noises are prolly obese dudes acting like chicks
Should've kept the earnings report in mind.
I stopped being bearish awhile ago, especially since the market just rips fucking face A LOT more then it goes down. But I’ll be completely honest, seeing the dread on CNBC and the headline MARKETS IN TURMOIL, brought a fucking smile to my face everyday.

Watching the anchors just fucking melt after 4% daily days literally made my heart so happy.
Macs fucking slap.
[deleted]
Reading more about plntr their work for chase was 😮.

If someone punched in late that's a sign of potential disgruntlement. Lol. Okay. Or just shitty traffic.
Cash it into hundreds, cut them all into five pieces, and tape the remainders with $1 bills, try for change at any and all 7/11s where the 16 year old cashier will almost certainly not notice.
> BKS

dont buy dogshit *headtap*
aka only buy tech
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327791421689131008?s=19

Elon Musk, who said "something extremely bogus" was going on after conflicting results from a rapid test, now says he "most likely" has a "moderate case of covid" with cold-like symptoms
SNE 90c
[deleted]
AR, spitting difference or Walmart HQ. Usually the first to get shipments
Here in Arkansas that’ll lead to you suddenly going missing
𓀐𓂸
He's living the meme that WSB pretends to be. His wife's boyfriend must be so proud
[deleted]
Tsla has paid for my Teslas.
Done
FSR calls
18.50
McDonalds is great and anyone who says otherwise is a spoiled brat.
Go back to r/stocks
This is my goal.
[deleted]
PLTR futures
I’ve spent a winter living in Langley, BC. You guys have great weed. Tf are you talking about?
Testicles.
🤣🤣🤣🤣
spy to ____ monday? fill in the blank
Client gifted me $500. What should I yolo it on?
Thanks man! I appreciate the kind words hahaha I know it’s just money lol I’ll be back
Hahaha yeah that large drop, quickly added up. I sold and got out. Re-entered about 2:00 pm for a quick $4k gain on $45 strike puts.
[deleted]
Even if weed and thc products became 'legal' the government would control who could produce and sell said weed to the masses, like pharmaceuticals, so it's a pretty large bet to guess who would be granted that ability. Probably KODK lol
[deleted]
You clearly cannot read.  662 shares, TSLA.  10 03/24/2023 LEAPS, TSLA.
Are you in CA or NY?
I too, got 1/15 APHA calls so if OP put the effort into this post then it means gets puts. Fml
I love how they pull stories out of there ass everyday to try and explain why the market is acting a certain way.
This is only sub, that you can call some1 retard, and he doesn’t get offended and cocky about it! And I love it!
Yeah - I think because of the covid vaccine money got moved to value stocks and I’m just holding the bags.
lets pretend I was hired by a real brokerage and had to get FINRA licenses. Hypothetically would I not be allowed to shitpost here?
Keep throwing thousands in cash at your L until you win 12 dollars
Like a lead zeppelin.
Only an autist if you put the remaining $800 back in. Peak retard is achieved at 100%, trust
*laughs in Ballast Point*
FSR
The sign we have been waiting for
Can someone please make a Pelosi gang bang deepfake? I’ll pay you in chicken tenders.
You don’t know chit about Canadian weed you yankee fuktard.
I would love an answer to this as well
No, there's multiple plays and scenarios.

The SP skyrocketing is if S&P inclusion does happen.  a 35% move would be a gap up in one day not a slow drip up.

The thesis is that S&P usually does the larger companies 2 weeks prior to rebalancing.  For example Q2 they included etsy and 2 others 2 weeks prior.
Elon got the Rona. Puts on TSLA
Ok Mom
Silly strategy imo. It's like purposefully making an emotional attachment to a certain amount of money be key to your trading strategy.
this isn't wallstreetsimps ban
[removed]
Less than 1/1000 of COVID.
I'll punt, I hate money
wow those pizza slices disappeared, i don't think i even really chewed
You do not understand how contract work for defense/aerospace. 90%+ of the contract bids are throw away because they do not have the manpower, connection, or are just way too high for them.

You can start your own LLC and place a bid. Many defense/aero bids have bigs requiring X number of cleared (security clearance holding) warm bodies. They do not care if 90% of them are useless or not or if the work can be done by 10% of the workforce for cheaper.
What killed you?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Investing advice from an expert

**URL:** https://redd.it/judket
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judket) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/itsOrLuk, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CeasarsDressing
OverpricedBagel
coldiron03
BAN
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
can’t wait for them to be open tho
Alright... on a serious note... you’ll be okay man!   It’s a set back but it’s a lesson learned. Iv been down just as bad before.  That shit hurts.  But keep on hustling boss!
hahahah if you’re so confident put your money where your mouth is
your way of typing is cringe but i second this message
[removed]
I'm in the same boat
Love hearing boomers try to shit on RH traders
No, about 30 mins into.
Oh most definitely for selling
Money over morals
I was laughing pretty hard when I saw this thread, but this comment killed me.
I have 20k and want to turn it to 100k quick, who knows how
If weed isn’t legalized in the next 10 years I would be fucking shocked
Sold it Friday. Also sold another $45 put for $4k gain
It means Get a job at Costco.
That’s *autist to you good sir
Words of wisdom! 🙏
anyone fighting against antifa (nerds)
Ban
Okay. Just a kid talking out his ass while trading a tiny account, if anything.  You clearly have no understanding of fiscal policy.  Biden is beholden to the market, they literally paid for his presidency.  Maybe when you grow up youll learn politicians websites don't dictate their actual policy.
Now imagine if you bought calls
I don’t eat McDonald’s because I can’t afford better. I truly enjoy a Big Mac every now and then.
About as good as BABA
Bruh
Seas of red
[removed]
Ban
I just buy whatever my stock screener says is a good buy. I’m up right now so I mean it’s a solid strat
"When the universe needs a knife, it creates a knife"

The fact that you are here, means the universe needs you. Stay strong man.
[removed]
Home deeps
Yes but will you gamble it or just put it in your savings account :/
Shut up you dumb loser
Dry ice is the registered storage method. Liquid nitrogen is not preferred for literally any biological/chemical storage method. Dry ice is manufactured locally (US) by Air Product and Chemicals (APD) and internationally by Air Liquide (Parent company to Airgas; AIQUY; no options available). There's more than 15 APD plants within two hours of Kalamazoo MI (vaccine manufacturing site) so they'll likely be a preferred provider. 

 APD 12/18 $280
Should’ve sold when the red line went up. Amateur.
Dad?
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Lost £90 today

**URL:** https://redd.it/judj7b
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=judj7b) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/hnzie33, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
notgreatwithstocks
CeasarsDressing
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
You hate me don’t you
Wtf do you think? You bought a fake virtual coin
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I've only been to Vancouver for a day but godamn I love Cuban cigars
Moderna won’t have results until likely near the end of the month

For you retards, that means not before Monday. Lockdowns, dead boomers, reverse WSB sentiment, stonks going down
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Message to whales regarding it

**URL:** https://redd.it/jub7un
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jub7un) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/CoronaEraXpertTrader, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Daurs
CoronaEraXpertTrader
Whoknowsx94
MadejustforWSB
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
?
thanks for this info
My life. I'll be renting until I'm in my 60s at this rate.
ROunDiNg ThE cUrVe
>I do deals 25k to 100kLast one (SERIES B) returned 300% in 90 days (shares).SEED rounds can be 5-15x or more.

HOW!!?
Maybe, if there aren't underlying factors. I guess the Sweetwater peeps just want to sit on money and the APHA peeps think weed is going to be legalized in the next ten years
[deleted]
FDs
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Did a classic WSB move that I felt was my initialization into this subreddit

**URL:** https://redd.it/jub6p1
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jub6p1) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/egyptian_steak, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
egyptian_steak
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Go deeper
Ban
Genius! And you can hire someone to disinfect them and shape them into toilet paper. Now that's how you use money!
Keep playing options that best day might come sooner then you think
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nio is the next SPCE

**URL:** https://redd.it/jub2x0
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jub2x0) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Ned_Flanderz, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CD2471
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
PDD 160c 11/20
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
except this is actually owned by arkf retard
Puts on Sam’s Club
What software are you using?
Nah, will get out prior to earnings. May lose out on some, but I’ll sleep better at night not dealing with IV crush and possible profit taking during AH.
Probably blundered a bunch earlier in game tho
Wasn’t that due to vaccine news in the morning
they do; stock don’t
Looking at the chart, I’m guessing $5000
22
I thought yesterday was the NIO profit-taking day. It'll be really interesting to see if it gets one more ER run up.
moving to toronto permanently next year . can't wait.
Lol
Hey bro pls don’t do that. U should probably talk to a therapist homie
Ya proof then mod
Still holding?
[deleted]
Fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap
Yes fine, delta is probably what will rape you. I just meant that LEAPs have a lot of time value (highest premiums) which makes them the most lucrative options to sell
I’ll ban you.
Damn lmao. Yeah just message me when you got time
sink like a stone
Get some help bro, we all want to watch you lose money here for years to come
It’s good entertainment
Look at the badass we got here guys. So cool that he cheats on all his nonexistent girlfriends and then posts about it on wsb cause he doesn’t have any friends
My life? Not yet brb
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Offline stock trading simulator

**URL:** https://redd.it/jubofx
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jubofx) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/b_wade15, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
LazyMeal
SonOfMeme
EquivalentSelection
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Ban
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[removed]
that's just the dumbass social media engine talking. break free from it's chains. turn your undoubtable negativity on its head and believe absolutely blindly in yourself. it's stupid how much the world will beckon to your will.
Friends, I decided to drive to another Sams Club about 20 minutes away from the one I work at. This club gets about half the foot traffic that ours does. As I suspected, they were out of two of the three brands of toilet paper that we carry, and not much left of the third. I asked one of the associates there and they also were doing one item limit per transaction as well.

One may think that people are just simply shitting a lot more these days. But this is not my view on the matter. We haven’t seen any new Mexican restaurants open up in the area in months. 

With cases of the flu (updated version) skyrocketing, boomers and beckys alike are collectively shitting their metaphorical britches. Now what does this mean for our stocks? I don’t know. I’m retarded. I simply felt it was my duty to share
Me i do
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Another Nio Post!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jubopr
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jubopr) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/sidhu403, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Daurs
EquivalentSelection
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Have you tried turning it off and back on again?
So seems like a great purchase for APHA


Edit: I’ve never tried their beers but yeah beer advocate reviews seem like they’re nothing really special. *THC infused seltzer* though, that would sell.
I watch CNBC during market hours for the comedy.
240 looks like
How’s NIO gonna do Monday?
I'm sure you suck, but nothing is ever that bad.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** This whole sub after going balls deep in NIO calls

**URL:** https://redd.it/jubkci
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jubkci) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Red_leaf96, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Red_leaf96
EquivalentSelection
Z31TL0S
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Good luck my man! Are you planning to hold through the ER?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Rate my portfolio

**URL:** https://redd.it/jubhz4
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jubhz4) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Spiritualgangsterkhb, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
EquivalentSelection
Spiritualgangsterkhb
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
Wow a green acc, never seen one in a million years, you must be the chosen one
Buy 💰 weed 🌳 💸💸💸📈

APHA stonks 🏅🏅🏅GO UP 💯💴🖨
PSTH thank me later and I get a 5% profit cut
First of all, they are the biggest 🌈🐻

They shoot water up their booty hole.

Actually...sounds nice 

Calls on bidets
house Lannister
I’d wait a bit unless you buy long dated
You know some furniture might be a good idea.
Don’t you get it? I’m an enemy of money
haha
Check these out, Ive owned for years now and its still holding strong https://secretlab.co
stem cell lines and escorts
Dude antifa gunna show up with skateboards
Baba 270C Jan 15th
ATAI LifeScience. Will be public soon. Holding company and one company does DMT. 

CMPS does shrooms.
Ha! You’re the person who bought those calls I sold. Thanks for the gas money!
I got some $530c 1/21’s - hoping for a historic run up. Good luck!
They have a ton of RVPs.
Imagine posting this shit on a saturday when you could just be getting drunk instead
[removed]
This is the way
Disagree the best thing is the Montreal escorts there
People will starve while clutching their iPhone 12 Max Pro that coincidently cost $1200
[removed]
Going green by EV is good for the planet, so a vote against China/NIO is a vote against the planet. All in bois
No you’re only up 13%. You see the issue is you ~~are a pussy~~ have shares instead of options. If it was options it would be 1300% instead of 13% you are just missing some zeroes but now you know what to do good luck padawan.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** YOLO Play wanted!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jubqe6
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jubqe6) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Bburr072, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
Rick420-
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Not for them. They are on the level of Sierra Nevada in my personal opinion, just not as widespread. Their branding is exceptional
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Speak to someone bro
Hygiene came from europe, go to asia and south america or africa see how hygenic they are
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nagostin23 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nice
[deleted]
I really don't get what your thesis is period but Tesla gets S&p inclusion? That's not going to make it go up 35% in less than a month
“Hey investors we’re gonna do a ton of work and lose a lot of money, we hope you’re as excited about this opportunity as we are.”
Proof or ban
Sure bud
We’ll see like 55 by Tuesday close lol
Send it to me ill lose it for you
Bro, we already know they will do well on earnings because of the crazy deliveries they have had. Deliveries = fulfilled orders. Not to mention the European pre orders coming in too. Hold through earnings because even if it dips down, NIO day is not too far away
I agree, Canadian Club is actually really good for $20 a half gallon.
How much did you contribute?
[deleted]
Amazon
8000 instead of 330 000 for me on acb
and building products
Buying a house almost two years ago I went in a ton of opendoor homes in phoenix. Might depend on location and price point of the homes.
Why
The negative sentiment on AMD tells you all you need to know about this sub
[removed]
**L**ong-term **E**quity **A**ntici**P**ation **S**ecurities

They are safer in a sense but with the nature of derivatives and probability dictating the high cost.. you won't make as much as anyone on here showing those 10-20-30-40 baggers playing weeklies. Still the standards here for gains are all warped to shit from seeing gains porn akin to a porn addict's warped sexual attractiveness standards. So hell if you make one trade put your whole enchilada on LEAP's and you're right? You still massively beat every hedge fund manager out there.. so, think about that. Ignore all the lottery players here.
This guy is right. Somehow the DMT removes the weed fog. Honest. Not kidding. Just don’t burn the DMT. You will have a headache for days.
Fuck all the way off Shitron
The Reddit API wrapper, praw. Pandas to arrange the data into data frames. Regular expressions for passing. vaderSentiment for the sentiment analysis

Edit: and plotly express for the bar graph. I went a step further and made a dashboard using Dash but I haven’t shown that here since it doesn’t add much it was just an exercise to practice
shut up
Chang that name to luv2fukmarriedDilfs.
If you think europeans smell imagine how africans smell
Soros
puts on this guy
[deleted]
Now it worked. Shit on mobile I didnt see the time counter, would have won the end game otherwise lol
uh from the onset it was a communist psyop. the very idea of upvoting and downvoting people for visibility really fortifies the hive mind. "i dont want to say anything against the grain for fear of inciting the wrath of the mob"
Fucking app. A desperate dude with a lazy wife, a 60h job and kids. My bad
One of the best things about canada is canadian whiskey. Cheers from the great white North. SPXS shares in a big way at close Friday. VXX calls. YOLO. If this isn’t the top I’m pretty fucked. Feels like February...
My comment had absolutely nothing to do with politics.
Coke and whores, duh.
I would rather do puts on the QQQ.
Mind sharing which libraries you used? Interested in building something exactly like this with Python as well
Your grandma is now one of us. All hail the newest retard of WSB
the greatest day of my life will be the day i finally decided to kill myself
"NIO futures" 🤡
That’s awesome bro, you’re not getting into any shares thiugh ?
Spy makes me nervous for some reason
Where you see this
The north is going to sweep
Who said it’s going to be 1200? LOL, more like 350.
Lol! I thought I did?
Next ten year bull run is here
3-4

 [https://chess.org/play/a2edadbd-f397-4197-bc21-ffe2edbde52e](https://chess.org/play/a2edadbd-f397-4197-bc21-ffe2edbde52e)
Bruh they got paid 300 million. They're a craft brewery. That's insane.
Ban
Might want to look at some recent news related to Enbridge.... Michigan gonna fuck em over good.  Governor is shutting down line 5 and the state Supreme Court just flipped Dem so it will be upheld.  They're gonna have to find a new way to move a lot of oil.
Maybe a desk and chair. Also puts.
Man member when ya were getting 600$ to stay home 
A week 

Man that most of felt like AWSOME 

Add that with a Grindr premium membership 

And u were getting laid and getting paid every week 

Living the life!!!
Stocks
Ask him why his stock won't play with us.
Reddit will be kept afloat by China for however much it needs. 

Reddit being owned by China is like Jeff Bezos owning the Washington Post. There was never any intention of it turning a profit. It's used to spread influence.
So your saying calls on jan. 2021
Meanwhile you don’t realize how much noise you’re making
The only way is the way of a mongoloid.
Pikachu
What should I buy?
Lol, why did Sweetwater sell is the real question. Their revenue must rely too much on the festival and brewery tours [both affected by the pandemic]. Much better local beer than their shit
otm spy I suppose, you could get ambitious too probally
Nah only communists invest in CHINA
Yes I was iv crushed. I expected only a 7% pop on earnings from dkng  to get out in the +ve and even that didn’t happen. My bad luck.
Oh how the mighty (TSLA) have fallen
Very cool but try to make some money
Uh retard you just buy low sell high
weekend dow goes from (-0.22%) to (-0.21%)

**and so it begins...**
What’s happening with Nokia EOY?
That's a weird way of spelling NIO
[removed]
Better yet, stonks would go up on hopes of the zombie apocalypse subsiding
Sorry man, do feel guilty now. First short. I believe in NIO 100%
Waiting for crash is major retardation
[deleted]
Yes
Omfg I wish hahaha
[deleted]
You got the right idea my friend hahhaha
I was doing a little DD on it and about lost my shit when I saw it. Reminds me of Ace and Gary's car from the Ambiguously Gay Duo.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**APHA**|**$10**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.17**|**$5.66**|**31448**|**531**
|**APHA**|**$20**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.02**|**$5.66**|**7020**|**80**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhigbwf8h2jv0751vzwtsvlf) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/AllAboutAudition/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
tree fiddy
You whoring yourself out for cheeseburgers again?
Gonna do another share offering soon 🔜
Why?
[deleted]
Lol that’s the dumbest thing I’ve read tonight.
[deleted]
Like I said I can’t sell this mfer anyways.
[deleted]
Who’s winning the first civil war battle?
What’s a good January call I can buy and sit on?
Please dont take advise from anyone here

PLTR Jan 2022 $10
10
Gay
Hello? Is it me you’re looking for?
r/antstreetbets
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not that I have any other options!
Explain her how to set up trailing stop losses, so she will not go negative, and can stay in the ride until it goes negative.
SPY $370 boys. The party aint over!

"Fauci Says Pfizer Vaccine’s Trial Success May Boost Acceptance" - Bloomberg
Huge, bright future. If Melon dies of covfefe though... Better be in Puts
This is me at the casino
Yup
Tesla to 500$ 

Make tendies 

Buy ig thots 

160 iq 

3d chest
Ban
Gg
[deleted]
I wish I could buy calls on number of NIO posts
I am here to entertain, not educate
hahahaha you really think the US government can just print money and allow all this stuff for the end of time? are you for real? i really hope your joking, unlimited QE won’t last forever, we can’t even get another stimulus going, and have you not seen biden’s policies? they go directly after the rich full on, biden does not give 2 shits about the market and it has been said that since day one, trump cares too much and wouldn’t be surprised if he fucks it all up for biden
Can you please explain why this sentence he said is wrong? IV does affect option prices
Lol RH's option discovery is recommending a NIO $52c 11/20 if you "think NIO's going up".
It might take more than that; I see you’re Vegan so my guess is you don’t like a whole lot of meat in your mouth at once and that’s where the real $ is.
Yeah, TSLA broke RSI forever.
45p were .01 at open and hit high of 4.5 or something lol. I bought 49p at .41 and paper handed them at .45 and they hit 4.9 from what I was able to see. I panic sold on the toilet cuz I couldn't see my TA charts on my phone lol
I got banned there for wanting to fuck men in the eso hole and asserting my dominance
It’s good. Let it peak but we short the fuck out of it this time. Schools and businesses will not use it forever, it’s easily accessible but nothing else going for it, no reliable revenue source post covid volume besides trying to be a Skype. Price inflation purely on sentiment. Other apps do it better or will do it better in the future. Likely head and shoulders pattern, will break down all the way to 200 if not lower.
Fauci pump incoming
Aren't we all
If you want more or less guaranteed gains, sell Tuesday. If you want to gamble on a 10 bagger or complete loss, hold through. IV is gonna hurt you bad if you hold
Every single day. The MMs are the media
Before the closing credits, the documentary editorializes that he will "likely never work another 9 to 5 job ever again". thisisthetop.exe
so buy puts, gotcha
Tsla 500 gets u the gains for the thots
"Get woke, go broke" is actually very true. Everything goes to shit once these losers hijack it.
Yea but that was march... Vaccine news and stimulus news could prop up the market even if it does go down a bit. :(

I suppose I could try gambling on shorter time frames.
Lol I forgot about that...yeah such a natural fit
This is the way
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I made this documentary about the next generation of traders!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jucskz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jucskz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Cwilliamn9, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dankbuttmuncher
SirFluffyPuffs
Cwilliamn9
SonOfMeme
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Not toooo stupid, but it tends to backfire in the long run if you don’t consolidate the debt ASAP if you win.
Nice share. Thanks.
i sold my 1/15 7.5cs like 3 months ago lmao
Ur up so no...
I’m holding... please chinese elon
Imagine trying to sum up a millennium old conflict in a paragraph lmfao.
The government loan is on hold pending investigation of insider training, the whole deal reeks of crony capitalism, and a democrat will be taking over in January.

In other words, bull-ish. Hold those shares.
This. I think the influx of new traders like myself has changed the market forever. 😭😭
What’s a safe play than lol I need to gamble
Walmart fat n ugly
Thots only cause headaches
i thinm were gonna drop first
[deleted]
Got banned from r/mma for saying that this Yoder v Granger fight better have a porno ending. It was so boring
Sir this is a Wendy’s 😂
Wish you used them funds on a down payment for a house instead, but yup it’s just money and you’re young. Always more time to make it back.
My prediction is there’s gunna be 800,000 more NIO posts
[removed]
On their way to the fucking moon.
Flipping a coin in graph form.
Yes....I literally put the secret to a Buffet like future at the bottom ;)
Any idea of BABA price?
20
Holding a few 11/20 680c for the fuck of it.
Fellow Torontonian! Best of luck to us, man. The fact that it's been getting dark here around 5pm and working from home really hasnt been doing my mental wellbeing any favours either.
I dont hate it
Smallest peen gets a third cookie
You guys are beyond retarded for thinking *fucking GameStop* will compete with MS, Sony, or any of the gazillion marketplaces on PC in the digital space. Or compete with Amazon, who has same day shipping for physical releases.

The only way they're staying alive is by pumping their stock. That's not sustainable.
F
King tard for sure
Python
Getting onto the unusual activities scanner would be my guess
That wasn’t based on financials, it was based on fear/uncertainty
Hold that shit
12
i’m buying volatility lmao not worried about timing
If someone has more debt than assets they are insolvent so that argument isn't too comforting
>PSTH shares and you’ll make money, options and you’ll be posting screenshots next week to cope with your loss.

Yes but its not FUNNNNNN!!!!!!!
This is the true spirit of WSB.
Most those ig thots use a ton of photoshop
https://chess.org/play/926ac4b7-84e7-40cd-a138-f856e4bbaf7f
pltr EOY predix?
We are all waiting
[deleted]
[removed]
I think the larger issue is being drunk during market hours
I camed
GG
I have 10K. :(
Do another one!
<3
Link or ban
How much do you think market makers coordinate with the media to release stories to explain sell offs or to make stocks moon?
Wrong sub you had too much text compared to emojis
SOLO SHARES SOLO TO THE MOON
...no, I plan on selling on any significant pop. You know you don't actually need options to go ITM to profit, right guy?
Apartment neighbors blasting music

Home prices up double digits YoY

Savings account giving 0.6% interest on down payment

Market open can't come soon enough
They both are made to take you from A to B pal.
Tesla to 500. Life hasn’t been the same since ATH
I saw a pic of a Model 3... buy TSLA
Tesla and Zoom have to rebound soon I believe
That hits too close to home :d
How’s you lose that much? You bought SQQQ at the end of March and kept holding?
Give me 50k I’ll double it for you
Welcome to gambling retard. 

The point isn’t to win. 

It’s to get as much of a rush as possible before you lose it all, so you can jerk off to the memory for the next few months as you save up your paychecks to try again
[deleted]
China wouldn’t pay for something that doesn’t allow to make fun of gay people. (saying gay or ####ot is not but Reddit thinks so)
Weather's shitty, market's closed, state's about to enter lockdown. 

All I have are you guys.

...

^(I'm afraid...)
Oh we all know it we just don't give a shit. I am trying to make a quick buck not get job there.
I feel dumb as fuck for not taking my initial funds out
TSLA had been exciting for me all year. Way up, way down (my bad), plenty of money to be made of you're willing to ride it like a bitch, 40 contacts a day kinda thing. It's a great car too. Hope to own one soon
I believe percentage is wrong idk why. It’s gained 642$ with 3 contracts so not horrible for investing ≈130ish each
[removed]
wtf my fridge and car got hacked when i clicked this link
I work again tomorrow. I’ll be sure to let you know our toilet paper situation then too
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Your life must be very vanilla, because I can think of WAY worse shit I’ve done. Ever had a 6-inch q-tip shoved up your dick hole, unlubed, because you just couldn’t resist that stripper’s advances?

My man, this is just a mild set back. You will recover with ease. Take a break, and ask the next guy if he wants fries with that order.
[removed]
Cant pay bills if daddy Xi is paying for all your expenses
a big leap
Are you a graphic design nerd or something?

Also, Lambo and Camry do not have anywhere near the same capabilities.
When you average down shit, you only end up with more shit.
Just let that one go.  Buy some bitchcoin
I can confirm no inventory on 3080, but fail to see how insane demand for next 6 months would cause bear outlook
I have to be in the game at all times , it’s a feeling I have to have
Pick 1: Tesla to $500 or IG Thot for the night
The weekend thread during the early summer riots was fucking hilarious too
I would love to learn about option trading if you can help
Wait for a dip and get in SPY/DIA. They are market indexes which give around 7% returns a year.
Jokes on them I sold my calls in the morning when NiO was above 54
That's some rocket physics science shit
He said “SOME” how.
I’m pretty sure Apple was ahead of them briefly earlier in the year before the stock split
If it paid enough to make 100K in a few months...
Your level of retarded is hard to match bro
[removed]
61k better than 0 bruh, you go all in now being emotional and it’ll hit 50k then 40k and lower and lower then you’ll wanna die just chill out fr
Young 20 somethings spouting about things they don't understand and got lucky because of the environment were in. But when things get unpredictable they lose it all. That's my guess but the cringe of the unknown scares me. So we will never know
Fuck winnie and his ugly ass fuckface
[deleted]
If you're here on a Saturday night, I think it has to be investment banking. 

Programming is totally fine as a backup.

Anyone I know who went to law school regrets it and is trying to figure out another thing to do instead.
I’m working through it now. First hundred pages are a snooze fest but it gets good fast
Shit, congrats MU bulls. 😲
lmao theyre not viruses i just played a game
[removed]
NIO @ 30 in saudi arabia fuck..
Worst. Advice. Ever.
yeah for most folks, the hormones wear off eventually and you just don't care anymore.
TSLA 360p , ZM 320P, PLTR Shares, NVDA calls
Thanks it’s pretty awesome!
[deleted]
Did you out in a penny?
Shhh bro you’re letting them in on the secret! Haha been keeping this play to myself for post nio chaos 😂👌 I see tsla running and squeezing out shorts back towards ATH or maybe even above. They’ll have sp500 inclusion, they’ll come out with some huge news, and they’re crush the next earnings with China cars being shipped to Europe.
Fuck waiting for the crash. Might not even happen for another 10 years. Focus on the present and join in on the current bull market and make money, or be a little bitch and miss out on opportunities.
[deleted]
Thought you blundered at the end there.. good game
No because it says guest and I don’t even have an account either lol
[deleted]
Actually a huge lesson in this. Sometimes buying the bottom makes you miss out on most of the move to the top.

I had 100 shitcoin when it was worth $8. Back then shitbase was a p2p service instead of an exchange so I actually paid a fee to sell them. Meaning I got $720 instead of $800.

But if I had held them, there’s no way I would’ve held them to 10k or 16k. Unlike the 1s I bought at 9k average and am still holding. 

The point being, very few people are holding for 5000% gains on shares
I ran into something similar during the March crash, but I stopped myself from continuing after 50% loss. It is very hard I know you think you can do things right but in reality we put ourselves in that tunnel vision that collapses our portfolios. It also isn’t a good time at all to be buying any sort of option with this volatility. Yes people are making some but a lot of the whales of 2019 haven’t reappeared here, it’s too risky.
ez just choose any ticker off the meme stock list and throw 20$ on an option either call or put just flip a coin fuck it
They won a contract they bid against 100 other companies. Competition is there.
r/babystreetbets
Walmart trying to buy TikTok was the funniest thing in 2020 lmao
good game
They probably made one?
r/investing way - 10,100 in a year's time.

r/wallstreetbets way - 50,000 or (10,000) in a month's time.

The choice is obvious.
I getcha, no shame in preserving your money. We’re definitely in uncertain times when it comes to the stock market
[deleted]
2-4

[https://chess.org/play/62a0b3af-970a-4f47-80db-804076a1734e](https://chess.org/play/62a0b3af-970a-4f47-80db-804076a1734e)
That's great. I actually live in Toronto I will be doing the same.
Because there’s no options play besides leaps. The price has pretty much been reliably charted out for the future there’s no question it’s going to grow. Whip your dick out WSB price action? Not so much.
TLSA Leaps, low IV right now and if they get included in the next year it go up bigly
75 probably in a couple of weeks is my guess
Let’s be real. You withdrew the money so you could deposit again and see the confetti flying
Yo, Im willing to lose it. I thought that was clear
Are you serious? 

If I put a Lamborghini and Camry in front of you, which are you going to pick? They both do the exact same thing. 

Presentation is EVERYTHING.
DKNG is probably not a good play for a lockdown
Well the haven’t yet, plus I’ve got diamond hands if they wanna catch em
Blow her fucking mind and teach her how to sell calls
Who knows, they had a pop when they got into the vaccine game. Maybe they'll get another when they announce ultra freezer production, vaccine distribution or administering vaccines as their business forward model.
Def sell before earnings
The name of the company, AES International. It is a cutting edge high-tech firm out of the Midwest awaiting imminent patent approval on the next generation of battery storage detectors that have both huge military and civilian applications now.
Profit. Is. Profit.
Then how are all these people playing without an account...
I do deals 25k to 100k

Last one (SERIES B) returned 300% in 90 days (shares).

SEED rounds can be 5-15x or more.
Just looked that up, yeah that actually fits me.. "you tend to be more sensible than other people around you" totally me.
Yeah hes doing 3.5 LOL
Man I only speak retard , I’m literally brand new to the market ....not sure what this means but I’m willing to try it if you speak kindergarten to me
Everyone scared of Covid like bitch I’m praying this mutates into a 99% fatality rate and turns everyone into zombies. I’d rather live in the walking dead world then this one lol
BIGTIME.  turn 5k into 150k last time.  Then lost it all on the gap ups
[deleted]
I used to be a retard along with everyone else here buying weeklies. That's just a game of chance and after losing way more than I was comfortable, I finally stopped. 

I look at the company news and if I anticipate some catalyst soon, I'll pick up an expiration within 6 months. If I'm uncertain when it'll happen but know it will happen, I look at 1-2 year expiration dates. If the stock price is severely lower than the ATH, I pick up 1 year expiration dates, if not, 2 year expiration dates. If things go wrong, I'll have time on my side to wait it out. The gains aren't as great as weekly or monthly option wins, but after enough wins from LEAPs, it adds up.
If I was Chinese I’d like nio but I ain’t never seen one here. I passed nio at $3 and if I hop in now I’ll get fucked.
Never said which 15 days or which Easter
You probably invested sub 100s during June and invested remaining amount recently before you took the screenshot 🤔
You'll want to play it longer but its solid.

Its called drillkings for a reason tho.
Yes bigly gay, I have the “Professional Retard Certification” from Robinhood yet here I am with this peasant-like flair
BJs and nuru massages
Easy, Glory Hole Operator.  Good luck and I recommend Huggies wipes for easy clean up :)
[deleted]
Guests not allow to sucky sucky
Donnie Pump's whole life in a nutshell.
Lmao
[deleted]
You have two months left. I would just periodically check it and set a price for half of them at a price you can live with and 💎hand the last half.
mixed with business skills
Walmart could have surprising earnings if they announce strong Walmart+ subscriber numbers .. it’s a gamble tho like any earnings
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/badoptionsguy the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It's when you put in so much money that if you lose it, you might leap out a window
Make a video of you pissing in your mouth.
You, sir, are truly retarded

&#x200B;

I commend you
MY crack?
A lot of green, I like it
Oof, I know this feeling. At the same level as you now.
I don’t follow RSI and I have no idea what it mean. All I now is massive hype + CCP backing = tendies. I have 57c which I’m just looking to flip for a quick buck
Yea she’s gonna be high as shit. Has he done it before?
:3 venmo me a grand u retard!!
Chill out man, you can get it back. If you go to $0 you’re going to have a bad time.
[deleted]
We’re just racking up debt. Is there no limit?
[deleted]
[removed]
Just hold
Jan/Feb probably
>Private equity.Retail investors get screwed.Let someone else Hold The Bag.

Its not like a PE firm would take a measly 10K. Also that's not really liquid to make 100K in a few months.
No more 10 baggers. Market will be flat forever
[deleted]
[deleted]
programmer
Market needs just the right amount of rona spice
I remember retarded posts on here awhile back say to buy OTM calls 2021 and 2022. Looks pretty good! Lol
I sold at the top yesterday like any non retard
Smell of bacteria and sweat.  Americans just use deoderant and perfume and cologne more often.
I also put a call on purple beds, it ended up exploding also. Gained a few hundred. My third ever option is GE, which is also gaining positively, expiring January or March in 21.
“How can I get 1,000% return on investment without losing my money?”

WELCOME TO THE THUNDERDOME
BAH GAWD THATS ACB MUSIC
Its 2 grams
Youza autisto
If there are no real catalysts you probably have a better chance just flipping short term spy calls to double your money back but that’s also risky so just be careful
Think of it as 20k worth of entertainment this year. Write it off on taxes or some shit. That's what the rich ppl do, right?
ReOpeN bY EaSteR
You know that reddit admins will ban you for saying this? No joke
[deleted]
[removed]
Codx
You want my flair? 😆
Straddle NIO.  Especially this Tuesday Wednesday.  UUP is down a percent on Friday.  This almost every time equates to a SPY jump.  I hedged a portion of my portfolio on a 2/3 call 1/3 put ratio for SPY.  

Long story short.

66% NIO straddle - min 175% max 250%

33% SPY - EOD ITM weeklies 66% call to 33% put ratio  for a straddle/hedge combo.  125% min 175% max
You’ve earned yourself a KitKat my good sir.
Best of luck. That’s quite the growth for a company like this. But I wish you the best!
Nio calls
Can we get the screenshot of your portfolio too? I want to see where One can go wrong by this much.
In what way?
Guess not.
Doesn't help that hospitals are at or over capacity and short on personnel too. Makes all health issues more fatal. That's part of why it's so important to contain covid.
On the weekly time frame it’s at 90
Actually lol’d thanks
oh 100%, luckily in Canada capital losses carry-on forever so if I ever get a house, and sell for any sort of capital gain, I'm going to deduct the bulk of this from that.
I'm just saying people that are barely sick going to the hospital for a sneeze take up space for actual sick people like total fuckbags. Of course more will die waiting for treatment for their various diseases. You're right, morgues aren't equipped for lots of bodies at once, been that way forever
NVDA 600c 01/21
>SPY POOOTS!!!!!!

Do you really think it would go down so much to turn 10K into 100?
Tesla was like this too...
im sure this is cringey

i feel 2nd hand embarrassment and havent even watched it
Looks like hurricanes are great for home improvement stores
Thats true! It just sucks to see that a few of these stocks would have made life changing gains. Aurora on its original run could have made me $400,000 plus tax free.
No, lost a lot on these.
[deleted]
Now the game actually begins. Welcome brother
[removed]
[https://imgur.com/a/hUNgLWO](https://imgur.com/a/hUNgLWO)
[deleted]
People still play Pokémon Go?
I really like this sub. Also, the solo car is fucking stupid.
[removed]
Well average analyst target for December 2021 is $155 per share so. Do you wanna 3-5x your money in the next 1-2 years? I’d say try and buy Monday morning unless it gaps up before your brokerage allows buying. If it gaps up wait for sell off post earnings. But the new support might be higher than the gap up Monday. Hard to say.
You got iv crushed buying high iv before earnings then after earnings theres was a big drop. Holding through earnings is usually shit. If anything you should have averaged down after earnings. Too late now so I’d say hold if you think it’ll run a little. Otherwise cut your losses. But you have a month so maybe you’ll get a pop. But covid getting worse might not help that. Idk just avoid earnings in the future you’ll generally get screwed
If MGM dramatically dropped or tanked , I would owe money, right?
Avoid weeklies bro those things are the plague for any portfolio.
Still never read dune, does it live up to the hype
Private equity. 

Retail investors get screwed. 

Let someone else Hold The Bag.
Yesterday, a bunch of people were saying it was insanely oversold when it went from 
53->40. Now is the safest time to get in IMO
Anyone here knows when is the crash going? I have been waiting for 6 months  lol
Right but peloton is counting on the subscription money, not the cost of the bike.

If someone buys the bike and then unsubscribes it's not really a win for peloton.
[removed]
YOLO on SOLO 🚀
My graph kind of looks like trump sideways lol
[deleted]
Plug
[deleted]
How much were the contracts?  .01c
dont even think anyone cares about tiktok anymore
NIO and Li
Sources lol
[deleted]
You think it's going to 60 even after earnings? I picked up some 11/20 calls after it dipped yesterday but I was most likely planning on selling tuesday if we get a nice rally before earnings
GME FTW!

Coming in December

Or April

Or early 2022?

Haha
This is a good idea, EEM long.
I bought NIO at $20.02 but since dick face at Citron ruined the fun. I am selling and will hop in when it isn’t this volatile. Its too risky right now
Im going to be averaging in to build a  $10,000 Tesla position starting Monday. I think Tesla has an actual bright future
SPY POOOTS!!!!!!
Yea no shit!  Wtf
For you to 'get into' options, you're going to have to lie a lot.
[removed]
>history us basically they were put there by Balfour. to mess up the middle  east, then they claimed their book said the land was theirs and shoot anyone and bulldoze houses and journalist. as the book says they own land
Sure,  they'll lockdown everyone on cruise ships
*hugs*
wondering how stupid that is (obviously since i'm considering it)
No SPY?
Not sure either tbh. It was at like 14 or 15 when I purchased
I got 11/27 35P and they never went down even when nio went up. Truly a beautiful experience
All in ARKW
Yeah that was a tiny pop. I started running a diagonal calendar spread with DKNG. I still feel like we are due for a run up. It might have to wait on the super bowl or more states partnering with DKNG
Donnie pump to the rescue 

At least he's trying to save our calls
Just send me your money instead retard
I thought the same idea a while ago (I'm also Canadian) and selling coveres calls and collecting dividends would probably be sweet. I'd sell 1std deviation above or selling puts atm or 1std dev below current price might also yield good results but there are better capitalized companies like msft thatll actually go up
And your last if you know whats best for ya. Don't need to be 50k in the hole. like someone I know...
I literally go all in every time , had 9500 shares of Spaq with margin
retard
How are you tracking the stock price and IV, and is there a way i can do it for free?
Does misanthrope count
Don't make retarded picks
Hey does your gram like autists? Asking for a friend. 

Also how’s her cookie game?
Um... markets are not open today?
weekend dow was off by 1500 points last weekend
Or you could do $150 on 1000 different stocks
[removed]
he is a retard, let him be
Not a bad suggestion, I think about it all the time.
I’m buying wmt calls for earnings which means the stock will tank. Can someone tell me why it will tank? No tiktok deal?
I don't get it. Is Word/PDF not a professional format anymore? And why does the format matter more than the message?
By 'invest' you mean yolo it all on options. Cause this place is a casino, Sir!
Good luck timing that pop. People have said the same shit for half a year now. And TSLA has performed far better than the market.

Again, TSLA skeptic here, I have never bought a TSLA call, but I'm not buying puts on it either.
What’s the plays mid week
Lol it’s just a chess game man.. started a game already with someone
It’s completely fucked how I think of money. Turned $150 to $4.5k on ACB calls last week and I couldn’t help but laugh at it
[deleted]
Anyone else watching NET closely?

Starting to look wedge-like to me. False bear break on Friday, should have thrown in a starter position but I didn't notice it until it had already recovered. Thinking it is going to rip the next tech green day
I get off on the moment a girl first touches my dick through my pants then she gets on her knees and admires it then starts gagging on it out loud
Leaps are far dated expiring options I.e 9/1/2021
he made right much muney
#virus detected, nobody click these chess.org links 🚨

flagged by my browser
Sorry for the losses you will experience next week. NIO is going up.
You def belong here......
Spaq fucked me hard !!! My stop loss got triggered the day before it started it’s $10 to $17 run ....should I buy the top and loss all my money ?
Anyone on here playing DKNG? How are we feeling about the stock going into this week? I feel like it should've had a bigger bounce up given their earnings were pretty solid all things considered, but with covid ramping up again I'm less certain of how we will respond on Monday.
Americans are much bigger fans of antiperspirant than anyone else. Other countries use more often use deodorant when they use something.
I picked up most of these around the end of October after stimulus talks failed before the election after seeing a strong support. I was anticipating a stimulus or vaccine hype rally after that and sure enough, a vaccine hype occurred.

Why these in particular:

WYNN: Been watching their overseas reopening and numbers. MGM and CZR was a close buy but Vegas news weren't too positive after the first round of hotel earnings.

JET: Expected an overall industry boost from either stimulus or vaccine news as well as more lockdowns being lifted.

DAL: imo, they're the top major US airline in terms of financial security so I believed it was unlikely they would drop much more with lots of upside (DAL was around $29 at the time.) LUV was a strong consideration but I didn't see much potential due to the range they operate within.

UAL: A gamble but I'd argue they're #2 for major US airlines in terms of financial security.

I didn't pursue CCL as that's just a game of luck with pump and dump. Cruise lines are truly screwed until covid is gone which isn't anytime soon. It's easier for countries to bar entry into ports for ships on leisure than halting all air traffic. 

I'm actually heavily invested into BA at the moment in anticipation for their re-certification coming soon. ll probably make a YOLO post soon.
Can I work for you?
Well done. Don't forget to deduct your losses from your income tax.
Makes it go up
Can’t even sell it for tax
Fun fact: 19 < 47
Liquidity
1 if you want to be unhappy, 2 if you want to be vitamin d deficient and 3 if you went to devry.
I’ll repeat what someone else pointed out on this sub. 
NIO on the weekly chart is so fucking overbought on the weekly RSI 
you got balls or smooth brains for messing with it right now
Sir please take a week break and regather your thoughts. Not a good road to go down. You’ll hate yourself if it shows $500 left lol.

NET NET brother!!! View it as an expensive learning experience/mistake and keep going. 1-2% position sizes!!
[deleted]
Going to CVS to get some bleach or was it a vaccine? *shrugs shoulders*
[deleted]
yeah but you get to fuck her, there's no such thing as a free lunch
💯
Although I've heard of that name, had no idea it was that big. So what's the deal? Are they a fake oil company or put out fake numbers or something?
[deleted]
Autist might have a point. $22 strike has 22,584 open interest. $21 has 1,247 OI and $20 has 299. This thing is not very liquid at all. But someone definitely betting it goes to $22.
Investment bankers can do fraud
No deodorant or sense of hygiene
[removed]
You'll never go broke taking +60%.

I usually sell intermittently on the way up and hold a few shares indefinitely.
Ya I’m in dental school and half my class is getting fucked by covid as we speak. I call bullshit on your “covid saliva in ur eyeball” fairytale 


I will say all the kids are recovering fine but ur story is bullshit
Subjective area. I think Apple is CRAZY overvalued and has twice the market cap of Google. 

EV is an emerging field with a small amount of players.  This could be similar to the dawn of something like the smartphone. 

No I don’t think they’re overvalued. I don’t think Tesla is either.
What is this bullshit? Isn't there some book that just says buy this for a Buffet like future?
[deleted]
Were you belong
Inflation.  Arguably what the doctor ordered anyways
Fuck I watched it unfold but didn’t have any day trades. Great job
This is the way
 No
Get out 🌈🐻
Is this NCLH’s time?
Dam if you have money like that give me 10k I need a car for work!!!!
Should I be a lawyer, Programmer, or investment banker?
That chart looks like an ekg of a heart attack!!!
https://chess.org/play/46d1c244-05cd-4b8b-b739-227c3067b6f4
[deleted]
[deleted]
15 dAyS tO sLoW tHe sPreAd
Same here!!
Lmfaooo we are retarded as fuck 😂😂 I be doing this all the damn time
lol wtf, its so ugly. It looks like a paper due at midnight started by an undergrad at 11:30 pm
Good boi
Simpler times
Lots of research and eBay.
When everyone says to buy leaps, you have meant buy contracts that would be a “leap” if they hit?  I’m talking like 50% OTM calls, they haven’t been working out like I expected but I keep trying since it’s apparently the safe way to play options.  I guess they are so safe because when you hit one it makes up for the previous 20 that expired worthless?
Lol
Pls this is too advanced for wsb
[removed]
Jeff Prime accidentally [reunited Ireland](https://twitter.com/AmazonHelp/status/1327654526963376128) this morning. 🤣
lol I forgot we still have to pretend Aramco is legit
Targets going to slay their earnings I bet. I am not going to play earnings though because I always lose money when I try.
Not sure but lets think about this.  Someone's going to have to provide CVS with the resources, manpower, and accessibility for them to be the main (or at least ONE of the main) companies to push out the vaccine.  CVS aint coming out of pocket for that shiet.  CDC is a government agency. Government agencies can provide grants...

If I had to guess, based on the aforementioned info, CVS is getting buku bucks to get the vaccine out.  (But just my thot train)
Oh yeah i get the urge to grab a bag of Spam and beans and a bottle of whiskey and live in the woods.  Unfortunately gotta feed the machine that produces the spam and beans.
Kept buying the dip. Holding 95 shares at cost basis of around $271
How introverted are you on a scale of  1 to "Covid barely affected my life"? Me being the latter :P
Nah lol he has maybe 40 spots total split between the 2 parks around half pay 200/month for the spot their trailers are on and he owns the other half of the trailers and charges 400/ month . They’re a lot of work to maintain and shit is always breaking but he’s a really handy dude so pros outweigh the cons for him
All in on baba.
It's actually the perfect time. Anyone who was going to sell already sold Friday. With earnings coming up Tuesday you can expect to see it rally up again and possibly even surpass the ATH. Anyone who says otherwise is because they're shorting NIO. EV's are the future of China and even with the US pasing more deadlines for the ending of gas and diese vehicles you will see this stock continue to rise.
Do you frequently buy expiries beyond a year out? If so how do you choose between 12, 18, 24 months etc?
Nobody exercises here
I mean he's basically saying what all of you know but don't want to admit - that NIO is tesla levels overvalued, supported by idiot retail fomo buying, and there's no realistic way in the short term for their valuation to catch up to their stock price.

It's the ponzi stock valuation method - *"I don't care that this is overvalued because I think it will be more overvalued soon and then I can pass it off to some other idiot for a profit"*
AMZN is free money
https://www.placer.ai/the-square/industry-trends/

interesting site for DD
HTZ Calls
Still waiting for zoom to dump 🙂. That bitch as only pumped
The only explanation I will accept is he threw a dart at a dartboard.
Damn. Why KODK? Edit - can't read my mind is blown 

 Is the actual goal a long term KODK runner? Are you just a Wildman with the craziest scalps this side of the Mississippi? Is this a media stunt for some absurd next-level play? Are you actually hedging this with puts we don't know about? Is this just a random dart? Did you lose a personal bet? All the questions

OP fucks.
Tonight is shaping up to be the slowest night at work in a looooong time. Looks like a night that's mainly gonna be spent on here.
In the last shutdown we paid people $600/week to stay home. This time there is no money to pay anyone.
This single thread =/= the whole sub retard
Don't forget 180 day lock up expire in March. Roll up your profit before that.
Haha you’ll live put more money in the machine and try again. I lost 10k (my whole account) overnight and was devastated. Currently trying to make it back from $1000. There’s gonna be some bumps in the road. Keep trying but don’t make the same mistake twice
If you get the right girl n do it right it's cheaper than a hooker
yes and you should there are many videos on it
How do leaps get theta raped? Theta should be low generally speaking. I mean, a good time to move into leaps would be when Spy is trading sideways for a few days or so just to avoid high volatility but otherwise they seem safe.
😂😂
cheese and whine
Becky says no
He doesn’t cheat because the girl isn’t open, he probably cheats the same reason anyone else does, it’s “forbidden” and they love that feeling of doing something they’re not supposed to be doing
[deleted]
I’m a 28 yo rn who worked on the covid unit at my hospital in New York. I was drowning in the shit, barely had any gear. Just a droplet mask most times, no n95. We ran out of gloves for a while. Barely had face shields, could never find one. Had to suction patients without eye protection, literally had positive covid saliva land in my eyeballs. 
I’m fucking fine. Never got it. Never had symptoms.

Whole thing is overblown in my experience for young guys. I’ve seen some heavy shit and a lot of deaths but 99% were all age over 65 or had some serious preexisting health shit.
Shut the fuck up and buy weekly SPY calls
[deleted]
The guy says: "There's a lot of opportunity if you treat it like a business instead of a gambling slot machine."   


But what service are you providing other than liquidity? And realistically how much is that worth? Making a market for something without enough volume is worth a few cents per contract to the buyer or seller, that's a service you're providing. But if the play depends on a thesis working out, then that's gambling.   


Same with options. What service are you providing? And how much is that service worth? You're providing what amounts to short term portfolio insurance for the person on the other side of the trade, plus making a market for the trade if bid and ask have some distance between them. And how much is that service worth if this really is a business? Maybe a few cents here or there. Definitely more than a bond or a high yield dividend. But if you need the trades to work out consistently, then it's still gambling.   


This guy is gambling. And he's gambling during a pathological year that's unusually good for gamblers. The good thing is that he's patient and smart enough that when the losses come, they will come slowly. Hopefully after he makes enough, he'll just retire to high yield dividends or selling theta.
If it goes against you. Massive.
[deleted]
I dont understand how its up 64,000% FML
All I see is unrealized. This shit is gonna turn upside down at market open Monday
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jamzkourt the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Create a fucking business
Did that with KR last earnings. Only lost about half that amount.
Fsr all in. (I’ll comment ever time I see it lol) And my strike price is 1 btw lol. Forgot to reply earlier. 11/20 1$
[deleted]
Why do Europeans smell so weird? It’s not a horrible smell but it’s very strong odor
Yes, it's too late. Not available anymore.
Im gonna start doing that. I never thought I would actually learn anything from this sub.
I ain’t sellin!! 

Gma 💎 🖐 🤚
So you don't think nio is grossly overvalued?
Oh no way, you mean a once in a century pandemic had a ripple effect on the entire market? No way bro!!

Do you really think they're going to let a crash happen to that severity again?  You know that unlimited QE would print the fuck out of a crash?  Do you really think a new president is going to let the market shit the bed on day 1 of their term, especially if they're going to face the incumbent in 2024?

Show me a track record of your past success this year or just stop posting.  Anyone can talk big without skin in the game.  Doesn't mean you know shit about what you're saying.
You have 10 of the 184 calls that are in rotation, if you are trying to pump a shit stock at least make it more believable like the Lumber Liquidators last year
But then she’ll expect you to pay for everything.
Yes Cramer has been saying this for the last 3 months
Made 27k off ba calls in June. Lost it all hoping to do it again.
[removed]
No joke. This was enough to cause PANIC selling on Friday.
Oh I know, but it already went up and I’m just cashing in.
Very interesting, there's gotta be some psychological need that's not being met in your relationships. Whether you're getting into relationships too quickly with people you're not really interested in or you don't have enough in common with, there has to be a reason.
But* more
[deleted]
[removed]
Lol imagine being in qqq when theres tqqq
Not long if oil takes another beating in December.
Puts on her parenting skills
NIO culled the herd
RH doesn't offer warrants. That's what I was saying. I use TD for warrants. Not sure what EU brokers are good /shit.
If you’re going to listen to the autists in this sub you should skip the options and invest 10k in hookers and blow.
Cries in ups
Lol imagine being 🌈🐻 when you can just go long tech
Yeah man, I’ve hit it big so many times only to chase it again and end up losing it all.
ONE OF US
Seems interesting
Everyone gets a Tesla
If you really want to know what this sub is thinking go to marketstream.io
If you want to pick up a girl just screenshot your account balance. If its less than 250K just use photoshop to “adjust” it...them text it to her and say “YOU LIKE THAT” a la Kirk Cousins
[removed]
I remember texting someone in Feb and we said man it's bad in washington but we probably won't get hit too hard.
Better than half the sub
All in $ATVI puts after looking at r/hearthstone
I choked reading this
In other news, NIO hits a 1000!
Bro please tell me this is a joke🤣
Yes, I still have a safety net so that me and mine don’t go hungry or without shelter.
Dude thank you, my BA calls appreciate it. Despite being up 22K on these BA/RTX calls, i'm not fucking selling.. 220K more like :P
FSR has a bad reputation already for developing some of the most unreliable cars.
Your reading off trumps Twitter. I’m telling you what the courts are saying
These arent NIO calls
[removed]
Wait till it hits bottom and starts another uptrend
Had me at fucking boomers..

Fucking boomers
Mün
lived with parents until 23.
In.
Washington State partially locking down again ([SeattleTimes Link](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/health/inslee-to-ban-indoor-gatherings-and-dining-plus-issue-more-covid-19-restrictions-for-washington-state-industry-sources-say/)).
Next you're going to tell us CVS has walk in flu shots
One a one-per-drop basis I counted losing the job, the house, wife, kids, and dignity. This is the way 🎖
Wait you can do that?
True. Sell calls when it rockets up. Sell puts when it craters.

With a huge cap like MSFT you can't get fucked that bad.
[deleted]
I sold NIO at $3.  Kinda sucks but that's fine.  I've switched from chasing FOMO to trading one or two stocks that I know.  TSLA always welcomes you to Tendie Town, some just need to wait in line a little while.
This curve reminds me of those lie detector tests. Holy balls somebody was nervous there 😂
NIO stays flat this week and put and call holders get screwed 😝
I think you’re projecting buddy. I’m 29 I wish you all the best in your hunt for a girlfriend tho, it’s really not as hard as you think
2-3

[https://chess.org/play/bc4b70f1-430c-447c-98de-1498521e9704](https://chess.org/play/bc4b70f1-430c-447c-98de-1498521e9704)
Covid cases 350,000 per day. 💀 by Dec

AMZN 12/ 3500c 💸 🤑 💲 💵 💰 💸 🤑
Why do none of you retards take profits?
Keep at it. I've been trading for 6 months (heavily in the past 2 weeks) and I'm starting to get much more comfortable. Try paper trading for practice.
Make your own. Relatively easy
[deleted]
nah, that racism isn’t gonna cut it
lmfao have you not noticed how the market moves together in one direction over the past year? if the market tanks tesla will too
A quick google search shows me this https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bloomberg.com/amp/opinion/articles/2020-10-14/opendoor-is-a-13-5-billion-spac-sensation-that-will-buy-your-house


So this is one of Softbank's investment. And like other Softbank's finest, the cash burn is massive - Net loss of 900mil since 2014. In 2019 they booked gross margin of 6% and contribution profit of 0.6%. Also, they projected revenue recovery in 2023? For a "startup" status, their yoy growth is so slow with little to small regards on profitability.


I think I'm going to sit this one out, hopefully things changed in the future tho. Thanks for the DD.
Bruh JB is Donnie T lite. If anything we might see Bill Clinton era market growth. Historically the market has done better under dem adminstrations so keep that in mind. Load up on tech, ev and clean energy otm leaps. Oh and financial sector as well.
[deleted]
10k is 100k stock exposure on an option, non recourse leveraged.. do 20% energy, Xle, rdsa, cvx 20% CCL,DAL 20% JPM and GS 20% alibaba and 20% gold as far from now on an expiry as you can afford.. ideally Jan 22.. throw in a fat TLT to replace anything you don’t like if you think economy will deflate or IEF if you have hope for the reflation.. both cheap as fuck and get a ton of leveraged exposure.. a doubling of the 10 year on a YCC would hit big..
If I had just bought Penn in march

.
Wipe out
[Top Assets by Market Cap](https://companiesmarketcap.com/assets-by-market-cap/)

How long until Apple takes the 2nd spot and when is NIO going to get on this list?
Also is now the #3 specific cause of death in the US. It's not often you get something new cracking the top 10.
I would wait till next year at least.... 

Trust me
The funniest thing about the Citron report is if ANYONE saw that PDF in a vacuum without any knowledge of where it came from, NO ONE would have taken it seriously and if you say otherwise you’re full of shit. 

[PDF in question ](https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf)

This was written in Word in 15 minutes.
No evidence?
- there has been multiple confirmed cases of deceased people that voted for joe biden. With no id verification through this mass delievery of mail in ballots, there was no way to prove you are who you are. (Yes I realize mail in ballots have always been a thing, but on this scale)
- Pennsylvania and Michigan voting centers denied republican poll watchers from monitoring the process. 
- Voting centers giving out sharpies in a conservative county to invalidate their votes.
Nio is doomed just by the demeanor of its supporters. I literally got banned on StockTwits(4 year old account) for typing something negative on NIO(Mass reported, no rebuttal allowed = instant ban)

&#x200B;

Look at this post, being downvoted.

&#x200B;

The pathetic followers of this trash company will get what they deserve.

&#x200B;

Its a nothing company that retrofits another companies cars, with mixed 'likely' stolen tech as every Chinese company does. Nothing new.
We should put Saturday in between Tuesday and Wednesday as a half time break for the week
That's great, I'm talking about Tesla not the market as a whole.
Thanks!
Every breath you take I will be watching you
No its not. It sucks
the thread is so dead. the question is: is it because of all the gains this week and people are just enjoying their money or is it because another batch of wsbers got wiped out. hmm
I saw it at $30 and thought im not touching that, it can't keep going. It kept going.
We need scratch off options.
Long term equities anticipation securities. Calls longer than 1 year
You can just put it in something safe like MSFT. Better than not investing it at all and much better than losing it all on yolo calls. Am I allowed to say that here?
It's not that simple you need to track your cost basis and you can get fucked easily
Ah lol that cracked me up
I was at the hookers today for the first time in 6 months and just walked back out...i feel amazing. its the god damn rocks that do it, had been off it since new years eve an relapsed last weekend
You guys suck
The answers you’re gonna get here: 

a. You’re fkn dumb go to r/investing 
b.  NIO weekly calls all in
Just has to be true.  If he was lying to move the price that would be a different story, but there's nothing to stop short sellers from telling the truth to support their positions.  That's the whole point of short selling, to correct pricing on stocks that are too high by adding selling pressure.
Bought at open?
Wmt earnings this week. 11/20 150c?
Throw all your money on $FSR shares or forever regret it
He meant but more
What is EOS. Is that a stock that’s listing on Monday or?
[deleted]
This is even dumber than yoloing on a mattress stock. I might get in.
V shaped recovery.
Usually an indicator of the top
Wow just went quiet in here
Yea but how much did you actually buy pussy
[deleted]
Pfizer gets paid by the government. Government gives away for free. $1.95B order for 100 million doses.
thats like 2 months from now thats not a leap,  
11.19.21 would be a leap
End of July. Only 3 contracts. Expires 1-15-21
GM and AMD calls looking attractive right now
Granny’s fuckin owning these wsb fucks that keep simpin on TSLA/NIO/AAPL/etc weeklies
Record for today?
Or dead
Sorry, we only have Terry Ho's Yum Yum Sauce here.
Gains are gains
Damn, looks like we took those bitches down a notch for a second in March
 https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Em0XbvdXYAM0N7n?format=jpg&name=large
Pls no help
Maybe u just arent ready to settle down
Don't be a /investing tard

https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/gldmn4/is_zoom_zm_way_overvalued_or_am_i_missing/
People die all the time Man

Cancer , heart attacks and diabetes 

Covid is just bringing More attention to it
Or it might not go away by then
Companies have being doing this for a while now. They “offer” you a 401k with 0% match as if it is better than you can go and arrange yourself and then they act like it is a job perk. Most people are financially illiterate droolers and don’t even question it.
[removed]
[removed]
I agree that community housing should be a thing. My solution is really really basic I’m talking 98% concrete cast high risers without anything complicated maybe not even doors. But make it free roofs with volunteers who get tax write offs for their time or something. Then homeless people or people down on their luck can at least check in for maybe 1,7 or 30 day terms. I dunno not going to write it all out but the fact that some cities completely ignore homelessness is wak
I have a feeling you probably don’t trade
Lmao, rip bud, you bought 50c on the day it finally tanked. Idk why you waited to watch it go up 4 days in a row before buying some options
The universe is a big place
I do. I do gotta gotta get a nut. I’m a good guy really. I just don’t know what comes over me I turn into a Neanderthal sometimes and morals are out the window
If you don't hit Mars, you'll certainly hit WSB Valhalla.  Godspeed.
Selling puts almost never goes tits up. Sell puts. Buying calls almost always goes tits up. Avoid buying calls.

Selling covered calls is free cash in your account.
Couldn’t read all of it but when I scrolled super fast I saw

N

I

O


C

A

L

L

S
You forgot the bailouts.
I got in for the pump, hoping the hype around EV will blindly get associated with FSR.
lol bruh
No because you've probably never had a girlfriend, you're a wannabe douchebag, which is even lamer than an actual douchebag
No, because the casino's table limits prevent you from getting it all back in one bet.
Work fucking sucks.. man, i can't wait to hit my target in the next couple years and fucking retire.. even if that doesn't happen i'd legit almost rather be homeless than work.. we laugh at them but they have the right idea..
Bro u gonna make it in this life :)
Picked up most of these around the end of October after stimulus talks failed before the election. Saw a strong support so I bought in as it was only a matter of time before stimulus or vaccine hype came out. Sure enough, vaccine hype came out. Waiting for another entry point before buying back in on the next hype rally.
im so excited for my puts
Work of art right here
... nice try S.E.C 😏
[deleted]
>your uncle is a meth dealer
Yeah. Borrowed money from my mom to average down in RKT shares.
You have more shares than the ceo
sir, it already left the solar system
🤡
Anyone playing NVDA earnings next week??
Do they sell work at home desk chairs?
Every brand will be selling electrics by then. Maybe even mostly electrics.
A good friend of mine has been in relationships for the entire time I've known him, about 15 years now. He's banged at least 100 girls who weren't his girlfriend during that time.

He's a normal dude, comes from a stable family. Some guys just gotta get a nut.
you think that's the worse its gonna get?

Yolo like you or your loved ones are gonna survive this
Grandma is OG diamond hands
That would be nice
I’ll sum it up for you: DJ played an amazing round. Everyone missed the easiest putts in the world. Tiger was flat. Phil should retire
Nikola has a gravity powered truck ([https://arstechnica.com/cars/2020/09/nikola-admits-prototype-was-rolling-downhill-in-promotional-video/](https://arstechnica.com/cars/2020/09/nikola-admits-prototype-was-rolling-downhill-in-promotional-video/)).
We were the shit hole country all along?
The only comment that made me laugh out loud
They really don’t
I realized I haven't been inside a real casino since I discovered WSB, does being desensitized to 5 figure option losses carry over to a casino?
how many died from the flu this week?
>but you can check my post history, ive been on reddit before. i just deleted and remake account a bunch

LOL if you guys fall for this you really deserve it
QQQ, SPY, and some other ETFs have options that trade for 15 minutes after markets close.
https://youtu.be/ZTpgqqLyAs8
When did you place your call? How many contracts?
Book? What is this some kind of sandwich with words?
fuck yea
But more what?
HD and LOW is the actual smart play here
This is why I love WSB, comments like this
At least they make money on other things, MRNA is basically a huge failure as a company
[deleted]
You know you are in wsb and not r/investing right? Side note - I was averaging down before the earnings for a pop. But the earnings didn’t move it as much as I wanted
We might have this again next year if this bitch mutates
Yeah man screw video games makin cash money is the best game in town
No that’s every four months, that’s why it’s called a quarter
[removed]
Not anymore 😢
Covid vid vid vid vid vid vid 🐦
I'm not quite advanced enough to be an investor myself yet, but I have plenty of clients who have. You really just have to pick a specific market/area and immerse yourself and learn the nuances. Real Estate investing is fairly easy for those who are patient and willing to learn.
😳😳😳😳
Wait for dips before buying MSFT calls, and never do weeklies. Always at least a month out.
Citron recommended buying NIO years ago. Let that sink in. They’re clearly familiar with the company.
“Trying to make a positive impact on everyone’s lives”
PFE vaccine is supposed to be free. How are they actually getting paid? The government through out taxes or they're eating the cost?
[deleted]
Because teslas end goal isnt to just sell a lot of cars. Nios is.
Fucking boomers don’t get it
If EVs take over and transportation is like 50% of oil demand that could be a lot of lost revenue for a pipeline. You’re better off buying tech or something growing.
I read this as “They can smell the mensuration ”
Well grats on parenthood thats pretty badass.
She's gonna moon, boys. I will finally be able to sell at break-even after buying at the top.
You are worse then a idiot. You’re a gay bear
Yeah do $9k into that and use the 1k for other innovative companies, FSR CODX NIO
Take out a personal loan and do it again
Okay cubicle desk cuck. Get a real job lol. Soft ass mf
There is/was a chance, I had some buys set at 12.45 and didn’t get it
Tell her to buy NIO.. I need the boost after that raw Friday.
Told my parents the same; you may not make millions but your return is probably gonna be higher on average...
[deleted]
I’m literally jacking on the NIO hype. I’m more hyped for this than my ps5
This

Edit: MU 90c 1/2021 are free money
My first ever option oddly enough
Your Grandma is the chosen one.
So...puts on everything?
Are you.... an engineer?
Averaging down doesn’t mean you lose less money you fuckjng idiot, get the fuck out of dkng
Oh Lordy Lordy , come out of your caves 🐻🌈
[removed]
Why am I reading young parents dying  of Covid dude shits fucking sucks man hopefully we don’t have something like this again in our lifetime
Stimulus hope brings it over to green
And was bought back immediately after open
I dunno.. how about at the very least we shouldn't have homeless veterans?  Hmm what's better, ensuring chinese companies have the funds to put american ones out of business, OR ensuring soldiers who served don't die on the street
Those boys need cheesus
Rude
But Gyna apparently had minimal covid cases and has cured the country of covid according to Pooh Bear 🐻 , so the Chinese should be in person, in stores, shopping for stuff, and not buying stuff online. Did you bet against Pooh Bear 🐻?
This is the issue that I didn't understand as a bear, I always shorted SPY thinking it would tank if the economy tanked but its literally a diversified aggregate of the top 500 companies in the strongest economy in the world... Even if Covid numbers spike, it's just bullish for the FAAMNG crew and a bunch of other sectors... I'm a fucking idiot 😔
Stop playing leverage and start buying options like the rest of the degenerates on here. You might get upgraded from degenerate to retard if you hit a couple options in a row, and a full spectrum autist if you can learn to make consistent daily gains. Never go full gay bear...   

FYI leveraged has the same reward and 1000x the risk. The furthest an option can go down is to 0. The furthest a leveraged position can go down is bankruptcy. Learning how to price a valued option is where the money is at.
[removed]
You could argue that was the reason they weren't included this past quarter.  They didn't want to cause a squeeze by forcing share buys at 500+ with not enough available shares.  Tesla did dilute stocks by 5%, and the price has since dropped 25%.   I wouldn't be surprised that those 5% of extra shares were sold to certain institutional investors to allow SP inclusion next quarter.
[deleted]
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why is this stickied
Yikes
They're minerals Marie
[deleted]
2-2

[https://chess.org/play/9e23274e-d004-41ac-bee6-24fcc1b612a7](https://chess.org/play/9e23274e-d004-41ac-bee6-24fcc1b612a7)
Oh well shit. That’s easy. Tomorrow is Sunday. What did I win?
Ah fuck im beating it
This is the way
That’s not gambling zzzz
By “build homes” you probably mean sweeping up sawdust and breaking in kneepads.
Nio hitting 60 EOW get those calls
My mom wants to buy 20$ of lotto scratchers but I’m trying to get her to buy eow FD’s instead
Jan 15 35% OTM calls
They’re not options
I want this movie but with Celebrity Death Match claymation
If you can save that money, he’ll yeah. Most people can’t get their ego out of the way, but it’s so practical
Fibs are decent if you know how to use them correctly which many people don't. I don't actually use them to trade but I do sometimes watch those important levels on the bigger time frame. Would need to see other stuff align with that area though.

EM's?
If you'll use it you should get it. Gotta treat yourself outside of yoloing FDs or what's the point
[deleted]
5dte
Si señor
I doubt there’ll be anyone left in California with enough money/credit to buy a car in 2035
100T! spit out my beer. Definitely probable
gg man
Damn. Baller.
Seriously thoguh, can this whole MMT shtick unravel ?
Why are investors buying vaccine stocks?  They are loss leaders.  I understand why you would buy calls on the stocks (because investors are idiots), but why are they so stupid ?
Maybe but not likely
Congrats, Fuck you
Ofcourse, more states already legalized which is still booming. But weed will likely get legalized within the decade. The conversatives who made it illegal for no good reason are doing to leave office and the supporters for it are passing.
you really think all existing car manufacturers are going to just go away when electric happens?  Competition is insane in the car business. I was using Ford as an example of the extreme over-valuing currently on NIO in regards to pure sales figures.  I’d be happy to list every other brand to show you your lunacy. P.S. I bought NIO 2 years ago at $3.79.
Thats the reality. 

When I see shit hit 80% gain. Im not holding. 

Did this with a ton of weed stocks. Locked in 60% gains, instead of 600%.
His account was wiped
About two days before Solo jumped 30% I discovered the stock, but then I looked at the cars and didn’t invest
he has been doing fine for my fantasy football team this year
Yeah man I saw the flurry of bear awards earlier
These will print buy more
Jerome Powell is my daddy
You fucking retard. I love you.
[deleted]
I like how people here state their random guesses with such confidence
Insecurity. Therapy my friend
havent seen that in a while
Upvote me if your an autty
Kid pulling the table cloth is Profit Taker. $NIO is the little kid getting crushed by the bears. 
Pigs get fat.Hogs get slaughtered.
NIO Calls
News flash: people lived and died from the Flu this week too.
1-2

[https://chess.org/play/a65f94f0-6ab6-4164-8dc6-26fc93e04f9a](https://chess.org/play/a65f94f0-6ab6-4164-8dc6-26fc93e04f9a)
Not 100% sure what the other guy was trying to say but I think he meant why would you want to wait to charge your battery when you can just replace the battery. And its not like you can only replace the battery, you would just do it when you need it in occasions. Its actually a better way to maintain your battery since batteries do wear down over time so the maintenance would be taken care of by Nio. The next thing Nio has to do is to get that tech licensed to other cars so they own the standard for it and rake in all that subscription money.
I warned
[deleted]
Not as hard as it seems
You'll get filled alright.
You are trying to pump calls of a stock with almost no liquidity. 184 volume on last trading day? Are you kidding?
Or go below 180 again as people freak out about new hospitalizations and their debt load
It’s a smart move man don’t let anybody get to you
[deleted]
Do as thou wilt I guess my baphomet
This is def something I’ve been putting off lol. It actually resulted in me fomo’ing into something after two days doing it (after seeing what I would’ve made in live trading) and ended up losing my ass on it. Right before tsla split lol. Just have to control my impulses. Anyway, thanks again!
They’ll buy from Nevada
What's a leap?
I don't mean to knit-pick but if you have $20k in the bank, that's not your entire life-savings.
NIO calls, thank me later
hint, rich people don’t like taxes, also they don’t like when capital gains taxes are raised too, also a bigger hint is that the market right now is over reliant on stimulus and government help so when that doesn’t come in we’re in for a bad time
It’s supposed to be, yeah. But didn’t make it so really only spent time in Tokyo as well. But there’s always been something new to see and experience when I’ve gone.
🐻🐻

Bear brothers are watching you
[deleted]
The best aspect of cocaine is being able to binge drink without getting sloppy. My social life has improved significantly.
He has none
So I pick the next NIO from this list. Got it.
Yr probably my soulmate with that Username so Yh I’ll suck yr balls. Try anything once right
Hahahaha you fucking idiot, run away and forget you ever came here before you take advice from here as something you should actually follow; seriously Dick for brains, go find a nice book to crawl back inside - you don’t want none of this we have to offer
Holding through earnings or selling off on Tuesday?
What is cheating on someone like? I imagine if it wasnt fun, less people would be doing it
[deleted]
Corona back in business. Puts at open !
The year is 2028. Covid-19 cases still high, but they rename it to Niozon-28. Jeff Bezos is elected president and AMZN hits $100T market cap after announcing a 1000-1 stock split. NIO is 10T and is still pre-revenue and has shifted their focus to vaccine drones.
An electric Hummer that goes 0-60 in 3 seconds sounds pretty dope. 

That goofy looking tsla truck is toast
I build homes you lazy fuck. Nice try though
Lmfao by your statement I can tell y have very limited knowledge on the history of these lands. It’s not a clear picture like that. This is the most disputed land in the world, with both sides killing each other in droves. If Hamas wasn’t screaming “death to all Jews” in the streets maybe I’d be more sympathetic but when you have the civil rights record of Hamas and Hezbollah it’s hard to side with them...
Anyone telling you to buy leaps right now is selling them to you and wants to rape you for theta
Shit you changed my mind, buying 11/20 $1000c on Monday
[deleted]
Look at the volume of the Nov 20, $21 calls. Only 184 and he is holding 10 of them

Volume of Dec 18, $21 is only 194 and he is holding 13 of them

This guy is about to bag hold and trying to pump a very low liquidity call that no one buy
Lol absolutely. Me today “need to find a nice desk for cheap maybe goto goodwill” also me “wow these aes calls are on the cheap I’ll bet 1 or 2 grand on them”
Im bitter cakes on both stocks. I lost all these horse races. Sold Tesla at $800. Didn’t buy back in when it went full retard. Never got into Nio. But sold SOLO at $5. Another oops.
Hey dude the unemployed basement dwelling asshats are on other subs
How about we don’t. The world would be a much better place
Being right overall but too early is the same as being wrong. Sorrybro.jpg.  Thankfully you are young and have plenty of time to learn from this and make it back.
You mean the (maybe) new president, who has said he wants to convert to green energy and electric cars?  What company in America is most situated to take advantage of such policies?  

Hint: it ain't NIO.

A virus, which is going to be vaccinated, is popping off?  Say it ain't so!

If you think Trump propped up the market for his election do you think Biden (who has many wall street lobbyists) is going to let his first term be sullied by a market that is worse than Trump's?

No wonder you haven't moved outta the basement yet.
180,000 covid cases? Just means QQQ calls to the 🌙
I hope you're right. I was expecting mango to hype up the vaccine way more but all the headlines that came out was about New York not getting it lol. And yeah BABA looks like it should hit a support at 260 which is why I loaded up. Good luck man.
Next week will be $SPCE
You wish. He said 100,000k+, you peasant.
Yeah, Toronto.
EV? Hydrogen?
Give us insider knowledge
looking for an answer to this!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Selling puts on SE before earnings. IV is pricing in a ridonkulous move. I’m either $1500 richer or bag holding 200 shares.
This game is disgusting, how is that position even on the board?
When did you enter these positions exactly? Before the election?
[deleted]
Nah recovery and vaccine stonks go up
i don’t own rocket? i think rocket is a horrible invest lmfao
Vermont is a few hour drive from NYC and Boston. Perfect place for a weekend getaway home.
sucks that you will die never knowing the pleasures of the flesh :(

sad
Sir, this is a casino.

On a serious note, invest in a stable business with good outlook (5-10yr horizon)and sell covered calls for consistent income and a lower cost basis (big tech, consumer staple). Stay away from energy / growth / speculative plays bc it doesn’t sound like 10k is play money for you.
investing all of your money into a strong company that pays dividends isn't what the retards here do. whoever pointed you here was insulting you and being an asshole
Is that all on hertz??
[deleted]
Help her to set a trailing stop loss (or keep manually adjusting the stop) so if it crashes, she only loses so much instead of losing the full crash amount. But set it generously so it doesn’t get stopped out by a down week or something like that. Stops *are* in fact useful for long term traders. Compare it to a circuit breaker, if something goes wrong enough to trip it, you’ve lost power instead of losing the house.
[deleted]
Lol. big.gay is only $6,000 ([https://www.namecheap.com/domains/registration/results/?domain=big.gay](https://www.namecheap.com/domains/registration/results/?domain=big.gay)).
*Deposits $15k on Monday*
If you would have done that at the casino at least you'd have gotten a buffet out of the deal. 

Dumbass
Buy 100 more
Maybe try paper trading and practice selling options to get the hang of it. You got this!
Let's face it LUV2FUKMARRIEDMILFS, I bet you want it more than he does.
There are 75 million boomers, so if we can vaccine 25 million per month, it will take 3 months to vaccinate them all.

Buy February calls.
Dec 18 $25C seems pretty safe, assuming the flight is successful and there is no delay


i will also be watching this first quarter next year. Richard Branson is supposed to take a flight to space Q1 2021 if things go according to plan
Except PCR is highly specific (source: my PhD in biology and doing this shit for far too long). Recent estimates in The Lancet have false-positive rate at roughly 0.8%.
Yes
It has a better chance of pumping 11/16 and 11/17 for the runup. Running after earnings is a 50/50 gamble with a massive possibility of IV crush
You said the bad word 🤭
Monday is gonna be my first day back from six weeks of paternity leave. I checked slack yesterday and sent out resumes today.

Holy fuck I used to love my job. What the hell happened
Thinking of getting some PLTR leaps is that a good idea?
Noted
I had a call and sold it for fisker Friday and sure enough cvs went up after I sold it lol
2000
[removed]
I love all the retards here
Lmao
My uncle owns two small trailer parks and brings in about 8k a month.
I dont think they make smart houses right now, but Nio is trying to grow into a lifestyle brand so its not just about electric cars. Buying one of their cars will grant you access to their office areas and hang out spots. Though I could see them expanding into smart home tech.
Saturdays are the worst days now we drink champagne when we’re thirstay
Options are only for professionals and degenerate gamblers. Get out while you're ahead.
Hm
Did I say 20-30%?  I said they'd have to buy in, I made no speculation as to any price.  But way to show that your reading comprehension is as shit as your logical reasoning.
low risk tolerant ignorant people are becoming high risk tolerant ignorant people

nice, bullish
Football and futures baby
The man who solved the market
California will ban new gasoline car sales by 2035? What car will Californians buy after 2035 then??
Shit
Seriously, whats your reasoning?
You're safe. I have puts expiring on Monday. We'll probably open at $380 for no reason
That is a good point. Next will will be interesting. It seems both sides are very adamant about the direction NIO will go and are out in full force. Time will tell what happens but it’s not clear right now (in my opinion).
I was waiting for someone to break it to him.
[deleted]
Good shit. I hope you fuck the shit out of them
1-1

gg

[https://chess.org/play/7dcc834b-7373-4388-9b45-3b41fab6aabe](https://chess.org/play/7dcc834b-7373-4388-9b45-3b41fab6aabe)
COVID is only a big deal when it's convenient for certain groups.
Of course, borrowed money is not real retard
Pls
Yes please bitchslap me by taking TSLA to 500
yea, ak or ar??
Best bit comment I’ve ever triggered 😂
Yeah because people on there like smelling their own farts
Flat week as rising virus cases and vaccine hopes cancel each other out.
I vote yes. Please notify the SEC to stop the count here, thanks.
Sigh. SPY 400 it is then.
There’s voter fraud in every election 2012, 2008, 2004 etc.. and throughout human history. The evidence provided thus far inclines me to believe its massive this time. It all comes down to the amount. To suggest there’s no fraud in ANY election, is pretty fucking delusional bro.
Try finding someone who’s open to the idea of an open relationship perhaps? Though for that to work you generally need a ton of good communication. We’ll be partly opening things up this year, best of luck!
I heard their photo paper sales have tripled according to my local rite aid's 3rd assistant key manager.
No shot i’m holding calls thru earnings im selling tuesday after run up
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I mean don’t include me in your we all do that. Nofap for years
Missed watching the masters all day. It just skipped my mind. Guess I’m not that into golf
This is the hardest I’ve ever seen anyone work for some lunch money.
BYD isn't just auto though. They have a semiconductor business and China is investing a lot into their own semiconductor industry.
Idiot genius
Also did ENPH when it was at $55 a share and made it go to $37 in a day. 

 Just for it to go back to $50 the very next day
My JETS 19p depend on it
See you next week.
Puff Daddy by JPEGMAFIA
Oh, this is going to be interesting play. Any suggestions?
Lol -- the ultimate reply for someone who disagrees but is unable to form any cohesive argument to refute the point.  You should work for Harris.
My counter rationale:

I think airlines got some love from trump talk. My strike for AAL would be from 13.50$ from the 12$ that its at now. I would not be more ambitious than this,  ut I do think it will be a mini pump.

BABA has been beaten down so far I think 270$ will hit. I wouldn't have all inned on 270 11/20 if I didn't believe it.
My eyeballs exploded at the sight not all the panels were in dark theme
Lol r/investing trashing their own sub and praising wsb. never thought I'd see the day boys.

https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/ju8mz3/is_it_just_me_or_are_people_overly_rude_and/
So you cheated on your right hand with your left? We all do that dude don't worry
Teach her about stop limits
What about Wednesday?
Wait until tomorrow when he announces COVID can be cured by soaking your crack in PCP.  Mooooooooon!
No shit but we’re not getting any lmao
On Monday before open, duh.
Tease
Every girl is a hoe so 🖕
They have better battery tech than Tesla too
Planet > Money
stop buying high and selling low lol
He did say leaps though
I’d say we’re due for circuit breakers. What do you guys think?
Well yeah that’s the most expensive city. If you like cold and skiing vt is your spot
You think it will double before Joe even gets in office? lol rip
Predict the future
Earnings is already factored. I expect no surprises.
You fucking retards waste your money on clothes? The paper bag from a McDonald’s value meal will last 5 times longer than the explosive diarrhea it’ll give you.

Retarded rookies! You all must subscribe to the Fast Money halftime report. Let’s see, homos with tails, fat ass submarine officers, and the rest of Gilligans gang towing the party line of the week. I mean day. I mean hour. At least JB is there to calibrate those dill holes. My most humble opinion of course.
Both sides suck??? There’s only one side who literally stole another people’s land, and actively engage in imperialism and genocide all while claiming to be the victim. 

Do not apologize for Israel’s crimes just to look like a centrist
That’s the real crux. They’re diamonds. Still together and dads in his 70’s. I have just have an insatiable appetite for pussy. Grass is always greener, every, fucking, time.
I love Florida, no one gives a flip about anything in Florida it’s a lawless state
[deleted]
Yea
Lol what kind of question is that.  How do you kno what a debit spread is and ask something so stupid
Withdrew the remaining $800 because I started to realize this shit is actually money and not just fake #’s on a screen
A lot of people have done that actually...
30
I have a nasty feeling market is gapping down on Monday. Mostly because this is one of the few times I haven’t hedged with any puts at all
Bought shares and calls on earnings alone. This is gravy. It’s on its way to $90-100. Market finally got a picture of what Aetna +CVS together is going to look like. Imagine United Health Care and Wall Greens combining into a company...easy money
No who the fuck is meant to be with the same person for a very long time 

bro if u want I’ll let u suck my balls man
From the PRPL post earnings thread lol
I don’t go to uni, money came from inheritance.
Great news for the [MODS](https://www.namecheap.com/domains/registration/gtld/gay/)🌈.
I recommend buying things you want, and then lose money
Can you take your lithium battery car on a plane or is that restriction only on the Galaxy phone?
More rona is better for the market
Why collect rent when you can just buy NIO 11/20 60c
Tesla will stagnate for a while
Got my tonsils out, off work next week.  All doped up right now.  I like to hate my job, but all in all its not bad.  I get sick of being with the same boomers all day long.  

But goddamn, its very clear how unhealthy working full time is.  Two days off and I look two years younger.  Idk how im supposed to keep pumping for 40 more years.  

Come on chums vent to me.
[deleted]
When the hype couldn’t save it, no one else can, Mikes a good guy, but who gives a fuck
If you really want a comparison between Tesla and Nio then please also keep these points in mind:
1. Tesla was founded in 2003, and Elon was not one of its founders. He was an early investor who became chairman and then moved into the CEO spot.
2. The Roadster was the first car Tesla produced from 2005 to 2009 and it was branded like a super car before the Model S came into the picture both of which cost like $80k
3. William Li is not just some nobody, he like Elon who created PayPal, created an app for the used car market in China that he sold for a billion dollars or something.

Nio is following in a lot of Tesla's good steps which means Tesla will surely have first movers advantage. But if Tesla's track record is anything to go by that means Nio has a lot of room to grow. They still haven't expanded to other countries yet which they are preparing for early next year.
Based
I personally know some friends in China. Some folks definitely sugarcoat NIO stock
I'm guessing your parents relationship wasn't a good enough example
It only says you lost 96%, you have more to lose
Legit. I was a bear for so long because of that sub validating my anxiety around COVID. Lost so much money on that shit. Started making money now 👌
Anyone hear actually ever take a loan so they can "invest" in something they thought would work (e.g Tesla/0dte puts etc..)
Does covid 🍉 affect stonk?
Three Body Problem. Science fiction if you’re into that
This is all I can afford to lose https://imgur.com/a/pquqjif
good thing you're literally barely past pubescence, you'll earn it back :)

honestly, if this is real, stop groveling, understand your mistake, and move on. nobody is giving you free money, even if it's your birthday lmfao.
Eh. Both sides suck. I just wish there was one side that didn’t want to kill the other lmfao.
Honestly if you didn’t cry at the end of Marley and Me then fuck you.
Fuckkkkkk youuuuuu this is nice
Yea
When will Moderna news come out, if any?
So many chuds on here you can’t tell the difference between sarcasm and a genuine post anymore 🤷‍♂️
$SPCE what price you think it will spike to short term if the test flight is successful? (flight is set for between Nov 19-23 rn)
I want to work on something like that in the future. I think it would be interesting to see it visualized.
Weekend dow on IG  
[https://www.ig.com/uk/indices/markets-indices/weekend-wall-street](https://www.ig.com/uk/indices/markets-indices/weekend-wall-street)
so how the fuck did you get 30k? Student loans?
Haven’t had a drink in a couple weeks and I’m just irritable. But I’m a curmudgeon anyway so 🤷‍♂️
You clearly don’t know how much Elon has pissed off the SEC
chill out, lol
Imagine thinking there would be a stock market under socialism
$350 for a nice range finder?! Maybe one day I’ll buy that

$500 in ZM puts? Yeah, sure. No problem
Well here's my rationale:

Travel: Corona cases back to ATH, vaccine news is already priced in on the last pump

BABA: Negative headlines popping up with Xi personally shutting down Ant IPO

Both expecting a dump
I do but I know in the end it’s the right move. I’ve been through so much the last 10 years dropping out of med school and all that. All I really care about is securing my future.
reflaired and banned.
Those stores rape suppliers and have been open. Literally selling free inventory to house wives
What the fuck does that even mean? Why am I in this sub I don’t understand any of the terms🤓
Good one
I just wish someone would clap Israel’s bitch ass.
Holy shit you absolute retard my post was sarcasm and I voted for Bernie
chinga tu madre
I buy plenty of hookers with my tendies sir.
This made me laugh quite hard
But how
Can I close call debit spread before expiration?
meth and you'll be fucking and no sleeps
You guys are my only friends
I just need one more green day Monday please. I bought calls on the dip Friday
Nio cars looking sweet would def pick one up if they sold in the states
Your grandma will perform better than 90% of this sub for sure.
BA should continue its climb to $216 and then a retest of $230 next week. If the moderna vaccine news comes out and the data is positive then it could hit $250.
No cause you never cheated then
BABA ain’t AMZN. And yet, here we are.
I actually agree that's not a bad move but I don't think you'd see significant profits since you probably wouldn't want to do anything too risky.
Yes
[deleted]
This will get you cancelled nowadays.
Its eshuthe rfuckup
[deleted]
[deleted]
just sort articles by new and skip the comments. you only need to have an understanding of how things are. takes like a minute. you don't have to sit in there and actually read that shit.
Nice
You said June 14th. You basically called the June crash
The worst I’ve seen was during the election.
Why didn't she put down her phone and go collect her child to make sure she didn't fall on her head? I know, I know...take that gay shit back to r/investing
weekend dow is keepin me up at night
Every so often I try putting in 500 into a gambling account and try making my way up to a couple thousand. I find what kills me every time is the greed, I choose the right direction but too far OTM and I get fucked 😪
Fuck me retard
My buttcheeks
Only if you're a central bank.
Are you gonna be able to make your own dentist appointments when your parents die?
Nice
i see  Pinocchio with a boner
Yo that phat .1 percent
Hmmm more tensions with Israel and Hamas, I just wish there was a data storage company partially funded by the CIA to store these events safely....
Nice
And I assume the massive spike in hospitalizations is false positives too?
Designed not to fail does not mean designed not to go down idiot
Anybody here successfully make it with real estate ?  I’m talking at least 50k a year and what market
I’ve cheated on every girlfriend I ever had. Is there something wrong with me
Its socialism for the wealthy and corporations. Capitalism for you and I.
Go behind the dumpster at Wendy’s. You’ll get filled with information
Do you know where you're at, son?
ur mom
Sheeeeiiiiiiittttttttt
Yes but thats how it works sorry
Stranger in the woods
You’re about a 2 weeks late bubba
I actually love this.
the news better shut up about all this record cases bullshit until the 18th, my calls don't wanna hear it
[deleted]
It begun $1000 loss until I added 5 times. Now it’s nearing my life savings lol :(
damn that low iq must be kicking in. its like the CBD of IQ
[deleted]
F
You keep asserting this but I don't know what you're basing it on. Empires fall all the time, the U.S. is clearly past its prime.
Achy Breaky Heart
So what will SPY bounce off next?
It’s not over man. Real estate, become a landlord and you can make passive income for rest of your life. My dad, me and my brother all do it.
Stocks don’t go down
Burlington. A 3 Bed, 3 Bath home is 670k. Might sound wierd, but I kinda want to move somewhere colder.
They wont, but they keep doubling down on their search efforts lol...they belong here
I want to be financially free fuck work man let’s get retarted
Banks have learned they can avoid defaults by allowing payment skips and add to tail end in perpetuity
[deleted]
So many tough choices.
I hear ya...options and football gambling really preoccupies my mindspace..even when I hit big its not enough because you can always make more..totally unhealthy
Nice story. Seems like you care a little bit, and that’s ok too
I think you’re thinking of capitalism. You know the thing that relies on exploitation, debt, and imperialism instead of actual production.
Nio calls
You know I've lived in Florida my whole life. South florida central North back to south... this is the most spot on description of all time. Salut.
Shit
Up last time. Down bad if theres a crash.

IV will spike
Sounds dumb.
Not gonna lie, you had us in the first half.
And what,  people go in and get snacks after the vaccine? How is CVS going to make significant revenue from this?
Well you can't fuck with us so go and get a fleshlight

🤡
celebrate on wins, and hit it hard on losses
Top Ten Things Institution Investors Don't Want You to Know:   
Option contracts are for 100 shares.
Is nobody talking about $PLUG these days???
Ay like back when NIO was like $4 my boomer neighbor told me to buy it, I bought it. Sold at $5. Then cried myself to sleep every night as I watched it climb to $45
[deleted]
mm, might as well bet on puts, fastest.most gains if it works
[deleted]
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**CVS**|**$75**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-27**|**$0.22**|**$71**|**443**|**138**
|**CVS**|**$80**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.47**|**$71**|**13114**|**394**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhiejlf0gglw0751qfh9mliv) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/mrduckets/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
F
Probably find a sub with less gamblers
That would be impossible to implement and probably a violation of free speech. Assuming the SEC would weigh in on this - how could they possibly quantify how much an entity's opinion can move the markets and how could they decide on a cutoff? You can't simply say Citron said 'X' and the market moved 'Y'. The markets are all over the place as it is.

Also, you say DD's posted on here can't move the markets.. I beg to differ. Have you seen how many fucking subscribers are on here these days? You get DD to the top of this sub for a day and it could be seen by over a million people. Many of which regularly yolo thousands of dollars at the drop of a hat.
Don't lose hope. Come back
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Please show me where he did, or attempted to seize the means of production and create a dictatorship of the proletariat. Communist my ass 😂😂😂

Go back to mainlining Sean Hannity into your brain, take a lap tard.
Marketwatch, jesus always glass half empty.
Why operate a business when you can just collect rent
Damn I never thought I'd see the day when everyone here turned from straight up bulls to bears.
RKT to the moon :)
Bravo! Sei un vero ritardato! Congratulazioni!
Absolutely
coupled with crack and whores and im a happy camper
sucks lol. tuition at idiot university isn't cheap, especially if you're a greedy fuck about it. it's literally a thousand bucks dude, get over it, stop trying to get other people into your looser positions. if you couldn't afford to loose it all, shouldn't have 'invested' it.
My experience also. I can make money, keeping it is another issue.
“I’ll be back” - Arnold voice
Just because of whatever she believes in or is crazy doesn’t mean I won’t stick my dick in her.  I’m not trying to marry the bitch
I think those are the two solid choices this week, ud only lose on an overly ambitious strike tbh. You got nothing to worry bout
this dude makes retarded feel retarded
I'm thinking this next month is gonna be a slow red bleed. Headlines are all gonna be like "markets down as investors concerned over record coronavirus cases"
Planning on STO puts for NIO after earnings don’t live up to the hype
Where is the Cali lockdown ? I don’t see anything posted just not as aggressive at reopening things
Shawty bad
El Paso today, more cities in a few weeks: 

> El Paso nurse’s horrifying story of hospital situation. There is a COVID room nicknamed “the pit” where no doctors enter, patients only get 3 CPR cycles—patients are sent there to just wait, code & die. None has survived “the pit”.
https://twitter.com/DrEricDing/status/1327481868200124416?s=20
LOL
Where did you read this? There is nothing recent about it, last article was from august
NIO is pump and dump. Chinese are good at making up numbers. Do not buy at top now and hold bags. NIO ain’t TSLA. Not even close. Aint TSLA fan but I’m just stating fact. Change my mind if you think differently
😳
😴 Joe leans more to the left than Hillary tho.
Step 1: lose a lot of money
For real I hope so cuz I have that call lol
Call Me Maybe
There are alternate plays in my post.  It's not only a s&p play, it's a run up play for if it doesn't happen.
I’ll be sure to send your Well-fare check don’t worry 😉
I just blew up two accounts. Congrats and fuck you
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jucuxe&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jucuxe&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jucuxe)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^0 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
[removed]
I wish I had her courage.
Idk where you’re looking but they’re cheap af. Could get a dream house for 500k. Prop tax ain’t cheap tho
mate get a drug habit, its cheaper and more fun
[deleted]
This is some Atlas Shrugged shit
I keep debating if I want to spend the money on a PS5 and if would be worth my time 

As I proceed to lose 7k this week 🤡👈
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
AMEN
These options plays you guys do just blow my mind. 

I have no fucking clue how they work no matter how much I read about them.
Exactly.... zoom docu tdoc calls all fkn day
At the very least post reference links to said twitter analysts..
Thats actually a lot. Only a few people actually win big like OP. Most people just end up losing their money
July 14th is trumps birthday.
Yeah maybe don’t make memes of abused animals
I’m pretty old and live in my parents house and condo by choice. Almost all my money goes towards buying rentals. I want to buy my first commercial property next year. I don’t care what people think
Is the new payment system that eBay is going to use going to hurt PayPal a ton? What percent of revenue is from eBay?
Haha yeah I finally got time to plug in diff scenarios on the options calculator and it’s not worth it.
Yes
$25
When I'm lonely I come to you guys.
oh ok so i guess i am looking at it correctly.
Only buy calls on red days
Shits dirt cheap homie
Okay based 👀
✨ r e g e n e r o n ✨
[deleted]
Some time ago many technical professionals quit their high paid job and stayed at home doing day trade. They could sometimes make $2,000 a day. When the stock market crashed they reluctantly went back to work for someone. Most thought that was the great moment to put their skills to work.
[deleted]
Oy vey
good shit that I get mine shipped from Tom Hixson in London
No

Socialism works until you run out of other peoples money

Fuck socialism
Broke ass cry baby ass mf. GO OUTSIDE
Fur sure place be poppin with hotties spending their husbands monies
true
🤔
Lol, respect
I had a trip to Shimane cancelled because of the ‘rona so I’m still bitter.
Hope you come back!!
Same so we all have to be best friends now.
Seriously, fuck these cowards that won't put their money where their mouth is.
damn bro I think if you smoked weed you'd be able to make more sense. Wtf did I just read. lol
Honestly it's your patriotic duty to buy NIO shares/calls. By helping grow NIO market cap, the CCP Elon will have more money to pay their fair share of tariffs going back into the US Treasury. So really buying NIO is the American thing to do. Ask yourself, why do you hate America and what your balance transfer credit limits are for more NIO.
Very cool. How do you find these books usually
GG big man. Bare in mind I’m 10 beers deep tho 😂
Obviously you haven’t read anything on self employed tax increase on his plan 🙃
1-0

gg

[https://chess.org/play/28ab025f-26be-421a-a399-47db82f91065](https://chess.org/play/28ab025f-26be-421a-a399-47db82f91065)
They didn't sell shit this quarter. The paper launch was a ruse to hide the fact that they didn't actually have anything to sell. The only card that you can buy is the 3090, and that's only because no one can afford it. It doesn't even matter if AMD's shit is gonna be better or not because no one is moving any product. 

There's gonna be no pop, and not even a drop, just baited breath.
I had a few thousand dollars of Barnes and Noble Book Sellers (BKS).

They don't exist anymore.

Happy Saturday.
*starts prayer circle*
me too then blasted as I watched the fucker go against me
Give it to me
retarded comment
Ticker?
Dope. I love bmws
I cant even begin to wrap my autist head around this play. You d see returns sooner if you just randomly handed out your money to some retard wsbers and told them to buy random weeklies.

Its trully a retarded play, but i hope you get to rub it in for us basement dwellers. 

Godspeed
Not necessarily but I think mortgage lones car lones and other debts will hit the fan by the end of the year
Neoliberal interesting
If this shit continues going on its current trajectory I am going to retire in South America somewhere with a bunch of cool locals where I know they don’t give a shit and I’ll watch the first world duke it out with all their identity politics bullshit and all the people fighting for somebody else’s money or house and I’ll be 3000 miles away and a 3 hour dirtbike ride from the closest city
Come on man!
If you haven't leveraged your house already what are you even doing here?
Found the 🌈 🐻
Miami is awesome if you can adjust to the heat and speak Spanish. 

Rest of southeast Florida is awesome if you're super old and like golfing. 

The Villages are awesome if you're super old and like orgies. 

Central florida is awesome if you like mosquito and meth.  

Palm Beach is awesome if you want to be close to Donnie and Epstein.

Orlando is like Vegas without gamblng or anything fun.

Northern Florida is just Georgia but with more Tapout shirts.
The fact you managed to acquire that much at 25 is in itself impressive. You're still young brah, you can easily come back and now you have this experience so you know not to repeat the same mistakes
Isn't bridgewater down 18% this year? Foreshadowing.
Had 400 shares @ 1.43 and sold at $5

Go me.
Or cocaine
Would have cost a fortune
Is investing in Communist stocks the Free Market?
[deleted]
It’s also their earnings week
Me and benzos aren't a good combination. Would have the complete opposite effect. So not only would you have someone hallucinating, you'd have someone hallucinating that's also in a fit of rage.
*Scythe* by Neal Shusterman
Truuueee
NIO calls, of course
He read past the first line.
Maybe like some cat pics. Sometimes I get cute chonkers on my search page too :)
Yeah mark this guys post
Or might a sentence issue:

"I'm holding a short position which is a long put at 40 strike"

Nothing is definitive here at WSB
E30 race car
Never give up
Do you even understand the tax implications or are you just a retard that thinks “o no my McDonalds paycheck is going to be a lot smaller now”
Shit you right. Facts are false
[deleted]
Ah not too bad. My graph looks a lot like yours but I was down 75% at my lowest
We aren’t getting socialism. Joe Biden is a borderline right wing centrist.
Good genes
r/palantirbets
First edition “I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream” not the rarest book in my collection but the one with the most sentiment attached to it.
You good we poppin
I feel like you don't have much to worry about a Neoliberal.
You are convinced there was voter fraud and that is the only reason trump lost?
FreeIcecreamAfterDin vs WSB

[https://chess.org/play/49ed3049-f675-4316-9768-06da6d5a7a67](https://chess.org/play/49ed3049-f675-4316-9768-06da6d5a7a67)
That’s fair
I have 100k sitting in cash. I'm seriously considering this but I'm worried.
Is socialism good for the stock market?
It looks like my brain cell count after being here since 2017. I don’t know how to reverse it and at this point, I’m not sure I want it to.
Ok
Care to elaborate?
Imagine being this retarded. Dudes making 30k a year crying about how Jeff Bezos might finally have to pay taxes. 

Your BROKE ASS will not have increased taxes. Take a fuckin’ lap tard
I can't believe I didn't buy calls when Trump got COVID.
That’s fair
Florida is America's basement. You don't want to live there.

It's wet it's filled with mold, strange insects.. Alligators. Alligators are dinosaurs you know that right?
should have used some valium to take the edge off
That dude had more steroids than Barry bonds.
[deleted]
SPY is literally designed never to fail and yet we attempt to short it.

Buy leaps at 360 they'll print.
what is this coded with?
Wow actually solid tip from WSB thanks. Doubt these two will dip hard ahead of their ER despite case numbers
My 2011 self didn’t give no fucks on fb lmao 

https://i.imgur.com/BcBdygV.jpg
I join discord for entertainment
Yah mean - playboicarti
Florida is such a shit hole lol
Fiction - Dune
Non fiction - Blitzed by Norman Ohler
I have 250k usd worth of shares in spce and today I am enjoying in a 5 star resort in Tahoe! Will eat steak tonight
This is the type of content I come here for.
Lmao
It’s not even about the money. It’s about what it’s doing to my dopamine levels. I like to keep a level head and clear conscience and gambling is corrupting me.
So your saying there's a chance!
BULLISH
was already good. had some cake, got fat. didnt have to work out. mail order spinner bride from philippines cooked supper. perfect evening
Bet
This chart looks identical to SPY might as well just buy SPY
He was the friend. The other dude got a share of HEXO....
Depending on how tomorrow goes news-wise, I'm guessing Monday will open red (also I have puts so), but if it does then if it doesn't bleed out in an hour or so I would do 0dte calls. Vice versa if it opens green - I bet it'd bleed by eod. Who knows tho I'm a tad bit of an autist so

356p 11/16
It’s ok I told my dad to yolo his retirement into ZM stock and options when it was about $50 last year but he said it was a bad idea and didn’t do it.
Do you really wanna be friends with anyone on here tho?
buy us rock
[removed]
Now you’re getting it. Calls on this man
I'm holding SOLO 11/20 7.5c for a Monday pump. Fingers crossed
love this DD
Covid pumps tech, not covid pumps everything else. How can you lose? Buy SPY
Yeah this was the thinking that got me to buy in in the first place. I guess I should stick with the plan.
SPCE to the moon next week
You buy stock and stock goes down ya derp
Good
no, I think it's funda-MENTAL
that seems ok
Funny how Trump had covid and pretty much shrugged it off like it was nothing within a week.
Shittttttt
No, technical analysis can’t predict it, may be ta+sentiment+deep analysis
Magic ball? Bullish, NIO 100 EOY
Which far out of the money calls are we pumping?
I would. It will probably run up that week in anticipation of Biden entering office.
> Is there a website(s) that helps give unbiased forecasts of stocks with rising potential like NIO?  

[https://www.uscc.gov/sites/default/files/2020-10/Chinese\_Companies\_on\_US\_Stock\_Exchanges\_10-2020.pdf](https://www.uscc.gov/sites/default/files/2020-10/Chinese_Companies_on_US_Stock_Exchanges_10-2020.pdf)
The Weather Machine

The Gulf

I like non-fiction books.
We are all Chinese nio pumping bots
They don’t have to exercise. Just have to be convinced that buying a bike and subscription will make them fit. It’s obviously working
Bet you’ve bought calls in them tho
Holy fuck. More of whatever this is https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/grr84s/_/fs0zv19/?context=1
Just yoloed on options so I’m all in.
So hows life in Florida?

Been watching Miami Vice for weeks, seems like a place to retire early if it wasn't so fucking expensive

And seems pretty conservative 😎
[deleted]
rocks
fake news


Btw, if you wanted to loose your money, you could also have given it to me.
[deleted]
Hi my names James wanna buy some drugs?
Yep that’s I quit fent
SELLLLLLLLL
[deleted]
Only bet as much as you can afford to lose
I’ve CHANGED
UDN spelled it wrong🤷🏼
THE STOCK IS UDN
BJ to the moon
You can always trust ~~americans~~ people to want to exercise and buy stupid things so they exercise.


Doesn't necessarily mean they will work out after that.
[deleted]
Companies should be required to give weekly financial reports to make things more interesting.
Vacation homes for rich people from Boston and NYC?
That’s trading 212
You her primary beneficiary for sure now lol
Brrrrrrrr based asset price inflation != Bubble
You "had" 5000 shares. So when did you sell them?
This post is not getting enough traction to save my life, I mean positions.
Illinois here
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8xFber2kBY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8xFber2kBY)
Join the bulls or bears, hate the other side
I hope in 1 year we have a 250$ palantir lmfao
Your absolutely nuts and this is why I love this sub mans got more then a quarter million riding on Kodak fucking Kodak
tomorrow is sunday retard
And internet access, so who cares
I check this sub more than I check my email
bullish
U.S. COVID update: Daily death toll at more than 1,000 for 5 days in a row, number in hospital approaching 70,000

- New cases: 163,473
- Positivity rate: 9.9% (-0.2)
- In hospital: 69,455 (+939)
- In ICU: 13,341 (+209)
- New deaths: 1,321
- Data: COVID Tracking Project

https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327768664683196416
F
[deleted]
[deleted]
So will this Reddit be no longer when and or if Biden gets in office? I’m assuming most people will stop options trading with the insane taxes.
Participate. Say interesting or funny things. Be a good person
auto exercised two SPY puts and had a fun little $65k short position
🔮
⬆️ if Green Monday, ⬇️ if Red Monday. Either way, mods are 🏳️‍🌈.



Anyway, my positions: MGI 11/20 8c, SPXL 11/20 62c
Biz class and ambien 😎
Already prepared for launch
Not my style
Hi friend
Its wallstreetbets, not smart investing
Give me one reason why I shouldn’t leverage my house to buy shares to sell covered calls? It’s free money right?
Ski resorts ski resorts.
Useless mods
Good lol
NIO straddles
How can I make friends here
Are you trying to donate??
Because they don't build a lot of homes where not a lot of people live.
Nope I'm just seeing what happens around us and can't see the government giving their 'new rights' away on their own

Won't see that for sure
Still going in?
This is why options suck
We been buying puts bitch
What’s your most prized book?
I'll shop anywhere. I never fit any mold vis a vi my demo. It's all about the best value for me.
[deleted]
Well it shows minus 400 now. Not sure what’s going on lmao
Nio calls safe? Jan 2021 expiry
Thanks. I fought the law is dope. Only issue with mine is that it’s one of 500 for the LA show but he released others from other shows. The other prints from LA are more rare because he never released other versions of those.
No lol
Too far out
Correct. But if you have investments with gains you can realize, those can be balanced out by other losses. You cannot claim stock losses against ordinary income.
Im not reading that but congratulations or whatever
Has anyone read anything interesting lately u can recommend? Bored as shit & dont feel like watching anymore tv
Come on man
Bro Tsla has had 20% days for no reason. It can easily rally 20-30% on S&P inclusion
Lord Jesus himself can confirm this. Check it out https://twitter.com/lordjesussss/status/1326699688402284546?s=21
When I read “Long Delta” I was so happy that someone here was posting about airline stocks, then I realized I’m retarded
Maybe red week due to profit taking
You’re one of those people who frequent to rona sub all day aren’t you?
[removed]
I just stopped a couple weeks ago and boy were the withdrawals crazy. I was hallucinating a shit ton.
Hi dad, I'm dad
Will spacex launch indirectly make TSLA move up or down on Monday?
Went from average of 17m to like 150m or something. For once I'm in it early.
SPY at ATH up 11% ytd hope everyone is making money
It is high? Based on what? Price isn't a factor on how expensive a stock is. Doing a split in fact usually drives price up.
Oh my! This is 4D chess...
🇨🇳
spanish flu happened

some things will change, other things won't
Willing buying calls when it bottomed at -15% offset the IV at all?
Yesterday I put a comment on here about how we ran out of toilet paper at Sam’s club. Today we ran out my 1 pm and ground beef sales are almost double the average day. Again, take of that what you will
I'm Europoor don't judge me 🥺

Fuck taxes I hate socialism
That was more reading than I’ve done in a month so I think I have to follow through also...
PYPL is old tech. They’ll never get over that
Friday it will go back to the 3’s...
Name checks out
Not on Robin hood

Ban
How tf are homes expensive in Vermont? Not alot of people live there.
I like that it doesn’t rely on legalization , but it will only help , since it’s just the equipment to make the product not the actual product , even where it’s illegal there is no law that you can’t sell the equipment to farm it. I put a little bit in every week and it’s been going well.
I ain’t never met a man who shops at Walmart and Whole Foods.
I’m just gonna be an investor from now on. Gambling has taken a toll on my mental health.

I’m gonna be buying insane parlay tickets on the NFL games tomorrow for old time sake.
Ummm, did you forget what day it is?  Maybe if you had posted this Monday morning it would get the wsb pump bump
How tf is it still up
[deleted]
There won't be a reset or something like that

Our western society and economy is in a transformation phase, we won't return

Value is fucked anyways 🤡🔫
[removed]
Ugh. I think I actually need to stop drinking and I am not happy about it.
Damn my bad
im very jealous now. that is one of the best, the only one I like more is the one with "i fought the law and the law won"
Make sure you have consent from the horse first
Preach. My neighbours love this mixtape so much, they invited the police round to enjoy it as well
Good thing SpaceX launch moved till tomorrow. Hopefully futures green tomorrow night.
Free Joe Exotic by Bfb Da Packman
Omg... you’d be better off buying calls in almost any other stock. Why not SPY or TSLA??????
Said fuck it and sold my shares, keeping my call though, mainly because there's no chance in hell anyone will buy a 12/4 22c. If it pops then oh well, I don't mind. Sold my nio positions at a slight loss on Friday before they bounced back up, but again oh well.

I was already into SOLO before this sub started mentioning it here and there, so I threw some more at it in Friday AH. I'm a special one though because I accidently sold all my previous shares at market price right before close, then bought back in during the AH dip so my cost average went from 5 something to 6.20. We love it. I'm seeing it more and more here on the sub. I'm just holding until I see the DD post and all the ev fomo fuckers pump the price. Though I am strongly bullish on them in the long run.
Only time will tell :)
i think i need  to read more about it anyway actually i dont believe im processing it correctly. from what i read, its still going to tax me on my income. the fact im down 30k doesn't really matter, i guess besides the -3k i can apply to this year
I answered the security capcha and the bot ignored me so now I'm just in verification purgatory
All of a sudden some shitty waste water treatment plant operator is worth $20B with a P/E in the quintuple digits.
Calls*
Anyways I just need to make 28k back with the $600 in my RH account lmao
yeah, if u say it enough, itll come true. then enjoy ur 70% taxes
[deleted]
Jelly
Hey man. You seem to be really upset for some reason. I hope your night gets better.
Aw
SOLO death traps.
Dude tesla and AES are poles apart. The link you shared is not a DD or Intel you would bank on. A $23 price target isn't a price target, the stock will inch to that but certainly not a tendies maker.
I hope not. Life is chill now.
Don’t know if you meant shot or shit on this one
Cali locked down
Don’t say that please
WTRH, beat earnings, but went down due to vaccine news. Should have a spike now due to new lockdowns. 

Current autistic position 64 $4C
I've been sober for 5 years thanks to cocaine.
Please Mr. China President, pump these NIO earnings for us 🙏🙏🙏
My Banksy ☺️ https://imgur.com/a/x3dGyT2
"IV is extremely low right now so options are cheap"

You just lost all credibility right here.

Take a chill. It might take a while before inclusion(?) 

After S&P inclusion all that hype is gone and its back ti fundamentals.
Sounds kinda depressing. During normal times it would be much more enjoyable to do a visit to JP in my opinion. I know it’s different if it’s a home for you, but it’s one of my favorite places to visit.
You’re going to have a tough time selling those tomorrow...
[removed]
What if at the end of the year every company has to buy back all their shares at the current share price. And then the next day they all do an IPO at the same time, every company starts fresh and new. It can replace Christmas.
we've had a vaccine coming next month for the last 6 months
I'm a long term pussy, I don't mind
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hold PLTR
I loaded up on puts
Yup buy more puts eod Monday
Good
In reality though I follow no insta models or influencers I just have a lot of irl friends that post thirsty pics which is weird
Pornhub
Bullish for hospitals then.
Only to leg in and buy a lower strike - converting it to a Bull Call spread
Yeah I do! I need help
Shit
Those .png girls are expensive af tbh
I do not hope Monday is red
Market is close tomorrow?
It’s a doomsday cult.
One thing for sure

Normal pre-covid life will never come back
Single seat death traps.
The Chinese stock racket is likely over. They still managed to swindle a ton of money out of Americans though.
You belong
Mainly distance
At least you'll get like 9 awards on reddit for bankrupting yourself
Should you yolo 2k in Nio earning on Tuesday!
ye, me not him. ur retarded if u think he wrote weirdly
creepy all knowing surveillance
you tried raps snacks? shitty marketing but great chips
[removed]
How is that place still open?
Unsubscribing from that subreddit has coincided with me actually making money in the stock market.
Runaway - Kanye west
[deleted]
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Have they started stickying the newest post again?  I forgot they used to do that.
https://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2020/11/feds-update-vaccine-arrival-amid-record-us-covid-19-rise

*May* be available and only 20 million doses at first which go to first responders and hospital staff. 

Doesn't stop cases going up until maybe January or February.
$RKT more like Rekt
it's interesting how the media talks incessantly about how dangerous Trump and his supporters are but then all the videos I see are left wing mobs beating people and destroying everything
No shame taking gain with the market at ATH. Plenty of scenarios that shave off 20% from SPY
Wagyu*
Buy high sell low.  This is the way.
Why hasn't the US been fully infected already?
Nice. I collect rare books. They are my life.
My god
loaded up on travel and BABA, I think I'm f'ed but I'm cool as long as I'm still net positive :(
Cow by Alex G
Why is spce about to go nuts
[deleted]
[removed]
$SPCE is going to $RKT to the $MOON REALLY $FSLY
As soon as Biden rejoins the Paris Accord, NIO, XPEV, and LI gonna moon.
You are pal. You are.
[deleted]
what statistics are you even pulling from?
what did you expect, copium? this thing could easily take years of life. expectancy over entire populations
Really! You can pm me if you want to learn how to become rich, I'll charge you a small fee though since obviously this method will massively outweigh the fee.
True
I haven’t had a solid shot for five years 🍺
Time to buy back in I think...
How is it a flex? Ppl post their positions here all fuckin day
I have the same 300c that I am down heavily on
[deleted]
Reading these 4 comments hurt my smooth brain. Both of you retards write in a very confusing way.
It will get down to $25-$28 after earning. There is no way for nio reach $50 again till end of the year. Tesla just price cut $4000 models Y. So wait till after earning
If you had to put a statistical probability on every day, 12/4 is a much higher chance than any random day. You can also rule out the dates past that which would make the 1 month following 12/4 a net zero chance

The biggest loss you could make other than regular factors is the time decay from Friday to Monday if everything else stays flat

There was a reason that the specific date for q2 rebalancing had such a run up and hype followed by a huge drop
gotcha. thanks for the reassurance on my train of thought though, I could use the money next year to have as some freed up cash in terms of closing on a home. I think it would be smarter to just sell now since i have the losses this year instead of selling in like February
Shit
give me your pie in the sky best case unicorn and rainbows for every man women and child scenario
Why do people think its natural to post private convos with your grandma online?
Occasional drunk cig nbd
I only tossed in a few thousand into GME. It hurts if it doesn't go back up, but I won't lose my mind if not. Either way, Diamondhands.
[stonks](https://i.imgur.com/AuEVvbk.png)
Taking one right now after day drinking 

About to hit it again tho
source?
Good luck my dude. I remember thinking VFF was a sure thing and told people in the world. Now everyone knows I'm a dumb shit. But welcome to the club
Thank you for your sacrifice
Puts on Macy’s for earnings on Thursday?
[deleted]
Its called “StonksOnlyGoUp”
Hold my 🍺
abelincoln 
maga2020
Seismograph strategy?
[deleted]
Yes but also maybe no.
Bankrupting yourself is fine. Bankrupting your grandma is some truly autistic shit..... not cool man
I’m truly not following any “insta models” or “influencers”  though I just know a lot of women.
Yo deseo a chinga te.
Cry more pussy lmao
your brain
Dont you get IV Crush??
Guys r/coronavirus is cancer holy crap stay away they act as if the world is ending in a week
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Hey Nineteen                ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvg5mbM6FGs) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvg5mbM6FGs)⠀►►⠀ 3:25 / 5:08 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
THEY BOUGHT CALLS AT THE BOTTOM OF A PANDEMIC INWHICH THE FEDERAL RESERVE LITERALLY PRINTED MONEY AND GAVE OUT UNIMITED QE NO SHIT THEY MADE MONEY

look at the climate we are entering right now, new president that does not give a shit for the rich and will tax the fuck out of them, old president who is being a baby rn and being unpredictable, a high contagious virus that is hitting all time records each day now, and a congress who can’t pass shit for a stimulus for the country, the tech bubble and market could pop any minute
That guy is right lol
Be safe. Make the most of this weekend. Stocks will be fine, but these holidays will be depressing.
Hangover shits hit different
*Miami Vice intensifying*
I watched like 5 episodes of that and realized they would not find anything. What a waste of a show.
[removed]
Alexa play Hey Nineteen by Sterly Dan
Chyna. Luckin Coffee share holders wish they had sold at $50.
OP, I agree with everything you wrote about NIO...which is why I went with Xpeng.
Hello, Goodbye by the Beatles
So puts on FSR is the right move.
FYI, a lot of the "legit trader" accounts on Twitter are intentionally misleading you to sell you options that will expire worthless.
Paper = flimsy, falls apart if anything bad happens whatsoever

Diamond = Tough, unrelenting, will hold together as long as is necessary

&#x200B;

TLDR: They're in it for the long haul and aren't going to cut losses and sell, in hopes stonks go up
[deleted]
Don't get your pussy ass robbed
Is your state not doing any sort of restrictions?
[deleted]
Spy is gonna hit 4k by jan. so yes brother
tree fiddy? yes.
Guys some of your Spanish translations are questionable but Im just gonna go with it
Profitto
I loaded up on calls before markets closed Friday so Monday will be red
I like to sell my initial capital as profit then let the rest ride.
Bruh, giving any kind of financial advice to family and friends can end badly.
It’s not my fault I’m following and followed by so many thots
Stop smoking fa...
eBay , fsly , 🍏 🍏 and BYNd
Fuck you retard
Lol
Gentlemen, I am from the future and this is how Sunday and Monday will go:

Sunday: Futures pump to 1% across all indices. Bulls start jerking each other off in celebration. Bears cry themselves to sleep.

Monday: Market opens green, bears sell worthless puts. Market plummets 10 minutes later, bulls and bears both in shambles. Theta Gang laughs from a darkened corner of the room.
Yes
We literally have a vaccine coming out in December. Nobody cares, stfu
If PYPL were a real person I’d beat the living shit out of him. Aren’t you a fucking tech stock?? Why don’t you fucking go up like the rest of them? How is NASDAQ up and you’re down? What the fuck man.
There has to be a better way
Zch
It's a grower not a show-er!!!!
Same boat. Im yet to purchase any options as I understand them and yet to go full retard into something I dont understand truly.
Like if I buy a call 'what limit price to I give'? If the call does hit and drops do I still owe money or just let it expire and loose the premium?.

If I knew how they work properly then Id take a few gambles on some spare cash but until then its a no go
Up

Down

Up again
I have short dated 300c 11/27 but anything >Jan and you should be straight, China isn’t going to let it stay down at that price
Tickers?
I’m holding calls also. ..  this is basically the perfect storm algos always inverse me
Idk why spce is about to go nuts
Who remembers the time I left a Sanjay shrine at the micron plant in Virginia and proceeded to lose 17k in calls. Good times
Man if I had 5000, I would have sold it for $1.15 and take the profit. There was no way I kept it with stress
Did you lose a lot?
Black Monday?
Green or red Monday
How far can CELH keep up its retard strength?
88 for like a 42 inch lol
All we need is joey to say the magic words “I will not put tariffs on chyna” and me and you will make chicken tenders
[deleted]
Because capitalists want to preserve their wealth and not waste it on welfare for the plebs' trash life

Fuck socialism

🤡🤡🤡
im gonna go cash gang this week just in case. My FUD is pretty high right now.
I might put 1k into 0dte spy calls on Monday...
Watching the curse of oak island. These guys are basically the equivalent of the autists here who bought leaps on a shit stock watching their calls get theta decayed
Elon stated he started the company for others to take EV seriously.  Supporting NIO/LI/XPENG and more is supporting Elon.
Best get ready to change your flair.
I mean it was going up 5 to 10 percent a day for like a month straight.
I hit on high girls but thats it
I need a time travelers advice. Is AMZN going to hit 3.5 by eom?
Michigan. We had shit closed down a lot longer here than all but a few places. Nobody gives a fuk about COVID anymore.
[removed]
highly illuminated u r
[deleted]
the governors will be forced to do one
Having a cig cooking a waygu strip. Thank you Nio
Fucking retard just buy it
You got it bro
U fuk fo life and on and on and on.
Big dick energy my g you’ll be ok
It goes way back, to some dude named Thales and olive presses. 

https://www.thestreet.com/opinion/a-brief-history-of-stock-options-10595277
Sad :/

Will be the reason we all have to stay home at Christmas.
Rumor is lock down starts monday. Makes sense why tech calls were popping off on Friday.
chinese version of tsla bascially, ride the hype on wsb
JUp, my calls as well
WSB has given up on PTON,TSLA,SPCE  


PLTR and NIO is all I see posted now
gl if u damage a joint when ur working out so much just to try and keep ahead of the boogyman. sounds like ur the kind of person who cant sit alone by themselves in a room :/
Someone give me the run down on calls and puts
U a v s earnings Monday hope you all hopped aboard
So when ANT IPO?
The world is filled with average. Don’t look at average hoping to find extraordinary
PA-RA-BO-LIC GROWTH. With no actions end of months we're looking at 400k
Yeah I've thought about it and there's no way I would have held til 50 if I had shares at $1. Maybe I'd sell at $2. Hindsight
Let's see the puts, pussy
So are my -80% 310 BABA 1/15 calls fuk or what?
lol you the kid that always cried in school
Just picked up a Graham Mertz. Roll badge
Literally could live off the interest alone in a good savings account
Lol I forgot about that. I went a few hours ago so it was just normal grocery rush. But yeah tv were cheap.
Bois I’m scare , I have like 28k worth of calls with no hedge , no put no vix calls
I am bullish. This can easily double if not triple next year if weed gets legalized. Yes, split house, but even some RED states legalized it.
Yall better get ready for this market rotation trade coming up on Monday. Small caps going to roar!!!!!
So including ppl who invested in NIO a year ago.
i’ve read the pltr description a few times and i still don’t know what that they actually do
Shhhhhsh 🤫
That's the thing I like about them high school girls; I keep getting older, they stay the same age.
It doesn't 100% tell the future?
What state do you live in
A mi no me importa que tienes hijos
Short term? Bigly

Netflix ran up a ton on lockdown but they increased their prices and I'm sure with no free trials and more password sharing something will give
I’m considering writing an extensive DD on this, explaining why there will likely be a melt up in equities before we finally crash. I just want us to all make money and not lose our gains.
You can make it a Normal pic now, this brown is just annoying
Meh $500 isn’t a big deal, so it’s far easier to “yolo” with it and risk to triple/quadruple it. You can’t do that with $500k.
funfact: the same people are here just anonymous
It is a very old company that has little growth potential. It is currently about priced to perfection. It should have sunk if they didn't do a stock buyback plan.
black Friday shit at walmart
I concur
Gonna stay in Orlando for a year and see how I like it. Will probably end up getting a place in Tampa though
This is the most bullish play I've seen in a while. godspeed retard.
That’s fair
Wholesome post, we don’t get many of those here. Upvote for your troubles. Good luck to you and Grandma.
[deleted]
BLM is literally black Antifa

They are retarded radical left terrorists

Fucking socialists

🤡🤡🤡
Green Monday it is, then.
[deleted]
He says that now, but that could change. Also he can't prevent states from taking action
Did you bring some 2021 ten bagger tickers and some strikes.
If PLTR doesn’t hit $20 i’ll be applying at subway
[deleted]
Put Mcdonalds, got it
Socialism!!
then im not you because i know how options work. just dont put above 2 grand rly.

but most of my 2 grand positions print 2x-10x. I wish i caught biib, did like 30x-70x both ways
That stock is a pump and dump stock. Next week or two I suspect it will dump to 14 and under.
SoCiAlIsM
Who the hell is still quarantining?
Haha. The algorithm is designed to keep you coming back to the app. So as long as you like looking at ass and titties the app will keep giving it to you to keep you around
$239
i’m trying to turn pennies into dollars so i can improve my own life
[deleted]
It’s definitely a buy and hold for shares or leaps, not a fun weekly ticker
They acquired on the border chips.

Idk about them. They feel like a boomer/regional brand. Nothing sexy about them and appeal works for chips.

I personally only buy great value chips.
I feel like a red Monday  is a strong possibility at this point
PLTR is a long term play, but if they start growing competition will come in on it. 

They are still going after the slow to adapt new technology industries like aerospace/defense/legacy automotive.
$50,000
Another NIO run Monday would create Goo Lagoon in my 👖
niece
Dude you’re nuts
Easy easy easy.. Let them down gently.
Yea man you’ll bounce back. Definitely sucks but you’re young.
If you’re comfortable with buying it maybe at $46 at open momday you should be fine. Shit is running up to $60 next week easy
If PLTR hits $1,000,000, I’ll be a millionaire.
https://i.imgur.com/7N5pMKo.gif
Baba options will be bled out. If youre bullish be a seller
Chicago is trying to get bailed out by the Feds, and this is part of the plan.

Chicago is like Terri Chiavo, they really just need to go through bankruptcy. They were just bailed out like 10 years ago with the last stim bill, and nothing changed.
Vega gang > Theta Gang
wish they would announce it sooner my puts need it
Oh lord how much money you put up?
Dude. I was outside today and it felt like there was no such thing as corona. Walmart packed. Whole foods packed. So many fucking cars on the road. I think people stopped caring.
Wouldn’t have it any other way
As long as your not still hitting on high school girls.
FUCK THIS WHORE
keep a separate SFW account
It seems like the market doesnt give a shit about this anymore
Yea they’re completely wrong but they’re completely wrong together
Imagine if the hundreds of billions of dollars pumping chinese scam stocks to grotesque values was used to actually improve the lives of americans
at this point its inevitable, by 2nd week of December itll be 250k easily but no shutdowns I guess
Tengo un pene pequeño.
Are you me? I just broke 100k, and also don't fuck with options (half cuz I'm also a pussy bitch, half because I just don't have the attention span to learn how options work)
🆘eekend 🆘ow
Voy a Venmo el dinero despise del sexo
We all are going to eventually die, might as well go out with some high adrenaline options gambling.
Mans can't even use the right too. Retard
Maybe idk, I'm not taking that shit for atleast 6 months lol
Quiero su chico
"no, we don't launder money, only clothes"
🥭said yesterday there won’t be a lockdown while he’s president. Earliest federal lockdown would be late January/early February. Plan your put expiry based on that
If PLTR ever makes it to 350 I’ll be a millionaire 🤑
I bought the deeeep Friday
Schools and business will continue to use zoom. It is not just a video platform.
You guys are brilliant compared to the shit I see on twitter, which includes public figures, "legit trader" accounts, etc.  Jesus fucking *christ*, they're reactionary and fucking *dumb*.  Absolutely zero research put into things, just emotional confirmation bias and lashing out.  Fucking hell, what a bunch of idiots.  Some of those dumb mother fuckers are supposed to be *educated*.  Fucking hell.
Loooooollllooooollll
I’d be curious how it goes first
Don’t sleep on MU.

Smart cars need chips and MU supplies NVDA’s
Do you really read three day old comments on the daily thread? LOL
[https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327766977214095365?s=19](https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327766977214095365?s=19)

>Los Angeles County reports 3,780 new coronavirus cases, the biggest one-day increase since July, and 20 new deaths

It's like you all *want* to be locked down for Christmas.

US coronavirus cases for each day in November:

* Nov. 1: 76,771 
* Nov. 2: 86,589 
* Nov. 3: 91,910 
* Nov. 4: 104,296 
* Nov. 5: 121,289 
* Nov. 6: 126,731 
* Nov. 7: 125,100 
* Nov. 8: 109,177 
* Nov. 9: 133,819 
* Nov. 10: 131,990 
* Nov. 11: 148,302 
* Nov. 12: 161,651 
* Nov. 13: 184,000 
* Nov 14: *shrugs*
What is this new robinhood theme?
Alexa, play Danger Zone
sir,this is a casino,pay me. 50$!
Jan is ok. March 300s even better.

The risk in $BABA is political. If things die down it will quickly fly back to 300. It has a very high PT
I’m too lazy to google translate it so I’ll just take your word for it. Will report back
can BABA have some LOVE wtf? BABA is tech's grandmother that watched over all of us, and you guys are letting it die all alone in an elderly home, and meanwhile, your all waiting in line to fuck the 18 yrs old cousin slut that is NIO. Give BABA some love. Give Ma some love. BABA 275c 11/20
Oh I did. 2020 I'm in the clear.
Wait... you guys answer 📞margin calls?
Lol
Oh ok. I thought you were getting scammed.
I regret not hitting on every girl in high school
Anybody else notice that NKLA is just a slightly lighter shade of purple than AMD and GM?  This is why we can't have nice fucking things.

Edit: Oh, and all you all who are supposedly warm on AAPL, eat a dick.  That shit has been theta fucking me hard recently.
Honestly, you can usually measure a person's cool factor by their reference game. And if they're really good, you can measure intelligence
Vaccine news is too promising
Again, as a TSLA skeptic, anyone who bought long expiry calls this year on TSLA has likely had solid profits, burden of proof is on you if you're so certain. Post positions or go away
How else would I know what to inverse. Do you read?
This.  Give up some size and delta and take the time buffer. You’ll still bank.  This is an interesting play. Good luck.
Omfg
Okay I’ll save it thank you
Chingada tu madre aqui es 500 pesos
[removed]
That's the plan
[deleted]
WHAT THE FUCK!!!! Theta gang after hittjng 200k
Idk but I did a quick google search lmk if it help:
“Quiero follarme tu dulce culito”
Erekcion es el largo. Cabesa muy bueno.
Lol. A+
Anyone looking at UTZ lol
si,yo puedo enviar-te 500$ para ayudar con la renta y la comida de bebe..
Single moms are hot
[deleted]
People are just bored in quarantine
fuck you reataaaard
Where's ROPE?
Me billetera su billetera
Can confirm
Took a 500 dollar loss but left a few calls just in case
Should I go all in on PLTR?
Bruh just do more 300s or 290s.

$BABA will likely explode to 300 or it will hover in the low 260s all year.
For example my Instagram is where I post my art and I follow a lot of artists and my search page is mostly generic art pages
si
Half! The whole half?
>PLTR

Lmaoo sign me up!
I just ate Mexican food and donuts. Never felt happier.
Yea but there has to be a better way
Looks like my portfolio
I’m from the future, theta gang wins again
even if all these numbers lined up, you have 0 idea when they’re included, this is 100% speculation and 0 facts, there is no set date for the inclusion
[deleted]
Yo soy puseta
Can I have your Xbox?
That was on fear/uncertainty. The moment the Fed stepped in and said they had plan -> immediate v-shaped recovery.
It had 4 upvotes and I was honestly confused lmao
Just go later at night when nobody is there! Crowded gyms suck anyway.
[deleted]
Jesus did. It’s in the Bible.
u/vredditdownloader
All of that is based on algorithms. If you didn’t click like on so many butt and titty pics you wouldn’t be spammed with them
[removed]
[deleted]
A lot of financial type people I know from NY are very liberal on social issues but protect their wealth by voting red at the end of the day. Financial conservatives.
That’s pretty impressive lmao
cause they're the most or tied for most "bad guys" for the last 40 years and its boring af
Good for you.
I have 520 calls on Netflix how fucked I’m i ?
You a boss!!!
Yea I saw that rise too. Until the merger leak.  Should have sold when I was up
Guys Im Gearing up for my move to Orlando. How do you say in Spanish no I don’t mind you have a kid
I can smell the desperation
It’s okay boy, stick with em pussies
when does the merger complete
Save this comment then genius. If we have a historical market crash greater than what we experienced in 2020 ill eat my words
should have nuked a few cities after they crossed the yalu 70 years ago

china would be a productive member of the 1st world western community by now, like japan or s korea. also a united korea.

instead we have a rising asian power under a literal fascist government
Imagine
solo cars are so ugly tho
LMAO buy it and watch what happens, you retards never learn
Nooooo
It depends. Do you want moon or mars?
[deleted]
It was Warren Buffett all along

*Always has been* 👨🏻‍🚀🔫👩‍🚀

Lol no one gets rich by owning boomer stonks
I’m from the future. 

NIO bears are in shambles...
[deleted]
NIO?
Yes, I had these at 10$, sold it for a loss when it dropped to 9. I was hoping for a 7$ entry and you know what happened after.
jfc already 155k infections today and still counting

yesterday was 187k.

were going for a full lockdown.

hold on to your internet stonks
More like 380-400
If Shia labeouf would ever endorse a stock. I think I’d sell everything and buy leaps.
valve index arrive on 3 days,cant wait,jacked to the tits!!!!!! vr is the future!!!!!!!
I'm struggling this weekend basically being self quarantined because of the case spikes. I'm about to break and go to PF just to use the treadmill because I don't handle being cooped up at home for multiple days
I can and own some, but for an ETF it's high and I want in at a lower entrypoint. That's why I'm asking if ETF's ever do share splits but I assume the underlying stock they own is dependent on other companies stock so maybe not?
It's gonna be $100 EOY, guaranteed
No they’re dumb as fuck and confused about the reality of the situation
Okay so definitely Dallas
Don't look now, Chicago going back to a stay-at-home order. We are still a month away from the start of Winter and actual cold temperatures.  Lame duck politicians are not going to be motivated to do any type of stimulus. See your family now, and hunker down. 

Christmas will be canceled.
Or you could be fit and not depressed
No worries man, I might look into some leaps once my short position is cleared
Love the name: AES. Its like the gold standard of encryption algorithms. Buying long-expiry calls next week. Cant go wrong
because funds setup bots to monitor mango's twitter feed to gather sentiment related to any companies he's hocking

and then retailers started believing mango controls the markets, which is a joke
Guys I’m moving to Orlando on Monday. I should be knee deep in Spanish single moms by Tuesday
You’re delusional
Thank you. I was hoping for confirmation. I want everyone here to do well.
Too late
This is delusion
[deleted]
Me too
Tbh I can feel the meme energy on PLTR. Gonna get in on Monday maybe.
Exactly my plan, maybe sell 15-25% OTM on Tuesday before market close, reap the IV crush and buy buck the next morning. Will have to see how the play goes. I was looking for around 10% as well, but I'm running covered calls here
Conservatives will sell Tuesday but if LI and XPEV are any indicator, there can be a substantial jump Tuesday-Wednesday
Nice
It’s like a million nickel BJs
It’s a smile because you won.
[deleted]
Wtf did you want him to say? She's got brown skin and comes from a country with alot of people
[I’m I missing something here? lol](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju6g3b/market_approaching_all_time_highs/gcaxbyu/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
Do you really think that you are the only one smart ass here and figured out that vaccine needs to refrigerated?

It's been known to everyone from summer and priced-in.
[deleted]
u can be fat and unfit and not depressed if u dont treat ur mind like a trash can
Fuck you retard
It's not a bad idea but this is coming from a guy who owns a lot of NIO and can't explain what Palantir actually does
That's a cool followup. Ease of integration is a big deal. My experience on it working at an online retailer is everyone claims their SaaS makes work easier, but you must choose a base platform that can handle it snd SaaS integration modules that actually hook up to them and work together. My old boss thought everything was plug and play, partially because he was old and because every module claims it is.
An entire cow Japanese wagyu steak for me ?
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
not until the electoral college votes, officially, But they will, unless you have "faithless electors"
So who invented options? We should make a statue of that guy and put it on Wall Street
Rate of “infection” much lower than even fucking HIV. Plus you didn’t factor in that people can *choose* to not do drugs, whereas you don’t get to choose if you get infected with covid. Try again
Nah I'm good
No shell companies in the PRC?  Not a Chinese ADR?  Normal Book/Price and Price/Earnings ratio?  No thanks.
I hear Tesla are soon to be doing big things.
SBE (Chargepoint) is actually a legit company and will run like crazy on EV hype after the merger completes
I CAN PROMISE YOU THEY ARE NOT
PLTR should team up with grindr to find every 🌈🐻 here their perfect match ❤️
b
Good bot
Ill make the new sign read "laundromat" with the quotes
Wow you're right, that was fun,.
Word. If it hits 370, look out below.
Solo keeps getting tossed around here. It's run up alot but isn't quite parabolic yet
Jesus man, positions?
Property taxes is just the government reminding you that you actually don’t own shit
So I can bring my account back up. Gonna play earnings this week
When did you get these?
It feels so fucking good to not be depressed for once. You guys should go to the gym if you are feeling shitty. It's magic.
I know that when banks tighten their lending standards it causes deflation in the dollar, which is exactly what they’re doing right now. The dollar will likely dip in the short term, but then go through a historical rise and the equities market will crash. Hard.
Fuck you retard
[deleted]
buy high sell low right?
You’ll be plus $690 at least on Monday
[deleted]
SDC is junk
Explain
What are other wsb approved meme stonks that haven’t ran like crazy like NIO?

Already have PLTR but want to add to my memefolio.
it's 53$,  53 cents x 100 .. do u even options kid
If this TGT play works can probably get a down payment. 😬
It's really weird tbh. Maybe cause of taxes, but they're all poor af anyways.
Cathy seems to be buying every dip. Anything under $18 and someone/something buys until it jumps. Could easily see this go to $30 but it has been swinging widely
Decided to go on the date today. Buy some fd puts on me
When I started being happy with a small-to-medium profit instead of waiting to make a killing off of every trade I made, I started doing a lot better. I also decided that if an option lost half of the value, I'd sell it. These two things have made the difference between making money and losing money for me.
And you are here retard
Ok guys but seriously, how do I call nio?
Fuck you retard
you sure, march a dip was pretty bad
I dont understand these retards who post without position. Please ban.
This comment is so retarded I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic or you’re actually on the spectrum... which makes me autistic
Dismissed left and right by the media, ofcourse. 
 Giuliani is the most reputable lawyer in the United States who took down cosa Nostra in the 5 boroughs, now he’s gonna expose the biggest ballot counting fraud in America’s history. There gonna give pennsilvania and Michigan up. Possibly wisconsin aswell. Either way it’s going to the Supreme Court...wether people are salty about it or not
https://i.imgur.com/xrxZ351.jpg
Don't let your dreams be dreams
Jeez why would u get nov calls
I also want to launder money
Need next week to go the way I’m hoping and I can get out of the danger zone
F
Who the fuck only responds with 7 words to their enlightend gram
That morning! Jfc
Anyone thinking SDC pulls a ALGN?
Even if you play them suboptimally...This is the way
[deleted]
YOLO in SOLO only reasonable yolo. Solo rhymes with yolo
7.5c 11/20. I dare you.
Thank me later.
just yolo SPY calls at close every friday exp monday
If not for that stupid article. Solo would have pumped to $10 on Friday. That shit was flying fast
[deleted]
im staying away from that
Wage slaves
Venmo me your RH account first
not with that strike and expiration lmao
I wanna buy a laundromat.
/r/smallstreetbets is leaking
Always has been this way
Ticker, date and strike?
Plus I need to hedge my puts lmaooo
Wtf. I can’t watch real 🌈porn, like after 1 second, I feel disgusted
Did this man just buy calls on a penny stock...bold my friend bold
Will be buying more, no doubt.
Sigh. Guess I’m adding more if that happens.
I don’t think my grandma even knows how to use a home phone yet
As a bear I agree. We’re about to have a violent melt up before the final crash.
Post your life time soi boi
??? It’s a battery company you dummy
Bullish
It has be a 50% pump at open before anything else
No problem, but let’s hit 50 Monday- Tuesday
Some people just aren't happy
I take every precaution on Reddit just in case.
The winner dictates what the history will be.

Watched it in Avatar Legend of Aang where fire nation wrote history in their favour, though they murdered all Air benders
Now that’s a health graph
Doing business
Always wuz
Idk I'm feeling good about a SOLO pump monday morning. I'm definitely retarded so maybe it tanks 20%
Market no longer invests based on the company doing well. Rather it invests in shares that they can flip to someone else for a profit.
I know that NIO/Xpev shake at the end 🤣
One reason I don't own TSLA or NIO is because of this Reddit, so thanks. My money is safely in a boring-ass renewable energy fund.
A lot of people who trade stocks are somewhat privileged so they can focus on money and economy and haven’t had to deal or think about humans rights issues too much
I don't like Tesla but yes indexes buying means price up
Yikes. I don’t like those short plays. I fucking hate time decay. I’m more like a Jan 15 21 kinda guy lol
Honestly not a bad design at all for large cities but I think the price point isn’t quite competitive enough
No, I still have a safety net so that me and mine don’t go hungry or without shelter.
im going to cut my wrists until i bleed out if monday doesn't come faster
Larpers
You have to be bat shit crazy to want to smoke DMT twice in a row. The first trip will keep you satisfied for a couple of years. 

You’re left with an infinite amount of questions and zero answers, and on top of that there is no scientific explanation for what you see while tripping since every little studies have been done on it. The visuals are infinitely more complex than anything you can imagine in waking life or in a dream state, and the laws that govern waking life will literally collapse before your eyes.

This is why people speak of gods, other dimensions, etc, when talking about the substance. What you see is something you can’t explain so people have no choice but to associate them with the supernatural, but in retrospect nobody knows what the fuck goes on that drug.
I'm debating doing the same. Been holding Jan 90s since late August. Watched them rise a bit during the launch in October, then continue to drop. I love what AMD has been doing and need to start playing farther out.
Agreed, however what is interesting is a someone bought 22.4M worth of shares right before the bell in the dark pool
This is the funniest thing I've seen all day

https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/ju7ttr/the_wall/
Lol a vanguard fund? 🤡🤡🤣
Selling last Wednesday
SRAC
Bruh, I'm sure everyone around you is just as interested in butts and titties as the rest of us.
-0.nice%
Nah it’s just because America was founded by puritans
Yeah, either way. Good timing if you want the cash. Good timing if you want to harvest the tax load. My only point was a lot of holdings can be exchanged for something very similar
PLTR Bulls, check this out, this is from a customer who was debating to go with PLTR or Splunk: *"We eliminated Verint because its solution was tailored specifically for the cyber security use case, and we wanted to support the other two use cases. Palantir ultimately won out over Splunk because of the ability to quickly adapt the product to help address new problems and use cases. We found that we could pretty easily adapt the product to help us detect online fraud in applications as well. Splunk was a little bit more rigid in its ability to solve new problems. That’s why we went the way we did."*

&#x200B;

I am actually short the company near-term but may change my stance as I learn more about them.

Positions: short Dec 11 $15C
Please only use the YOLO flair when making a YOLO trade.
Coffee much?
Wait no I meant not invested
[removed]
It isn't the concept that's a scam it's allocation. Too many good old boys get into local offices and load up their families with jobs. Then contracts get handed out like candy.

But the real problem is voting. Turnout locally is like 30 percent and mostly the people who are in charge and their cohorts. 

I would expect massive assessment challenges next year as well as school budgets getting trashed because the concept of schooling in a physical space isn't the anvil over people's heads anymore.
Fine
Don’t large firms hedge their positions with options though?
No the government want men to be contained and the family unit is good for stifling unrest. Married dudes especially if they have kids aren't going out to start a revolution
Shares Outstanding 5	947.9M
Float	759.51M
% Held by Insiders 1	20.02%
% Held by Institutions 1	43.16%

I don't know how to explain this to you.  Supply & demand.  There'll be demand for 64m shares.  Who will supply them?  What price would they supply it at?  450? no way in hell.  500? a chunk of people will take profits. 550?  probably a lot.  64m MUST BE BOUGHT in THREE DAYS.

With the pandemic, shut downs, etc Tesla has been able to exceed expectations that were set last year without the foresight that we would be in a global pandemic.  If that doesn't hit it home for you I don't know what piece of fact will.
Drop a nice when you see the 69
It’s been brutal. Hopefully that’s a smaller % of your portfolio than it was of mine.
Don’t hate me because I’m rooting for $30 NIO on Wednesday, I’m just a businessman
[deleted]
Is there a way to make my Instagram NOT show butts and titties when I click on the search tab because I have to hide my phone from everyone I’m with whenever I try to pull up an Instagram post I want to show them.
People with many millions of dollars
Guys spy calls are free money
Put it all in black pussy?
The map of states and their obesity rates says we’re all fat
SOL/SRAC
They purchased shares not options
Old greedy fucks wanting to horde their wealth like a dragon from lord of the rings. 

“Hurr durr I GOT MINE. THESE POORS ARE JUST LAZY. FUK EVERYBODY ELSE”
Ok well most I took was 2 grams and thought that was my absolute limit, any more I wouldn’t feel in control. Since she’s probably smaller than me, anything more than 2 grams and she’s gonna be **bigly** high. if she’s taking like .5 then that’s nothing. You should ask, I’m genuinely curious now
And HS gym teachers wouldn’t be able to afford the talent
What are y’all trading next week? Other than NIO. I might get in FSR or SOLO and sell covered calls
Bigly
NIO is the next NIO
Anyone know when samsung is hitting the nyse?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NelsonTingles the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trne
1) Interest payments are not well covered by earnings

2) Dividend of 2.75% is not well covered by earnings

Other than that, fair priced stock. May offer a steady growth.
Yeah, it’s been more than a year now since the last time
So you lost?
Yea bullish
Never going to happen
This was actually from vertical call spreads on amzn and aaapl.
[deleted]
Yeah that’s fine
which stonk/spac to all in shares for 2021?

besides mainstream dogshit like NIO and PLTR
They should just turn to robots
I have a buddy in Japan who doesn’t understand the anti-mask stuff at all. They also have their shit together regarding cases so makes sense
Market doesn’t care
👍
99.99%, 🥭should win some lawsuits to even have a chance.
Unlikely. Market bubbles don’t care about bad news
Nope. Priced in for good
I’m personally looking forward to the Thursday morning BJs
So it wasn’t your entire life savings then right...?
They’re not asking you to buy Disney+ they are reminding you that you have it so that you watch and therefore don’t want to cancel it.
Trump made them all a fuck ton of money by going long. They don’t know what to do with their life in a market that goes nowhereb
There’s a lot going on right now lmfao
Lol, why the hell are there still these big Trump/BLM clashes going on? I just watched a video of some old dude getting stomped in broad daylight.
but it protects u from covid
Could comb through all the OI on their options page.
Also note, daytrading is a negative-sum game.

Either you lose money or the other chump (with derivatives). It aint win-win unless you buy stonks.
Which morning retard
No.... but deer are.....
Selling 11/19
Deadass
Property taxes are such a scam 😡 a whole paycheck down the drain
I’m hoping all the Sunday paper readers get worried about their IRA and gap it down to about $35.
[this hard](https://youtu.be/r72eDZYGkO4)
My theory on why prostitution is still illegal, fast food companies would have to pay more to keep people from quitting.
Hay powered transportation? Holy shift you might be into something here.
dude im literally giving a 12/18 target. You think WSB controls this stock? The amount of money going through it is much bigger.

Wait til december, if you have stock of this you aren't selling. You're holding into biden presidency, into the fact it came back from Covid lows and came TO pre-covid HIGH.

**ALSO DID U READ THE STOCKS POST I LINKED?**
he wouldn't hear a tornado go over his head
I'll bite - please explain your position? How does higher taxes on high net worth negatively effect you?
I’m making a post when I got .5 mil so look out for it in a few months ;)
Rad thanks dude
Seeing more lockdowns and restrictions now, Will the market react to this?
PLTR adding more Monday.
Holy shit that’s a steal thanks brother, I needed some more crayons to chew on when I trade
You can't afford a share of arkk? If they split the price would go higher
Nah, mustang cobra is perfect.
Buy calls on **CBRL**. Tons of grumpy rural folk going to binge on comfort food because of the election.
FSR
[removed]
They're stickying dd posts this weekend or something, it's not the first one
Be the casino
 i.e. Market Maker or Broker

(doubt you degenerates know what a market maker is)
Just lose it all and you can get a tax deductible of 3k
Twitter is such a cesspool.   Why are all the stock dudes such trumpers?
[deleted]
🙋🏻‍♂️ purchased at 54
I bought leaps when I think I should have bought shares
It's not like you won't lose it all after she dies
I needed this thank u
Nah i dont fr
Morning pump
Wow I went 0-6 ATS spread today. That’s so hard to do. I won the lottery in reverse.
370
Also I wouldn’t touch her. She seems evil to me and I can’t let her have my good good
[deleted]
Love you too brother
420
The virus will keep peaking until the vaccines are being distributed in April at the earliest
The life expectancy of women in their 60s is still 20 years, a much longer time frame than autist on this sub.
No they just care less about appearances
nah i meant like i dont mess with options cuz im a pussy bitch like jeff bezos.
We are so going to get this thread shut down....
Now the pamps are obvious. Mods take money from pampers, pampers post walls of text and a single photo, mod gets the pleasure (money/BJ/butt stuff) and pin the post. Then you all buy on Monday...
NIO bulls, when we selling? Assuming it wasn't Friday morning... Exp 11/20
[removed]
God I wish I would have DT’d one of my puts.  I had one left to use too.  Just couldn’t do it.
Hey, I love you
\> i have 100,000k+ portfolio

dude you're like jeff bezos
NUTSAT gonna take us into a hyperbolic trajectory
125
I know, I just wanted to say that

EXPONENTIAL GAINS
[deleted]
First one will hook you.
What a rollercoaster that must have been
Alright you simps jan 2021 SPY 380 calls it is
You can only comment in this thread as a reply to a top level comment. Reply here for general votebot discussion, discussion of volunteer moderators and what they're getting wrong, etc. Try to keep it related to votebot and spam content.
Duh. The market loves COVID and hospitalizations.
I mean it was over 20 minutes ago but go on
Because we going into lockdown again and a lot of restaurants use DoorDash as their main way of delivery. It will continue to grow as consumers use it during the pandemic and to obviously after.
But...but...stocks only go up?
thinking of scooping up JMIA shares after selling my NIO positions
Hope you guys are having a great weekend! Your wife also says hello !
39 by eow.
ATAI also owns about a third of CMPS so you get your DMT with a side of SHROOMS.


https://www.atai.life
If I ever do decide to get “back in the markets”, it will probably just be buying SPY/QQQ shares and calling it a day.
Have some god damn self esteem dude what the fuck
I think it dipped to clear the run way🚀🚀🚀🚀
&#x200B;

i just in on this play. but think about it this way, if EOS goes up, AES goes up.

but yea its definitely a hmmm momment, what is EOS listing takes money AWAY from aes?

thank you for informing me about  this
I just spent 15 mins thinking about that comment that one user made about Jack Ma’s head and ya know what...his moms pussy is the #1 MVP
Yeaaaa precisely my thoughts
Dude, I’ve done shrooms like twice. You feel intense emotions. Hopefully there really is no chemistry between them. Do you know how many grams she’s taking
u/SendMePuppyPhotos has a point. Oh, and the fact that they were so far in debt they had to dilute their own stock by creating more of it and selling it for less than market value at the time. Then they announced they’d do it again soon. It didn’t really inspire confidence that the company is going to handle its finances well, or that the stock should be valued at the higher prices anymore.
itll go up for no reason like most ipos. See lemonade
Baba dec calls
EOS is the next NIO calling it now bois
No one takes mango seriously anymore at this point anyway. Even if his fake and gay coup works out the people of the United States won’t let that ride without repercussions.
I don't own PLTR directly but see ARK bought shares on Friday for ARKW (which I do own).
[deleted]
For you my friend, I will be willing to offer a special price, the graph will come with a set of crayons, $2,000 USD.
So that's how quarters work
Is that when all surviving WSBers will be home owners?
They already know everything I plan on buying. Wouldn’t take that much effort to fuck off with ads on shit I already have
you’re in a better boat than i am. 
22 years old, started with 23k savings in stocks, now down to 21k. 

also, you make 60k a year. i make 20k a year and still in school. my goal after grad is to get a job that pays 60k a year like yours does.
BA 11/20 OTM CALLS
Don't hate us cause you anus
It’s BMRG right now a blank check listing. I’m just not sure which to go in. EOS deals with batteries
Holding until NIO day in January.
Sadly this is not a shitpost :(
All glory to the 6, may Drake bless us all with Gods Plan in NAK calls FEB 21
Doesn’t say what date the position was added. Also no way to know if they have sold. They’re probably the one who dumped the shares on y’all in the $50s lmao. Riding the retail bubble up is a new trend on Wall Street. Just don’t get caught holding the bag.
Facts
Imagining is for heterosexuals lol
LOL I HOPE YOU’RE JOKING
they are. of course they are. friends introduce each other to addictive drugs all the time. dumb comment
Nice sarcasm buddy
[deleted]
Unlikely, we’re already above a 3-year trend line. Any gap up would just encourage further rise due to lack of sellers
That ticker should be LOL. I have no doubt it could pop for a minute, but t’s not a long game play.
Imagine being gay
sounds depressing af
Nio 60
You're young, it's ok, and you have a decent job. Not the end of the world certainly. Obviously stop playing options, it's a fools errand for the large majority. Index investing is the way to go for most, even though it's boring and gay. I know how it feels to ride the ups and down, it is euphoric and addicting. I rode the first prpl wave up to 500k, then held through earnings and watched it evaporate to nothing in a matter of minutes, that was a dark, dark night, so I know how you feel. Keep your head up.
Ya thats gonna be a long channel
Is there any reason why i shouldnt buy DoorDash puts as soon as they become available
He has that many ipob warrants
LOL you dead wrong for this haha
If you all want a fun fact: there's been more Trump Administration people who tested positive for COVID since the election than documented cases of voter fraud.
Hedge fund manager: who holds these calls we are paying out?

underling: his name is penguin
If that’s the case I’ll buy you a steak dinner, actually an entire cow
SOL 10c 11/27
You never did well with friends eh?
Thanks man, the comment cheered me up a little
As long as Trump is president we won’t shut down
To be fair, 99.9%.
Miami has good looking people period. It's all about the weather. Northern people have to pack on the pounds for warmth but southern types can let it all out
[deleted]
Seconded.
I kinda want it to dump a little so I can load up on Nio leaps
> EOS 

wait what.??
You know what's good my friend
Siri, play Eminem Love the Way You Lie
I bet the owner whooped his ass for placing some weird print outs on his lambo
https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/amp/

Bears R fuk
This dude totally has a hate boner that he’s trying to hide. Won’t stop talking about the girl lol
I see what you did here!!
By insane I meant sounds fun
Solo
GRWG needs more love
Does it take a few episodes to get into it? I remember watching the first one and dropping it but I just finished utopia and that was sick
fair but you have to look at fundamentals and unusual options activity and only think....
There really isn't a very large "hypothetical" downside to this play with a very safe upside or exponential gains.
Nio to 100 this week .
EOS
we’re fucked aren’t we
She don’t wanna be saved my dude 😔
Miami has so many hot drug addicted escorts it’s amazing
Are you sure you want to live in a world where Social Media companies know everything that you own?
[https://money.cnn.com/quote/shareholders/shareholders.html?symb=NIO&subView=institutional](https://money.cnn.com/quote/shareholders/shareholders.html?symb=NIO&subView=institutional)
I think you are delusional. We already had the crash
dump her ass brother, there's a reason you weren't invited. homeboy is currently bending her over giving her a double psychedelic experience
Or 1,200% year to date and think oh shit yes this thing still has another couple more to squeeze out haha
That game generated $500m in first half of 2020. Mods please ban for false info.
Lol I feel you. Nobody got the $ to spend $45 on an 1/8th of that premium when mid still gets it done for your local $25 ahaha
Don’t laugh too hard. He’s right. Minimum 70 by Wed opening
Uhhh, have you ever worked in a corporate cubical? I’m much more likely to be killing time shopping there than at home. That’s when I need retail therapy.
If I didn't pay my 2019 taxes yet what kinda penalty am I looking at?  I had a brilliant idea to gamble it all on tech calls and "get taxes paid for free with a quick double up" in September
Remind me
In populated areas they'll probably used frequently forever. Breathing the air on planes and other pubic transportation like subways is pretty nasty anyway, so wearing a mask without COVID makes sense in these situations anyway IMO
Can ETF's do share splits? Would really love some ARKK and ARKG splits cause I'm poor...
IPOB
You mean,  your ex gf
Recovery might boom Monday morning, but it will sell off all week afterwards. Easiest short
b ro its has $70 price target for ages, u missed ur shot (unless u hit idk, this is just my opinion). maybe u can scalp $70-$75 but there are better plays imo considering holiday is coming up check DG they have shopping holidays cheap specialis.
I like trading CVS still tho, cud have made a shitton trading $70 11/13 calls on friday.
So is Biden 100% the president elect now?
Give me a Monday morning play!
Lol man that year sucked for me.
Have you ever sat in a Tesla?
Hahaha alright man. We’ll come revisit this in a little while. The shit is out of control. It only takes one serious correction for the house of cards to fall. The Chinese companies can’t be trusted. It might run up more sure but what I’m saying is it won’t hold those gains.
i 100% guarantee you with the state of everything that is going on right how Tesla does not go into with in the next 2 years, and no way in hell is it going up 20%
EOS gets listed on Monday tho 🤔hmmm
Do people really find older people attractive as they age? I doubt I will ever find a 60 year old attractive
SRAC
No. 

There is only work and improvement. Anything else is throwing away your potential and setting the stage for regret.
I wonder this too. Like how many people have become millionaires day trading (consistent and without yolo)? If you can rack in 100% returns every 6 months or so then where are all the billionaire day traders? Mathematically it should be quite possible if you can keep it up.

There is one person that is famous. “Karen” the trader that was interviewed by TastyTrade. She turned $600,000 into $100 Million. She is a literal legend though. https://youtu.be/QZ6B0lJR5Xw
My bet is on SOL

Come ride the SOL train brother
Although I fully support your degenerative gambling addiction, I think 55-60$ calls would be better
[deleted]
[deleted]
I did see that option but I was actually going to a place and whole foods was near. The kohls one is a great partnership for KSS because they get foot traffic.
[deleted]
How can you lose on Microsoft? Its one big curve into the sky from its IPO till now. You 🐻 curious retard
Think about how ETFs and hedge funds work. Institutional sized trades aren’t necessarily checking the finances on every company before a sector rotation. It went down with the sector. If you feel good about the company, you should think of it as your favorite thing just went on sell, because the whole store is going out of business. If you really like the stock, get it while the sector is down.
Welcome to 2015
It was actually kind of disgusting, the shameless propaganda they’ve been putting out for years. “U.S imperialism good 😎 country we bomb bad 😡”
Fuck if I knew, I live in a legal state but that shit is super expensive so I get it from a guy still. Its not the best weed but it gets the job well done for cheap.
Idk but neither do you
We need another ironyman or controlthenarrative in this sub.
There are many videos describing how S&P works.  Normally companies are included at the bottom, and are in position 450-500 on inclusion. 

The reason Tesla hasn't been included for a very long time is profitability. (Technical requirements)

But, Tesla has grown to be one of the largest companies in the world without being included.  Similar to Yahoo which when included was somewhere in the top 50.  S&P is a weighted index which means on announcement, they need to balance their portfolios to include a lot of tsla.

There have been videos that broke down how many shares would need to be purchased at the time of that video which was a few months back.  I believe it was 64,000,000 shares that would need to be purchased within 3 days prior to and after the announcement.  

Do you think 64 million one way BUYs with no sells would cause the sp to go up less than 20%?
Someone exercised my covered calls of PSX, so I have money burning a hole in my pocket, this is the first thing I've seen, so I'm in.
They offer it at Kohl's in my town as well
Dang you got chosen for the tendie giveaway 😭👌
Trying to find my next NIO. I’m still keeping the shares I have. You panic sellers are fools. But I’m thinking KCAC if there’s the slightest dip next week before merger vote. Skeptical on PLTR, but idk why. That’s probably a more solid choice.
Thinking of spending some tendies I made this week on a horse. Are they in season?
Not the laundry
Over a 2yr relationship :(
Why is it that social media/internet companies are so good at data collection that they can target highly specific ads at you, but don’t know when I already own what they’re advertising to me? Like jfc I already have disney+, stop advertising disney+ to me
Needed to do an amazon return today for the first time in like a decade. Went in app and saw that I could take it to whole paycheck. Went there and the woman said you're all set and they packed the order for reshipment.

Talk about effortless returns.
gap up monday then down we go
Target is already past their 2019 earnings - They have done very well this year so I’m going for them
Ban.
The Goldfinch if you like reading about rich New York assholes
Yeah was thinking crowdstrike too if we group PLTR into cyber security
Can I get a Fuck You Citron??
Your moms a 4 and I still tear that ass up
You're so badass. Where'd my panties go?
damn. Strain?
Idk why this comment cheered me up rip
Just finished making my son NIO his organic baby formula from Germany. They grow up SO fast 😢
11/20 60C
To me, the DMT microdose + THC comeup and comedown felt almost transitionless. Shrooms alone, the comeup feels more "Alice-in-Wonderland-y."

Once, after a DMT microdose, I played SSBU against a guy who played regularly, kicked his ass, scored 428% dmg- but it was the first time I'd played SSBU in 7-8wks, whereas he played regularly and usually the games were much closer.
Shades of PRPL all in this motha.

With that said, I made money off PRPL so I’m in.

Fuck it, reading this post is more DD than I normally do.
I just smoked 6 fatass blunts to myself, I'm as easy as it can get lmao
Spot on dude shes pretty jeolous herself. This is the first scenario where this has been a problem
Social engineers already run the world I’m just one of the dumb ones that talk about it
Saving this comment
Lol I'm in my thirties and I need two cups of coffee each morning.
She was good looking in college, but now she looks like a horse.
Is robinhood glitched it says it up 1600 but it’s a Saturday
Aoc is a 4 out of 10 and thats being generous
Upvoted this, need more of this stupid talk until I can load up 500 shares like grandma
Things will cool off for about 6 months until the next black guy gets shot and they remember "Oh yeah BLM started under Obama, they aren't/can't/won't  do shit about this either" and they'll be back in the streets
Tj❌ & ®️oss
Same, but livestock was delivered.  A lot of them. Fucking futures contracts.
godspeed retard it might pay off
Don’t French people take 2 hour lunch breaks though?
What qualifies as a whale in your mind, out of curiosity?
IBM is heavy in the same data analytics and machine learning space. What makes PLTR different than all the other companies doing the exact same thing (plus or minus being willing to work with government and law enforcement) is the $26B question.
That’s when I load my puts
bro ur girl getting split open hahahahhahahahha
You want to run the world? Talk about oppressive, thanks for proving my point. You're a simp in an alpha's clothing
lmfao italy is just some shitty southern euro nation, not somalia. 

the only reason italians are poorer than their northern neighbors is their endemic culture of laziness and corruption
Just rotate to oil and defense
lmao top 10 comments of 2020
Damn i hope my nio calls print at least
Lose the bad feelings quick or you're in for a bad trip
I don't mess with tech too much, but it sounds like it's somewhat similar to Splunk in activity and size, unless Splunk is pure data crunching and PLTR is a more complete package
Can you tell me if my wife come back home yet?
[deleted]
Unironically no im dead serious
I like these because we can all see when someone discovers options trading
Copy that. I’ll keep an eye on ATAI
LOW 175C 11/27. If you want to make it more risky then do 11/20. But I think lowes will do very well in earnings
She will be mixing drinks in a bar basement again
To be clear, I don’t have positions in any of the tickers you mentioned. And while there is some logic to your reasoning, you’ll get burned again if you think your price points are anything close to realistic.
Yeah i probably shoulda drawn a line somewhere lol... i honestly dont think she has any interest in him but them being alone together tripping is a little much for me
Don’t listen to this guy. Short that shit bro.
I have a significant amount in solo and I don’t know what I’d do if it doesn’t pump for me to get out
Hard run up or hard run down, I see no in-between coz its a meme stock.
With so many places going back to lockdown, I dont think my AMD jan calls will recover from its >50% down. I just might sell them at a loss with the next up tick next week.
hahahhahahahahaha, a true autist indeed. Make sure u background check ur future wife's boyfriend
I like it when you can see them struggling all the way to the end
Bruv u attach an EKG to your RH account?
Plus they got a deal with Amex for free membership for Gold card.
do you think cvs has more room to grow assuming they become the prime distributor of any future covid vaccines?
? What else would it be? 12 hour shifts?
Just in time for Biden to bring in 500,000 Indian doctors to depress your wages....congrats!
If you pull up the NIO level 2 in your brokerage software on Monday it should tell you
Or ATAI will be public next year. They do DMT. CMPS does shrooms.
That’s bs. I wouldn’t want my gf hanging out with her ex without me. Don’t think she would be cool if you did that to her.
20 after earnings is more important
This post is a sign that nio will now tank
I'm edging until Tuesday. When NIO hits $35 Tuesday I'm busting this young nut
Buy low G’s sell high G’s
12/18 is when quarterly rebalancing occurs. They usually announce the big boys two weeks prior. For q2 that was when etsy among others got included and tsla got snubbed
I guess the one in my area is paying rent using all the cents they accumulated whenever someone paid cash and they have been like “sorry we don’t have the 2cent change” over all the years they have been in business. Fuckers never have the change
Hey guys - checking in from the future. It’s Monday morning 30 mins before market open. A ton of bears are staring blankly at their computer screens as all indexes are up 1% and everything is bigly green. All puts fuk. Bears fuk. The end.
Already in
I think the rotation out of tech is premature.  Winter is going to be rough..... vaccines won't hit in volume until Q2 or Q3 2021. Recovery stocks are going to trade sideways or slightly down pretty soon.
Yes man she's cheating on you, you definitely belong here.
You will love The Leftovers if you like that one.
Need them gay porn links
Who's the mod that pinned this and is getting banned?
Yo I’d rather off myself than work more than 9 hours every day like some people do. I know some people work 12 hours a day every day of the week working two different jobs at once. Nope.
i worked construction when i was 19 and had money coming out of every hole

it's easy af to make stacks when youre 19 because you have zero costs beyond rent and food

4k is a joke at any age
I did it’s mostly stupid people
Gotcha thanks!
Idk if it’s your life or the peekend pow that is more boring
hav my life saving in 11/20 otm airlines calls lol
[deleted]
Why are people mad at COD making the USSR look bad? Like if you take COD campaign for absolute truth about history you are brain dead lmfao.
This has to be satire lol
Put me on a list and find out
I'm afraid of becoming a 30 year old boomer, how many addys & xannies do I need to snort while playing mumblerap on my juul to stop it from happening
Cool lol that worked out well lol I was pretty sure theta gang got fucked that day 😂
Game recognize game
Interesting yeah learning more about Gotham and Foundry
I would absolutely not be okay with it lol if it were me
She cute
man this guy has no clue what he's talking about... it's harder to land a Palantir gig than a Google gig these days anyway. Apart from that Palantir has partnerships going with Ferrari Scuderia and Airbus, you reckon Google employees are against them too?
They been saying that since April before that in Feb they were saying markets will hit AH.
What kind of boondoggle place offers 9 hour shifts
Used to live in a shitty cold apartment. Cheap investments: buy some window wrap my man, compartmentalize by hanging sheets on non essential parts, close doors on barely used rooms, check for drafts around doors
look up unusual options activity is? either way, its not even invested in the company its invested in options.
I love how .1% is $12 bucks, give you a scale of how much he violently swings up and down
Same here, I really thought this sub wouldn't be so commie.
lmao. Listen have fun let us run the world you just simp
He also looks like Winnie the Pooh, what’s up gay admins
Just started Utopia on Prime. So far so good
🇨🇳
wtf dude you are such a simp
good point, in my defense i’m new here. Take it easy.
Dude you've mentioned aoc like 3 times in last 5 minutes. I mean, whats really going on here?
Get back in.
How dare you libel those delicious sweater puppies like this
For you, in a good way, the rich gonna low means you get more.. you’re the retarded one here
In true wsb fashion
> 9 hours

> Slaving away

Basically French hours you fuckin softie.
[deleted]
Theyre still “good friends”. They havent dated for around 4 years so its not unbelievable and i have met the guy but... feeling weird i wasnt invited to this
Ikr, I've had losses more than his max account balance in a single day
bruh uber eats  during a pandemic this shit not going down
Def wouldn’t simp for her but u gotta admit she’s almost as thicc as mr krabs
Ban
When have we ever been bearish on an IPO?
You might be retarded. 

Have fun trying to show class solidarity with the 1%. You’ll be the next Jeff Bezos one day man, just be a good wage slave and don’t complain 😎
[deleted]
LMAO you seriously believe that tesla is going to rally about 20-30% on news that’s it’s joining an index? you have to be kidding me holy shit, you do really belong here.
I’m on YouTube watching a bunch of GAY Bears tell me the sky is falling. I’d rather watch gay porn than listen to these jagaloons tell me the market is fucked.
$FSR 11/20 20C
Interesting so going long on them would be just going long on the US? but also longing terrorism?
Buying leaps with this IV is one of the smartest moves you can make, but it's not sexy / exciting / autistic so no one here is going to do it.
[deleted]
Palantir is unique in that they’re data miners similar to Google and other big tech companies but they use the data for government purposes like ICE hiring them to find immigrants. Now that they’re public they’re working on growing into the corporate environment as well. I guess Crowdstrike is similar but not really.
Fuck lol
Sus af
NIO is the next NIO
ibm is smart, palantir is retard
Low key Uber most be spending a ton on getting users to order food through them. I keep getting $30 offers from them
😂😂😂😂
Ben would destroy that ass with FACTS AND LOGIC
I think every IPO gets a first day boost and the languishes. Door dash seems to be less of a loser than uber eats but I'm guessing that's covid driven.

I only use the pickup option on those apps.
I advise you to keep out the $1800 invested in the company.
[removed]
“Wet ass P word. Make that pull out game weak” -Ben Shapiro 

(Yes there is literally a segment of his reading the lyrics to WAP in disgust)
4PF approved
ive clocked 200% - 300% return annually for the past few years now. i dont really "day trade". closer to "swing trade", though i dont really like those terms because the entire industry they come from is horse shit

yes it is possible to far outperform the market, but you need to find some niche area and/or system that exploits informational or structural asymmetries (by the latter i mean you can do things that other participants cant or wont (think hard-coded institutional risk parameters for example))  

i personally trade in the the global macro sector of the market. my system is functionally pretty informal, but based on a sophisticated understanding of economics, global markets and the neuroscience of decision-making (i know this last part sounds cheesy, but its true).

how many people in the world have the knowledge and skill set to do what i do? 20? 100? it cant be many, and they probably prefer the security of some salaried gig somewhere, instead of sitting around in their pajamas betting a huge portion of their net worth.

so yes it is totally possible for a few far out statistical outliers. however, even fewer of the people who can do it actually will. unless youve spent a solid chunk of adult life being smarter than everyone around you and an "out of the box" thinker, i wouldnt even bother trying
This is the fourth wave.
Sounds like your girl belongs to the streets
Fuuuck my 9 hour shift is almost over. Then I go to sleep, wake up, eat breakfast, and start my next 9 hour shift. No wonder so many retards are trying to win the stock market lotto. We’re all slaving away rn
Alright I’m going to buy shares of CMPS
[deleted]
i have 100,000k+ portfolio, i just dont mess with options much. but you can check my post history, ive been on reddit before. i just deleted and remake account a bunch. i know how to spot winners, i called CVS and FISV and made 10k+ together. if i held, cud have been more, im just trying to spread my gains bro. itll happen no matter wat, its not a penny stock manipulation, the institutions own it.
This is perfect. He can bang her and you can marry her
You do know S&P inclusion would force mandatory rebalancing of all index funds to now force a portion of exposure to Tesla -- it would also be #25~ in the weighted index.  The fact that you think big players (not "investors" such as yourself) wouldn't be buying hundreds of thousands of shares is silly.  I'll wave to you from my Roadster near year.
[deleted]
I had no idea there were so many AOC simps in here. This is why people inverse you to make money
Wave is, shutdowns are not.
why she hanging with her ex? lmao
I’d like some advice
My options that expire just barely out of the money... I exercise them because 1) I really like to exercise my rights when I day drink on expiration Fridays and 2) fuck the people holding the other side of the contract...I hope their broker charges them an assignment fee and that they have a small account and can't actually afford the assignment without help from their broker.  I go looking for their post in /r/Robinhood *(OMG my short OTM call spread expired but was assigned!! WTF do I do!!?!?)* so that I can troll them some more.

The only time I'm not evil about it is when I'm exercising for ex dividend...very infrequent.
Holy shit you’re still holding it lmao you belong here
$dick   runs off batteries go all night
Inverse wsb says it'll take a shit at 10 and puts will print
I hope he learns about WAP
AOC will unite the nation like FDR with her "Fireside JOI"
It's because COVID is a known quantity now, and nobody is very scared of it.
Still can’t believe Reddit permanently banned by main account of 2yrs because I pronounced the Chinese, communist, dictator’s name wrong, lmao. They said it was hateful!
That's mr.fucking retard to you
5% off the cost of a hamburger right?? Or was the YouTube video about the fed printing money to cure covid lying to me
I’m radical, she is not lmao. 

“WOW affordable healthcare/education, holding the 1% accountable, trying to benefit the working class, SOOOOO RADICAL!!!!”
Think or swim and trade with paper money. Now fuck off this isn’t Google, douche bag
I wish I knew
How is the GME GANG holding up? will it hit $13 before earnings??
And yet she'll still be a better human being than you, damn
Ok so i know this isnt the right sub but... my gf is trying shrooms for the first time one on one with her ex and i have a really bad gut feeling... is it weird to feel really jealous about this or am i being crazy

Positions: nio 2022 50c 🤑🤑
He's up 109% up from that investment. Might've cashed out by now? I'm quite new to buying individual stocks instead of index funds . Only like 6 weeks now. Have you ever seen a couple of stocks like this in a sector before whicb rise upto 30% in a day and keep growing massively for months?
https://i.imgur.com/C88CD5F.png
https://i.imgur.com/C88CD5F.png
[deleted]
Fucking retard
https://time.com/5903590/coronavirus-covid-19-third-wave/
Why be bullish on doordash when the Uber eats part of Uber has been losing money? Lots of competition
No they're both tech duh
Bro AOC is definitely a radical.
So call uber and get your refund stop acting like a baby
There were 464 Covid deaths in the US on November 8th. Ain't nobody giving a shit about 646 unhealthy geezers dying. 

Covid might singlehandedly fix Social Security in the US.
Standing up to China's encrouchment.
Agreed and everybody knows it
We’d all be millionaires if DIX/GEX were truly actionable metrics. Careful using trailing indicators
What in the fuck kind of coloring system is this you’re an absolute aut
This needs to be an ETF.
I don't think it could really be boiled down into a nice digestible couple sentences. We issued the debt because there's enough demand to allow it. If the debt was lowered on the sell-side, it would increase interest rates and make the dollar stronger. If the debt was lowered on the buy-side it means the interest on it isn't appealing and the value will lower until it looks attractive to borrow again.

I'll tread lightly on the pro-life movement argument. Speaking 100% realpolitik without getting into the debate itself, yes from the viewpoint of an overarching governing body (national governments, religion, whatever) the policies that promote internal expansion are more beneficial than policies that contract membership rates. My $0.02
Ey why you so boring
What would be the best comp?
> apples to oranges

But you can still compare them.
Nah it's like 15 bucks

On a more serious note, op you should stop gambling and sell cash secured puts. Run the wheel and keep grinding
In some situations you can sell a covered call once it pops up to recover some of your investment, effectively turning the trade into a bullish call spread
Market cap though.

Also alot of companies went under $10 during march.
Uber driver just stole my food. Never delivered it and won't answer call.

I'm shorting $uber at open
But I'd still wanna smash
You took over an hour to respond to your grandma? Asshole
Hahaha all concerned n shiet
What are diamond hands
People are looking at it to moon to 17, 20, 30, 50, 80, 100
Andddd nobody has yet to tell me why this stock is trash...

It’s not nio, my bad.
That’s comparing apples to oranges
At about $2000
I want to believe you, but only 1.8k in that’s a ban
More like 20 days till wsb is wiped out and there are like 20 folks left in this sub who aren’t broke.
Proof or ban
Not really. There is too much to lose for anyone involved and you can be there would be full scale riots if there was a draft.
RIP buy puts for the recall when the 6 figure "super" truck bursts into flames.
The well decorated cottage got me too
Where do you define NIO hitting the moon though!
Yeah but they pumped premarket before I sold my calls for that week so I still made like 5 grand in one sell then I bought back in 3 dollars lower and sold calls again kek
Turn up the thermostat?
This post made my pp SFT
[deleted]
[removed]
Damn I need a good straddle for NIO


Its the first wave
I think she has some big ol low hangers... they just seem like they droop too much to be worthwhile.  I bet it would be disappointing.
The shit I read on this sub sometimes...
This market is indeed rather special.
[deleted]
We moved from cheeto man to unsalted popcorn man
How is Plantir different from an IBM? just trying to understand their competitive advantage, is it just talent?
Elon out there creating jobs in 3rd world countries. What a guy! Amirite?
Didn’t they pumped like 25% on the day of the vaccine news?
[deleted]
My apartment is so tucking cold
This shit going to trade sideways for a couple days.
Mandatory 10% kickback to me if you take this man cause you’re going to ball the fuck out
Oh man. Med school is rough. Law school sucked but med school is like ten times worse.
Why do you say so? Trumps legal cases are being dismissed left and right due to no evidence
These people aren’t radicals. The U.S is just so far right that basic level shit is considered “Radical” here lmao.
Positions 12/18 $20c
[deleted]
Ray Dalio doubles his NIO position 

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/amp/
look at PLUG
When AOC is president 80% of your trading money will go to the poor for climate change but nothing will change
Of course. It might sell off anyways but only temporarily
i want to play tech earnings this week (SE, NVDA) but i'm worried that any positive vaccine PRs will cause another heavy rotation into value. suppose ill just hedge with IWM/airlines
Thx to reminding me to sell credit spreads
Congrats man
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**TSLA**|**$550**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-11**|**$1.9**|**$408.5**|**639**|**42**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhic1l0rff1b0751ydx0mmj1) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ChefBaconz/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Anyway, congrats on the gains.
I second a red day on monday so my puts can print
Yes
Imagine selling a vehicle nobody asked for and the base model will cost more than a top of the line cybertruck
**Now that I got into medical school yesterday morning, I have completed another task off of my long, life checklist, check it out:**

- Graduate from College ✅

- Get into medical school ✅

- Graduate from medical school (pending)

- Finish residency (pending)

- Live a very minimalist lifestyle in an apartment while eating chicken and rice (apart from buying a Lamborghini), and put every single paycheck into dividend stocks, theta gang plays, and weekly meme stock YOLOs to finally become rich and retire in the mountains of Siberia (pending)

**Hit me up if you guys want some ADDY PRESCRIPTION in about a decade, lmao 🤡👉👈**
[deleted]
UBER and LYFT puts 11/20s buy ATM Monday morning and sell Tuesday latest 10x banger
[removed]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Where did they get that data? Who did they interview? Some Rothchilds ? I assure you 1 in 25k people has that salary, and i don’t have a single clue where those number come from
She sent me nudes.
imo scary part is that blm and antifa hate biden as much as trump so no solution anyway
Why would you join *this* subreddit discord omfg
Yeah, you're right. Biden is cool. But the democrat party has a bunch of infighting right now. The radicals vs the moderates. As long as the moderates win out or the GOP keeps the senate we're fine.
That was very anticlimactic.  Yet still got me hard as a rock.  Nice job
Singapore.
Zm 250P jan 15
[deleted]
anybody else super bullish on doordash IPO?
Put it all on black u pussy
The protestors on either side are a small minority most people have lives
why is everyone talking about AOC rn
[source ](https://ir.tffpharma.com/news-releases/news-release-details/tff-pharmaceuticals-present-jefferies-virtual-london-healthcare)
Christ what a fucking idiot. How did you lose money on Microsoft this year. It went up 2-3% daily for months until the pandemic started
Lol yeah t can go really bad😂😂 I am also happy for you that it wasn’t a real trade lol
This is the third wave tho
Which one? Singapore Uni or Malaysian?
All I want is a red day monday

Especially pltr. Go back to 14
5/21/21 $18c BE
Take a break. Maybe do smaller bets. If you can hold stonks, that is good. I, for one, could never hold stonks. Options are life (and death) for me and I've accepted that.
You can't have a second wave when you haven't left the first. 🤫
he didn’t, he’s making it up from speculation
Shits how hard?
more disposable income to throw away for stonks! 

Congrats.
Nah, everyone wants to see the real action. The Ben Shapiro AOC sex tape. Where she dominates little Benny the entire time. His love for her is so obvious
Don’t fail me BEST.
I think it aged fairly well considering the "panik" was the fear of this happening.
Sir I can afford half a share.

Just kidding I’m in. Actually read instructions seems insane, still doing it.
January 15th PTON $195 calls.
Its 53 cents tines the 100 shares. So its 500 cents. Minis his premium so probly 10 shrutebucks in the money.
Yea, life took a downturn since I joined college. Worked my ass off to join a decent college (actually one of the best) in Asia just to become an unmotivated prick among my peers.
Uber and Lyft just payed millions to pass Prop 22, I don't think they are going anywhere. Gotta love democracy...
[deleted]
Anybody who is in DC is bat shit insane, Americans are crazy but you’re seeing about the craziest of the bunch.
[deleted]
I may not be tall, or smart, or rich, or good looking...but I'm pretty quick with references, so I got that going for me, which is nice.
this has to be the most retarded thing i’ve ever read, it’s not going to be put in the s&p anytime soon and even when it is nobody is going to jizz over it as much as you think, investors hate elon because of how erratic and random elon can be depending on his mood. there are way bigger forces at play like how Trump handles the next few months, the virus, what the government does for a stimulus and relief, etc.
Second round about to start
I legit have a little bit of anxiety about it. I know ppl on both on sides that are going to be extremely pissed when this election goes to Biden or Trump. I'm pretty apolitical, I dont follow politics to much and I dont cheer for a side, but the ones I know who follow that shit like religion have me a little axious.

Edit: a word
okay im not gonnna lie, tomorrow what im going to do is turn on stereo sayan 3d on youtube and just choose a meme stock to go all in on 0dtes on, I feel like strategy is actually unstoppable I even one time said in the daily discussion thread to play it and if we all scream LETS GO NIOO together it would push the stock price up and it worked so what do u guys say, 9:30 am when youre all awake before brushing your teeth or having breakfast can you guys just play that on youtube and yell for me?
Agree, I even have $10 puts for NIO just in case.
Why you sound like a Russian bot tho?
Can’t wait to use my $1200 stimulus to buy F puts
Where did you hear 12/18 is when Tesla will be included?
Once someone shoots back the population will remember which side owns more guns and it will either end quick or somewhat soon
how will we know if this takes effect
Good shit, congrats
And they partner with NKLA
https://i.gyazo.com/82f9117b841c70a1289252006b06036c.png

Average salary, 3,650 euro per month. Your family is just europoor that's all.
The only people confirming is social media. Which doesnt mean shit.
Guns don't kill people, the government does
What if AOC and Bernie made a sex tape called: “AOC tames the bern”

It’s obvi a BDSM flick with AOC pegging Bernie in a well decorated Vermont cottage.
RKT needs to head for the moon this week or else I am going to lose so much money!
Yeah definitely taking medical advice from someone here
Sounds NIO af
you think it'll earnings moon?
$MU to $115 by the end of January
No
(It really is)
Here’s the thing, obviously talking about Ford is fine, just the shit like weed penny stocks (sundial) under $1 is what’s wrong
And they think they can make a hummer EV... they are in over their heads.
You guys will love this.  Some kid looks exactly like him:

[https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-38103946](https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-38103946)
trump was a failure as a us president. he will be a shit stain in the history books. i wouldnt be surprised if he blew his own brains out after they kick him out of office!
Where is the socialism with Joe Biden. Dude is a literal centrist (aka a right winger if he was in any other country)
Agreed. States “confirming” Biden’s win. Lmao. That’s a fantasy
#HEY THERE, FELLOW TARDS

Jokes aside, I haven't been as active. Long story short, guess what happened yesterday?

Guess who..got into MEDICAL SCHOOL?

**THAT'S RIGHT, PLASTICRICE BABY**

WOOOOOOOO I'M GONNA BE A DONKTOR

**Feel free to hit me up in about ~8 years if you want 5% off on your first consultation, lmao :)**
If I had 4k when I was 19 I would have spent it on drugs and alcohol. It's a lot of money, especially when your 19 and never had 400k.
Ray Dalio doubles his NIO position 

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/amp/
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Bburr072 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
One of my top long positions. Really bailed me out on Friday
..snorts in pork bellies
are any of you scared about war? watching andy twitter videos about blm and dc shit is crazy for euro people to see. I dont wanna lose my tendies bc of some dumb fucks
But when did this all become public knowledge?
VALE
I lost my entire account. 1200.  Well, I have 12$ and some change left.

Gotta wait until after tax season to put in more probably.
HELL YEAH
Oh 🍝
Iced in
Man, if it ever gets below 40 again, it's going to fucking tank when retail shits their pants.
2% down had me out like a light Ayy like a light ayy, tried to hedge with margin but that spread wasn’t no bargain
Share dilution coming for you
Yea now everyone looking for the next NIO
Well... Probably because there are plenty of both.

Also, why did you censor Jew? Rofl.
Lets all rub our crystal balls together
[removed]
Lol 1 month salary. Ye if your a president of the republic. The fuck you get those salary info, monopoly game?
Obviously in Dallas, right?
Riced
The problems were up to at least 2012 and carried over to the c63’s as well.
I'll take those odds.
100% this. I love gambling and I am doing just fine because I just go long equities and it all works out over time.
This is my plan, once nio hits the moon we go all in TSLA.
Pussy - I was implying pussy
Ray Dalio disagrees

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/amp/
Yeah, 100%. This would be the only reason they might try to shut things down again. To con one last stim out of congress.
You might be retarded if you think a borderline right wing centrist like Joe Biden is a communist. Lmaoooo what are you, fucking Liberty Prime from Fallout?
No
So many bagholders lol. Itll be under 40 monday
You really honestly think that equities are fairly priced right now? That 200+ P/E is normal? At the rate we’re going SPY would be around $1,000 by 2025. Does that seem like natural economic growth to you?
Nov 20 call lets fucking GOOOO hope the earnings next week will be astronomic
🧐
The writings of an angel og you ask me.
I think he means socialism which is just a transitional stage to eventual communism
What Puts?
second wave PRICED IN
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> Nios main advantage is the fact they’re Chinese and the ccp will back them vs an American company.

And as we've seen with other Chinese stocks, this is enough to go long by itself.
Ray Dalio disagrees

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/amp/
Ego is a little bruised, but we aight.
We should sponsor a Korean rapper to make a this is 🇨🇳 song
You hyping or is there really an announcement tomorrow? My $17.5 calls will like you if there really is
Software the government uses is usually archaic and very crappy. Stating that isn't really much. It is a very low bar.
The name is Daren, get it right
It’s you to blame, not options
Bruh I’m cute she won’t leave me
I lost 30 grand, I got hella paper hands
Bro you act like Italy is a 3rd world country... 4k euros is 1 month salary. It's baby position but congrats on gains.
You think it could go to $70 by Friday?
you are too stupid to understand if you are asking such basic question
[deleted]
Remember when this sub used to ban any talk of a stock under $10/share? Those were the days
Just saying that GM Chevy Bolts is ugly as hell and now got recalled? Puts on GM
Grabbing 12/18 $17.5 on Monday 👌
Like the Chinese popeye
She looks like the type of person to hate fuck you and then squeeze your head in and play among us on twitch while standing in your blood
Communists can be so hot.
When I was younger like 28-29 years old, I used to let my mom do my taxes as she was in finance and knew how to do them.  So I remember one year after the financial crisis I lost something like 60% of my net worth probably $50k at the time.  I end up emailing her after she saw the losses that I might have a problem but I'm gonna be better about it.

So yeah its 10 years later, and I just learned how to gamble better... and use turbotax premier
AOC reminds of some really funny deepfakes
Yes and no. Mostly yes.
Hey don't talk about my money printing baby like that. Calls here.
I wanna shove my dick in her mouth no cap
Nio is going to have a cream pie all next week. I can smell it from here
FaketitsVille.
I really want NIO to go back up not just because money, but to also dab on those haters!
AOC reminds me of college educated 😋
until she says shit like: ''I don't recognize you anymore'' 

and its over. 

enjoy it while it lasts
That looks like trading212 app.
Lol I love petty shit like that - what state you in that it’s 81? Jealous
“Actually no one can see a bubble, that’s what makes it a bubble”

“That’s dumb, /u/PowerOfExponents, there’s always markers”
red china
The lies of locke lamora. The first law trilogy is insanely good. Robin Hobbs realm of the elderlings if you wanna read 16 books (5 separate series that coincide together)
Trump! Is that you over there? I did not know you have a reddit account! Please step out of office. You obviously lost. 

Please actually understand everything behind that and not just read headlines LOL.
Apparently it seems that options are meant to fuck both my bank account and my academics. 

Took a finance mod in college this sem, but it seems that i'll be failing it.
You're way overstating Asia here. They're wearing masks out of necessity, not altruism.

Asia is literally a cesspool of viruses and bacteria where millions of people are living on top of each other. If people didn't wear masks when sick, literally everybody would be sick all the time there.

Masks really aren't necessary in the US in normal times, except maybe kids in schools.
Pinkies out, slut
WE HAVE THE DOCUMENTS
Ross is still a thing?
[deleted]
AOC reminds me of someone I want to bust a nut in
Do us all a solid and ban yourself. Thank you in advance
This is 🇺🇲
Biden won’t be the president😂
Hey in Italy that amount of money is huge. And for the media I’m not one you ass lickers that have everything from their parents. I worked and got the money and since I’m 19 and not born a rich prick that money amount is big. Peace
Please tell me where the communism is. I’m looking for it and wish I could find some
We all agree to disagree.
Seems pretty accurate to me, I’m guessing HYLN was over hyped out the kazoo?
PFE, bntx, JnJ
Back in highscool I touched my pp through my pants
Yo do you have a newsletter or something
AOC reminds me of Joe from that Netflix show
It is better than a GM. Nio like Tesla is becoming a household and lifestyle brand. EV is just a way they penetrate the generation. NIO apparels are also popular.
IVR is next months plug
Market gotta come down before stimulus talks get serious.
14 days to flatten the curve
They lose money.
54% you can do something with. As long as your return is a guaranteed 4% above random, just leverage up the margin.
Congrats on making 60 grand at 25 years old Jesus H tap dancin Christ
Half a billion volume on NIO Friday. Regardless of what happens Wednesday, it’ll be massive in either direction. Buckle the fuck up NIO gang
Sharpe needs to go up, like stonks
54% you can do something with. As long as your return is a guaranteed 4% above random, just leverage up the margin.
Allegiance to israel
I’m holding, and I’ll probably get rekt. My spread expires Monday and I need spy to finish above 356 to collect my spread
Maybe u find ugly people attractive?
don't sleep on JD
Nice job!
CRSR, PLTN, CVAC, FNKO.
Having been trained on both Palantir and a competitor (DCGS-A) for the government, I can safely say the gap is pretty vast right now.  I’m sure it will close eventually... but right now it’s not close.
Inves*titi*
Some people place job satisfaction over money, I took a 50k a year cut to do what I do currently.   Didn't take me anywhere near that minimum wage pittance, but it was a big change of lifestyle.
Trump needs to be a next president for US, this communist pupet biden not gonna do anything to chaina for what they have done to the world
sound like a suit, ⚰️
[removed]
In fact, you are legally required to wear your mask as long as you're out in some Asian countries. Singapore is an example.
Sheeeeiiiiiiiittttttttt
Is the head bolt and transmission only for the older year models? That sounds terrible
What time is the FSR announcement tmr?
now I hit the fpo with duffles in my 🙏
What about FUV?
F
let’s spear some 🐳 wall st bastards 😎 and give material to wfh fin journos since they can’t stop writing about us 🙄 let’s go hunting
Chinas best teacher tho - never forget
Yep, 100%. This would actually be a positive coming out of this shitty pandemic. 

Typically by now there would be at least one cold going around near me, and there hasn't been anything.
NIO hitting 60 on Monday or Tuesday?
Yeah I do not like holding past 45 days till expire so I’m prob gonna sell this week at a loss and go all in on calls because this market it retarded and I guess I’m the bigger idiot for thinking I understand it
Oh boy did I get burned on that
In this day in age, they probably just quit and start an onlyfans. Sad for slave minimum wage jobs and for onlyfans too. The bleak times right now.
God dang it Bobby. That’a a deep well socket, you don’t want to use a deep well socket!
NIO gonna pump back to 50 on Monday and suddenly you’re gonna see a bunch of DD about why it went back up lol.
Facts 😤
Right!!! His head is fucking huge.  I remember watching the alibaba ipo going cray over how big his friggen head was.
Now I hit that robinhood with duffles in my hand
basically, if you like money, you will do NIO calls

If you hate money, you hate NIO
Lmao savage
If you understood how QE works and knew that banks are tightening their lending standards you would be equally concerned as I am.
[deleted]
Hello 🤡

I am Jack Ma’s face when CCP regulators entered me from behind...🇨🇳🤫🍆🥺
Already spoke to my lambo dealer... told him to get the documents ready and wait for my call on Monday ....NIO better not disappoint
Disagreeing with any mainstream belief just for the sake of being contrarian is American af. Give me one example of something that all of us agree on, I'll wait
Yeah i know but come on, every guy wants a bigger dick, even if you can use an average sized dick effectively, imagine what you can accomplish with a bigger than average dick? So why wouldn't you want it?
[deleted]
Yeah man I’m in the same boat Lmaoo

It’s crazy how we all think the same even tho we are in different places, the reward always out ways the risk
No stimmy until Georgia Senate race is decided

^^^or ^^^maybe ^^^no ^^^stimmy ^^^ever
You folks are all retards! FSR has doubled in the past week. Nothing but tendies baby!
Nice job! & Fuck you!
Try in r/portfolio
What I think isn’t worth anything to anyone since covid is still here. CCL is a post COVID world trade. I got nothing but time. I’ll wait
Shes in love with the cokeo
This is a really bad idea. Uber is about to start it's gradual rise to the moon, will be over $100 per share within 2-3 years.
[deleted]
333 canadian dollars, what is that in US, like 175?
Has anyone looked up Short Sale Restriction tule from SEC? If stock falls below 10% of previous close short sellers not allowed to cock block tahr stock for next business day. Nio will probably go to $49-$50 without shorts being 🌈🐻cock blocks. Anyone find out where Andrew left home address is btw?
Trump should Nuke them on his way out the door
Hmm ok, if coming weeks offer the opportunity, perhaps consider getting out. But really, who knows, it is year 2020 after all, much much crazier things have happened than SPY 300:P
Just letting you know before some mod chimes in with their big GA* stick.
Yes- had an option somewhat close to expiry, there was a dividend coming up—didn’t think I was getting enough value for the contract considering the dividend— so I excercised early, got the dividend, and when it broke past the pre dividend price I closed out.
Need to see some NKLA in their
What if it's flat?
https://twitter.com/drericding/status/1327599767376039948?s=21
There won't be a dip for a while
https://imgur.com/gallery/78dQMZ7

Very funny, I’ve had my account open for a few years but only started trading about a month and a half ago.
NIO puts printed on Friday. 

Yes.
So what will spy do
sharks came to pump and get out, but theyll come back
ewwwwwwwww
Back in high school I used to bust it to the dance
Lol Andrew left. The same guy that defended LUCKIN COFFEE

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-04-02/muddy-waters-wins-twitter-war-with-citron-over-luckin-coffee
What’s the implied volatility for your contracts?
Both kind of, I'm not destitute or anything but I do have to cut back in places I'd rather not. I think it's more of a psychological thing, having a nice lump sum of money available to you is comforting versus living nearly paycheck to paycheck
First-time poster. Lurker for 5 months or so...

I followed WSB protocol to make money. Inverse WSB. 

When everyone started losing their shit over it....meant the top was in. Time to prepare to bail. Set a trailing stop and sold at $52. 

Boomer positions 
Round one 200x $11 and sold at $22 during September “crash”. 

Round 2 - 100x$21/ sold at $52. 


Now if I could just unload the HYLN bags....
RH won’t let me write naked (also I’m too much of a bitch) but I think it should be solid. Even with incredible retard strength I think $60 by 11/20 is a fantasy
Hello 👋

I am Jack Ma's wierd disgusting scrunched face
Rusty Shackleford told me to watch out for PPPPfizer and their deadly placebo drug
Lmfao I will most definitely do the very same thing
Gg
Some night pull out at 52-55 because they were burning friday. Seems like monday might be a double day trade moment, but that's just my DD.
Going for leaps on Monday. Good luck all.
Ya know - this comment made me angry, but then I realized that it is 100% spot on.
Let her sell covered calls
Can almost only lose money here.
I don’t doubt that but you just have to sell as soon as you make like 50% cause the stock is unreal
Good luck
At least you can talk about stonks with your mom. A lot of people would love to have such a great relationship with their parents.
I shorted /es on a paper trading account to test what futures are like. Went from 200k to 100k. Glad that wasn't a real trade. Lol
I did not know that. That’s pretty cool
Just making sure we’re on the same autistic level
fuck you and fuck you
She’s in love with who I am
All I’ve seen in the last 2 days is overwhelming pessimism. Are we on the same sub?
Would think stimmy will happen and be big. Trump will get his win and leave the mess for the next guy to handle.
Tesla had all this
I would like to buy a car from a company that doesn’t need to shill it on a Saturday in a message board
yeah except markets are like +60% since April. But a smooth brain like you would never be able to make an observation like that.
[deleted]
Nothing can top that
You’re on WSB, the expire Monday!
Project Veritas could face legal liability for postal worker's ballot fraud allegations, experts say
Ciara Torres-Spelliscy, an election law expert and professor at Stetson University, outlined in an email to Salon the possible legal ramifications at both federal and state levels.

"If this was done before a federal court then there's a strong argument that it would violate 18 U.S. Code § 1622 as a subornation of perjury," Torres-Spelliscy said. "If it were before a state court then it could be illegal as perjury under the Pennsylvania statutes."
Had FSR when it was still SPAQ. Stayed on too long and cut for a loss
Who else is waiting on a FSR dip to load up on shares?
At least we’d all be rich by then, if fiat currency even has any value
Damnit
Yeah I know it’s always a fucking worry u can short futures that has no theta lol
lol 4k

lol big ballz

400k is big balls

4k is baby shit
Oh yeah, I want to work for an ethical company like Google or Facebook that cooperates with the Chinese government instead of the us government
[deleted]
Dude same, I’ve just started to celebrate by posting here
No worries. I often fuck myself despite what I just said.
Posted positions, but ban anyway
Greatest wealth transfer
When do they expire ?
FSR, it was nearly immune to the Chinese EV dump on Friday but also benefited from Chinese EV pumps so it's a win/win and there's a $22 price target on it
I didn’t know drug overdoses were contagious
Try 2025 bud
UBER ain’t going below 45
No, but will get cheddar jalapeño man
Whenever something memes this hard I start hoping it blows up a bunch of accounts purely so people will shut up about it. 

The sub has been nearly useless for a week or two with every fucking post being about nio and if you say anything negative about it you get downvoted for criticizing their baby, and heavily upvoted for complimenting it. Fuck your [ugly baby](https://imgur.com/gallery/IjyQd).
I should look at calls on Monday.  You think Jan is far enough out?  Mar?
Of course but with how NIO has been running I thought it wouldn’t even be worth due to how it has recovered some times. But still I am new and retarded so maybe next time or not
Any other broker would just list expired.

Not Robinhood for retards  You get the full definition.  Your PTON Put expired OTM. You no longer have the option to sell 100 shares of PTON for $88.00 each.
Wtf. You can actually play racing games inside your XPEV car using the actual steering wheel? That’s pretty cool. 

I wonder if you can also trade your options on its control screen while driving.
What did it say?
What app is thus?
Fsr or die
Bull and bears both use boost mobile because it’s the only plan that will take us wsb’rs
It’s not about the fees but the reeeeeeeeeeees of the ride
Which sub is the /wsb that actually talks about stocks like nio before they blew up
this is fucking retarded

you should be ashamed
never lmao. America is full of selfish redneck boomers who would never do anything for other people. It's not like Asia where they actually care about collective goals like health
DIX and GEX  is uppies. Stocks go uppies.
I can’t wait for the rest of November and December, never don’t give up.
Well played bruv
If Trump is cheeto man will we ever get a flamin hot cheeto man?
Where in Texas you from?
I agree but wsb will be missing out on tendies
It can be both
No it's your stepbro
Yeah, two giga factories going up, two new product launches, functional FSD, lowest solar price per kwH nationwide, nothing to see here boys.  Best keep investing in hochimin stocks.
She's going to sell it for pennies to some scammer.
I worry about theta fucking me
I think we definitely see alot more people wearing masks permanently. I know a few people who legit have become germaphobes due to this virus
lambo or sucking lame dick well see
hope some NIO conversation from here moves there.
Will print
It was early on to be fair, and only for about 10mins of trying to make sense of all of it but I just deleted the app so perhaps that was just the mood of the moment.
Lol we would know in 24 hours 😂
Idk mannnn I’m thinking NIO puts will print next week
My erect penis says 70$ but my flacid butthole says 64$, meanwhile my pet cockroach says a median estimate between 57.3$ and 69$ is the best case scenario and the worst case is in between 35$ and 37$
Because one hit will increase your standard of living? Or just give you freedom to spend?
Idk I haven’t discovered time travel yet
[deleted]
Probably not as much but it was the most recent highly wagered earnings. IV was 250% lol and shit NIO got to 450%
[deleted]
uber long puts seem like a really solid play monday
Buy leap options on companies with large technological moats. 365 DTE or longer.
Yeah you are right but have you looked at the IMF report on sheetcoin
134 shares at $58.91

Yeah, my risk profile is definitely lower. I am super bullish on AMD and want to hold indefinitely really.
Ya, I'm not nearly as technical or well versed in that kind of stuff as you. Just saw it and its looks undervalued compared to other tech stocks. Previous experience trading AMD earlier this year has taught me that it is most likely over do for a come up. Thank you for reading my retarded DD
tricky one
That’s because we didn’t know anything about covid and there was lots of uncertainty surrounding it, now that we know about it, no one gives a crap about it expect people that are losing money on puts
Please ELI5
> **my initialization into this subreddit** 

If you keep calling it initialization, you're never going to get initiated.
Hearing this narrative since April
PLTR GANG CHECKING IN 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I was just saying WSB does not like smaller stocks. In the rulz....
Pls green Monday ffs
If y’all ever get tired of these low volume comments, just go refresh the NIO conversation on yahoo lol
Ray Dalio says to the moon! 🌝 

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/amp/
Stop loss.
🤷‍♂️
67c here, not my worst gamble in life
r/investing uses **virgin mobile**

Bulls use **Straight Talk**

Jesus uses **T-Mobile**
Bear market is over my friend
Make sure to hedge friend. Things are getting dire
Do you guys think the US changes to start wearing masks like Asian countries do if you’re sick? Or is the mask wearing gonna stop when this is over
Ban bet or stfu
Dont tell these peasants
Exactly. Especially with all the sharks coming in last week I’m not selling it until at least March.
Yes I’ll be indulging in many succulent hot dogs
Shakes fist at entropy!
Was it this hyped?
[deleted]
You answered your own question, I don't want to wage slave anymore and I'm willing to risk all my wagie bucks to achieve that
Gtfo bear.
Well they mooned on Friday even with news that their first cruise voyage had 5 rona cases. Good luck
NANANANANNAANNANANA SPACMAN!!!
Ray Dalio disagrees 

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/amp/
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Dnarus the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It’s the fact they did this before ER. Makes no sense to put a price adjustment the week before ER. In 3 days they would’ve had more info for an actual smart decision. This was so sus
Covered call means you own the stock. Use it for a stock you want to own forever. Sell calls out of the money. Far enough out it is unlikely they activate. I own Microsoft. If I sell a call 10 points higher a week out you can make 6-10% a year. Turn it into a big dividend stock. No guarantees but it's pretty safe. If your shares get called sell puts.
I told you to stop watching what your mother and I do in private. We want a better life for you and we do these things for your future! 
Now go to your room and think about what you've done while we still have the house, the margin call will be on Monday, I suggest you pack!
What about microdosing shrooms? I never tried it but I heard it being described as above.
[removed]
[removed]
The next market crash will likely happen in the next 1-5 months. And there won’t be a V-shaped recovery this time. Even if we have a working vaccine the economic damage has been done. Best case scenario is a 1-2 year recession. Worst case scenario is a depression. This decade is just getting started
[deleted]
Lmao you weren’t tricked your just a stupid 🤡🦆
[deleted]
Tbh the beard oil does wonders for rough / curly beards.
😘
If you think this past Sunday-Monday was green you have no idea what all this gamma is about to do.

Gamma radiation literally made the Hulk cock, its going to blast shorts into oblivion. Just look at the DIX/GEX.
How's my xpev 55c call I bought on Friday gunna turn out on Monday?
Could go up, could go down
pretty  much haha!
Thank you for your service, sir
Bought baba 325c 4/21. 

You guys jump off the baba train or do you think these will print?
guys I woke up after partying with bear ghosts and my ass is covered with ectoplasm 

also my calls are somehow down 75% on a fucking saturday

was i tricked?
Like Bill Ackman
So you’ve blown up the account 5 or 6 times?
Also looking at those because of the Elliot wave what made you think about them?
I dunno. Every single gamestop in my area has shut down except the one inside the mall
Sounds like he knows something we dont
How’d futures open up?
That is an alpha move bro, kudos.
This is what I don't get, if they find evidence that he shorted NIO right before he released the article how is that not cut and dry manipulation? He knows he has a platform that will affect the stock, it's not like he's some unknown tard tweeting into the abyss.
Suck my dickkkkk
Awful
You doing ok?
I still hope they come abck to 10-13 bucks but couldn't agree more with you. That company is worth billions and still has investors despite being in the red for years. Their software has been for wars, covid, basically fighting anything "bad" that inevitably continues to happen in our world. Surefire hold.
Wow a store no one goes to is hosting an event for a game no one plays. brilliant
I don't like that trump tweeted about the Stimmy

I'm scared.for my puts daddy. Orange man bad
Thats what my wife's boyfriend says to 😒
I’m half human, half retard a rare breed perhaps
+25% will be a new PR for you!
Same, I prefer having two red days and create a stable price then shoot up from there
back in the cagey, wagey-wagey
Deal
I bought (15) 60c 12/04 when it was at 42ish..Easy money, Lambo soon..
Eh money printer doesn’t go brr dumbass. QE is not money printing, QE is deflationary
I feel like people saying j\*w and f\*g are more common on there from my experience.
Would be funny to see the 🌈🐻 fucked in the ass though, ohh the irony
After earnings IV crush sets in.
thats more of a movie suited  for the alpha male demographic who then think they are smart enough to time a market crash and become rich.
Makes sense. If a person earns $500 k ($250 k after taxes), he could easily pay $36 k a year on rent

But how could there be a lot of millionaires in a single place? Like where did their the companies they work for companies get money?
prolly not
!RemindMe Monday
Well then your feelings are great. If it bothers you, make sure you block me so you don't see my comments. Because I will not hold back on what I want to say on reddit because you think it's "bizarre".
Sure, but only because SPCE is gonna moon next week.
Too much supporting data. Always inverse WSB.
I will be messaging you in 5 days on [**2020-11-20 00:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-20%2000:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju7qj5/tsla_iv_at_lowest_point_in_6_months_wsb_comment/gcav399/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju7qj5%2Ftsla_iv_at_lowest_point_in_6_months_wsb_comment%2Fgcav399%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-20%2000%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju7qj5)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
😂😂😂
when the boredom and mediocre profits set in... youll be back here to give your money to the market
Got caught holding the bag, thought I sold last time there was a big drop but my robinhood was acting up.
If i were you, i would rather be me 🐒💨
Didn't AMC just recently speak of a large investor coming in?
NIO

Flip a coin for calls or puts
[deleted]
way easier
!RemindMe Friday
I was following this up until "learning," wtf is that, does not belong here
Same. Played 2 rounds. Slightly smoother than the beta. Hit me up once I put a few hours in for an actual comment.
Most guys here break down crying so youre doing just fine
Hope you went longish good luck
All BABA calls. I’m all in lmao
Please dear god let PLTR come back to 12-13 bucks so daddy can buy in where he wanted to. Please dear god
Ugh, why would I want to invest in a company with employees concerned about stupid shit like morals and ethics?

Crush the competition, make money. $PLTR to the moon.
Yea I mean we are currently witnessing the biggest Stock market bubble of all time most likely. The question is does it ever pop? I’m guessing not lmfao.
Balls deep in VXX 19c 11/20
You must have missed $RKT
Give it 2 weeks this is a natural cycle
359
Yeah i guess youre right. Take this upvote
Jokes on you. I go both waysss
When it starts killing more than 2% of the population
Ive bought a scooter from niu in summer 2019 and looked up the stock, but didnt care to find out anything more about them. thats was just below 5$...
I’m trying to understand what makes them different from like an IBM?
Hmm, dont you feel that is a bit too ambitious? Very difficult to imagine us dropping that far. Even 320 is quite a stretch honestly. 
Nevertheless, you never know. Good luck!
Or you can just watch the big short
SPY. Also a typo, I meant $75
whats your pos?
when it starts to compare anything remotely to heart attack / obesity related / drug related deaths that these "doctors" have been ignoring for the last 20 years. 

>In 2018, 67,367 drug overdose deaths occurred in the United States

not a peep

gtfoh
coomer
[deleted]
"Cool, but please be super cautious. Expect two steps forward, one back. Lot of new code was merged." Elon Musk Tweet

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327750522489638912?s=20
They don’t like going down
Yeah that’s a good one
Covid cases is the mystery I have yet to crack cause it was a big deal in March and June but now it doesn’t matter
It’s just holiday season coming and people are buying food for Thanksgiving or something. Look at what’s in their carts.
Well you are on WSB so it’s not unusual
Dec 18 $500c
Descriptors paint a picture in your mind! I have a decent idea of what she may look like with them pierced nips.
$100 bro it's a silicon valley tech company bro
> You should be able to cover it.

You gotta be careful, the call expires when the bread gets too soggy. Much better to go uncovered.
That just means bigger stimulus, printers gotta keep printing
bareback
500,000 battery swaps for Nio and that was in June, imagine what it's like now🤤 
The gogoro vending machine style swap stations look really good, definitely an innovation that Nio could latch on to.
I already did, I sold Jan 600s and December 530s for around 3k profit.  Don't feel like squeezing every dime out of it in this environment.
Show your positions, retard. If you’re sure about your assessment, go all in with puts.
tx
Pff typical merican
Cause the country is about to shut down again and businesses and schools love it
Save the whales. Kill chinese commie-NIO stonk. Buy puts!
Things only go up
It feels so good playing a stock that doesn’t care if the market tanks like PLTR lmfao. Way less anxiety.
3x sqqq : 1x Tqqq
Bruh what the fuck. Take out 30% for coke and aderal and put the rest all in on Tesla puts
Since no one is saying anything, I'd say look at calls on AMD
Thanks! Im actually gonna make this 😃
I think prob will wait till EOD Tuesday to let it run up as much as possible and then open some call credit spreads. Whatever can get me at least 10% ROI (for example at the current prices it would be 60/61 which is 39% OTM). IV crush will help. You can roll the spread if they moon but regardless just play a small amount of your portfolio (as always). Trade small trade often
Get in NIU 3 weeks ago. So far so good. I see a bright future for this company
Yeah, but some people don't want to trip balls all the time. Microdosing? I could sesh it.
VIX don’t fuck me over, just once, please
if you want to see how crazy the financial crisis of 2008 is watch inside job. you wont be dissapointed i swear.

 im watching it for the first time right now and i swear some of this shit is so hysterically autistic and corrupt that i am laughing. sigh maybe im just a nerd
The “debt” is essentially just treasury bonds held by banks and other countries. We sell them our debt with a promise to pay it back in full plus interest (yield). If we were to suddenly buy back all of our Treasury bonds, then all the countries holding them would suddenly have billions and trillions of dollars. So in theory the sudden increase in dollar supply would cause inflation, but the money to buy back these Tbonds would have to come from somewhere. The amount that we would have to print to buy back all that debt would crash the dollar. Assuming we don’t print money to buy back the debt, then there would be no change in the total dollar supply. Although now with all these countries flush with US currency, the demand for the dollar would decrease and the dollar would crash as well. 

So she’s right in that point. We could pay off a good amount of our debt without causing too much problems with the dollar, but to erase our debt would reduce its strength.
would be insane if it doubled like that
so is this a perma or...?
noo dont do that ... J. Powell has a printer and people are expecting bailouts.

Inverse this guy
This coming week will be so red I can smell it. Folks got bull trapped this week.
I think I'd the media showed the body bags they would take it seriously
I think you mean *describe* and I dont actually

If youre going to call someone an idiot, make some fucking sense you retard
Worked out, cleaned the pool, and blew the leaves over the fence to my neighbors, because I don't have 1 fucking tree in my backyard and I'm an asshole.    
I earned this Whataburger on this beautiful 81 degree Fall Saturday.   


# SPY $369

#
Vs the printer
You WERE up 25%. Lol
Damn people in here talking like its March but its gonna be more like an August that never ends. 😤

No such thing as liquidity crunch in December.
Because it’s going parabolic next week
Only if they get it themselves. They wouldnt care if it was 1million a day
she doesn’t understand options
Uh, pretty sure RH has let me do that. As you have capital for collateral.
When US population is down to 100k
[deleted]
If you're holding puts yes, otherwise no
I bought 20 $365c and 20 $345p for SPY on Monday. Can't lose money here.
let the fucking bulls out!
Down for the year but up 100% in the last 30days.
The difference is the market seemingly doesn’t care about Covid, so we still rolling in it baby
This is the most retarded thing I've ever read. Put me down for 500 skins
And you might be able to bump the price up when you get good at it. Stay strong brother.
Mango really be spreading covid with that MAGA shit. Buy SPY PUTS
[deleted]
There's nothing wrong with a little gambling addiction. At least you aren't addicted to meth or alcohol. You're among friends
$MU
sursprised you didnt die from a heart attack
hahahahah
3 Large DMT hits held in as long as you can > Microdosing. Now you breaking the speed of sound.
Mods... please... paper trade competition
Probably one the reasons why they be Valleting
And completely different
Anyone playing NVDA earnings?
I've bought a bunch of boxes in 2015 that went from around 5 cents to over 60 each
[deleted]
For me, I get around $800/month. Pretty solid. After I get assigned, I should be around $1600/month. Though, I’m on $TNA and that’s risky.
[deleted]
- hard asset  
- lower risk, price generally goes up  
- fills a basic need
Thanks for the reassurance, I really do hope it goes up and this time I think I will be ready
“It’s just the flu”
I hope so I bought 11/20 420’s @ open expecting them to spite everyone calling it a boomer stock and I’m down 20%🤡
Yeah 0:0 lol
Need to stop running my mouth at work when the calls print :/ get wayyyy too excited and people start talking
I almost forgot about that! I really wish there had been more reporting on the fallout of that. 😂
How are you fucks still talking about NIO
You’re literally stupid. Europe is on lockdown. US has no stim, cases going up like crazy, and political drama. Good luck with your thesis buddy.
This the loss porn we've been waiting for
Green because reality is too scary, so ignore it and pretend everything is A-Okay.
Agreed on the kudos for a proper answer and great discussion.
Whoever that is has two first names, can’t trust him her it
For real thooo.. TSLA gonna run up good with this GM and NKLA bs
If they have different battery tech/suppliers. Guess they shouldn't have teamed up with NKLA...
But slower.
How many deaths do you think we need to have before even the anti-maskers start freaking out? 100k deaths per day?
[deleted]
[removed]
Just send it
Great discussion on the topic.
my life is pretty great on the whole. i have a shitty job, but i'm working hard to change that. how's your life going my man?
I have 19 shares of NIO at $45.28 a share

Do I sell before earnings or hold on???
I fought the Fed, and the, Fed won.
RETARDED
Get ready for everyone giving you conflicting advice about NIO
[deleted]
So far, TSLA always runs back to 420.  History is the best predictor of the future.
1:1
Usually eod
[deleted]
LOL yea probably not too intriguing for the majority of people here. But maybe one day my opening line will be this is definitely the worst loss in the world
I got Citron'd while holding CRON and GBTC.
Don’t worry boys there were some bears in here earlier but I drew some anti-bear circles around this thread so they’re gone now
I feel like this is a March 2.0
Are you willing to sell naked calls?
God damn right
LULU must have spent at least 200 mill in ads trying to shill this fucking mirror
I wouldn’t recommend
[deleted]
people will want to get in before a stellar earnings report
Diamond hands paid off least u didnt sell low like some autistic fucks in this community well done...
🐋
Lol spacex catalysts won’t move Tesla
I have seen it from most sources to be after close..
Dam the volume is off the charts so is that IV too.
Short it I double dog dare you
Just sell when it pops. You'll be ok.
Because you build equity in a house with someone else's money and you're making a profit on top of that, not to mention the appreciation of the house. Assuming of course that it's not some shitty shack in bumfuck nowhere that you rent to some yuppies who pay you in monopoly money.
Finally got my IBKR approved. Give me some plays for next week boys
AH
This should be flaired “meme” for thinking 70 by Tuesday
Ironic that AMC and AMCX have similar debt.

Maybe they should just merge. AMC could use that cash to weather out the remaining months. Both are betting on long term inflation.
GLOG is the sound I make when I'm swallowing semen.
[deleted]
My Dark Pearl went up by a lot as well. More people in the game than ever, only reasonable to expect price increases for older items.
300
STONKS!📈
Might pick one of these up Monday. I'm holding a Jan 22 10c leap I picked up when it was 10/share. Breakeven is 13.5 or so. Whoever wrote these has to be hating life now. My only regret is not buying 9 more.
We dont know how technology works, all we care about is making fucking money
This and probably lazy too lol
This post fed my anxiety even more
Bible Belt United States
“This isn’t the worst loss in the world” 🤣😂😂🤣 I’m out
Nah Bible Belt lol
Drugs (I maintain it was worth it. I’m not attractive anymore and I’m still broke but 🤷🏻‍♂️).
cruises to short? they all seem overpriced
I mean you don’t explain the girl you’re fucking? Fucking idiot
I thought this was WSB? If you ain't doing 0 day spy calls, you're doing it wrong!
CRSR
Ingredients : cherry tomatoes if not regular tomato it’s ok as long as you add a small spoon of sugar in the pan. 
Slice the tomatoes in small pieces and put them in the cooking pan. Now add some water and keep the flame low. To create that juicy sauce use a fork to break the tomatoes. And as the sauce is almost ready add some 🍅 that are whole in order to create that Italian looking sauce. Add some olive oil to your pasta and that all. Enjoy 😉
what strike?
They do that so a guy like you could save them
Coincidentally time to put my Dick in it?
PLTR 15c
Cuz they’re dumb af
[deleted]
This.
Is NIO ER pre or post on Tuesday? I’m seeing conflicting information.
I have a bayonet that I bought in 2014 that has tripled in value
Open the market
Fibs are shit, market moves with Brownian motion. EM’s say in between $240 and $270 and volume profile shows we got no volume in the next $30. This shit is gonna fly
Weren’t you bummed when delta popped?
calls on chapstick
Wrong. Free the day after, when they throw them out in the trash.
How do attractive people end up working at minimum wage jobs?
[deleted]
Just like nio
Listen to this man. That Mercedes will suck your money to $0 as each part fails and you find out it costs the value of the car to address each issue. 

When you purchase bmw or Mercedes, save $10,000 on the side for "normal wear and tear".
You don't want to be in Ginn. What you need is yinn/yang
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Give her the big sticky
I am up 25% on Nio after Friday, should I sell at open on Monday????
Listen bro, I was you and I was on that hype train. I made my money and left. I’m sorry your stuck holding a bag. You have to know when to cut losses. Try to recover some of your losses on the run up to earnings and if you want hold through earnings but who knows how that’ll go. What’s your expiration?
These are my doubts.
Lmao
This. I’m walking away from gambling and just gonna become an investor
After this doesn't work, he'll try spinning
Proof? The price of cases has increased tenfold over the last few years. My inventory went up 20% from beginning of the year. Depends on the skins.
https://youtu.be/dgF21S7FyB8
I actually miss riding public transit
Mostly delta but also SNE
[deleted]
While increasing their position on the dip they created.  It’s a big brain move.
Timeframe?
What's the IV crush gonna be like if you hold through earnings?
370
Dude you are so young. You have a job and a bright future.
Dont' be down on yourself.
Regroup, surround yourself with great people and get back in the horse.
Everyone makes mistakes at some point. You just need to learn from mistakes and onward.
GRANDMA'S TITS ARE AT THE GROUND, CAN'T GO TITS UP LONG PLTR
That was a good movie
Yes.
BRK. 
But then I lost it all when I came here.
South like Guatamala south
What we thinking we open Monday at? 330? 275?
How original
190k cases
[deleted]
Good job bro. What r u wheeling? I didn’t say you can’t make money like that but it involves more risk then renting lol
Didn't aecom get bought out?
Get a car they make a million bajillion of...don’t get taken at the mechanic
[deleted]
Wait WSB is offering retirement plans now?

What about dental coverage?

I need to talk to my union rep (mods are ghey)
Not with that attitude.
Yo I just had a flash!! You read my DD on the movie theater industry right?!?
$AMC (the movie theater company which has nothing to do with $AMCN) is most probably still going bankrupt.

It’s seems like a stupid idea but is it remotely possible that some autists are shorting $AMCN by mistaking it with $AMC?!?!?
I mean both companies are in sort of the same entertainment/media business.
Goo goo gaga
Cash gang knows no boundaries, you can buy shares for the price of a contract
flaccid
Bye tight pussy
$750? On which stocks?
Haha same. At the risk of sounding old: those were some good Ole days! Blink 182 on the soundtrack!
That's because you finance your rentals dummy and tie up very little if any of your cash.
Another red day!  Oh boy!  And US markets have not priced in coronavirus compared to rest of world.

The fund managers were really hoping for that bounce.  Must be sweating bullets now
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f9au7j/tqqguh/fiqldzs/)*
[deleted]
They’re positive it’s gonna tank?
12 dollars do be 12 dollars do
Given the overwhelming optimism on this sub, I am 100% sure it will go down
you guys wanna know how to play nio? watch there is gonna be a gap up monday morning, shits gonna open at 47 or 50 or something wild, perfect, those call prices gonna go through the roof, go open up sum 60 or 65 + call credit spreads, iv crush = tendies
NIU is the next NIO.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How much do you use to make 1200 selling calls ?
Even Marty wears it in the future I mean Calvin
The 40 year old virgin is the 55 year old virgin now
$30 fair value for PLTR?
I believe the tag on this post is incorrect 

It should be “meme”
Cheap mattress, puts on the back again
Hhahahahaha for fuck sake, how retarded can you be🤣🤣
[deleted]
Why do you have a babysitter, are you 9?
>model y or model 3 for low $40k price range while a nio es6 is $54k. Tesla is outselling them in China

Those aren't the comparable models. The equivalent tesla is more than the nio. Plus No one us buying the 40k tesla model.
I was scrolling by and had to stop and scroll back because the word “meta-autism” caught my eye
Thank you
Is there a way to buy a ratio of SQQQ and TQQQ and remain perfectly balanced.
Couple hundred out of 5000 :)
I know, just feels like they're every other month by how much they had been posted here last 6 months
Covered calls are not free money lol you miss out if the stock pop and you lose a lot if it tank lol
Tomato sauce recipe or ban
[deleted]
why could i find out about this before? i’ve been doing what everyone said, but high and sell low, and haven’t found shit.
Banks will give you massive loans to buy a house, just rent out some more
This is solid DD
Thank you for such kind words
Airbnb it bro
Buy what about yolos?
agreed . i sold all my calls friday morn. even at $41 the $50 11/20 calls were like $2... i think wait till tues morn/ monday night to grab some calls for er
[deleted]
How the hell did you recover from your lowest?
Bruh her tig ol biddies look cross eyed wtf
[deleted]
No I think these signs point to baba not ba, hence the Alibaba part as well
Selling options > renting

come on man
[deleted]
there is general agreement it will go up.   


some twitter analysts say $60-$65

but i not surprised if $70 by monday.
Pretty safe investment tho, and interest rates are insanely low.
TSLA is going to trade around $420 forever you idiot.   It’s a damped oscillation.
lol
Red monday? People care about covid again instead of the fed?
They have head bolt problems and transmission problems. The radiator leaks coolant into the trans cooler and ruins the transmission. Close to a 10k repair. Ask me how I know. A Benz out of warranty isn’t cheap to own. $600 starter, $300 battery etc.
I wonder if Donnie knows the device he tweets with has components that were made in China.
[deleted]
dumb looking boobs
I think one of the reasons I would be wary of AMC is the first sentence of your post:

You may know them from Breaking Bad, The Walking Dead, Mad Men. 

While they may be currently profitable, I do not know them from any popular content they have made recently. 

It's hard to get excited about buying a media company on the assumption that they can repeat the kind of success they were having years ago, despite not seeing any evidence of that.
Lotta salt in here.  Do whatever you want, I’ve done my homework and it’s a long term hold for me.

RemindMe!  1 year
maybe they hooked up their automated trading system to their heart rate monitor by accident.
This is actually a gifv because OP is retarded in some way.
[deleted]
Thanks Brough
I did when I didn't know what I was doing and didn't realize you could close your position by selling the same option, 10/10 im an autistic fuckhead, would not recommend being me.
XPEL
Also edit, NIO sold over 5k last month
Pure Alpha is down 18% YTD or summich.   Dalio has been too busy LARPing as a self-help guru to be paying attention to the stonks.
Anyone holding NLS calls?
You can't double your money with the wheel
70+ or im gay
I like your enthusiastic presentation of nio lol but let’s not forget jd opening day, what’s the lowdown on smile?
not overhyped

u r a dumb

$70 - $75 by Tuesday
I'd say TSLA, NIO, and XPENG are solid. The rest are meh, not worth the investment.
Pretty sure the return on just holding spy outperforms most wheel strategies
ZM puts.. or calls if you think the trend reverses. Flip a coin.
NIO is NIO not SPCE.. I think NIO becomes profitable in next 1-2 years 👍
They need to fucking update the ACH network. No reason for it to take 2 to 3 days for a bill to draft from my account.
425 11/20’s
Are you coming to the island next Saturday for the ritual? We’ll have hotdogs and pizza
I wish you luck man! Short term spy puts risky business! But if you win, there's no fucking questions about it! Good luck!
That seems highly optimistic with only $10k
I mean, a lot of those people aren't native to the area and came during or after college. Even for those who have families close by, it really depends on your personal situation. If you're making $150k, have lived independently for a while, and/or don't get along with your family, the added cost might be worth it.

You're right that financially it makes perfect sense to minimize your expenses as much as possible, but we all make objectively bad decisions for subjectively good reasons.
Not here... too small. Only CMPS is really appropriate with a billion dollar market cap.
big pump
[deleted]
Not as bad as my retarded ass with my 5.5 dollar amc call.
My first option and I have learned valuable lessons in retardedness
I hear you. I have lost lots on 3x. Now I use a 3% stop loss no exceptions.
You da man.
I always play the run up and sell before preniums tend to jump day of I love it
But is SRAC bullish on you
Tons and tons of fatties turned out for "muh freedom!" then got McDonald's on the way home.
*that awkward moment when you’re on public transit but you don’t know if the woman who got on is fat or pregnant so you don’t get up*
My babysitter told me that we’re in debt so that the dollar remains strong. If there was no debt and we had all this money circulating it would create a surplus meaning our dollar would be weaker. Is this true? 

She also said that the pro-life movement is just used to promote human capital. Is my babysitter retarded?
[deleted]
nah
$MMEDF
Damn
Chicago expected to go back into lock down in the next 2 weeks.  Once these start to happen again, I’d think ZM would start to jump.
Let us play brother.
ah, damn, you beat me to it by 4 hours. That's what I get for not browsing by new
$750 on average
cocaine
3 body problem is a fun sci fi series. Really gets you contemplating a lot of stuff, not just a page turner
[removed]
Why do you think there's homeless people? More money for tendies
If you keep doubling 100 dollars every week you’ll be a millionaire by the end of the year ( I totally am the only one using this strategy)
*alriiight*
[deleted]
Be right back, going to get you a cookie 🍪
Nothing is going to happen lol
I rode zm up mid week for big gains and now I'm sitting on a couple puts if a correction maintains, is the market looking past covid??? This week will be telling
[deleted]
the fact SPY isnt on here isnt very cash money wsb
Did you see Beyoncé signed a deal w/ them? That’s all I needed to see baby we going to the moon 🚀
[deleted]
Watching American Pie 1&2 got me feeling old as fuck Jesus Christ almighty
Which expiration you got for TSLA?
Bearish vibes from the MSM. I wonder what Cuomo plans to do as his latest restrictions only seem to be the beginning. We need more good vaccine news.
Im surprised someone actually linked the OG for once instead of the stupid vocaloid version that’s just a loop of like 20 seconds of the actual song lmao
Who the fuck wants to live in a 3rd world shit hole
Me irl
72
Yeah, he could have used all the time trading to do something he really loves and made 200% of this giving a handy.
https://lmgtfy.app/?q=time+and+date+of+nio+earnings+report
Can I buy options on this guy's account? LMAO
Keep using this method until it doesnt work. Those are some good gains with almost no losses.
Lived there
in deadwood they call them "hoople-heads"
You must have got a very good price!
[deleted]
These guys in your story are happier than you haha.
#Diversification
🤣🤣🤣🤣📉📉📉📉📉📉😭😭😭
Bloomberg idiot, go check sources is right. Watch more CNBC sheep
Nope
Being down six figures is THE way to get customer service.

That's when you get a guy to personally handle your account as he tries to unfuck your positions.
Bingo
Just spent a rack for a Sealy Posturepedic mattress. Calls on my back
[removed]
[deleted]
Chick let him titty fuck, by chick he meant chick with a dick. And by titty fuck he meant so fucking fat he had man tits. The reason it didn’t let him hit, is because the cock would be bigger than his own.
What s the app you using?
What kinda fucked up fingers you got?
[deleted]
This is just one of the many parties who benefit every time you execute a trade. But that’s not why you’re losing. 

A much bigger factor for why you’re losing are the algos. Which are written to take certain sized trades at certain price points based on the real time data they buy from your broker so they know exactly where to sell to, to stop you out (as well as another 100,000 yous), and then buy it all back up raising the price and causing you to fomo back in, losing extra
Prob half that to 3550
Hopefully there’s another gap up so I can take profits and go short.
Not a chance.  Lockdowns not enough to pump it that high after vaccine news.
No lol I haven’t been with this person in a looong time. I just stumbled on their IG and saw they’re taking “cutesie” pics of each other lol. Go fuckin figure, amiright
Europe cases going down? Lol man at least check sources.
Vanessa Veracruz 😎 you’re welcome
Better off waiting on northerners to die off because cold climates weaken the immune system
This was the first and only discord I ever joined. 

45% porn, 45% racists saying the N word, and 10% market talk from what I recall. Literally terrible.
So I lurk a lot in this sub and this is the first time I think I’ve ever commented. I just don’t know how a lot of folks get that high that quickly.  I would take the chance with say 20k if I thought I could even have a chance at making 5x that like a ton of folks do here. I don’t know what I’m missing.
I’ve done it imbecile
No new orders is probably priced in since we have been getting news about companies cancelling their orders for awhile now. We will see how it opens on Monday
Actually not a bad idea at all nobody is gonna be out, I would pick northeast.  Aspen might be a great pick as well as all the celebs are either out the country or staying put, prices should be 1/10 of what they were.
No. Just update windows when you see it and your fine, almost any antivirus is worst than windows defender and likely works even worse if both are used.
[removed]
I have some calls for the 20th I’ll probably sell half before closing, and try my luck holding the other half. I’ll probably wait for a 10-20 percent correction after it spikes then with the profits from my previous calls I’ll buy some more calls for January.  My stock Is up 170 percent so I will be holding long term 3-5 years at least.
I just don’t want them to sell my 18$ worth of positions :( those are winners I picked I swear!
Im really dreading buying a house because then i have to take out some tendies😔
No one lets you buy options on margin idiot
Have we not yet learned our lesson about stocks up 20, 30, 40, or in NIO's case 200% into earnings? Even if they beat the stock is going to drill so fucking hard. This is how the big boys  stays rich. They hype it up into earnings, unload their shares,  sell calls leading up to the ER. And then whoopsie! down 10-20%, wiping out hundred of thousands of calls.
Uh wait like 10 years if you're lucky with meme stocks. Theta gang isnt yoloing, it's the slow grind up, the point is trying to get more consistent 1-2% days
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom. The ending gets me every time
How next week looking?
China always wins because they can just make up numbers and it's fine. People are dumb and don't get it. Don't bet against a casino that can choose draw a face card when they need to hit 21.
It will
[deleted]
Thanks 🙏
Everyone Poops
Too many japs
You still have people living there?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yes more I need more stroking out right now yes
Dad is that you
uninstall that shit man, just use common sense
Mine looks the same. Just upside down.
You will be the next horror story we hear about losing six figures, thank you for your sacrafice, you ll be forgotten
So you got it too?
TD usually closes margin calls at 2pm central
What game tho
Signed. Fuck him. I was up 280% and sold for 16%

Can’t wait to see nothing happen
Not sure if the housing market will actually crash. This also depends on the price point. A lot of cheap homes may become foreclosed but wealthier areas will be fine. Also, the historically low interest rates kinda makes it more appealing to buy now.
Unrelatable for WSB: If you're trading spreads instead of YOLOing, exercising your options can become almost standard.  


Relatable for WSB: This usually happens because your position went tits up.  If the other party exercises their options, you have to exercise yours or else you end up with hundreds or thousands of unwanted shares
God damn, what strike? I have them at $20 but I’m in deep as hell on shares
Personally I get it. If you're in the business of trusting (mostly) Americans to exercise, you're probably in a losing battle.
NET must have been here a few weeks ago, come on boys, it's like a meme stock but a good investment long term.
Being rude doesn't make you less of sucker.
Bro its like that everywhere ive been so far, literally everyone acting like its over
Not even a rumour, it has all turned to gold
It's cute that you think you've learned something
that is like an entire years savings for some ppl making 50k a annually.
Just wait and see
Trump doesn’t matter anymore.
NIO to the Sun!! High crash and burn haha
There's actually something to this. The perception that there will be a crash can prevent that very crash.
[deleted]
I got 3 shares at 52.
[deleted]
[deleted]
True story
I wouldn’t man. You’re headed for a world of costly repairs if and when they arise.
Perfectly balanced as it should be
I exclusively ride horseback
Ride really don’t get a lot of love I don’t know why lol
Sandwiching is super inefficient, because you're combusting it. In a dab rig, you're vaporizing it, so long as you don't take super hot dabs.
These cucks at TD support can’t figure out why I’m in a margin call and margin desk gone till monday. What time on Monday are they gonna try and sell my shit— do I have time Monday morning to call them before they take action or is it done at open usually?
Don’t rope, money means little when you’re so young. You’ll make it back in a couple of years and still have decades left to make even more. Just get some help for your addiction.
Pencilman let celebrity status get a hold of him, thought he could strut freedom of speech around, moron.
[deleted]
There's a reason every 3rd commercial on Fox News is for catheters
Why keys? Lol
Hoping it’ll be like 50-52 Monday then moon 60+ Tuesday before earnings
A few thousand
[deleted]
Just stop being poor ok bro like wtf man
Lol this is Wsb. 11-20 calls
Remind me of this post in March.
They had zero new orders for October, the same thing will happen for November. Watch them fail the FAA approval next week and die. Even with a vaccine doesn’t mean everyone will be piling into airplanes to travel
quintessential word: Game
If you have parents that live in these areas, I don't get why you wouldn't live with them. That's like $40k tax free extra money to spend if you do that
Yes it does it’s Long Island u cock 

And u a incel anyway
Thats not supposed to happen
PRICED IN BROTHER. THEY WOULD HAVE TO BET ESTIMATES BY OVER 1,000% FOR IT TO GO UP
[removed]
YOLO TIME
South like Mexico south?
I see us returning to 335 area in the next few weeks or so so anyone u choose would print imo lol
Play fds with 20k in margin
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Could go up could go down
Yeey another Nio post! Gotta love the hype. Def going up!😃😃😃
My lotto 368c would love that haha
What site do you use? Or what site do you Recommend to new people
There’s an UBER and LYFT market??🤔
so uhm. ahem. hum. whot or the steps and procedures to buy stwat investing?
CODX, KEYS
Put it in her bum
Any car enthusiasts here? Is it possible to get an older Benz AMG for a $15-17k budget? I found a 2008 E63 with 88k miles
Fine, since you asked nicely I won't let it crash. You owe me one.
No that's like saying exactly what I said.
[removed]
Eat a dick
Yes
Hell yeah, you got shares ?
True but at the same time, who knows if this goes up to 200 by the end of the week and we're currently sitting at cheap prices? Worse comes to worst I can just average down anyways so nbd.
How did you color the line green?
[removed]
Any way OTM daily should handle that
I can help you with the second part
Never part with Blaine’s Charizard.
Went to Costco yesterday it was basically at maximum capacity with no Parking spaces Im from California so I’m not sure what’s it like in other states but it looks like we are getting ready to lock down again
1984
https://www.change.org/p/u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-sec-enforcement-to-investigate-andrew-left-of-citron-research

😂 oh dear that Friday tweet is gonna back fire horribly
How was the turnout on that million MAGA march?

Seems like a good time to buy calls on the companies that manufacture batteries for electric wheelchairs.
Pfizer says it was a mistake, and vaccine effectiveness 91%, not 90, and dow rallies another 5%
What strike would you buy? I can see that turning into 20k but I need a real banger of a play
This
No, not even remotely close. Chinese EV shit is just hype. Crazy runs, sure, but just hype. 

KODK went up over 1000% in after hours trading and crashed by open the next day.
Wow! Now i got a good chub going!
As a bear this is my favorite kind of investment because I get to feel smug regardless
Where do you live in Puerto Rico or something?😂
Buy Otm puts and calls on Nio. Can’t lose.
My wife’s boyfriend wont renew my Disney+ membership, said I wasn’t being respectful to the bartender 😡 all I said was “Hey ive been standing here for a long time trying to get a drink”
What happened to ma boy $MU 😫
Who else but quagmire!
5 months of buying calls
I just hit that low point. I guess its a grind back up now.
Old speckled hen is a very underrated beer
In the south, everything is cheap
Granny finna shame us with boomer style gains by spring while we are losing on FDs
Baba leaps and don’t look back
You play again when you get more money
It is mostly priced but we can still get a pop again
Oof
Hey Siri, call 1 (800) 522-4700
What strike / expiry?
Probably explains why it’s derailing.
How do you get into day trading?
We are all ears for your smart ass to explain how they are NOT comparable?
[deleted]
Demand for planes is rising again with China needing more planes + 737 Max is one of the most efficient commercial planes + Boeing will still continue to make money without commercial planes through gov contracts + international relations will improve with Biden as US president (EU already said they want to negotiate), vaccines in final stages from PFE and Moderna, there are so many things stacked on BA for recovery. Of course vaccine could be a bust and 737 Max might not get recertified but that’d be playing against the current market
[removed]
All in on spy puts
I wish. Please don’t gap up at least
Wait for the dip then

+!🚀🚀🚀
Let’s pray the stock shoots down a little come Monday-Wednesday, soon as thursday hits it’ll be back up. I feel like a lot of people have sold off shares to get in on the action of these small start up companies companies in China that are going crazy. Their senses will kick in, especially with Biden coming into office. 
Cali has a 0 emissions on all vehicles going into effect down the road as well

Depending on how the market reacts to sick little Elon catching Covid, it may go on discount. If it dips below $400 it’s a Buy. 

Watch all of the strong reports of Buy coming in December, never short Tesla.
It's free if it's expiration day
Where do you live that that’s good money? Not trying to patronize anyone I’m not sitting fat but stuff still costs money

I see anyone who makes over 100k without a family is sitting decent 

But 50k with a wife and kids seems like it would get tight
I'm aware of the EV stocks and the different ones. Anything outside of the EV game we should hop onto?
Hahaha you wouldn't last 5 minutes and all you would eat is bagels and donuts.
Nah just kidding but im thinking if a launch is successful it could run the stock to even $35.
Libtards in libtardopolis’
r/dataisbeautiful
About 70% all time
Alright boys, Tesla wiped me out 80% last week. 

Getting desperate for more fds, scheming some real big retard plays in my head. 

Willing to part with 1st edition Blaine’s Charizard. Great condition 2500$
That’s the avg price. Lol duplicate threads...
Fuck you asshole
I say we go again
Got a 9k quarterly bonus. How can I turn this into 90k or 0k?
EPS missed, revenue beat. Idk about 20. Prob grinds into 30s. I think if we get NCAA men's basketball and a lockdown its bullish for online gambling
Wait til Jan 20th, lol
[deleted]
It will go
It is just practicing yoga 😂
This 100% is your DD AFTER it already fell. 

Imagine how many people citron fooled into buying puts EOD.
There’s the rumor that everything Peter Thiel touches turns to gold, so yeah
[deleted]
Oh really, didn’t know, know why?
Supposedly they are categorized as "packaged software."
[deleted]
How the fuck do you lose money on MSFT
I only bought the house because I got it for 2.75% mortgage rate
Uh 50K a year where I live is good ass money and then 74999 is big money
Wow nice thanks for sharing. I wonder if it mimics the Chinese Electric boom the past few days, but Kodak manupulation seems way worse damm...
bolder to assume anyone knows what that means
The Alchemist
Shh why reveal the guy who will take me to the moon
Hear me out, buying green energy is a no lose scenario. If they go up because they start making more money, you'll make money and be alive. If they all fail, you'll be broke but luckily money doesn't matter in the wasteland.
Baba jd are given solar is big meh remember ldk lol not saying Jks is but baba jd ftw in that order
Ya but he wasn't on the earnings call which would have increased the meme level in the stonk
[removed]
Right? Didn’t even make the list. Rip
.....yeah I'm holding my PUTS by the hand, close to a cliff in case I gotta yeet that little shit off
I’m betting on KSS & ROST, let’s see how it goes
Everyone knew KODK was bullshit but we still bought calls and sold them the next day
Blocked
[deleted]
Common sense (and ms defender, gets all the same virus definitions for free)
[deleted]
I never use protection
True
Always gotta hedge with $ROPE
How did you lose shorting JM1A? My shorts were up 250% Monday.
All vaccine is already priced-in but the effective up to 90% isn't. In summer we already know that covid-19 will hit us hard in winter so its already-priced and with a good vaccine from Pfizer then go back to normal will be faster than we thought. Now we need to know effective of the other Vaccine and if its as good as Pfizer or close to it then I think by the end of December Tech stock will become a little less hotter.

I think Tech will still be hot until at at least the end of November.
u/Natsu1707 ves stupendi i commenti
Fat ass > financial stability
Why did you feel the need to point out that she’s Indian? 🧐
Trump train has no brakes.
I wish I had a mortgage to pay
Mhmmm InvestTITI
This was actually last quarter lol. This quarter they conveniently had an EPS of exactly $0.00
[deleted]
😂😂😂
Yet to play, got some errors for trying to download the campaign. Yes the campaign is seperate 😂
What’s impressive is that you were able to save that much from a $60k annual salary.
[deleted]
My mcfee virus protection expired today, is it worth buying again? I don’t feel like I’d get viruses without it- what do you use
Who wouldn’t, but why would anyone do that? What’s in it for them other than risk?
Rope lol
Means you should be jacked to the tits on calls
No SPY? Kinda interesting
Low is the cheaper option for the same play IMO
Yep like the old kilo under the fender of your new DeLorean....no wait.
Because they make less than 75k a year. What’s not to get?
I say give me stock tips old man save your cash, and that’s how I get insider info
Yeah this was the worst week for me since September 3rd with this dumb ass vaccine rotation but I feel like everything will come back up next week. All I have in play right now is NVDA/ZM ATM Dec calls and 500 shares of GME & NIO so I’m semi confident next week shouldn’t hurt as bad
What this cuck said. All in fsr
Blumpkin?
that you know of
ghosting
Is that INR on the y axis?
If you lose all your money chasing fds , what would you do ?
Bold of you to assume most people here have the capital for that.
I'd like to see some marked out screenshots at least to back up claims of massive returns if I'm supposed to belive someone.
Bought on Tuesday because it dropped like 12% due to rotation then sold. Bought again yesterday $30k at $525 kinda wish I bought more. I have limit buys set for $500, $475, and $450. Hope I would be so lucky to get it for those prices. Love NVDA
It's 2020 my dude.  When was the last time bad news wasn't good news?  CALLS
I am he.
I’ve always wanted to microdose (fuck even a real dose of) DMT but haven’t been able to find any around me. LSD works amazing for me though.

TSLA 460 C 11/27 because DMT talk = TSLA to hyperspace
Convince me that the vaccine isn't already priced in after being known for about a week already.
Haha nooooo
So many people here are hyped for a stimmy check

Why y’all playing FDs making less than 75k a year?
Bruh I need Bioshock 4
Good. Sentiment here is bullish. Spy volume was dead yesterday. Fake pump to form the triple top. Nobodies buying in the 350s anymore
Yup happened to me on a ZM put Thursday. Sold when it hit the 420 resistance and then it dipped further on Friday of course. $600 left on the table but ZM is too unpredictable and IV is just too damn high. Same w AMZN.
My dude, they've already released 3Q delivery numbers...they're up 100% yoy.
Jesus man you're convincing me to hold and even buy more. Seems like a great return. Right now my 15 shares are bought at $417 so it sucks to see them red after a few months.
So up bigly?
Balls hanging
Cost of living in NY, and in America in general is really high. You can live like a king with $1 k on some third world country. You can afford maids, driver, even tuition for your little for $1 k or less 🤷‍♂️
How do people’s Robinhood all time say a date? Mine just says all time. Or is this that special feature for only green accounts?
Never buy when the EV stocks are spiking, just wait. So volatile.
Where’s $ROPE??
PLTR CEO is an interesting looking dude
Yea sorry I’m trading in an account where I put the money from my check in the bank then transfer it over to Robinhood just haven’t got a good grip on how taxes work
Because v12 is the f... shit and theres only few of them left with the god if engines
Haha yes, shit is stifling
Ok. So I’m at this Indian girls place in an Ohio college. She has pierced nips and let me tittie fuck her last time we hung out. What’s the play tonight
lol first of all Ma doesn't even work for BABA anymore, and he is a member of the CCP, he'll say that it was a misunderstanding and suck Xi off like everyone else and it'll be fine.
How sure are you, and what puts would you buy?
Cup and handle forming
you sound like a little bitch tbh
Right even the Biden former surgeon gen. Said local lockdowns not national, spy 370.
I was a very good poker player, and I’m not sure what took me so long to get into the market. The market destroys every form of gambling ever invented. It is the greatest game ever!
[deleted]
Bro it still takes up a parking spot??
Maybe half depending on what it’s at
Good
Lol, get the fuck out of here, this is wsb
Well here’s why market won’t drop, even if you just consider futures. Asia won’t bring futures down because Covid is such old news there. Europe has virus cases going down and their stimulus is right around the corner. So no more sell offs at those hours. Then you take US markets that just don’t give a fuck how many minorities or old people die from this virus. SPY 370 Monday
>so here's some of my closed positions  from Monday
🥇
Just bought the new COD Cold War, how do you guys like it?
Too many letters BAN
About KODK? It was immediately apparent as a pump and dump. Shit was like, absolutely ridiculous. No one expected it, barely anyone was in on it, and almost no one tried to follow it. I’m sure some people made bank on puts at the top. I think one dude made a post who just happened to have some calls and got lucky. 

It was one of the most blatant acts of obvious market manipulation I have ever seen. Was like they didn’t even care.
Don’t lie, you don’t go to the gym.
I’m riding spinners, I’m riding spinners
They don’t stop.
Accidentally, then 100 barrels of oil showed up at my office.
Ban
Same reason they’re .lv not .com
Damn they were always, you were just in way
Seen
This is a way.
Very true, better be diversified lol.
Would you shut up man
How could someone have such brilliance, I’ll give you $1000
Big ass companies like amzn and Aapl hardly move due to earning. Don’t bet on those earning option plays.
After following ur calls. MY GURU
Yeah I take my options to the gym with me  to give them that extra little pump
$RIDE
Is TSLA and NIO going to eat into UBER and LYFT market?
I can't handle the no commas in the money
u/Natsu1707
[deleted]
Already irrelevant asf
DUDE i just LOVE the hustle and bustle of the big city, it’s so DYNAMIC and makes me feel like i’m in one of my favourite TV SHOWS. you should totally come on down to my studio apartment, it’s got EXPOSED RED BRICK walls and everything, we can crack open a nice hoppy ipa or three and get crazy watching some cartoons on adult swim! and dude, dude, DUDE, we have GOTTA go down to the barcade- listen here, right, it’s a BAR where us ADULTS who do ADULTING can go DRINK. BUT!!!! it’s also an ARCADE like when we were kids, so we can play awesome VIDEO GAMES, without dumb kids bothering us. speaking of which megan and i have finally decided to tie the knot- literally -we’re both getting snipped tomorrow at the hospital, that way we can save money to spent more on ourselves and our FURBABIES. i’m fuckin JACKED man, i’m gonna SLAM this craft beer and pop open another one!!!
My co-op has gone up nicely in value but on the other side of the coin buying a house is fucking impossible rn. Between me and my girl we make 200K+ a year and its still not enough.
Secretive tech company with notable tech OGs as their founders. I think it’s been mostly scarcity and exclusivity up until this point. Now they’re public though so results will obviously be more impactful from here on out.
I misunderstood. I own 77 shares and a single call option that I hope to sell for bigly gain
I got puts 12/31 and I’m stressed
Not gonna lie it might be fucked. I’ll pray for it cashes
People who make enough and need the strong local job market. You can easily go much lower, but in the end it depends on your income and priorities. Tech and Pharma are big in SF, Boston definitely has strong Pharma and probably other stuff. Plus, at least for tech, you’re talking about huge salaries for people too young to be considering buying a house and without major expenses outside food and housing.
You must get mad tips.
Funny. I experienced the opposite.
I wouldn’t be so confident about this.  If they report + earnings/eps rest assured regardless of citron it will go the way of tsla, it’s best to have a wait and see attitude.  I’d like to remind you of that guy of said that dis puts was a big red barn how can you miss it, and looks what happened.  I told them the samething if dis pulls of ++subs. It will move the other way.  You’ve been warned, Godspeed, brother.
Not nearly enough, and same the oil change price simply makes me wanna puke, gonna get a 63 Amg and call it a day
FSR idiot
laZboy puts it is
Pretty good actually
BABA is on discount right now, only 25 P/E ratio compared to 90 for Amazon
Lol the dating pool sucks? No
Also anyone who can make significant returns has no motive to reveal they exist
Bro the south shore is much cheaper then north
One cannot simply PLTR hype into Mordor
[deleted]
Not everyone knows Citron shorts companies - a lot of new investors and casual daytraders probably had never heard of Citron before the report against NIO came out.
Its gonna be a no from me dawg
Growing up here family is always like “ya gotta be successful to afford live on Long Island!”

Why the flying fuck would I want to stay here. 

It’s gorgeous in the summer, beautiful place, but the winter is dead and the people are trash.
Fuck cvac did like 50% this week without me even noticing😂😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Nervous.  All in on 11/27 puts.  Thinking another weeks further out was the move.  

You?
Probably because of some regulatory shit that it would certainly not be able to abide by. Also, bills losing half their secondary might fuck my parlay
Try massapequa get gang banged
make me pizza retard
If you’re not gonna yolo the whole thing into NIO calls like a true autist, just join theta gang and sell puts/wheel. You could make some pretty good money every month with 20k with fairly low risk
In the infancy of a rollout, marketing leads can seem insincere and/or spooky. From what I've seen (here) the 3-6+ automakers are queued up and may share resources. 

Maybe sales/analytics needs a lowball consumer sentiment to target. With projections so difficult in an international market, it makes sense.

The inferno is in a dormant weekend of recollection, esp. right after LI's spike. Value maintained in hype is a dipstick to dissipate in proof. Foamy FOMO.

Not to go on, but eScooters were huge a year ago, and now oil is in a tailspin, and in 30 years there will be flying cars. It's touch and go.
[deleted]
Only if the falcons are playing 😂
Good reasoning, I will definitely try to keep a close eye on the pre market thanks for the insight my man. I also got some in xpeng so I hope I can make some from that if all goes to shit lol
Get a job you jerk off
Old news.
MU*
Literally trying to talk myself out of dropping 5k on calls. I’ve been to HD twice a week minimum for the last 2 months straight.
when i meditate half my thoughts are about what options i should buy next
This. I mean look who’s on top in financial sense, Zuck the cuck, Elon, gates. Also Mnuchin is obviously a nerd
Ate shit back in February/March learning options. Took a break for the summer, saved up some money and I was able to shore up a $7000 loss. I swing traded FCEL, APPL, and PFE options recently got me back in the green.
I’m really not sure
Our resort is nearly booked out the whole season
SDC BABYYYY
Hahahah “ chains of governance “
STONKS??
Around the same time I finally get a ps5 so...no.
Nassau old westy
So what exactly is the hype for PLTR? Just curious.
That’ll happen on hose big jobs
1% gotta have fun somewhere in the US
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing! Didn't think it was THAT Kodak, but wow this is a textbook definition of P&D.

If I may ask, how was this subs sentiment back then? Bull/Bear? Being a top buying shareholder gotta suck more than playing the wrong options man...
In GME we trust
Don’t you have to Sandwhich the DMT carefully?
Nassau or Suffolk??
Schools update: Nyc union told its members expect to stay home Monday
You being serious? Or you one of those Q retards.
How much did you make? I could afford a lambo rn but couldn’t pay for the maintenance 🤡
Do you wait until the game is halfway done and then bet against the winner? That feels like how a shorter would bet sports
It’s so good! better grip too and the screen is apparently unbreakable!
Good to know thanks
Did the same thing brother seems to work most of the time
Spy bears how we feeling
I got 700 and a dream
Grandpa should focus on short term gains, weekly.
Nope. It's Half Life 3 all over.
I dont remember posting this
HD been bumping since March, I say pull the trig
Ha pretty sure my ex is fucking my ex best friend. I hope they give each other the clap 👏🏼
Looks like very very hurt lol 😂
Ruthless fucker checking in. HS dropout on to GED and shitty associates to making $110k at fortune 100. 

Retired at 35 because fuck the chains and governance.
Flip a coin
Can’t remember was just browsing
I want off this autistic roller coaster
Shut up and open an IRA you turd 🙂
[deleted]
I’ve already spent the money I think I’m making on NIO next week. This group has changed me. Also bought some $ROPE just in case.
Msci China etf or some shit like that

Can do leaps to max leverage
Are you ignorant or just racist or just communist? There are multiple states
Are you still holding theses calls? 😱
Sir this is a Wendy's
Probably making more content, like twice a week or more
Very consistent. Nice.
Fuck you’re makin me wanna pull the trigger on one, that bigass screen uuunnhhhhh
Next big thing. I tell you.
Will my zm 11/27 $465 calls print? I was a bit more confident buying them with lockdown news, but what if this is the correction we always knew was coming given that p/e?
Wait...I'm supposed to have a plan and be on WSB?!
On Ròbínhóod for Autisimós
[deleted]
I sold my vxx calls. Should I be scared
This is the way
People who make six figures
IV for calls are insane in the other hand Put are “okay”
Given the outlook these days, that might be the more sensible option.
Finally decided to try out AMZN options on Friday. Bought an 11/20 3105c for 54.00, held it through -$400 and then sold it for 55.00 (+$100 🥳). If I would have just held until end of day it would have been +$1,625 now 😭
NY in general is overpriced and sucks. Lots of degenerates there
The taxes are fucken crazy 

For living in boring shit.

Even the dating pool sucks there it’s all lonly and garbage so depressing
**NIO IS GOING TO DRILL SO HARD AFTER THE ER, THEY MIGHT MAKE IT TO AMERICA. THIS IS SO OVERPRICED IN THAT IT WILL TRIGGER ONE OF THE GREATEST LONG SQUEEZES WE HAVE SEEN IN THE HISTORY OF THE US STOCK EXCHANGE**
Even better. My nipples are hard just thinking about it

Also why I said “not the 3%” crap
cat: V I B I N
[deleted]
No, I scaled out.
I am invested in some index funds... but they are all like junk bond funds full of distressed corporate debt or 3x levered oil ETFs
Cool I’ll load puts for when it comes crashing down again because it’s a trash company that kills people
Nahh I just have colorblind settings turned on because my left eye is broken
[deleted]
So, where do you trade?
The journey isn't over until the account is negative boss
If NIO beats big does that mean XPENG and LI go up with it?

Saying this as a 200 share LI bagholder!!!!
Sir drop the glue right now
2k gains? I’m not interested in any gains less than 6k
[deleted]
🤮🤮🤮 u traitor spy$ will make pay when it finishes at 400$ EOY AND u had no postion.
This is just bear in a dress and a wig, it’s obvious
Wow this is really a good example of a P&D. If I may ask, was the sub as hyped on this stock back in May and June and what were their sentiments?
Robinhood isn't compatible with 5G
Is cyberpunk ever going to release?
500 into 5k is impressive, and that’s my point.

I don’t care if you trade with 10k and brag about 500 bucks.

I wanna honor those that turned 500 into 5k
ALL ABOARD
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-16 22:28:10 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-16%2022:28:10%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju9dqc/the_market_giveth_200_weekly_gains_20k/gcapxyg/?context=3)

[**4 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju9dqc%2Fthe_market_giveth_200_weekly_gains_20k%2Fgcapxyg%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-16%2022%3A28%3A10%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju9dqc)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Lol was on the discord for 2 mins before @Gentle Rhino attacked me with racism. Interesting idea, but I’ll stay on Reddit where I can still report ppl lmao.
Serves you right for betting against a Becky stock... during a work from home pandemic.  God I know you're autistic, but you may also actually be retarded
Never thought they gave a shit, just want some extra money for more tendies
Moderna vaccine news morning premarket will really have you nut
[deleted]
Where did you find calls that expire on a Thursday!?
Biggest accomplishment of my life is not having any children.
EEM
Lived there for a little, hated it
Limp dick pattern
The key, I think, is being willing to take losses, locking in gains, and having a long term mindset. You don't need to make 100k overnight. You need to be happy with a few % a day.  Or even a fraction of a percent a day. 1% every day is 12x your money in a year. 3% daily is 1660x. Lots of spy option contracts move WAY more than that literally every day.
Bro drop the @
Sell the kids!
remindme! 2 days
More regulations still has my puts prenut
gotchya. not sure how baba will play out in mid term. nvidia probably not a bad idea, leaps are pricey though and vaccine might affect it in short term
How does bovada not have an app?
Unpopular opinion, but I’m much less impressed when someone turns $500k to $700k than if they turn $500 to $2k
It's all NSYNC
I’m pretty sure this made using facebooks prophet algorithm, it’s a free python package
I've bought shares and now thinking the same. Maybe the 50% gain I've had with nio in the last few weeks has given me an unrealistic view of what I should expect in stock returns %
They do though. Plenty of balance sheets online showing so
It just is
He’s not, he’ll mandate masks and such down bars and gyms. Lockdowns are a thing of the past, they are proven to not work
KODK is probably the best example of this in recent memory. 

*Tons* of biotech pump and dumps earlier this year too.
This is the retarded shit I love about this place
Wtf. Who pays that for rent?
Brah, Long Island is ridiculously expensive and full of cocks
by March of 2021 
If your lucky 🍀
NIO was supposed to have me buying a benz, not browsing for lambos
A 230 bagger and ur back in business
But then you fall into day trading with too much of your income.
Damm Tilray back then was more extreme than I thought.
yolo’s and grandma are perfect fit, 
Tell granny get panties out her ass and grow a pair
Wait actually I was wrong, it’s Danish Elon..
Buy both calls and puts for earnings so you can lose money twice as fast

1) go to wsb 2) by NIO calls 3)????? 4) profit
[deleted]
The most reasoned answer so far. I tend to agree.
No shit why u think I’m here with u on a Saturday while on coke researching  stocks ?

I’m here with u 

Not out with woman or friends 

Here with u
Never, puts on you for thinking politicians give a shit about you
if I die young, bury me in satin
PLAY could print, BABA idk man, people are worried Jack Ma is literally going to become a political prisoner/get disappeared lmao
Just but NIO calls to pay for the daycare
[deleted]
They need an age limit for trading options, christ
**NIO puts are 100% the play next week folks. This shit is so priced in its not even funny....there is going to be a lot of broke highschool homosexuals holding 11/19 $50-60 calls**
NIO
I never play earnings.

That being said how about some Home Depot calls? HD

I contract and let’s just say I’ve never seen HD or Lowes so continuously packed in my city. Thoughts?
15c 2/19 holding 100+ shares aswell
Might as well burn it in dumpster fires, put on some sick ray bans and dance in the flames.
I have a 4,400 mortgage and pay over 20k in taxes NY, long island
Governor inslee really has my puts pre-cumming if he’s going to take the lead in lockdowns again
[deleted]
[deleted]
Guys can we start a petition that people can’t post there $500 dollar gains or losses? I don’t want to see that.

You bought in the money and sold even more in the money and made $200 dollars??
Cool story👏🏻👏🏻WE GET IT


I wanna see the 2k gains, stuff that really gets my dick erect not this soft core “I didn’t lose money and made 3%” crap
Well not me I was alpha which gave me confidence to do coke and aggression. To fuck over all my competition ruthless ceo style 

But yes a lot of those nerds are now doing well in life 

As they get good jobs 

Which makes em providers and make WOMANS pussy wet
You're acting like the U.S. isn't 26 trillion+ in debt.
Packing up my apartment as we speak....
Not this year but next hopefully. Real estate prices are unreal but it’s also because a lot of places have the inability to evict people right now. Once that happens, as sad as it might be, a lot more houses will come on the market.
Damn. Did you use a stop loss?
GNUS
Here you are applying logic to the stock market 🤡
Link?
I pay 4,400 mortgage a month and I have taxes over 20k in NY
When is this 2nd stimulus check gonna smack my bank account
Don't worry about it
See this is what I’m talking about when I say PERMABULL 😂 what am I gonna pay for sir my one single put on NIO that cost 350$?
Man, my wife and I pay like 2k a month for daycare on top of mortgage, insurance, misc bills and that's on the low side for living in NY.

I daydream about all the dumb YOLOS I could do with that cash if these two little maniacs would just live with the bobcat family near the lake by us.
[deleted]
Trevor Milton the type of guy to set fire to GM vehicle batteries just to get even.
💡💡💡
Weird flex but, ok
Literally never, too many people come and leave the USA. Which causes it to spike over and over. Also their curve isn't flattening, many countries just ran out of money and stopped testing.
PLTR 15c 5/21

This defense contractor stock is literally going to the moon, when their algo starts reading facial data off the ISS cams
Look at Chinese vaccine, they def had bad side effects so people are asking for results while China stays shhhhh. Moderna is here to pump the market even more
I think you're using a really  loose understanding of the phrase "making an informed decision". But I hear you.
Puts. Fuck NIO
You're going to get laid off fairly soon so I'd say puts would be wiser.
You sound more of a loser. And your nickname confirms it.
Stop crying open pornhub rub one out works everytime
Fossil fuels makes up roughly the same % of GDP in the U.S. as it does in Canada for the record.
I've been waiting for 2 years 🥴
“Select GameStop stores” ....so is that like only 1 of the 2 remaining stores?
Long Island prob also
!RemindMe in 2 days
I think it all depends on what happens in premarket. If it rally’s crazy in premarket, it could be a repeat of Friday. If we see red in premarket, I think we will continue to see red for the day. If it has a slow grow in premarket, very little movement, it could rocket up till pre earnings dump. What I’m personally doing is buying 100 shares at market open with a 3% trialing stop loss. If it goes up, great. If it goes down, I won’t lose too much, and the gains from xpeng on Friday will cover it.
Boston area and SF Bay Area can both approach those numbers. For 1b/1ba
Jd, baba,jks.
Chinese stonks are always a little risky though
Stop buying puts at the bottom and calls at the top. It's called FOMO, fool.
Watch BA get pumped above 200 for some other vaccine news or recertification news over the weekend. Loaded some BA 205c for 11/20 🚀🚀🚀
I’m gonna make better trades with my new iPhone 12 Max 🤑
Wait until you realize that most of the "nerds" you went to school with are way more successful than you. The real world cares about intelligence, not how cool you are.
Does Burry even own GME anymore?
Love the JETS pos. , my favorite etf by far
NVDA for sure will run up this week. Maybe even back to 580.
Stop lose is for pussies
Ahhh then yea you are right. Puts will be cheap and they make a shit ton more money as VIX goes up
ASHR and FXI
JD
Yea, I'd say just keep tabs on vaccine news. Any major price movement in the next six weeks will probably be due to good/bad news about the virus.
Some therapy maybe
babajdniobaidu
NIO better moon or Im in debt
How
Puts or calls on my ass?
JKS, NIO
Makes sense, thats about how long I had in trying to be a good poker player and that was relatively low stakes. You read the books play the strategy and lose hard and realize there is still quite a bit of just gambling.
Should anyone have the means, I suggest anywhere from a 1:10 to 1:2 ratio DMT:THC in a small dab hit. It's fantastic. You lose all sense of time and go galaxy brain (little to no visuals), while remaining totally aware and coherent. It feels like waking up from a refreshing nap in the middle of the day, and I cannot recommend it enough.

Microdosing DMT is underrated.
Uhhh that’s like every time they predict a hurricane, it’s called putting people in a panic to promote mindless spending. If you can’t see that you’re dumb. Suppliers aren’t caught off guard anymore like they were the first time, they won’t run out of shit like tissues or chicken tenders. It’s profit season
Tilray in September of 2018. Rode the wave perfectly
I'm thinking sell 50c or 55c but I'm wary, it could very easily have a +20% day if earnings are good
What positions did you lose $ on this year?
First to 50 then to 10 then slow rise
Sad shit man.  your 34 and living with your parents 

BUT!! It’s not really your fault bro 

A masters degree can only get u a 40k a year job like the system fucks u so hard 

Unless your a ruthless fucker
I’d hold onto it. At least don’t sell until next earnings report, the stocks on discount  and will probably sky rocket to $550 since their future earnings are going to look Disgusting.
It wont turn into pro mode. It's upsies or downsies bro bro
I went all in at 52 lmao, but I know that Nio isn't just some meme stock, I've done about 2 weeks of research on this company and its founders and I'm very bullish. Definitely will be a $100+ stock sooner or later
lol yeah. UAVS, U0NE, U0NEK, PRTY, GLOP, BHR, handful of random other ones I can’t remember earlier this year. 

They were happening like every other day March to June
FYI, nearly all SPACs get this same blanket investigation for fiduciary duty.

I commented on it once, when I first saw it. I thought I found a huge piece of news. Turns out it's practically routine.
It's deffs over 5 figures at this point. I keep finding and blowing up.
Where can I invest if I believe China will be the  world’s clear leading economy in a couple of decades?
Ouch damm, that $23 to $5 is brutal.

Your idea is not insane. I think many millenials are in the FIRE movement now, coupled with increasing advertisements and MLM promoting passive income etc.
No they don't have tolerance for such  questions. Only big brains like r/wallstreetbets has do.
How do I survive not being able to make shorty stock moves over the weekend? By making shitty fantasy football moves of course! Sigh.
[deleted]
Yeah . They bought it at 26 or might be 10 might be 4$ . Understood when they sold them
[deleted]
How does the boy band bts have a stonk?
How does one make 200k a year with 700k subs? Lol. Maybe like 20k a year
I prefer to think of it as w recovery assuming not another dip
I'm talking about a 401k or IRA rule.  It sounds like you're trading in a straight cash account I just realized, so none of this applies to you.
That’s not me it’s my master 

But I heard he said he don’t trust GYNA 

And was banned by Reddit 

As u can’t say u dislike any country as it’s hate
Oh, it is frightfully clear this is not r/investing
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NUYvbT6vTPs


Original 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7yh9i0PAjck
That is a chump change ,230k here and not losing hope yet
PLTR: that’s my boy blue
So because he’s not an idiot that means he’s some fucking intellectual lol
[deleted]
His YOUTUBE RMI IS 22$ per 1,000 view due to the anime advertisers 

And Japanese Pokémon type shit 

Don’t be mad your not
Doing it ok 

And are stuck here with me on a Saturday
Where tf you paying $3k a mth if not nyc ?
No way they’re only making $200/hr
Futes had my hopes up but shopping today makes me worried about my calls. People are panicked here in Michigan. Hording is in full effect. Schools shutting down, offices going remote. I’m hoping for a few more green days before the market goes back into Pro mode.
Hahahaha this is the correct definition of options trading
[deleted]
Try 1000-1500/he
Make sure to buy lube before the market opens.
Waiting on the old people in warm weather to die off from the Rona and have their kids sell. Currently too many buyers for too few sellers
Because sometimes they were right, and other times they were wrong, SHOP, BYND just to name a few recently... Remind you of anyone else?
Are you able to get into the share holders meeting?
Fuck yeah
Hahaha no way I’ll be a loser invested in gme$
great grain, now YOLO it all into something and become rich
Better than getting vaporized once you reach 30 like in that movie Logans Run.
I might try to do that, I of course as WSB’s kind does lost around $1000 from a call at $54 and $55 that expires on the 20th. Basically trying to convince my self that it will reach that point this week lol
You know when rent starts reaching $3000/month, it makes sense to live with your parents.
Just buy PLTR and CRSR stock and then sell covered calls
That’s not true. They’re releasing results. Could go either way, though market has priced in good news.
Link dawg
Lazy left eye Andrew is lucky that NIO isn't listed on the HK exchange or he would be in big trouble!
Rich people buy them. You buy FDs
I’ve got shares but not expecting any real movement until next year
Speaking of that many Only fans hoes are getting hacked
How can she slap
GME 12.5c 11/20 pray for me
But Trumpy just asked them for one.
Stop
Lmao someone got screwed in the past...
And can't afford a fucking drink cos they been getting burned on puts for the last 6 months.
I don’t have high expectations for earnings.  I’m still a fan of term, but I got out at 45 and will dip my toe back in when the inevitable pull pack happens.
I was eating lunch my goodness
Good call, FartSpeller
I would concur
Ban
Yeah and then blame an analyst downgrade when you yolo’d into an incredibly overbought stock based on hype alone.

“Fucking rigged market!!!”
PLAY and DENN puts, BABA calls. How fuk am I
$30 2022 leaps I guess.
Hahah thanks man I guess you are right, I am embracing my birth given retardation
Not true 

if u bet stupid 

The trick is to bet on what they consider gold 

Aka only gamble with spy$ top 5 holdings 

The two big to fail fuckers
The batter thing doesn’t sound like a bad idea to me if implemented well. It solves the long charge wait times. Imagine pulling into a batter change station, paying for a full charged batter or whatever the difference is between yours. You take off, and the battery you left is recharged and swap ready once full for the next customer
Just helped a family friend sell in California and move to Utah. They sold and made 400,000 in profit and are just waiting for these inflated prices to go down. Shit is wonky rn
Yes
Thanks for the DD, now I know what to bet my life savings on
🥱
The last time we shutdown shit, we had a $3 trillion stimmy package on top of JPow's $2.5 trillion stimmy. 

We can't lockdown without another stimmy and Moscow Mitch will never pass one. This time they won't pay people $600 a week to stay home unfortunately.
Luck and success are all the same
TSM is the play
Don't feel bad mate. There is a 8yo kid called Ryan who makes like $20 million a year playing toys. Maybe you can stream yourself playing with options, considering hardly any streamer does that now and earn $20M
Oh I was wondering where I seen you [before](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/ju615v/unfortunate_angle/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
Let me ask magic ball...
:🔮 ... “yes”
Wow pltr not even close to euphoria yet. Bullish
that's what I said. Buy puts after the stocks pump again. They just pumped after pfe news and then dipped.
There’s really nothing it can’t do
Dead 💀
He's a smart guy. I would say 70% advice and 30% research. But I don't trust my own research
Real crash doesn't happen until the whole market crashes.
Yikes, and I felt bad about -4k in a month
Lol I assume they do both...Also coke is just a status thing at this point. Cocaine is weak as fuck if you’ve ever taken amphetamines. The best coke is better but no way to justify the price considering how long it lasts.
[deleted]
They buy and sell all the time, multiple times per day. Last few months have been very volatile yet they've managed to navigate the waters just fine.
This is good for NIO (somehow)
Yeah, you're right. What the hell are you doing here?
Working at a ski resort might be the most unproblematic job I’ve ever done, calls on my mental health.
Without knowing your positions, I know you put all of your portfolio into one type of call.
Similar physics principle to nkla trucks
Nothing. It’s the best Travis track.
[deleted]
Hardly ever drink anymore. Spent my 20s drinking a lot.

When you get older and have a family, your priorities change.

Also, feels great not waking up with a hangover.
Downvote this shit, there's no thots, OP lied
Also will be quicker for me when I have to scale into the puts lol
Imagine writing a traditional polka song in Finland in the 1930s and almost 100 years later people across the world think it absolutely slaps.
so my 11/27 is safe,got it
When is the OF IPO?
Yes LK$ 

Saw somebody lose. 200k and there whole life saving on it 

After being super frugal for 8 years and lost it all ... on shares to 

Now that hurts 

If that happen to me I would quit everything and just travel and try to fuck hookers and get high 

No way I’ll continue being a wage slave and watch as my years of youth leave me 

Retire at 65? 

Are u fucken kidding me 

This is the life u want me to accept ?

Yet I’m called insane when I say that
>People in wsb actually have enough money to buy a house.

For 90% of the autists here that's true, but only if you're talking about a house in Somalia.
Barely saw any posts this past week  from the travel sector spike on Monday (primarily airlines) since  everyone was caught up with NIO, so here's some of my closed positions  from Monday for you bulls to get a nice fap this weekend.

Edit: Last frame is DAL $35C, retarded and cut off the top.
You will feel the wrath of NIO Monday.

$60 by EOD

NIO gave everyone money past few weeks, you will pay for this.
I’d invest in onlyfans it’s basically a profitable version of Twitter
That is correct, there is insane growth potential. It's just hard to see how it can grow more when it's currently worth more than many other major automotive makers combined. I have most of my portfolio in tesla with 15 shares. I'm tempted to move into other stocks but the best idea is probably to stay in tesla for the next several years. It just seems like the short term is unfeasible for them. I am excited and hopeful to see where they go in 4 years. 650-700 per share would be amazing and their gigafactories are amazing.
Fake bull and gay bear. guaranteed way to lose money. Always get punished
[removed]
It's already crashing in some places. Price cuts everywhere
[removed]
Don't think they are smart, all that hype..btw source please
Nio didn’t make any money their earnings won’t be shit
Great choice as well.
You was born a retard 
How can you slowly become what you already are 
Welcome
Spy down -1.5% at open Monday
I don't have the discipline to do that. thats why I trade, so I'm always retired lol
It's been trading lower the past couple days. Could see a run up for earnings but vaccine news could quickly drop it. Might see how it looks monday
Trades are where it’s at. I have a white collar gig and my friends in HVAC, electrical and plumbing make more, about 150k. Welding isn’t as lucrative but it’s more fun. I made 80k as a tile setter but it screwed up my back. My friends’ 4-day-a-week trucking route makes 95k starting. On the road a lot but great for autists that like alone tine.
I still listen to 90210 by Travis Scott every day what’s wrong with me 

TGB $1c 2/19/21.
[deleted]
Up 60% to down 44% checking in with 106 contracts
[deleted]
yeah i didn't see it until later but.... i wanna be a big boy and get the real thing
Drop pre market Monday then slow build up to ER then sell off
Protip: you can't be margin called if you don't use any leverage
Anyone holding off buying a house because they’re thinking it will come crashing down this coming year?
I like the western part of Michigan by lake. Winters can be brutal but the rest of the year should be fine.
1 more actual car than NKLA.
Wow adrenochrome really is the best drug imo
They still make those
Covered = secured
In case you are serious, VIX didn’t exist in 1918.
[deleted]
?
 English please. Go to bed, youre high
Are you trying to call Robinhood support?
EUA FDA approval for Pfizer and moderna release coming up I’m crossing my fingers this is probably my most autistic play yet
I think my play for Monday is buy QQQ 2/19/21 $260p and just wait for the drop
Okay so pull it out on the 30th but can I put it all back in on the 1st
🇨🇳
Opportunity cost aren't about plans but about options. Just because he can't think of a good choice doesn't there's not one out there.
Have anyone actually legit experience a pump and dump scheme on a penny stock? Perhaps something like NIO the past 2 days but more extreme?
I have a friend who I knew since high school 

This fucker was a nerd and watch anime all day and weared the same hoodie smelly everyday 


Well now he has a YouTube with 700k subs 

And all he does is cover dragon ball z anime and episodes 

Fucker is making like 200k  a year off it 

The fuck 

What time are we in man 

U can be a loser and find other losers thus making u a winner 

Don’t underestimate how many lonly people there are out there 

Look at the top streams on Reddit fuckers are watching other fuckers doing nothing !!! Hahaha 

Take advantage people 
The world will accept u for u
Will AMD ride off the NVDA hype if it does well 🤔
Dude there's a reason wall street traders take coke instead of adderall. It's much better
On the plus side, at least we have a natural experiment to test if lockdowns work.
I'm not about to write ITM calls if the current price is below my cost. I expect best case scenario this week for premiums will be ~$120.  
You know you're right, it's only been 6 weeks since I bought, I'll probably hold another week or two at least. I need to be patient.
🪔🪔🪔
Straight up got levan polka stuck in my head all day
We’re the GME squad at?

Daaa daaa Michael burry bla blah blah big short blah blah going to make millions bla bla Microsoft bla blah 😕
Subscribe to my premium(;
Kind of alarming you would put 5k based 100% on coworker advice.
Crazy how we're playing a game where the other players are jacked to the tits in cash and can fuck us at any time. We're literally betting that they're on our team
That’s why I’m playing for. Short call, long put.
aaaaaand there goes $100. thanks, justin thomas
Coffee does the trick for most people, but you’re not wrong
Because they don't realize red days always come after this short seller or Hindenburg reports comes out.  I understand Hidneburg since they have more concrete arguments, but Left's argument is 100% speculative.  His speculative plays with short Zoom, Tesla, Shop, Wayfair and PTON were some of the sort plays. His long play in Luckin was a joke.
[deleted]
When citron released their bearish news on PLUG, the price dropped multiple days in a row. I’m hoping to get one more red day from Nio on Monday.
Vertically or horizontally?
Big pharma
Damn, if NIO earnings turn out to be a dud, this sub would be down to 100k members! Thanos clapped and slammed! 🤓🤓🤓
Was up 2000% now only 1030%.

 Riding this bitch till either 10,000% or bust. Fuck the big gme shorts.
Lmao... all these nio boys are coming through down voting... make a bet with me you smug bastards. Worst case is you get banned.
Can I invest in OnlyFans?
It’s not that great...adderall is way better for “functioning” and cheaper. Coke is good for when ur drinking all night.
Last Friday *
No reverse gear Nio 
will close 
  80 Or higher  end of week 
Ain’t nothing like some good Fresh cook China books for a earning report
This motherfucker is crazy
By Easter duh
[deleted]
All the money people gave away on onlyfans can finally be made back
When y’all start wearing masks and have shutdown like they do.
When we take it seriously
Name of the company... walmart...it is a cutting edge, obese and retard filled store, awaiting imminent patent approval on a brand of an elastic band denim jean under the name faded glory, that have both huge military and civilian applications. NOW right now autists the stock trades at 150$ a share and btw autists our analysts  indicate it can go a heck of a lot higher than that!
When you’re such a 🌈🐻 robinhoods turns pink
Cases priced in vaccines aren't god speed I've got 3k in calls as well so hopefully there a giant green vaccine needle
ahahahahhhahahahahahaha

bro they did a real lockdown in most places
Is an executive stock sale scheduled before data release or after?
Ford?! Hahahahahah, you are more retarded than you think you are, let me tell you that.

How the F do you compare these two, come on man
SPY 400 EOY or no?
Unlike most of you, I dont have any financial education/training. I learned how to lose money all by myself.
might play thjs
So? Just work a few years and then retire young
Y I DOWN 3% FOR YEAR
I’ll be honest, I’ve never seen numbers like this before

Nobody thought we’d get to that level of numbers 

Simply tremendous
Janitors get cubicles?
⚡️⚡️☕️🔥🔥
TwO WeEkS!!!!!
A battle of wits.  

https://youtu.be/rMz7JBRbmNo
If it wasn’t good news they’d have no news to tell
🇨🇳
🇨🇳
Hahaha TRIGGERD noobs 

Bitch I’m on the wsb hall of fame 

Your to easy
Priced in this was known on Friday
Europe's virus curve is starting to flatten. 

When will ours?
Definitely fake.  The kids and the blanket are in a green room. The bookshelves and the table were filmed separately.
You work crazy hours fuck that
This looks like my chart but for last week.
Because of the special COVID laws, you can withdraw up to 100k THIS YEAR penalty free.  You still have to pay taxes on it though, which I've described above.  

If you pull it out January 1st, you'd have to pay 10% early withdrawal, plus $30k in taxes on your 2021 tax return, you can't split it up.
[deleted]
Alright tough guy settle down
You buy puts when shit is green not red
If we all say BABA to $300 out loud maybe it would turn into a reality
Happy Diwali people!!
any idea what the open price for roblox will be?
Let's be real here about what plan B probably was.
Loser go make something out of yourself 

U sorry fuck all u do is blame the world for your fuck ups 

And put mental walls on your self
Ban this fuck👆

Adds nothing useful to the sub.
OnlyFans x Roblox IPO coming soon.
Sell the news is the least likely thing to happen given the sentiment and OI... take that for what it is 😉
I seriously don't know how people function without coke
*I learned it from watching you, Dad*
But they didn’t say it’s good news either
Yeah Ma is going to tell Xi to buy the stock along with all his party. Then watch this shit rocket up as the ant ipo is approved.

No way China will allow another company, like American, into China with the same amount of power and influence.

Ali is going up bigly.
Felt so bad i gave you an award chin up mate
This is the way!
Send me your asshole spread open
You can beat the market of you play the market.  WSB is just for luls and gambling.
Shouldn't you buy puts after moderna news and the stocks pump again
Holy fuck cocoain is AWSOME 

I wonder how stem cells must feels 

Yes there is actually people taken that shit sayings it gives u monster energy and health benifits 

Mostly rich fucks tho
"Just hang up" is pretty much the best advice you can give most wsb RH users... can't keep losing if you don't play
I’ll never be. Walking into Walmart makes me feel disgusting. TGT for life
I hope youre wrong 💀 if not, fml
Yea I like chess now from a distance
Wait for the fraud warning...A coming soon.
Fuck yeah
Russian vaccine is basically the stolen AZN vaccine (look it up) and has 90%+ efficiency
My point is, you COULD just buy tech and be up 100%, or buy SPY and be up 40%, it outperformed all your stocks except your tech stocks.

I'm not saying it will continue to run up, my point is, your return is not because wsb gave good advice, but the whole market has been up.
Shitting
1. Cock 

2. Big cock 

3. Balls 

4. Vaccine 

5.= spy 500-100= 400$ spy EOY
Just need a 5% pop and I’m out
Okay next step
Bulls: going to 60+

Lemons: going to 25
[removed]
You gotta be a Austrian far-right politician to get that joke.
[deleted]
[deleted]
bottom graph is aug-nov while top oct-nov. any chance you could overlay comment volume w/ IV, or post a regression of the two?
We face ripped on Friday on zero news, Wall Street already got the info. It’ll be a replay of last Monday
Which is why unemployed retards who only play options are perfectly situated in the market right now. Checkmate, MMs.
Nvidia calls this week for the run up?
Xi is watching you...
This gives me really bad PTSD from BioStock pumpers
Yeah it seems lile you must be right on that one!! can’t wait to see what the markets will look lile  on monday!!
GUYS get your ass out there and make a YouTube or work on learnings some type of computer softwear 


Yes we can be ugly , but ugly and stupid and broke !!!!??

Are u fucken kidding me no !!!!! 

FIST ON CHEST NO FEAR !!!! 

FUCK U GOT TO LOSE 

GO OUT THERE AND FUCKEN CREATE ENOUGH FEELING SORRY FOR YOURSELF !!

#TWERKCOCK
Complex with the Tesla plug. 🚀

https://www.instagram.com/p/CHlbQmChjGm/?igshid=1u4fh6wmnqdxt
[removed]
“Every search begins with beginner’s luck. And every search ends with the victor’s being severely tested.” 
-The Alchemist
[deleted]
Fuck you
Wait how do they track ya? There was a thing about Winnie the Pooh but thats about as much as I can think of.
Why what’s he doing
I used to think it was about a million. Now taking the high cost if living and insane home prices into account, I'm thinking somewhere between 2 and 4 million.
We’re done with GME, NO is the new WSB stock

Not salty at all that my 11/13 $15c expired worthless yesterday
Somewhere between 1 and 4 billion
This is an old video and was confirmed fake a while ago
Dont bite the hands that feeds you
This is also my feel.
Can’t overstate the importance of this. Just having 1 already is extremely bullish. If you get 2 or even 3 then COVID cases literally become irrelevant in the market. 
Major drop happens if the 1 vaccine now finds bad side effects or different data the later into it. But it looks too good now to not be for real
That’s when you know the ship is going to catch fire soon, retail will always be the ones to baghold.
Guys please start pahmping APHA so my lotto tickets print
That’s him
Alright, let's be real here for a second.  what do we really see NIO doing this coming week?
Send me money rich man
Unless it goes down more... Lol
Ontario checking in. Been through this, learned a lot, made it back. You’ll go through stages of grief which is normal. 

You’ll need to examine your self defeating psychological habits that led up to this, as this destructive behavior may show up in non-financial aspects of your life. 

In the end, you’ll be fine. Everything is as it should be. It’s time for some inner soul searching.

PM me if you need support
Yea ok now I understand why you feel it's bad short term. But here's the thing, worst-case scenario $AMD drops 10% to $74 like it did a week and a half ago and your position will be down $820. If you keep writing weeklies, you'll still be making $200-400 a week to hedge against that potential 10% loss.

Go long AMD. They're EPYC is taking market share in the server space, Ryzen and Threadripper are taking share from Intel for PC enthusiasts and gamers, the mobile (laptop) chips are pound for pound better value than Intel laptops, the Zen 2 CPU and RDNA 2 GPU are both used in the latest Xbox One and PS5. Remember, the only reason $AMD will drop in the short-term is because of COVID market paranoia but that shouldn't change your investment thesis because long-term they're pretty solid. You might be kicking yourself when it breaks through $90 again.
when I get 2 10 baggers in a row I'll do 2 lines myself.
First of all thank you. Second it’s going back up next week I got money on it.
I should have become a lawyer. They are getting paid $200/hr to file joke election lawsuits.
Don’t tease me like that 🤤
I’m sorry you’re lame
It's gonna go down. Then up. Then a little down and then up. And then up again. I can draw you a graph, PayPal me $50 - DM.
So youre just speculating as well,good
Bro GYNA 

It’s GYNA 
Out smart the machines
This is not the week for automakers....
Smart lady!  Nowadays with modern Medicare she'll probably make it to at least 80, maybe 90s.  Imagine what 500 shares of Northrop Grumman bought in the 90s would be now?  Because PLTR is essentially a defense contractor in our new cyber warfare space.

Make sure you're nice to granny and call her often!
This news hit Friday when it was up 3%. I watched it sail all the way to 4.7% before the close. I’m not sure if anyone cares about this news.
Recently they filed an SEC form for paying off millions in debt earlier than required. That's not what dying, soon-to-be bankrupt companies do
Moon to $20
The bottom chart with the orange line has a cat shape. I like cats. The internet likes cats. Tabby cat TA = stonk jump like cat
I believe it will, since SSR was triggered Tuesday and continued Wednesday and Thursday
My uncle works at VIX, I can't say much but they are planning some big things soon
Lol username def checks out
Read this as WSB members
Vaccine bitch all u need to know
Because you saw the zero volume face rip on Friday we had? Wall Street already caught the info, it’ll be a replay of Monday
I buy a call it will go down, I buy a put it goes up. Apple fucking hates me
BABA calls
U forgot your a incel mad at the word
iPhone 12 max pro is legit...love the old school metal siding
Bro u can lick my cock and stop being a loser 

And I take coke to do DD idiot I’m looking trough 10,000 pages of data 

As we speak m
I’m rich 

I’m ugly but I live in the USA and smart enough to be rich 

Why are u a loser and broke ?

Are u kidding me u a wage slave and a ugly fuck ?

Dude get your ass out there and get something done
Calls puts or shares ?
Daily new cases exponentially increasing and daily deaths well over 1,000 a day again.  

Bullish in this market.
The other day this CNBC dude pulled up a chart comparing returns made by retail to the average market. 

He gave the caveat that it’s skewed because retail tends to follow big runs, but retail is absolutely smoking the overall market on picks. “It’s hard to call them the dumb money.” He said lmao
OK my price points were a joke but let's be logical. So many people are long in calls and shares on PLTR and BABA. But the house will always wins. You think MM will pump up the price to answer your calls. Use your retarded brain. I'm trading on logic, you are trading on emotion, no wonder idiots like you tend to lose...
Ppl are dumb selfish fucks who won’t abide it
I would be a sad panda if it didn't within that context.
will it go up this week though?
In shithole places
Haha yeah I’ve been going back and forth. They basically said I should prob stay away bc of iv crush but idk. I’ve made money on plays w high iv. I usually just buy longer exp and put like 5-10k in em and cash out around 10-20 percent. Works until it doesn’t lol.
Charts are odd. the 1h has you over the 180SMA, the 4h has you under the 180SMA. So if you're trading the 1h then it looks like you're fighting a bullish direction, but if you're trading on the 4h it looks like you're in a bearish direction.

This is why it's probably a good idea to look at all your charts from the 1h to the 1D if you swing trade so that you can get a good sense of where your trade is relative to the other trades.
Oi
Don’t buy puts on a red day, you’ll just be overpaying. Hell don’t buy any options at an elevated vix, you literally will just overpay
[deleted]
What are your gains since becoming "competant"?
[deleted]
Fuck wmt. Shitty websit crashed and I lost the ps5 I was buying because of it b
What’s pltr finna do next week?
So just to be clear on Reddit I can talk about killing people because they don’t wear a mask and it gets upvoted but if I make fun of China I get banned. Cool
That’s why you don’t make risky trades after Christmas 🎄
Ah ok. Thanks for actual reply rather than "yes" or my personal favorite "ban"
Clothes off baby I got good white
I don’t believe internal indicators. All seem like gimmicks to make you believe in their narratives. They’ll never show what they actually use
yeah I bought 25 000$ CAD worth of CNK shares back then! I jumped when I saw the 59% gain last monday XD lol. sold everything at 14$ a share
Wrong direction
Dunning kruger syndrome
Just give it time
Hoping BABA doesn’t reck me again this week
You forgot the “E” you rEtard
That comment is like a scene out of The Princess Bride
Any news on li auto?
Why would I have to pull it out before Jan 1st
[deleted]
It's super hard and I struggle with similar things too, but it makes you simply lose against people who are willing to do it. Reality.
It is going to play out just like tesla’s latest earnings/battery day did. NIO will do a second round of fundraising a.k.a. stock offering right after they release earnings on Tuesday and NIO will drop like a rocket powered cinderblock.
Why is that?
> 19,500 IPOB-WT

What does this mean?
Seems 16 is a pretty strong resistance.
"Just buy tech" is something you'll see here on wsb that literally no financial advisor would tell you.  You've proved my point
And you came on a Internet forum to tell people. This is why they say money can’t buy happiness if you have no personality
Love u homie. Strsight homo
Of course it always boils down to a gamble but I have a feeling that Friday was shorted a little too soon due to Citrion being a catalyst, and that the hype alone will just make the stock soar very high Monday. But I am very new to trading and was wondering your thoughts on this or anyone else’s
#When I die, bury me with all my ice on
Not a fucking chance
Those calls printing on Sunday 
Collect on Monday 
Duh no brainer
[deleted]
Came here to say this.
Poooots
It’s gonna shoot up. Hard. I only hope premarket trading isn’t completely stupid or else it risks a similar sell off on Monday. I would much rather like +$2 on Monday followed by an exponential spike on tuesday
Obviously not
Spoken like a INCEL
It will moon!🚀
Volatility is still elevated more than normal which could impact earnings outcomes despite’s expected results in scenarios of beating expectations. NVIDIA and NIO could be interesting.
So will the SSR be effective on NIO Monday and Tuesday as well or ?
JUST DID COCAIN !!!!

😛☕️🦅😝⚡️⚡️⚡️😘🍆

TWERK COCK TIME
I hope this doesn’t OVERstate it for Walmart. Because signing up anything over 10 million at this point would be great. They anticipated that by end of NEXT year I read in some articles. I just hope they don’t report like 12 million member sign ups and people thinks that’s somehow bad based on articles like this.
45ish minutes northwest of Detroit in Bloomfield hills area has some amazing property. I’m biased but there are some gems in Michigan especially if you do some research. Winter ain’t even all the bad and the summers are top tier.
Check the front page someone already did some dd on se
I mean isn't the virus doing that already
Not rumors they said they release info this week about their vaccine. It’ll hit market Monday before open, MMs knew about it already brokerages will be down
Yes please! I did the first part right
Remove cloth, butifel!
TIL my portfolio is 100% meme stocks 💪😎
CCP wants to promote their innovative companies. NIO is already called the Tesla of China. This is already a good platform to start building their world presence in technology and innovation. They already subsidize speed charging stations. CCP does whatever it wants even if it is just for vanity and publicity. 

Less retarded than spending trillions on large cities in the middle of nowhere far removed from all large civilization. China already wants to subsidizes EVs until 2022 which is expected to get pushed out with bigger subsidizes again.
I pray to the stonk gods that moderna's results are gonna be abysmal and all those boomer stocks get fucked while tech rips
It says that in the title vro I was on mobile. Also google probably hacked me n shit cause they're player haters.
Did you ever figure this out?
What about iv crush though?
Everyone hates Mondays but Mondays are the best days because it’s gainz days
Will you do your part and kill the anti maskers when its time for the good of humanity?
What?
I’ve earned more in dividends, Jesus Christ my guy..
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** GLOG for life 😎

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju9yin
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju9yin) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/samuraimyth, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
samuraimyth
Thebush121
Value stocks surge and tech stock will bleed out like last Monday
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
The partnership with JP Morgan is what makes them special I think. It’s also much faster and more reliable for me.
Why would you just assume his grandmothers generation like that? Maybe she identifies as a millennial bro. C'mon, it's 2020 and Biden is about to be President.
 
[As many as 19 million households may already be Walmart+ members](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/walmart-earnings-preview-as-many-as-19-million-households-may-already-be-walmart-members-11605296888?siteid=yhoof2)
Priced in
Why TF are people positive about Zoom?
I’m up like 150% on my shares alone and I keep cost averaging up when I but more shares with the premium I make off selling OTM calls
Your sister was fun at the last one I saw her at. She gave me crabs
Yes
62
Imma buy some pltr just for your meemaa
big dump
> pistachio farm

Who better to do so than an actual fucking nut farmer?
I don’t even think you’re real
PUTS ON NKLA
The kind of product palantir produces isn’t really the sort of thing competitors can just whip up in a year or so
you're right: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/t.
Are you a cop, and of course, a Ford Escort.
[deleted]
NIO 38 Monday is what my magic 8ball is saying. Don’t quote me on it tho.
I was gonna say, if less than a year RIP but you’re gucci
Diamond hands nan
Maybe they are thinking, with prop 22 passed in California, that slave drivers who pay for their own cars and fuel, will stay cheaper in the long run vs auto drivers + paying for car, fuel, maintenance and insurance + developing sufficient auto driving
3/2021 150c
What's nio?
Good news for its competitors
Guys might want to buy MRNA puts. Everyone thinks they are going to release good vaccine news but what if they don't? Stock will tank 99%
bullish
Puts on airlines/oil/hotels shit like that. There will be one more nice dip before we actually moon
Sources tell me it could also go sideways
So we going limit up again on Monday? I think so. Bears r fuk. 

I don’t know why I just really enjoy saying that.
If  a lockdown  work why not do a mini one
**If this is [spam](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide) you can vote to remove it and earn setting your own flair.**

| **Remove It (0)** | **Keep It (1)** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jua6gt&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jua6gt&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jua6gt)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^24 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
[deleted]
Hey I’m fairly new to trading as well and find myself slowing becoming a fellow retard. Now I’m wondering if the panic that ensued Friday was mostly due to Citron’s short selling tactic, do you think there is a strong possibility for Monday to follow an insane bull run like opening hours on Friday was showing?
Mf can’t even send an email to Bezos without a typo in it. “Die research”, no wonder he didn’t reply.
Guess it depends on how long is long.
I hope so, too.
I can always buy karma with my tendies, puts on your portfolio if yall fail to inverse WSB
Get ready to buy...the dip?
JMIA!!!
25L- 46h. You heard it here first
im from the EU in a country where RH is not available. Only Interactive Broker offers SRACW but their fees are ass and require high initial capital
Someone explain these Moderna rumors please
I did and it’s incredible for groceries. Next day service is great for birthdays as well. They have the brick and mortar setup that Amazon is trying to get into now as well. This is where Walmart will always have a hand up on them. If they can merge their stores by also being distribution centers, they’ll legit catch up to Amazon IMO

You know they’re gonna get a steaming service and all kinds of other perks to be tied in with their membership sooner than later too
LI is the most slept on. Still at a great price imo.
Nope but that photo is cringe
Hahahaha did you just try to apply logic to the market you retard
Cant sleep. Dealt with a bunch of Apple things this past week. Just got a healthy reminder that this company’s products are just fucking incredible. Everything is just seamless and beautiful. Sure, you pay for it but hot damn if the powers that be somehow end up trust-busting this monster, I think it’s one instance where the consumer would legit lose out.
So do men though honestly
Puts on NIO!.. wait...GM!



GM Recalls Thousands of Electric Vehicles, Warning of Battery Fires

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-14/gm-recalls-50-932-electric-vehicles-warning-of-battery-fires
Puts will print this week
Everyone lives in their own world where everyone else just seems like an NPC
Escort the car or the fun fun times?
weeklies*

If you run spreads and LEAPS, its p.great.
I’m holding a bunch of 2/21 $175c so hoping it rips
I mean Zoom is currently traded 40X it’s value... people just haven’t seen Tesla’s future, they see it as an overpriced Ford. 

When he starts rolling these new things out people will quickly realize how insane this company is, I wouldn’t wager on the stock being worth 500 by the end of the year but by the end of 2021? 650 - 700 easily. 

Then it’s juuuuust like an amazon stock, too big for you to want to hop in when you could use those funds to leverage something else or you’ll start looking for the next Tesla. 

I’d buy maybe 5-10 SHARES, not leverage. Sit on it and watch ur dollars start slaving away in their fuck shack aka your brokerage account. 


I’d take all of this with a grain of salt but again, look at the factories they are propping up in rapid succession. The only reason tesla hasn’t sold more units in China and Europe is because the factory takes 2/3 years to hit the capacity of production.. 

This model Y is going to make for a fucking DISGUSTING 2021 Quarter.
Look at the available options...
My magic 8 ball says it will run up 10% and then will drop 30% and then it will be continued stead slow growth
Aapl will never make you money
It’s how you swing your dick, not the size of it friend. As long as it’s not a micro penis
Bet this guy is fun at parties
Congrats and fuck you, but what does the all time look like?
Seriously. I don’t give a shit what you own or do, but I will be coming back to this comment later this week to remind you how retarded this take is
A baby seal walks into a club....
Cause the company issued long-term warrants, i dont know how long call options can you get.

The things they have planned out are exremely interesting but extremely far away. I dont think you can make a bank on a company that wants to build space infrastructure early 2021
Its a startup with not that many people, their goals are massive. They need to have exponential growth.

Look at Tesla price before it started blooming. Its not like the company did not have insane plans prior. The price can tank below its current price and im not fan of being in the negative even though i am interested in holding long-term
It is 20 cases of covid: 19 in control, 1 in treatment = 8%
Remind me, what was the VIX at in 1918?
What's CAD backed by? Maple syrup?
Not many other times in history people largely stayed home and day traded this amount of time either.
Makes it more fun
I am 100% in on German Elon’s plans
honestly i don’t know what NIO does besides make memes
I would buy so much DKNG at $20 that there’s no way it’ll drop to $20
You really gonna leave out my boy JMIA out off this list??
How do I get the spiky graph?
No just like 500. The rest is in NIO, obviously
i literally do not know a single person who signed up for it. dont even think we can find a single person who's signed up on here which is not promising.
edit: nvm guy above proved me wrong lol
When you hear those CNBC retards saying we are in full bull mode, get ready for a snap back to reality in a little bit of time. They are the ones that lead the sheep into the slaughter
Unless citrus fruit fuck boi writes another twitter post
GM batteries catching fire 

https://twitter.com/business/status/1327731487651852289?s=21
You realize the whole stock market has been up? You could just buy tech stocks and be up 100%
[deleted]
Oof. That moment when you start to make money in life and you think it's always going to be there lol. I'd recommend just putting some money in your account and that's it. If you lose it you lose it. Don't be that guy who works a job only to throw his money into the hands of some nerd behind a computer selling you OOM options dude. Fucking live your life.
[deleted]
I subscribed, they got my first grocery order wrong, and I promptly unsubscribed
Legit... I didn't realize this was wsbets and thought this notification was from r/personalfinance. Fuck haha
Bear sketch
Fuck wish my dick was as big as one of those dudes.. also, evidently, made me check that website was real..
Oh boy. Perhaps if you re-read my message then you will see that I said that it’s only my opinion and I as well may be wrong. I never pretended to be the truth of the last instance. 🤷🏼‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Nice try Goatse
I owe crap load of all 3 shares, will sell loads of it at open and get back once they plunge further. Whilst selling to you pathetic imbicile covered call that ain't gonna print. And it is us who move the markets so your calls ain't printing retard. 

Yall SNAP bearish approach was the single most retarded play that burnt me
What other EV plays are there for the EV bull market? TSLA, NIO, XPEV, LI...
At least it's entertainning
[deleted]
If I could upvote this more I would
[deleted]
[deleted]
Impatient for this weekend to end - I want to make large volumes of money on NIO already dammit
I miss the days of Post Split Tesla staying poon at 515
[deleted]
The comment is oversold. Puts on this dudes karma
So is Donnie’s Friday talk pumping the market or are we inversing logic on Monday?
Longer.
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**Omerta2304** , kminder in **2 days** on [**2020-11-16 21:52:31Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 21:52:31Z&reminder_id=8b7c92207f7a46848c6d74e6503ac8bd&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gcalip6/?context=3)

> kminder 2 days

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-16T21%3A52%3A31%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtohy5%2Fweekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of%2Fgcalip6%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Set timezone, Update remind time, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 21:52:31Z&reminder_id=8b7c92207f7a46848c6d74e6503ac8bd&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** We are lean and mean and stay in motion to serve people. If there is any change you want, contact us by email.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Yeah as long as you don't fomo into options this sub has some good dd tbh
[removed]
Ev.... no..... nio.... yes.
Nah I am banned for being anti-CCP and anti-genocide.
[removed]
This is probably the longest VIX ever stayed above 20. It's been 9 months and still counting without VIX dropping below 20 for even a single day.
Ok gotcha didn’t see that in the title of your post.
3 years, avoiding the ring RIP
I was already cashed out but loaded up on 11/20 calls on the Friday Dip. Too big of an opportunity to pass up.
Yup they got in early, shit will explode for a couple days, then they sell it all off again
[removed]
Do you think the EV bull market is over?
It won’t matter. Look at Tesla’s latest earnings and what happened. I can guarantee they will do a secondary stock offering within 48 hours of releasing earnings on Tuesday. They know it will be years before they reach this type of valuation again
[deleted]
No, their downfall was more regulatory scrutiny and massive fraud. Hard for an individual investor to do due diligence and find that. As such, always very very cautious on Chinese companies.
Inslee is going to step down as govornor to be part of Bidens cabinet
We will find out on Tuesday but my guess is data will show a faster sign up % than anyone anticipated, similar to Disney +
Is there a pfchangs adjacent to a wendy's anywhere on Earth ? I need to know like asap.
Not bad
Cries in european
you would have to pull it out before January 1st.   So let's say you have 30K at that time, you would pull out $30k, and now you made $10k extra this year, $10k extra next year, and $10k extra the year after that, so remember that.   

Watch mark kohler on youtube.
What do you think happens if there is no news on Monday
[deleted]
I shorted pltr before earnings. Of course it dropped ah and premarket and pumped during trading hours. It didn’t end my way. I’d be careful with that one.
There are only a handful of people who have REALLY been successful day trading, like Paul Tudor Jones... but most of us fail. Or will fail. 

Or will suck some dicks.
Puts on what
[deleted]
LOL If that happens Tsla is done to  $80 because the stock market just deflated.
Tesla is too low, imo. You should add any mentions of Elon or Musk to the Tesla. Increase sentiment if "Daddy Elon" is mentioned too lol
Thenks. I'll try
lol this is true
Daytraded some $nio puts
little kids look like they have monkey strength but their just really light
Also the only reason why ZM would go down on Friday. MMs have insider info
Has walmart plus been a hit?
Not clicking on a link when someone asks “overstretched?”

Not falling for that one again
Okay but why the fuck wouldn’t the government subsidize charging stations instead...? there’s half a dozen other brands of EVs that will never be able to use a battery swap station. Subsidizing speed charging technology and rolling that out nationwide is a much smarter decision. 

Imagine an ICE car brand that you can’t fill up with gas, you have to take it to the dealership and let them put a new, full gas tank on it. How fucking retarded does that sound.
So puts
Replying to your own comment? Get fucked 🤡
You and the short seller have alot in common. They were long Luckin. Short Zoom, Tesla, PTON, SHOP, ...
I just looked at my portfolio and here are the stocks I bought *strictly* bc of wsb bets dd, and how they have performed since I bought shares:

Chewy: +83%

AMD: +171%

Rocket: +25%

PTON: +10%

ICLN: +1%

ZOM: +18%

GME: -3.5%

SPCE: +4%

PLTR: +10%

NIO: +3%

MSFT: +185%
[deleted]
You’ll see baby bro
Had a take advantage of the massive sell off Friday when I saw it
It was fine.
Lol don't say I didn't warn you. Remember when yall retards were so bearish on SNAP?
What do you think it can reach?
Start a cult.
Problem is that there so much competition it’s insane

Door dash, Grubhub, Postmates, etc...
[deleted]
Hm as much as I want it to go up like XPEV after ER  it has dropped all 3 times it has reported earnings for the last 3 Quarters: (
!remind me 2 days
Instruction unclear; dick got caught in ceiling fan.
And opportunity cost.
Russia is the 1 up bro everyone hates.
Don’t everyone have tech on this sub? 🤷🏼‍♀️
Why would an electric car company die
Essentially, I want to sell more puts on the upside that I cannot do with only holding shares
Higher market cap than Redfin. I actually have Redfin. I never heard of opendoor before the merger announcement.

So I don’t see any reason to buy opendoor over Redfin. Convince me
[removed]
Yeah I’m saving this lol bet on it if you’re so confident. Retard
Take out a loan to make bullish calls in the market. Pay back monthly with winnings. Good credit and bigger bank roll. Win win. 

If you happen to lose it all, just change your gender and your name. 👌
Major indices closed at resistance. If we dump you will be good. Any good news, we gap up, you will be dead long before the opening bell
Nope Morgan Stanley will release new PT of 60 and it will scream to 80.
I think it’ll open up green again like on Friday then probably down by EOD. Anything past that hard to say
Try to make it one picture. Short on disk space.
Also, I think the downfall of "day trading" as a wealth strategy is it doesn't cover how most of America spends wayyyy too much a year of their income. Creating wealth with short term trades is easier when your working with 50% of your income vs 100 bucks a month.
You get the ability to sell them at open with minimum loss
Already VP of blacked.com but thank you
Whatever you're on, keep it away from me.
His strategy looks like an ekg *of* a heart attack.
Wtf do u mean that or Just saying that due to gender equality
Basically at best you can double your money every 5 years without big risk of going down to zero.  Yeah don't really belong.
Because short sellers were billions in paper losses. One firm was 3.8 billion in paper losses!
You just plastered my play across the internet. Now I need a new play.
 
I think you nailed it. Well done.
so I'm in the bathtub and I don't really want to do a whole lot of research into this but from my first glance it looks like an oil stock. Are you ready for Corona virus round 2 to massively destroy the oil market again?
[deleted]
NIO has ER on Tuesday lol
No office fans here?
It says 5/21 calls... 

...in the first sentence
This will age well.
[removed]
You come Monday morning 𓀐𓂸
fuck’s*
I drew 1000 different TA lines and at one point in the stonk history it was correct therefore TA good
[deleted]
Do u think that Softbank is at it again?
Good catch.
baba to 190? lmao thats a hot take and a half
Well people here ARE morons so.. they're not wrong.
I’m willing to bet at exactly 7:30-8:00 AM Monday morning Moderna will release their report that they have matched the treatment rate of pzifer vaccine. It’s pretty obvious since you saw airlines pump fucking face on Friday on zero news. The MMs caught the release early. Vix will die on Monday, that’s when you load your fucking puts
𓀐𓂸
*good for tech
I sent [jeff@amazon.com](mailto:jeff@amazon.com) an email saying that I want to build a time machine with big data and that's why this is happening lol somebody call the fucking SEC. The fucker couldn't even have the decency to respond to me.
Link
Also retarded
That is what you think...
Just invest in bbc
It will run up to earnings. 20% from the last top. Like every time before 65 will be the new peak.
Hey I’m gay but is your grandma hot?
you go to the CCP board meetings too?
dj got a strangle hold on the masters rn. the guy is a machine when he's locked in. not one of my favs, but i respect his game
Dude.  There are always multiple people saying the same thing on here.  Have you seen how many are subscribed to this sub?  Take a look.  Any take on a stock will have multiple people on both sides every day all the time.  You just used it to give more weight to your position.  It's a weak ass tactic.
Give me a free money play
Roblox definitely the one for me
Who knows so I settled for a Jan 2021 call
But thats only -$2 😒
You know shutdown is good for the economy right?
[removed]
I’m sure I will get bigger gains haha this stock is so undervalued.
dont your contract go up if u held for long term?
When you watch those videos of 4K to 400k in 2 mins and think to yourself I can do that. No you can’t.
>Define "allegory"

 *noun*

1. a story, poem, or picture with reference to former Vice President Al Gore."South Park's Imaginationland episode is an allegory."
Oh my
No we buy low
They just have a bad habit of being puts :p
Sounds like it
doesn’t matter we are back to all news is bullish again. it’s probably at the point where mango conceding an obviously lost race is good enough for a 1-2% rally:

“equities rally on mango accepting the election (and stimulus hopes”
It’s going to run up and through earnings then pull back
This is like the emotional roller coaster of a good suspense thriller.
Step 3 is way to accurate
There is a reason noone has ever won the million dollar bet against Warren Buffet. Its generally impossible to beat the s&p500 without introducing loads of risk. If an investor rolls the dice too much they statistically will find themselves on the wrong side of that risk trying to wager enough to beat the market. I and many I have met have made great short term trades with 5% worth of their portfolio for example. The issue is you have to put so much of your wealth on the line with high leverage to make enough to make day trading profitable that it ends up being the reason people lose lots of money. I am a f.i.r.e follower and I think they get something right... be frugal and invest as much as possible in something that has a high probability of being profitable. That equation has worked well for my family and is much less stressful. Idk just my experience so far.
It has 50% market share of food delivery
SE is one of the best plays nobody talks about enough.
Fuck my puts will nut
fked
That is true they have big plans for rapidly increasing their revenue. Though how long will it take to realistically have their share price moon again? Holding for 10 years is a great idea for anyone who is highly confident in the company. Much of their future growth is already priced in. You compared tesla to amazon while amzn has a 91.08 p/e ratio and tsla has a 826.83 p/e ratio. That's a pretty massive difference even if tesla becomes the next amazon. They have to really destroy the current market just to get to current levels.
Chart looks like it’s going to break up or down retard
Yeah it was definitely a good show. I enjoyed it
[deleted]
do you live there?
My magic 8 ball is right 51% of the time alriiiiight
That one mattress ain't bumping your credit score
And the bartender kicks em out
Real talk, it’s gonna go down, than up.
[deleted]
[removed]
Yeah. Spell properly
It put a divergent high just before that big dump. It was a tradable dump.  You can clearly see it on op’s chart. Sorry cupcake
Charge your damn phone
let me tell you something. you are 25. and healthy. that is all that matters. job money is cool but you can replace it. had some health scares in the family recently and that is when you realize that money dont mean shit if you arent around to spend it.

focus on your health. if you are addicted to gambling my advice would be to make 2 accounts. one for long term trade and one for yolos. maybe 90% in long term brokerage firm and 10% in robin hood or something to gamble.

&#x200B;

good luck.
I’ve got an 11/27 OTM call and a 1/2021 ITM put.

Are you holding and puts or all calls?
Yep. We. Not just me. Multiple people were saying that. Therefore “We”. Jeebus is right alriiiiiight
Hell yes
That's what everyone here is expecting. Inverse WSB. Buying calls.
A 1960s movie.
Doordash is somehow the worst of all these companies
Bulls be in lambos
This is the closest - stay tuned tomorrow!
You can see the exact moment he discovered this subreddit.
[removed]
Citron pointed out the obvious.  No matter the positive outlook for NIO, it’s by no means a $50b-$70b company currently. They had their best month ever and sold 5000 cars last month.  For perspective, Ford sold 185k cars last month in North America only and their Market Cap is half of NIO’s.
How'd the paper trading go?
No
Down, cover those calls and pray for green in December
Yes, I am baiting the MMs now.
https://twitter.com/jasonrantz/status/1327654058824384513?s=19

Gov Inslee (of Washington State) is planning a press briefing tomorrow (Sunday) at 10:30am. This is rare.

Covid mandates are coming. Lockdown? Tailored restrictions? Will find out soon.
Sure send it over to 1600 pennywise avenue in Derry Massachusetts
China will subsidizes whatever it wants.  People thought it crazy that China built mega cities in the middle of nowhere that sit empty.... So is it that much harder that they build battery swaps every 300 miles?  >\_>
This guy gets it.
This is not about market cap. This is about *price*. You can't align market cap to price so I wouldn't do that seeing as options pricing doesn't incorporate market cap at all in the calculations.

Also, if you're making a current hedge, you don't want old data. 2 years is (oddly) too far back.
YEEESSSSS
SOLO the real new shit
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** How the fuck do you retards do it

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju9312
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju9312) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/InfamousEaglez, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
goldstaender95
ROO-FI-O
Profit is profit
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I'm investing in both, especially Roblox. Kids can't get enough of Roblox.
Nice
im the exact opposite. I've been holding SE specifically because it hasn't shown up on WSB and still has immense growth

fuck all of you for doing this, now I gotta sell
Anyone else watched queen gambit. I liked it usually not the type of show for me but that was surprisingly good.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Other than making money, what are some of your goals with the money you make?

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju8z8r
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju8z8r) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Monir5265, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
yachtie
Zealousideal-Jump-89
ROO-FI-O
Yeah his username reminded me of lovetofuckbearasshoe
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Who’s making money ?
weekends are ghey
Even with the Resolute thing going on?
I have been thinking no after the way Friday went but just checked options volume for today. Much more volume on puts than calls
[deleted]
thats his alt lol
If there ever was comment that represents my trading history then then this is it. F in the A.
NO!
he ded
Wrong sub we yolo and we sell low buy high
Watch moderna release vaccine news before Monday open
Read the highlights from the call. I’m planning to hold for years
Are you ok OP?
Now do you get why this is a casino?
Thoughts on roblox and airbnb?
I sold my corsair at around 29. I believe it will have alot of pressure heading into the deep 30s.  Logitech does about 250% more in revenue and isn't just gaming oriented.  I don't see CRSR in the 40s unless the entire market goes up with it or they diverge also outside of gaming. High 30s. Yes, very. Companies will continue ordering more WFH gear, but will consumers keep ordering more gaming gear? Much of the gaming boom is due to lockdowns and social distancing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You're going to lose money either way
No. All day traders in "the long run" would never be something this sub would track. You're talking 10+ years. I don't even think this sub is that old.
33% in 6 months. Is that a lot or little? Looking at this sub, the victories of it at least, looks to be pretty minuscule
Physicists have proven that it will always go to the right.

Edit: yes, up also.
May we gain together, may we lose together.
[deleted]
What do people expect to see out of PLTR? A quick google shows the average target price being like $2 more than it's at right now. Is that people are hoping for?
[deleted]
[removed]
Sorry not sure what I was thinking
[removed]
Guiz, how fucked are my zm $500 27 nov calls 😭
It’s not about blind luck, it’s about taking in information and making informed decision. I’ll be the first to say I had “beginners luck” and made some money, lost it, but now understand not all DD is good. Take the information and make the plays you think are right

Edit- look at the post about right after this on new posts, sentiment in the sub. NIO is at the top, legit money if you rode it up right?
fuck apple. theyve screwed me this autumn
Was their downfall "share price too high"?
300 miles is 482.8 km
Don’t say such terrible thing
it's for DD
Alright, ill bring a friend geez
Legend
Lol when you put it like that it’s even funnier
I won’t take an EV on a cross country road trip, i’m not an idiot. Most people that own EVs don’t travel cross country in them. 

If you think there’s gonna be a NIO battery swapping every 300 miles on every road in the country then you’re a retarded... Speed chargers will be widely available before NIO opens 500 fucking battery swap stations. I would rather be able to charge my car in 10 minutes than have to have 6 fucking batteries in my trunk just in case i run out... 

Hell, hydrogen will more than likely be the clean energy choice for long distance road travel, not SwApPabLe BaTtEriEs lol
Oh wait, I'm thinking of lovetofuckmarriedmilfs actually
Banks and hedge funds getting rich off your premiums
RH doesn't notice amounts with commas?
This isn't r/investing. We're degenerates that yolo our paychecks to buy escorts.

Edit: Buying options on meme stocks is teh way, because its entirely divorced from fundamentals.
Thanks, just wire your wealth to us already instead of waiting till next week you sadistic fuck
Yes. May we be lead to the promised land of tendies.
Just use a credit card for all of your purchases and pay the balance every month, builds credit and you get rewards
Actually no. I just want more money to buy more money
NOI
They are. You can get a model y or model 3 for low $40k price range while a nio es6 is $54k. Tesla is outselling them in China and is ramping production there. Nios main advantage is the fact they’re Chinese and the ccp will back them vs an American company.
Google owns a bit of SpaceX but it's a tiny tiny tiny portion of the Alphabet market cap. AFAIK there's no good way to invest directly in SpaceX. Tesla is a bad way because if you believe in SpaceX you realize Elon's gonna cash out of Tesla eventually. Momentus might be a good way, maybe Maxar, other satellite and satellite bus firms. If Starship makes launches very cheap, payload manufacturers will benefit.
He was on last last night
So, good moment to write OTM options?
was up 60% on my contracts by morning and held until it hit my stop loss :( came out even but hurts honestly id see what happens monday morning and sell
[deleted]
[deleted]
more or less
Build that credit dude
Oh. Good for you!
Nice lol.
INO?
Hookers and blow
Hell no, you really underestimate the laziness and gluttony of the average person (myself included).
They say 90% of traders quit after the first two years.  But yes, with practice you can get good at day trading
NIO
To build credit
Got it. Thanks. WTH, in for lulz
NIO calls
Lmfaooooooo

I’ll answer it since I’m first comment answer is yes there are plenty of people on here that trade for a living and are successful long term there are so many factors to this game. I will tell you this only like 3% are successful good luck

There is a fuckton I mean a fuckton luck involved if your success and have less then a million in the market
Idiot spy is going to open at 367 on Monday
Hahahaha
The e-commerce platform Shopee is doing very great in all Southeast Asian counties. They have games and stuff integrated into their shopping app to earn coins and spend them on purchases to keep you engaged all the time. Chat with sellers allows people to sell custom things like birthday cakes and services there as well (similar to Fiverr).

Their wallet ShopeePay surpassed GoJek's GoPay in amount of transactions in Indonesia. And GoJek is a local giant, Uber/super-app with bunch of services and products from food delivery to utility bills and micro-loans etc.

https://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2020/11/06/shopeepay-most-popular-e-wallet-in-october-survey-says.html

Not sure whether SE is going to tank or fly before or after ER but the business itself is very strong. I'm long-term holder and will buy more if it tanks.
Im an analyst and can confirm this
Anybody see lovetofuckbearasshoe lately? He used to be king in these parts
Hello pot, my name is kettle. Nice to meet you
Awww that made me warm inside for real.
Nothing you’ll lose it all anyway
That’s a shortfall of it for now, I’m thinking of trying to try to crowdsource some wsb specific training data. vaderSentiment is trained on social media data, though, so it’s not the worst tool for the job. I’ve found it to be fairly accurate through testing it myself.
[deleted]
SCI
Keep going... I'm almost there...
Shall i hold my NIO 40c 1/15/2021 call or sell?
Define "allegory"
Upfront of course
avg daily volume is 1.5 million shares 👀
Why do you need credit when you can pay upfront?
*algo scanning intensifies*
Good looking out.
UK to ban ICE vehicles by 2030– another catalyst for EV boom?
🤣
Open an account with another broker. RH has it's place, but you limit yourself.
Just hang yourself
Thanks for sharing. What was the stock out of interest?
You have chlamydia
PLTR
Maybe if they would talk to the fucking 10 year old who gave them the idea I would be willing to help, but fuck them I couldn't even get a fucking internship as a regular bloke. Die uber die. It could've been so much cooler if you weren't fucks.
so she was \*that\* kinda girl instead
𓀐𓂸
You hope I take a big gamble? Fine.
Most deliveries they've ever done occurred during pandemic.... still lost money
What’s with this weird response? What’s it In relation to?
Should I pay for a new mattress monthly to build up my credit, or just pay upfront?
[deleted]
I'll look into it
Giant sell order on L2. I think it’s setting up for a nice dump. God speed.
I've been doing this a few years now. Haven't gotten my freebie yet 😩
Okay,  that was the best answer
Sibling in firm that has positions.
Loving you down loving you down taking you higher 
higher babe 
all the way 
all the way 
never let go never let go
How does your sentiment calculation deal with non-standard English?

I can't imagine a normal library has "GME GANGGANG GME GANGGANG GME" programmed in as positive sentiment
[deleted]
OIN?
I have no idea what I'm doing. Going off the advice of a co worker
What’s the best play for someone who has 1200 lying around
It means the calculated beta of 1.7 is statistically significant. 

Remember when markets crashed in March? UBER dropped about 65% while S&P drop was about 33%. And that my friend, is the whole point of the argument when both are at ATH.

But again, this is no alpha neutral beta play. It is an alpha driven play, and the argument is that UBER is overvalued from a fundamental point of view.
Dude this was genuinely nice.. ban
I figure we trade flat for the next 2 weeks.
Sorry, no penny stocks.
It will go up, or down
100%
[deleted]
Possibly. Don't know how you got $230 but I see a gap near there as well as the .618 fib level, closer to 227.

Depending on what happens to the market, I don't think sub 200 is impossible.
👍
How old are you cause have the exact same plan lmfao I’m 18 with 20k in PLTR leaps trying to get a down payment on a house so I can rent it out while I go to college so the house will start paying itself off
Wow, not even bearish in the weekend thread. SPY 365 EOW
I'm trying
I gonna get some GME puts after 11/20 after the options I sold expire worthless. Probably gonna buy some 9.50p of they exist.

Loving what I see on GME chart
Why cause he will shit post online? These people need to go outside
beary nice
Sold yourself out and didn't get an award. 

Bear r fuk.
GME gang here the shorts are doing enough fucking thank you
FYI... InTheMoney on YouTube. Excellent place to start.
picasso
Just gonna say this first. IV is extremely high and buying options now for ER is extremely risky. Best time was a week ago or longer. IV crush will be **massive** and you’ll need the stock to skyrocket **bigly** in order to make any money. Also, ER is Tuesday AH so that’s 3 days of theta burn. I don’t even have any calls myself, i took profits after Shitron fucked everything up. I sold 11/20 puts to NIO bears. That being said...

TLDR: 50c 11/27 (my old position before Shitron made me sell)
I don't even get off the couch for less than a 20 bagger guy
Same to you amigo
Midwest sucks ass.

Consider Arizona or Colorado
funeral homes
whats your price target? if it heads lower, when will you cut the loss?
DoorDash is king.
Also no h in front
[deleted]
🐃
Yo that dog is straight up abused
[deleted]
So is palantir pretty much garunteed to go up? Serious question
Yes, don't let the MMs see our *bloodless revolution!*
Thank you for including the hummingbird picture. You have me sold on this play
I'm so sick of these 1-2% moves every day. I miss the old days when market would move like 0.3% most days and you could buy weekly options for 50 cents and monthlies for $2. Now you can barely get dailies for $2.
It's gonna be epic
I just watched a YouTube video about covered calls, still kinda confused though lol I get you have to own 100 shares of the stock then I’m lost after that
Agreed
Brrr say the printer
I couldn’t find anyone posting a single position. It’s not even funny
🏆🏆🏆🏆
# 𓀐𓂸
Google is your friend.

Side note, why do people ask these fucking questions? You can find hours and hours of this shit being explained, by people much smarter than us, on the web.
they did ?? damn i better get in some calls monday
❤
[deleted]
Monday. Also waiting for airbnb
Italian
Ugh why can't pltr moon faster
You shouldn't take over an hour to respond to your own grandmother.
Ahh yeah haha I’ve def experienced it many times and didn’t realize until recently what it was but this def helps explain the details of it much more. Basically all I knew was I had contracts that weren’t moving at all even when the stock was moving a lot. But I had so much money in them I still made a decent bit compared to what I make at work lol. I guess I’ll prob just sit this one out. Thanks for the knowledge though! Good luck.
Hmmm in a way it makes sense. I’ll be curious to know how things will unfold. GL man, if you have any positions.
>brk.a

just buy brk.b
It's a short squeeze you buffoon. Andrew left is a converted tesla bull. I guarantee a run up these upcoming days.
wtf is PSTH supposed to be? stripe? sorry I'm out of da loop
Thanks friend
So 2 bears walk into a bar...
Yeah I'm thinking I will just be shorting puts for earnings. I like to keep it simple.
Exactly. She said it was an accident, she’s not like that at all. 

Hmmm 🤨, I’m pretty sure she doesn’t know herself well enough 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
122k canadian is like what, $1500 USD?
I don't want no bear on me. I'm a bull all the way
Apple tends to slowly trend up during holidays. This should take us to $140 by the end of the year.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What do you mean what do I mean
I second this. Use ib. I had no luck with td neither, multiple times account blown up. Bad luck? Or I’m a retard? Nah. Something fishy with them. Same strategy with ib and started making greens.
[deleted]
I was considering
Don’t fuck me on Monday solo!
Gay ass bears o
Me too, because I can’t trade options here I decided to go for a beautiful x5 leverage
I’m a bull. Was just trying to get an award from the choad passin them out to bears
**Whoever is reading this, I hope you double your money next week**
No thanks
this shit is more stable than the us dollar i swear it moves 5 cents a day
Well damn lol
[deleted]
Best case for my BA & SPY puts
we going UP
If we keep pumping because the data is later in the week I'm probably just going to sell everything but my lotto positions. Honestly, probably on monday eod. I feel like there's too much risk of holding into the announcement if the market has more time to juice up.
The fact that 99% are long on NIO 

And big players bought the dip on Friday tells you all you need to know 

https://fintel.io/sob/us/nio
You know it baby free money
Well I’m assuming the market will just keep ripping. Next day options on spy load up on a little OTM Calls and pray for futures going your way
Burry and Cohen increased their positions these fuckers are up to something and it’s making me rock hard
On Road trips you will rest overnight  every 300 miles to charge it?
Let me venmo you 50 bucks and hit me up when it’s a million
"probably" 😂
What’s the play?
[deleted]
Why
Good old GNUS times, it still has dedicated bagholders.
Why not both?
CYRX?
F
I don’t want bear award! I’m a bull, not an animal!
Literally bull are fuk. Bear gang $$$$$
The intraday hit $59ish on Kodak.
Lmk in a month how much money you lost.
Common issue with the X that Apple will fix for free, multi touch issue with the screen
[deleted]
Doordash ipo, I'll go with a 1/3 loss within 3 days of ipo
They moved their anniversary sale to this quarter too and that’s a massive event. The power of Becky is compelling.
Poor people buy fractional shares... >\_>
PLTR gang checking in. Fuck GME gang
Yea how do I become a 50/50 trader.  My ratio is 1/100
[deleted]
You were gay for 3hr and 30 minutes, congratulations
I too like to buy high and sell low
Now that election is over, how would you do it?
i think u forgot to mention gay
Workday or Intuit for ER play?
Illegal stuff is probably happening in the stonks market and we might never know.
I like my drugs in a syringe
They went parabolic before earnings
So *that’s* what DD means.
maybe i’ll meet him
To understand the answer to this question, you should learn what intrinsic vs extrinsic value is. 

IV (among other things) is built in to the option as extrinsic value. Earnings is a binary event that will be telling of if IV was "correct" or not in its assumption. If, after earnings, IV was wrong and the stock didn't move as much as it said it would, much of that extrinsic value will be immediately stripped away from the option. This is IV crush.
Long hard and full of sea men
Waiting for earnings report on December 🚀🚀🚀
PFE $50 EOY
Bears in shambles from spending so much Reddit coin
Who wants to land a 10 bagger this month?
[deleted]
Thanks for giving me a post-hoc rationalization for my retarded trading decisions!
Literally every girl has said “I’m not that type of girl” or “i don’t usually do this.”   And yes, they are that type of girl and they do that all the time.
Easy, turn 2k into 50k, pull out everything except for 2k, then repeat until you're a billionaire.
well its already know the merge is (with high probability) happening. Im not expert but arent those things already priced in? The price hasnt moved at all last weeks, which is weird...

However, I am extremely bullish on MNTS, but salty as well, since i cant buy warrants
On Monday we should pump on "hopes of a vaccine pump" later in the week. 

If everybody expects Moderna pump by Friday, everyone will load up on stonks all week.
Doesn't need to be proven if the CCP like it. CCP  like NIO as the next TSLA.
gap up Monday then flattish until the regulation talks settle
they might do better than expected. nordstrom rack and online sales. a lot of people betting a huge short squeeze (GME style)
i’m down
Yep, the less hype Tesla get the healthier. No every next “Tesla” is worthy of being called the next “Tesla”. Papa Elon alone is worth couple hundred billion let alone the IPs they have. Nio is decent company but they basically buys everything and let JAC manufacture for them
Technically this is how all stocks are. Just cause I own 100 shares of amd doesn't mean I'll be attending any board meetings to help make any decisions RETARD!
Lance Stroll 😲
[deleted]
🧸🐻
[deleted]
Accidentally shorted Fastly, had 8 $100p about to expire worthless when it tanked and minted me 8k overnight
You play SPY FDs... week before the election 2k turned into 50k, catch a 3% down day with puts, then re roll and catch yourself another 15k when it hits -1.5% the next day. Then buy 0 DTE on Friday and watch shorts fill at the last hour instead of dumping to go to zero.
Thats what im seeing bubba.
anyone getting in HD for earnings ?
It’s an EV stock how can you go wrong
Imagine if this guy had 10k instead of 2k. Sheeeesh
Aright then. Gimme a call to YOLO and I'll help out. Nothing too safe but kinda possible.
That's fine too. You should look up what "implied move" is. The options on the options chain tell a story, of how much people believe it will move +/-. Seeing how much people are willing to pay can tell us what people expect this to move.
Hi
These posts are good to see - its easy for retards to come in here look at a couple of NIO/TSLA yolos and think wow why aren't I doing that. The reality is majority lose money like this guy - the idea that you can time the market or have any idea when/if these meme stocks will go up is ridiculous. The current Chinese EV wave is pure meme hype and has no basis in reality - but if there are enough of us buying it then 'reality' doesn't matter.
This shit China EV company going to tank so hard Monday, MM and China going to dump so damn fast we all will be left holding bags that are so heavy the damage will be irreversible. MM I’m talking to you... do the right thing
'Nobody tell him' bot keeping busy
🤡
Nice gay bear
🐻🐻🐻
Mondays are (almost) always green.
Data?
my favorite exp date right now is Feb 19th

for a successful weekly play we have to either frontrun everyone or wait for a flash crash after open, it could run high in the premarket, if it does it will probably drill at open, thats when i'll buy weeklies...

13.50 and \~15 are pretty solid support, but we might not even see it drop that low again
I dont even remember tbh. I think I YOLO’d on some Tesla calls & got fucked in the ass for 3 days straight
May I ask wha tyou do for a living?>
PLTR
Bear season total landscaping
Why do you need proof lol
[deleted]
All will be well soon
hey thanks :)
A human
Either way the batteries don't last forever just like in a phone you notice the charge don't last after the first year.... So why tf not at least know your cost a f\*\*\*\*  a battery replacement is 6-8k brand new then lets start with charging time of 40-80 minutes? Who tf has that time? Change tf battery!!!!
Ugly, old, fat, poor and bald
EV
Judging from your award,  something to do with bears.
Baba gap up next week? Trump conceding looks more likely by the day..Biden will make China bulletproof..
How the hell do people make such huge gains in options how do they work. Why do people get like 8000% returns a day.
🍀
Yes, no, but possibly maybe
Good luck to you as well, brother.
It's not a loan.... it's a 401k cash out.  He's trying to take the max of 100k out for a house down payment.
I am trying to capitalize on both sides of the mispriced vol, while giving myself upwards protection and gain too. I am trying to maximize the EV in the light gray area (+/- 1STDEV), where I think the ending underlying price will be at.
One of us! One of us!
Baba $270 then $230 then only up from there
What’s with this gay bear award?
[deleted]
How do you go from 1k to 50k ?
[Trump will remain President-elect... Biden’s greatest obstacle even after he takes office](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/14/op-ed-trump-will-remain-president-elect-bidens-greatest-obstacle-even-after-he-takes-office.html)
Name this animal: I'm big and hairy and eat fish.
the fuck is up with JWN -- who the hell expects them to beat earnings?
financial anal-yst
Someone confirm my bias 
Will spy puts print Monday
I haven’t nutted in 14 days. I am the definition of will power
Winter hellscape for 4 months and proximity to Indiana and Ohio.
The
[deleted]
Human trials on the old first. Puts on nursing homes.
[deleted]
Who dat. 🙏
🐻🐂
Neither
Why the awards though?
About to trip acid in the woods and pray to whatever god will hear me for Billy Ackman to fucking announce a merger for PSTH
Beary cool, beary legal
Also I was prob gonna sell my calls the day before earnings assuming there’s a run up this week. If I had like 10k in itm leaps I would have less iv and even like a 10-20 percent gain would be okay with me.
Low cap
Weekend dow is -0.2%. That's obvious circuit breakers Monday.
Guys - tomorrow I’m gonna post my DD on a company that actually benefits from all the COVID deaths (as morbid as it sounds)

Take a guess what industry it’s in
You're missing out. Selling covered calls and cash secured puts = theta gang. See also, wheel strategy. It's how you can buy stocks cheaper than the underlying is currently trading.
Big institutions have always been part of pump and dumps.

Heck i have seen hundreds of mils being thrown around like nothing for some garbage ass just made up penny stocks.

This argument does you no favor.
Wait no way revenue is that high you either got NIO’s or Tesla’s revenue wrong. Tesla has ten times the delivery number compare to Nio in q3.
Try southwest Iowa lol.
[deleted]
Is the date set for April?

Everything you wrote sounds super bullish.
Yes. ITM calls will be IV crushed as well.
It's a savings account performance with a vegas touch
imagine
These little SOLO cars could be big. Everyone in Chicago talking about how owning a car is a pain in the ass. Perhaps much easier to drive the Solo in cities. Saved parking costs, fuel, etc.
With retirement plans like these better hope those are the golden years
I can make 2k into 50k in a week, then I lose it in a day.
Not so sure how having the ability to lose all your money is a gift, but do you
What job?
Home prices look pretty cheap in Michigan even outside of Detroit, almost at the same level as states like Alabama and Mississippi. What gives?

It might be one of my retirement states if it stays this cheap.
[deleted]
Lol I haven’t done coke in years, and I sold my NIO calls last Wednesday. Cheers to healthy living
Grrrrr say the bear
 It worked, I feel better now
Godspeed bro
congrats on the yolo. but your current positions are going to bankrupt you monday. spy gonna gap up to 370. the whole week spy was forming a bullish flag and we are starting the melt up.
What'd you bet on 18k?
at $20-$21 then buy higher strikes
[deleted]
damn all this covid news is going to really catch the market off guard 🙄
Omgg the award god is here again.. can i get one too?
RemindMe! Two days
Top response on that is savage
A call credit spread is a bearish position, limited upside but limited downside as well. It’s a positive theta strategy, so even if SPY stays flat (where my puts will lose value) I will make money from the theta decay on the call spreads.
I doubt I'd invite a stranger redditor to my new place lol but come on down best weather around that time
Fair. GL with your trade! Very bullish on SE as well.
Yup basically why I like RH😫
Haha so itm calls wouldn’t even work if they were to move even like 2-3 percent? Im not looking for even something crazy like a 5-10 bagger.
She was just trying to tell you she wanted to get straight to the point.
futures is the best
It's all good!
Hey guys
[deleted]
Man I try to get into the WSB discord but that shit is actually retarded/cancer 

These daily threads are still king imo
Obama
I know employees at Palo Alto networks. They’re going to kill earnings.
Lol
Amen to that
Mostly agree but they seem to be prioritizing it for the first time. The last couple of earnings calls have said as much. It won't die slowly like the other 28,748 promising projects they botched.
Bear award
Youre 25 in Canada with 120k.. we all know that came from daddy. Just go ask for more
One could even say it was.. luckin brutal.
Get flexible real quick.
The bear thing is a sign. SPY 500.
Yes. You are wishing for no movement at all or movement upwards. This is a strategy that will be profit from IV crush.
Everybody acting like vaccines will be out next week.

If COVID hasn't already killed them off by then, the earliest vaccines will get prioritized to the old folks maybe late winter or early spring 2021. Everybody that hasn't already done so will throw their masks in the trash when that happens and revel their victory over COVID by breathing on each other in close quarters, ensuring a shit-tastic 4th wave of COVID in the US before even a fraction of the US population can get vaccinated.

The vaccine is in a neck-to-neck race with stupidly avoidable rampant infection towards herd immunity, and my money is on stupidity winning that race.
IM SWITCHING TO A 🐻 NOW
Make more money, then more, then more. The thing is, if I manage to make good returns, I dont see myself stopping until 7 digits (the likelihood of this happening is probably somewhat like 0.0001%). Why would I stop if i can generate good returns until i can legitimately just buy a house and not worry about my life?

If i lose too much money i guess ill try to stop.
I just googled cheap house in oregon and apparently it gets much more godforsaken than wherever you’re at
I’m like 75% Tesla, and like 5% nio. But the argument you make can be refuted by the fact that there’s an obscene amount of demand in China, and the world for EV’s that there’s room for growth as fast as they can produce for atleast the next 10 years
The margin was razor thin between Bush and Gore, there aren't even enough states that qualify for a recount to flip in Trump's favor. Take the L baby boy
Had
Shhh, autistic don’t care any of this, they just want the next “Tesla” to go parabolic
>4 months and zero return...


Well don't buy the top and you won't have this problem
WHO IS GIVING BEAR AWARDS, IM A BULL
No doubt no doubt. My point is that people act like he is Tony Stark who actually was the smartest guy in the room. But Elon is just a guy that dances goofy and knows how to find smart people to leverage, but people revere him like he is a genius.
there's at least 1 penny stock that runs that much or more each week
texas, but not for long if those cali fucks move there
Yes, I am hoping so too.
sell at open or what
The market makers thank you for your money
It’s always the “I’m not that type of girl” that will
It’s the REAL Dow, much better than the week Dow.
MMs handing out bear awards to make sure you lose your money on puts.
[deleted]
I love how seeing influential this cluster fuck of retards is
Can't buy a toilet here in Toronto
[removed]
King
nothing is stopping you from trading futures too
30+ = golden years.

lol
I doubt it can go lower, its the Amazon of China
All girls say the same thing. It is all a performance - especially girls on apps
I would add that ride hailing is fundamentally a race to the bottom business. There is no technical moat. The only differentiators are brand and vehicle density. The lack of margins makes it hard to pay all these lawyers.
[removed]
so she was right, no need to get a room
Yes, you can purchase more puts at the bottom to flatten the risk. I just have a very bullish view on $SE and the industry space that it is in.
Thank you for sharing. But man you are only 25 years old so that means you still have a lifetime to do savings. Like many other people here commented, put your money in slow earning, stable stocks and let it sit for years. Don' t try to time the market because that 's just (as you say) gambling, nothing else. It's a harsh lesson but sometimes a lesson is learned only from personal experience. Just don't fall back into the habit and I m sure you will do fine in your life!
f
[deleted]
Can you explain your spy puts and calls?
Yeah well the four mile hike with a joint at the end is a genuine high like my nio puts... healthy decision now your cocaine and weight lifting sounds like your the type of dude that kept nio calls over the week end I pray for you my autist brotha
Decided to buy in on Friday, already up. It Will go to 5 easily on monday
I didn’t read but I scrolled through and saw a picture of a hummingbird and that’s my favorite kind of bird.

I’m in
i thought i was looking at someone’s EKG.
I’ll take rate over volume any day. If I’m NIO a luxury ev maker and Tesla comes to town and tries to cut rate let em. All it does is boost the relevance of the industry as a whole. Also if your a Chinese consumer, your probably gonna by Chinese brand. From a nationalist stand point we love to buy American. I hear it all the time in my industry from boomers. Think maybe Chinese nationals have that same conversation? Buy Chinese don’t buy that oversees shit? I’m willing to bet they do. There’s a lot of consumers in China. Based on their government which one do you think will get the support? I’m not saying Tesla won’t be successful, I’m just stating their presence does nothing but boost their competition. And that’s why my NIO calls stay long.
Tesla is a bubble so is nio. But BYD is a smaller bubble.
What's with the Bear award
Boo
Nice

+ so, inverse for next week?
Futures, how MMs fuck you everynight.
I have that feeling again in my balls... Know what I mean?
I wanna get to a fuck you position
also let’s leave this dd up for one hour guys and then take this gem down
Daaaaaaa bears
As long as my wife’s boyfriend is happy, I’m happy.
I agree with everything you just said, which should scare the shit out of you
[deleted]
Go where the poors live. LA, MS, ID, WV, etc
not a elon dick rider but in reality smart people hire people that are smarter than them in certain areas
Perma bull (not options) because being a bear takes way too much patience.  Fuck sitting on lots of cash for months to years at a time.  Can be plenty patient once I get into something but watching my money inflate away not so much.
Not really. This is a very slow growing company. It started in 2003. If they do start to grow revenues fast, more competitors will come in.
Should print
Uhhh who tf is expecting it to pump? We saw what pfe did to the market. Smart money knows it’ll pump, because it’s expected to dump. Get with it;)
I asked this girl to meet me at the bar of a hotel, she said that she’s not that type of girl. She felt offended. 

Fucked her 2 days later in my car 🚗.🤦‍♂️
so nio calls ?
Damn that sucks.
this is giving me box spread ptsd and i’m loving it, could this spread be affected by iv crush of a flat response to earnings? Wouldn’t writing the 205c also cap gains?
He's probably Asian they always say that shit
Even itm strikes? Also, I don’t understand why they never do well on ER. I understand with covid, but I know most of Asia is open, my fiancé lives in Indonesia and I know shopee and free fire are huge there. I would like to imagine with Indonesia mostly open, biz is back to normal, the company should be profitable this quarter?
🤣
Holding them overnight? You are fucked man. Like really really fucked
Arkansas
I’m long as fuck. You just gave me a fucking sigh of relief for the weekend😌

NIO to $300 by 2024
Whaaaa? Dude can sing his ass off, I seriously hope he is okay 🙏
[deleted]
Should I play the new CoD or study for my finals?
Holy shit. They could literally pump Solo to 12 by open before the rug pull
That’s because it’s not a car...it’s a computer on wheels.  Hence the ufo
To the retard that downvoted this first: you’re poor, fuck off.
Please don't tell us that it's the only way your FDs make it ITM.
By doing so, you have virtually no protection from a down move. Your short call and long put won't do very much since your trade has a +delta of like 170. If you're that bullish I don't see any point in doing an iron condor at all.

To be clear. I agree with you that we won't see SE move $25. I just think you're misusing capital.
I am disappoint
Alexa, play "What hurts the most -- Rascal Flatts"
Take a seat back and learn about investment strategies.
GME GANGGANG
🇨🇳
This so hard. Or rather, soft
Who?
Is RH really the only broker that lets you use your instant deposit on options? Fidelity & Webull both told me to go fuck myself
Bro that chart looks like my portfolio

- whomever dropped that reward probably buys high and sells low just sayin
[deleted]
[deleted]
Comments and titles for the past 175 hot posts. I think it goes back around 3 weeks, and it collected about 9750 comments for this graph
Same here and now I make money!
i got 4 30 minute interviews on monday. kinda excited but also a little nervous
AHT last Monday
Why is 82.5 bad? It’s 81.5 now?
Alright, will try meth and then not do meth to prove that I’m a chad
Nah bro all my homies listening to Ed Perimeter over Debbie Dingle.
[deleted]
Going to be so green monday. SPY 360 going to get blasted
Damn - that’s brutal

Never gamble on Chinese companies. They are either frauds or controlled by the CCP 

Either way it is a bad idea
KODK in July 28-29

7.94 to 33.20
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327722957284716544?s=19

Singer Jeremih, who is suffering from COVID-19, is now on a ventilator in the ICU - TMZ
Not if you have puts
No idea about the majority of these companies
NASDAQ:PSTI, April 6-15... about a week.
Dumbass kid go back to finger painting
Really good, I like to use the wide format for dick pics because it makes it look bigger
Buy low sell high
Doesn't matter if you followed shittron you missed on out SHOP TSLA FB.  Life freeing investments from enslavement.
do you think the beef between jack ma and xi could be bad for all chinese stocks?
Many times
[deleted]
that’s a good plan, I have 110 shares at a similar price. I was planning on trying to get some gains off nwbo and feed all of that into my pltr position
thanks brother, best of luck to us.
I might be your neighbor then.  Dog and guns crew, also, along with everyone around me.
Bro CNK got me so hard. And I had PFE calls so I nutted big time.
What do you mean
Guys, I had a nightmare that I want to share with you all.


I was tied up with my fellow bears hanging above fire and there were bulls chanting all around us, as we all were screaming I tried to look at the bulls for mercy but got lost in the blackness of their eyes...they started chanting “it’s priced in...it was always priced in” as they started cutting me.
I let out a final GUH, and then woke up.
[deleted]
Over what time period?
[deleted]
Relatively speaking, you’re not wrong. However look at the share prices. From a RH investor stand point, $44 for NIO is more enticing then the $1800-2100  during TSLA surge with premiums relatively cheaper for calls. TSLA calls were similar to AMZN during the run up.
Catch retail in the butthole
4 miles is 6.44 km
How’s camera
Fuck me, 4 miles of hiking for a key bump?? I actually get a slightly similar sensation when I am lifting as opposed to running. I am only jogging a little under a mile a day though so maybe that’s why I am not experiencing any of the euphoria
How much did you have at the bottom?
You were playing with fire. Massive run up on it's way.
FPRX this week
[deleted]
If any have it would most likely be a penny stock
Other way around
Step 1 - open a Robinhood account

Step 2 - select the "I think the price will go up (or down)" button. (Pro tip: let the memes do your picking).

Step 3 - stare at your screen until your battery is about to die.

Step 4 - take a screenshot and post your results.

Step 5 - if you made money, repeat step 2

Step 6 - Apply for a loan and repeat step 2

Step 7 - If nobody is willing to give you any more money, recruit a friend for the free stock.  Sell that stock.  Go to step 2.
Probably some pump and dump nickel stonks
Volkswagen I think
I just buy and hope it goes up. Have no idea what the fuck I’m doing. Also what the actual fuck is covered calls
I personally dont invest in options and I thought I was stupid and should learn more but thanks bro now I will never need to study options again. Yay? Oh btw a safe high return stock is $GINN by goldman sachs. I am going to yolo my entire portfolio in $SNPR warrants. Wish me luck hopefully I end up in the opposite direction of you. But bro I have faith in you. Dont forget Soft bank CEO lost like 1.34 billion dollars. So you got this. In the future I want to see a new millionaire and I want that to be you.
Yea
My mother bought AAPL when it was in all the splits  about  0.19 cost basis.
If it helps I bought puts 4 minutes after the high candle and sold about an hour later
How about that guy whose wife thought he was making steady and conservative investment decisions, when in reality he went all in on LK calls and lost it all. 

Then he ran screaming into a coffee shop, and dumped hot coffee on his dick.
penny stocks. iv seen aytu up 377% up in a day in march
Kodak did close to 2000% that one day.
There are people who go through life without doing meth, imagine their will power
That was my plan. If other countries and whole states start going and the VIX spikes, sell enough contracts to get my initial investment back and let the others ride
It is modest, but...with all the insane gains that have happened since April...I would expect more since April on a good account, at "least" 100% gain in our current market...
“Advise” lmfao go back to school.
1B buyback is already in affect and pushing out the institutions shorting it. The institutions spent a ton the last couple days to hold it down. They’re going to run it.
Already got in at 262
I feel you bro. Sitting on 15 shares at $15.07. On Monday if it hits $16.50 I’m adding another 15 shares. If it hits <$15 I’m adding another 25
Back in March it seemed like Mac n cheese was the first to go in my grocery store.  I haven’t had Mac n cheese in years but the fact that it was completely gone made me wanna have some. And i couldn’t get any
Amazing how you didn’t include any car emoji for Tesla
GYNA
No problem at all, it's better to start with the basic strategies and then move upwards from there. I would not recommend buying calls since you are very likely to be IV crushed. If $SE even moves +10% or less, your calls will be near worthless the next day.
Update to my last post, I’ve added a sentiment calculation using vaderSentiment. It’s the average sentiment of each comment a specific stock is mentioned in. 

More specifically, I use polarity_scores and take the average of the compound score across each comment a given ticker is mentioned in.
Has any stock ever done 200 % increase in a day ?
i don’t think elon knows what’s up
I scalp futures but I do think there will be a pull back soon. Just waiting to see if SPY can get back around 263.
God speed but I think your going to only get that premium
Last earnings was forecasted at 3.51B revenue, -1.7EPS
Actual was 3.72B with -1.15EPS

This earnings forecast is 4.37B revenue with -1.23 EPS


To give you some comparison GM had earnings of 35B revenue and 2.83EPS and they are at $41 per share. 

Tesla earnings was 8.7B with .76EPS and theyre at $408 per share. 

Maybe that helps some.
I considered electrician or welder myself.
Hope he took it in the BABA beforehand
Why is a short squeeze coming?
the slave child who made it cut a corner on the production line.
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-16 21:17:59 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-16%2021:17:59%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju93ze/seriously_how_high/gcagzfy/?context=3)

[**3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju93ze%2Fseriously_how_high%2Fgcagzfy%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-16%2021%3A17%3A59%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju93ze)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Free is free.
[deleted]
Yeah wouldn't go long on INTC but worked long enough in semiconductor industry to not have guts to bet against them.  Do seem to have a bit of IBM dinosaur syndrome lately though.
[deleted]
Who needs rocket science?  Everyone's hyping Nio into a self fulfilling prophecy one way or another.  No one wants to miss the next TSLA.
Yes
It's called gambling. You'll find the same thing in a casino, full of (primarily) losers.
I suppose you're right. Not exactly important to myself either but it is something to get up before dawn and go roam around in the woods.
Literally the definition of a leader lol
Hopefully didn’t hold through the weekend cause Monday 🚀🚀🚀
Can't believe there is limited talk about Sputnik V being 92% effective compared to Pzifer's 90%. Long ERUS comrades
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gveon3/ive_lost_240k_on_luckin_coffee_all_my_life/

his original post
RemindMe! Two days

Betting my life savings on this
K

Here let me edit this one:  YOU’RE STILL AN IDIOT FOR THAT TAKE
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tiger king season 2 trailer gonna drop soon
Just think, if you did the opposite it would be multiples bigger.
[removed]
20 years to double, so the stock market is better.
Is this from pornhub stocks?
Get a bidget.
“As long as u have a warm asshole 

U can always make money” - mugabe
The most I snorted was 4g in one day and it was cocaine
It’s priced in pussy
dont know if any of you OG's was here from the luckin coffee days. payin tribute do this fkn legend right here. mfer went on the news with a username like that. fkn no shame in that. 

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/reddit-wallstreetbets-trader-lost-life-savings-luckin-coffee-stock-decline-2020-6-1029281054
it was me
Ok. Makes sense. Haha I would need to prob paper trade iron condors to understand them better. I’ve watched videos on them but like I said, I’ve only been trading since august.
Was my first 500%
Meme SOLO this week then we can dump it
Have you ever watched his interviews? Dude is no idiot by any stretch. 

Eccentric? Fuck yes.
Just sell nio weeklies for a long time it’ll all be back eventually
4 Os Dumbo r/woooosh
“Just stop” 

Someone get this fuck a Nobel peace prize, this dude ended drug addiction
Here’s the meme that started it all:

"small-souled bugman" implies that the person has been cut off from their cultural roots, and totally subsumed into consumerist neoliberal hive. they are totally lack any sort of sympathy for their ancestors folkways, higher spirituality, or passion. if they do engage in activities that are somewhat human, they still are heavily tinged by global capitalism. if they are a sportsfan, they will participate heavily in fantasy sports(which is obsessed with statistics, 'scientific' analysis of performance). if they exercise, it will be all cardio, and tracked by fitbit and then uploaded to faceberg. tastes in food, art, music, movies are predetermined by review aggregator sites like yelp, metacritic or rotten tomatoes. political views only appeal to them if they seem 'rational,' and derived from the sort of conventional wisdom, economics influenced worldview seen in works like 'moneyball', nate silver's 538 blog, and 'freakonomics.'

more characteristics of bugmen: probably works in a fortune 500 corporate environment, at least has bachelors from decent flagship university, is the type of person that would buy amazon echo and still use it after a month, talks regularly about netflix and prestige cable shows like game of thrones to 'break the ice,' member of at least one subscription service like blue apron or birchbox, has strong opinions on craft beer. they engage in artisinal manhood where masculinity is defined by consumer choices(only SINGLE BLEND scotch whiskey, cigars, vintage safety razors.) think of obama on the few occasions when he would 'present masculine'(e.g. when he would go on ESPN to banter with sportscenter hosts about his march madness bracket.) an impenetrable milquetoast fuckwit who is totally empty once you remove the sum-total of his consumer choices, social signalling.

In this case, I just mean a shitty desk job that enables a life of consumption and little else lol
[removed]
What you mean learns from smart people ? Never been done before ... 🤦🏻‍♂️
Cuz Mank looks dope af
agreed. bought 3 45c exp 1/2022 @ $14. it peaked the other day at nearly $24. currently sitting at $17. getem
So inverse everything he just said. Or just buy QQQ calls after the pullback
[deleted]
Nice.  Bet against fun.  I like it lol.
This.  You don't want to die without some good scars.
Advice
Lol you swung and missed on every thing you just assumed about me but nice try. I learned a long time ago to not waste empathy on people who put themselves into their own situations. Was I off about the interest rate of your loans yes. But that’s about it. There are plenty of ways to get educated without spending a fortune. You chose the latter. Why should I feel this deep empathy for you.
You lose money constantly buying shit far OTM. You have to put in $500+ on something more ITM or ATM on a dip and sell accordingly.
So scared I'm going to end up buying the top 😨
think you spelled PLTR wrong
*takes out a student loan*
Everybody is expecting the market to pump on moderna news Monday, so it’s gonna do the exact opposite huh
Buy BXRX stocks and wait a bit
Spy 0dte
My bad, I thought you were a mod
[deleted]
Since April?  Ban.  No positions? Ban.  Misspelled advice? Ban.
This already exists, believe it or not... Quiver Quantitative in LEAN
I'm selling calls, too. However I want to protect against "moon" risk and going negative since I am selling calls @ 205. Hence, the shares keep me positive due to their higher delta.
You should try it, the first one is free.
**Defaulted to one day.**

I will be messaging you on [**2020-11-15 21:15:05 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-15%2021:15:05%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju2c2j/nio_is_a_scam_do_not_trust_the_ccp/gcaglv3/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju2c2j%2Fnio_is_a_scam_do_not_trust_the_ccp%2Fgcaglv3%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-15%2021%3A15%3A05%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju2c2j)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Peep my positions in the post. Should you hold through earnings? No
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Rick420- the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Puts will print
Yes this is correct keep doing
You get numb to it

 
Adderal for the day 

Ambien for the night
[removed]
Six mother fucking Flags baby
Let me know what your next buy is.
Gather 'round children. This DD may very well save your life!

* Get out of the recovery trades with any moderna vaccine pump. Overbought and the winter is going to be rough with hospitalizations. While markets are fwd-looking, the vaccine halo will wear off and put downward pressure on the recovery plays. Buy again at the lows around Jan/Feb for the spring/vaccine distribution boost and sustained recovery.
* Buy CHINA stonks (CWEB is my favorite -- BABA and JD if you want to buy options) -- beaten down and Rona proof. China is in the best position of all major economies. Even with the China discount, china tech has major risk/reward upside heading into 2021.

&#x200B;

Sources:

* [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dalio-says-now-special-moment-061048077.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dalio-says-now-special-moment-061048077.html)
* My smooth brain
Look, he's talking about a real addiction here. Not some made up meth or heroin addiction.

If it can happen to Tiger Woods and multiple presidents it can happen to snyone.. with some money.. or an internet connection.
Chinese boomer, completely different from a boomer. Chances are they were born extremely poor in a village. China was a 3rd world not very long ago.
Ban only $2k
TJX long is attractive to me
💀💀😂😂😂
[The myth of genius](https://youtu.be/6RhOUup8epA)
Just do it. It's just a job
He may accept that Biden will be the new president, but he will never concede. He will say it it's rigged and stolen from him until his dying day.
God damn all this COVID news .. his we red Monday
Long expirations won't get hit as hard, but you will still see a dip if it underperforms.
Seems healthy
Daily reminder that NKLA is still pumping while the SEC investigates fraud, lawyers are preparing securities class actions, and 2 grand juries have issued subpoenas to Milton and other insiders.
[removed]
If I told you that $SE will not move at all (0% vol), would you want to purchase an option? You wouldn't, since you would be paying a premium that captures no upside gain.
Trying to fuck management yay or nay? I just want to eat her fat ass.
Well my friend I have done a lot of cocaine and a lot of hiking up mountains and I can tell you after a 4 mile 40 degree angle hike up a mountain you have all the same symptoms of doing a smaller amount of cocaine now if you do a lot well that’s a different place that in my opinion is not that enjoyable
You are assuming I am a moral person to assume I meant that as a bad thing.
How low does BABA have to go for y’all to go all in?
🇨🇳📈🚀🚀🌔
Did you make most of your money from trading?
[deleted]
Average house price in the US doubled since 2000.
[removed]
life uh, finds a way
Yeah. Clearly.
Def worth a lotto ticket or two i'd say
[removed]
Frame this post. Most people lack this wisdom.
Don’t short too often so it’s always been SPY and occasionally QQQ
I normally would say RIP but NIO ended at half a billion shares traded on Friday. That’s ridiculous. ER is Tuesday AH so you can bet we will see that “top” price again Monday or Tuesday.
Looks like he bought for the meme and also for that quick 80k 😂
Whew I’m not
Weekend dow bearish.
I understand what a call spread is. But the point of the long call of the spread is to define your risk. You're doubling your positive delta exposure by purchasing shares AND the long call. Which seems counterintuitive to what you want out of an iron condor.
How much money do you need to get that loan?
what makes you think there's going to be a selloff?
It’s an abbreviation for ‘sincerely’ in Finnish I think
N.i.o.o.o (sung like J.e.l.l.o)
Printer goes brrr

Calls on spy 

Puts if you wanna lose your booty like me
Not all heroes wear capes
I feel like it may have a good chance to give u profit if you’re expecting a lockdown which is highly likely BUT it’s is VERY RISKY to hold because of course we don’t know and UVXY decays very fast so it’s up to u
[deleted]
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
join r/nofap 

completely unrelated but there was a wsb member username u/stopfap4ever who came out on the news. he lost a ton of money on LK and he was a europoor italian if i remember correctly
Theta and IV fuck you harder the closer you are. If you play earnings you should ATLEAST, get a week out expiration
My friend just cashed out and bought a Mustang, fuck that guy should have yolo'd and bought a lambo.
Date a 9 and end up not getting to fuck her by having an ED with no underlying physical condition.

Happened to me once and never looked back. Porn fucks your brain and you can't have real life sex in the long run and takes a long time to rewire your brain.
Fuck haha even with I had long exps? I know iv...haha I should’ve kept my calls the few days it dipped last week. I bought em a couple weeks ago but sold early. I don’t think iv was anywhere near what it is now.
Same
Lmao, so true
If Solo doesn’t pump PM, I should probably get out asap right guys ?
11/20 $21 Puts on PLUG. The stock always plummets after reaching a 52 week high
Reclined?
Bored so what's the most you made shorting and what did you short?  Just curious to hear success stories.  Horror stories easy to find lol.
PLTR stocks

RKT Short squeeze

SPCE short squeeze

SOLO for memes
Your grandma is buying stocks while mine doesn’t know how to turn the tv on.
CULTTTTT
Don't worry, I wasn't offended.

As hospitals fill with COVID, the ability to respond to "regular" emergencies will be undermined. Once car crash victims start dying in waiting rooms, or hot strokes go unseen for hours, or there are no ICU beds for new heart attacks, even republican governors will be forced to sing a different tune.

Regarding Biden's inauguration, this not being until Jan 20 actually serves my thesis well, because it gives enough time for this COVID hellscape to develop. As long as Trump is at the helm, this insidious bleed continues.

I could be wrong. If so, it will be clear by Dec 15. At that point, I'll abandon my position. Even if I'm right, I intend to sell it once it goes ATM anytime before mid-Feb.
Bro it’s all good it’s goin right back up this week
You said he was a fraud
You're surprised you haven't seen a deer hunting post on wall street bets? Deer hunting is important to a extremely small % of people.
KEKW
I did 10k at like 52.20 \^\^
11/27
I have way otm nio puts hoping for a payday
I’ll sell you my old X I need it for FDs

The screen keeps glitching out and being unresponsive like there’s water on the screen but there’s no water 

Happened a handful of times but I’ve only been using it for one day
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hope the Monday morning sell-off will be gentle enough to let me exit my calls
I’m down 4.7k all
Time and have about 4.3k left... any advice ?
thats all eh. if you made 6 figures in the march crash and kept it, you should be over a million right now. its no wonder, weed permanently lowers iq when u smoke it as a youth. u only made 10k when you had 100k, it was almost like a normal year in the stock market for u minus march

imagine making your priority weed during this epic market
Break your arms. You won’t be able to jerk it anymore
i live in the suburbs with dogs and guns
All in on NIO duh
Since you still want to collect premium off mispriced upwards movement. Selling puts is good, but selling call spreads can earn you 2x the premium if the move is within +/- 1 Standard Deviation
You'll never make it back doing the same thing you did to lose it.
I feel like Monday will be grindy, big money buying up big ‘cheap’ shares, and other people getting out even after buying the top too scared to hold. Then Tuesday everyone starts buying hard to sell off after earnings and starts squeezing shorts out on the ask with short sale restriction. My prediction of high on Tuesday is 65. Anything that pushes past that will make the sell off that much harder. I’m selling at 65 once it hits and waiting for the top to buy puts 😂 I will reroll a portion for long dated calls in case it keeps running and add if it drops.
Unless you’re on DMT
scion xb isn’t ugly
Did I say it was bad tho?
Yeah buddy that shit is going to 50 next year
RKT SHORT SQUEEZE COMING - GET IN THIS WEEK AND LOAD UP 12/18s $29c still cheap af and reasonable on a pop
Attaboy Trump, stimulus talks going well.
That was the First thing I did when I opened account that wasn’t the problem, i downloaded app opened account but my sell button wasn’t working, rh fixed it. They Updated it yesterday 😁
I’m arguing with my wife now in divorce court over child support and how I much I lost trading tsla options
Doubt it
Taking advice from smart people is not a bad thing lmaoo
Hell yeah brother.
Zero ramen at the two stores I go to.
[deleted]
Too kind. Lock a headset to their ears with 24/7 Leafblower on repeat play. Starts at 7AM Saturday, ends 8PM Friday, because I am not a monster.
No, what I am suggesting is shorting vol. If you are buying options then you want to see an extreme price movement (essentially, you are long vol).   


I am suggesting that you sell calls and puts, because they will be IV crushed (most likely, based on previous earnings). So, what you should do is sell vertical spreads (calls and puts) and hope they expire worthless.   


I would suggest looking at what an iron condor is: [https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/ironcondor.asp#:\~:text=An%20iron%20condor%20is%20an,volatility%20in%20the%20underlying%20asset](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/ironcondor.asp#:~:text=An%20iron%20condor%20is%20an,volatility%20in%20the%20underlying%20asset).
Google is notorious for failing big in cloud lol. They started roughly with MSFT but are way behind now
Before you edit your post, it is "you're".
But at least you are all clean inside!
[deleted]
like how? im about to buy one my iphone 8 keeps freezing.
Why? Who said
Yes I sold a put. I dont mind being assigned at this price. Might get buttfucked after earnings but hey hopefully it's not a shitty hold, and I keep the sweet premium.
Nice
Duo
Hmmm ok. But NIO also had a tremendous run recently as well right?
In retrospect, were there any warning signs that indicated you had a problem? It's probably a good idea for any active investor to keep an eye out for pathological trading behavior; you might help a few people here catch it before they go bust. Certainly I'd like to know for my own benefit.
Can’t tell if you’re serious lol
It's all good. Americans have been shitty to the Chinese, in particular this year, because of our leadership being the exact things you were assuming I was representing--xenophobic, nationalist, and isolationist. I understand why you would be quick to assume that I am no different, or someone who is just regurgitating talking points made by Shapiro and various other far-right sources.

Let's just hope that the outlook is different going forward.
[deleted]
[deleted]
t-test is significant based on what? What is the null assumption? That UBER is NOT statistically different than S&P?
Amen
If SE doesn't move at least 25 dollars on earnings you will lose money if you purchase options, no matter which direction. 

OP is selling options instead, expecting it to underperform IV. I wouldn't play this if you're unfamiliar with how this works.
They also work for FEMA and help public safety departments across the nation with disaster management. They have contracts with all of the five eye countries and help with Covid tracking also.
[deleted]
Remember the most recent Joker Film 🎥 ? At the end there was anarchy and rioting...America looking a bit like that with covid and these political marches just sayin
I have a fucking 30c 1/15 that I bought for shits and giggles. Might pan out.
Nio has far better quality than Tesla. No doubt. Check them out.  Ride in a tesla then ride in Nio.
Your an idiot
$40
As close as you can get it, in order to also take advantage of theta (closer to exp more theta), that and if  you manage to call the right move (selling puts on a good earnings and the stock moves up) its laughable sometimes to see these 2-400$ puts get reduced to 100$ on the open on a stock that is up the day after earnings.
She invested in pot too? She's the OG YOLO autist - respect!
I meant the whole moving to a new city where you know zero people, working 12 hour shifts, and damaging your lumbar spine
Then who
best way to learn is buying a couple cheap ones and when you lose money you’ll be curious to figure out why.
Calls exp 27th puts exp 20th
buy longer expiration dates
When you lose so much money you know you’ll never make it back
Or it might just not happen
Solid dd
> t. Person too cowardly to quit HIS meaningless bugman job to learn a trade lmao

what does that "t." mean?
I feel like elon musk is a fraud and doesn't know shit but he just repeats things smart people have told him

Edit: Mostly said this to see what replies I would get and the Elon simps came out in droves.
Only an autist would understand the clusterfuck of a sentence you produced
Epstein still didn't kill himself

😳
Just turn your phone upside-down.
That’s good though right?
I'm waiting until Monday morning to see what happens before I make any decisions.
BABA is the weirdest company. I literally cannot wrap my head around what the fuck Jack Ma and his financial designers have put together there. Finally it got too wild even for the CCP and they stepped in before the Ant IPO (or whatever that actually was supposed to be, I still can't figure it out).
should ALWAYS be worried about uvxy calls
Feels like its gonna be green af on Monday
One of the last non pc subreddits.. godspeed WSB
And then there was Tesla...
Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

5h ago

Congress must now do a Covid Relief Bill. Needs Democrats support. Make it big and focused. Get it done!
[deleted]
I got my 12 pro max yesterday and it sucks.

puts on 🍎
I think their main clients are agencies like NSA and CIA. Google facebook and all of them spy on us, yes but mainly to gauge engagement and sell targeted ads and push us into other private consuming behaviors. 
When Palantir does contracts for the NSA for instance, the main objective is completely different (*ask Edward Snowden*). I know PLTR is gonna do great probably as a stock in the future, but I wouldn't invest in it, just as I avoid investing in tobacco stocks and military equipment stocks and other social nuisance companies. That's just my personal boundaries
I'm sure Rich works you pretty hard after you married him.
[deleted]
Sick graph
Hope so, because he needs to know he's a fucking moron.
Me. I’ll lower it to 300 just meet me at the back of Wendy’s near the dumpster
[removed]
Wow you're still doing a lot better than I was when I was 25! Things only go up from here for you so keep your chin up.
You’re right. I’m sorry for saying fuck you. I think my gambling addiction came out hard on the FOMO for NIO. I was leveraged fine till I “had to buy the dip” Friday morning. 

I know this place is for fun but you giving legit advice is welcome and appreciated
What ur expiration
So pfizer was PrICeD iN??
Also highly highly recommend the whole book, chapter 6 is such a good preface to chapter 7, he talks a lot about their culture and the reversion to mean, where the mean is China has dominated the world a lot longer than the west throughout history
Apparently buyers outweighed sellers despite the fall in price on Friday
That is might presumptuous that you think I know how to trade!

Do you know where you are?
Probably alarmed if you are aligned with ST
2 sleeps to go!
Especially suspect how it was after LI and XPEV. It would be one thing if it came out last Monday. When you’re surpassing ATHs and something like that comes out, you’re foolish to think the reporter didn’t have a short position. 

Dude should be thrown in jail.
The mods are finally posting good DD again
You do not get the same high from running lol. That being said I highly recommend running and not doing cocaine.
I’m still pretty new to options. I was gonna buy atm calls first thing Monday, but wondering if I bought some puts to “hedge” against em. Shold I just use these strikes and exp for reference or what would you suggest? I have 2k or more to play with.
Market makers making their 1000th move everyday
Code a simple algo for frequency of stonks mentioned in this thread. Supply future liquidity for the most frequently mentioned stonks. Retire.
Senor covid
I was thinking the same thing.  Covid created the perfect market for this to be used and revenue decreased.  Something doesn't add up.  The only thing I can see is that its been a sellers market and their platform doesn't pay top dollar.
That’s what I was thinking
Calls on nio
More demand for u get them cheeks clapped
😂🤣😂 legendary post
Makes sense now. Thx
Microsoft and Nio.. pay attention
You're too smart for WSB bro, enjoy your tendies soon
Those EV credits will be phased out within 2 years in China. After that Nio/Xpeng will have to compete in price and features to Tesla. Tesla will be producing over half a million Teslas in China by the end of 2021.
I just wanna increase my shares
If you don’t beat the returns you could have earned in an S&P index fund, then you took a loss. *yes I know this is a joke, just pointing out that this is actually a loss of a couple grand
Just stop doing that?

It sounds like you need to figure out what you want to do next so start there.
There are no coincidences.
I’m nervous about my UVXY calls, but when I check ST, they’re all positive it’s going to keep crashing. Should I be alarmed or chill?
Good ole fuck you cash lol makes life a lot less stressful lol
Why buy the 210c if you already have the shares as your protection?
Yea but let’s be honest, I still remever early may when I was about to short the shit out of Tesla when it was at 958 or something... I understand it’s much more developed and secure but it kept going even surpassing double the that price. Not gonna say NIO will go up or down... This dif is that NIO is pushed through China and has developed technology Tesla simply struggles to do so (like the battery change etc). It may be worth around the late 30s but I in today’s markets stocks tend to move based on 5 year projections. I was shocked NIO got to 40 and it kept surprising us when it hit the 50 mark... wouldn’t rlly be surprised at this point if it touched 60 sooner or later this year
What’s your position ?
[deleted]
People think playing the stock market is easy.
These short traders manipulate  the market and make  easy money on the uneducated sheep.
$32
[deleted]
Not angry, just letting you know how ignorant you actually are you rascist, commie fascist
I'm with you, brother. May the Lord lead us to the promised land this week.
Earnings tues. This was timed with the euphoria. To cause panic.
Trump said it?
excited for the loss porn
How do we know YOU aren't MB and are trying to see if anyone cares that you're here?
Elon is tripping balls rn
This seems like a long term play.
No wonder the market makes no sense! Inverse common sense! 🚀🚀
The only time he was really up it went right back down to draw a middle finger for him 😂
Ya bro, sorry for being a dick last night, had a shit week and tired of hearing ppl indiscriminately shit on everything China because “communism bad”. Fact is China is pretty misunderstood, it’s a very diverse country, ppl like to group 1.4 billion ppl into a single easily digestible entity. Truth is, when there’s that many ppl, you will get more frauds and scams, but per capita wise, they have a lot less “criminals” than we do. I’m a long term bull on China, the number doesn’t lie, their education system is superior, they value a lot of things like universal health care, pensions, opportunities for younger generations that we completely shit on here in the US, I think there’s a lot we can learn from them, and they can learn a lot from us.
Aphria is a good company for sure always hitting number 1 across the board in Canada. Just think the growth of NIO has more potential and higher returns, considering they are trying to enter a brand new industry, where weed has been around for centuries.

Edit: aphria great for long term also, just there’s way to many cannabis companies
you know what, that is probably a strong play!
You will not find many stocks with a higher rsq on beta alone. 
The t-test is also significant.
[deleted]
You had your chance. No brakes until 100 now king
I doubled down. Feeling really good about it too. Too many emotional investors. All you have to do is read between the lines. Their was absolutely no reason For the report to be dropped on Friday when ER is Tuesday.
Deer hunting would be my guess.  

Or people hunting.
Think you're going to have to define "concede". Contrite admission that Biden won the election and a hale and hearty congratulations? LOL. Accidentally refer to Biden as president-elect? Maybe.
Would it have been a problem if you bought NIO calls instead and 10x?
Does have some room to grow.  Just seems like its focus kind of sucks lately thus the discount.
Rip man
Quit your meaningless bugman job and learn a trade. 

t. Person too cowardly to quit HIS meaningless bugman job to learn a trade lmao
I mean that’s true but TSLA ran up an extraordinate amount prior to that and has been around much longer than NIO.
What is sub?
Step two - read WSB to figure out your inverse plays.
who do I need to suck off to get spy at 300
[deleted]
Why stop at one more time. If I won $1000 off a $5 ticket. I would buy 200 more tickets so I can win $200000
when you know moderna is going to announce some vaccine monday and make the market sky rocket like pfizer did last monday, don’t tell him but he’s one day early
tfw you realize that supply and demand are memes from business school and the stock market actually responds to memes on the internet!
Thanks CoronaEraXpertTrader
I’ve had that same feeling for the past 8 weeks
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes
PENCILS DOooooohh shit it’s Saturday.......dammit.
Is SPCE hitting 30$ EOW?
You spelled regrats wrong
They are. Coincidence they mooned nio then dumped it? I think not
[deleted]
Elon pointed out that here very soon, the market capitalization from auto industry will be a laughing stock. 

Look at what he has planned for the future and why it will 10X his revenue, do you think he’s selling his cars at a freebie price just because of government subsidizes? NO. He’s making Tesla a house hold name similar to Amazon (Amazon prime) and then will launch a bunch of new services.

Oh now with your 36,000 car you can have it make you money while you’re working.

Oh you don’t want to take an hour or longer out of your day to get your car serviced? The car will drive itself into the automated Tesla facility and do all required maintenance billed to your Tesla account which was free because you made $400 this past month with the car taxi. 

Oh you’re some what of a good driver? Here’s Tesla insurance

Oh you got into an accident? Good thing we make and produce all of our parts and can operate an insurance company at OUTSTANDING rates. 

Oh you don’t want to spend $6000 one time fee for auto pilot? No worries, $15 a month

The list goes on and on and on and on.
r/ballers seems like your type of sub..
Im 100% here for this lol been waiting for even the slightest dd on SE
It never happened and at the end of the day GME is a pretty mediocre stonk.
Lmao you are a fucking smooth brain
I wanna open my own porn hub channel. My dream would come true.
Idk man. I'm taking the vaccine news with a truck load of salt. Not saying it won't work. But just feel we're still like a year or more away from it actually affecting events on the ground. 

Anyway, I think you're right tho. Maybe the optimism of this being surmountable in some way is enough for pandemic stocks to dip
Do you guys think Michael Burry visits this subreddit
It's is a bot's heaven in there. Unlimited amount of gullible noob traders looking for an edge. Shooting fish in a barrel.
Where do you see MSFT AAPL AMD come June 2021?
275 140 and 105
Damn your graph is green?? You must know what you’re doing, what stock should I buy on Monday??
What did the critics or short sellers ever do to you ?

You are not suppose to get emotionally attached to stock, especially some new over hyped pump and dumps.

None of you bought it on time, all of you bought it after it went up 2400%. So what i was saying is the more shady the company, the stronger short sellers will hit, its part of the game.

'' I’ve got too much fucking money stuck in NIO to buy anymore and this is me maxing out margin and praying to god NIO doesn’t tank anymore and robinhood margin calls me. I’m a fucking bull im just leveraged to shit. ''

You are asking for obvious to not obviously happen ? I honestly expected even stronger short sellers than Citron to enter the game.
[deleted]
Fill up a tub of melted chocolate, dive in. Coat yourself with sugar syrup and wait for it to harden. Fill up a tub with food dye a color of your choosing, dive in and wait. You’re an M&M
Citron shorted Nio in fears of it taking off on earnings. Now theres room for people to buy in and reap the rewards of earnings spike.
Right. I'm only thinking about Monday though with NIO's ER run up
Personally I like XPENG a lot
He'll concede when they taze his ass to get him out of the White House at 12:01 January 20 2021
Do it
who cares about earning numbers, they should be good. that's all that matters. $65-80 by tue
It's literally not over. Litigations and recounts. You realize bush v gore was flipped in the supreme court? You know who Bushes lawyers were? That's right, it was kavanaugh, who Kamala called a rapist, Gorusch, and ACB. Oh ya, and Biden called Clarence Thomas was called a 'rape ape' by biden back in the 80s. You are welcome for the history lesson you little retard.
He is theta dummy, he sold the put and is presumably okay with being assigned at 40 bucks per share x 100
No regerts
Because it’s going back up😅🤞🤞
My nigerian uncle can lend you the money for a small fee.
I'm just a guy from online who just made $$2400 profit from PUT options from nio yesterday. Also every Friday nio does sell off for the whole month. All I'm gonna say is that nio going to do a major pull back after earning around $38-$30. So that's my opinion. Please be my friend. I have none. :)
Literally my exact thoughts all day Friday. I’ll admit, should have averaged down after the trend wasn’t reversing around noon but I only lost unrealized gains. Still made over 100% last week.
Shhh. Thats when it will happen. They arent going to let every moron get rich, everyday it is delayed more and more people get out of it.
Okay this is retarded
If only I invested in Covid in april I would have had an insane 10 banger
You should go donate your antibody
Step one - Open a bank.
Just buy spy calls
Please
love it, you’re going long for a bull case and want to inverse so post this beer case
Your last line. I need this type of clarity of mind.

But again, I thought the same for TSLA battery day/ER run up, which didn’t happen and got fucked.
Battery supply chain will completely dominate the space, and basically only Tesla is now poised well enough with production capacity and raw material supply to meet the demand that they largely created in the market.  New automakers and legacy auto will have to pick and choose what to focus on, because they either have split priorities (gas + electric manufacture), or not enough of the huge amount of cash necessary to rapidly build out capacity/tech/etc.

$TSLA calls people.  Papa may not understand how subjective DNA testing can be, but the guy is a stone cold killer in any market he decides to create.
Why
Looks like you need $6600
Not OP but thank you. How close is close-to-earnings strike date? One week? One month?
It's simple, when almost all posts were NIO 2 weeks ago that was your time to buy calls if u missed ur retarded
That’s pseudoscience BS man
I'm CALLING QUIT YOUR BULLSHIT.

But if you are telling the truth, hope ya see gains before she does covid
Nah man
Market closes in 1 minute. Get your trades in boys
😳
Allot

Edit: agree tho
just yolo in nio and thank me later
>SOLO

That same stock had a similar-sized upswing in July but couldn't hold on to it.
why would he conceed?? He clearly won.
What
Ass-et-ill-co-lean
Welly credit is shit. I was thinking of a tiny home style trailer park. You make tiny homes and surround them with planter boxes. You have a well system and good internet and probably your own solar power system. You can rent/sell the tiny homes to millennials. And then you'll rent out the services to them AKA water electricity and internet. I mean if you could live on the cheap with all of those three things would you really ever go anywhere? All I need is a small loan of a million dollars to set it all up.
How do I become a MM?
lol  
in ur dreams
I'll always remember the Jimmy Kimmel show where she read that tweet about herself: 

"Billie Eilish dresses like she got her clothes stolen at the gym so they gave her what they had in the lost n found bin."
Damn you must be one bi-polar sonnabith. Happy one day sad the next
Probably right
It only takes a second to learn, let me show you. See OP's screenshot? It says stay the fuck away from being 🌈🐻
[deleted]
These three stocks will probably trade in unison so whatever NIO does, the others will
What happened to GME short squeeze? Comments around it just died.
[removed]
If i was president, my first order of action would be banning leaf blowers. Penalty for audible rape by leaf blower would be 30 years of forest maintenance. This includes crawling on all fours, blowing leaves around via mouth.
Its opening day where you live. Our season has been open for months.
Maybe all the MM’s have caught on that we know they’re inversing and gaping us so they’re inversing their strategy and doing exactly everything WSB says to catch us off guard 🤯 gotta inverse the inverse
What a convenenit time to drop that report too. Friday right before earnings.
I'm all about that dark positivity lol. Glad you saw what I meant through the color.
[removed]
Nio looks like it's gonna kill earnings tho
What do you think about cases and all that other shit?
Thank you. I really appreciate it bro. ♥️♥️
With r-sq of 45% will mean that statistically it isn't correlated with the S&P so you probably will need to pick another stock. 

Only r-sq of 70% or higher will suggest a meaningful correlation.
55 Monday seems a bit too overrun i have it at 51 EOD then 62 Tuesday.
I think LI is done but Xpeng can maybe go up since they are like brother and sister.
WWR finally poppin next week?

Take my Poll!

1) Yes
2) No
At least good for the winter. 

Like a cold.
GOOG is on sale right now. Search and advertising through Youtube et al is well known and easily worth the current valuation. But everybody sleeps on the gigantic momentum building in their other services. 

* G Suite - 100% web based Office suite scalable to enterprise level at substantial discount to MSFT

* Google Cloud - storage, hosting, CDN, etc and...

  ◙◙◙◙◙ important ◙◙◙◙◙

* **Access to a lot of the Google AI library for analytics and data management with pay per use and subscription plans scalable up to enterprise.**

If you consider how much AMZN and MSFT value is based on web services without the #1 search and video side piece, then the rapid growth of the cloud suite is something to watch closely.

GOOG 2.5k < 12 months.
⬆️🗣
I'm sure he bought a $40p why else would be be 'holding' it
Thank you and she would of been 90 end of November. She lived a great and long life and ill always keep her in my memory. Appreciate it
Lmaoo
[deleted]
[deleted]
Every Friday for the past month, nio does a sell off. Than I got a hand on news that the whales gonna short. I found out 10 mins ago so I did PUT option $49 for $2400 and made $4800 from put options till 12pm. Cash out.
Anyone successful this opening day? Surprised I haven't seen a single post. Now in the market for a freezer.
✊🏻
ER is Tuesday AH and it’s literally down $10 from Friday highs off of one opinion. 

You think no one is going to be buying PM Monday?
Upvote if you’ve had covid and got anitbodys for the third wave
You’re the WSB archive
Lol, good luck. This will be going for a while you retard. Votes have to certified you dumb fuck
[deleted]
Whos the fucker ?
We either use money we don’t care if we lose or are too retarded to know the difference.. after that it’s just a numbers game once you have enough of us in the same place.
pltr drop coming next week maybe?
what exp day you want? ill gladly sell you as many 265s you want

&#x200B;

edit: nvm i'm assuming you mean 365.. which.. i do not want to sell you because i agree
[deleted]
You'll be ok bb
Aint nobody even in there
[deleted]
You're better off trying something like Noopept instead. You should have enough dietary intake to not need acetylcholine supplements. 

Try looking into increasing receptor binding time or reducing breakdown of acetylcholine at synapses. Plus, powder acetylcholine tastes like absolute ass...
Thanks man, i really appreciate it and sorry for your loss. Thats what i plan on doing as well with my dad. Just talking about her to keep her spirit alive too. Gone but never forgotten.
thats weird regardless
Every Friday for the past month, nio does a sell off. Than I got a hand on news that the whales gonna short. I found out 10 mins ago so I did PUT option $49 for $2400 and made $4800 from put options till 12pm. Cash out.
[deleted]
Monday plays:


SPY 400c 11/20
TSLA 450c 11/20
I already had covid 😝 antibody gang
This is 1000% troo : 💡
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/slickpapizz the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$800
Work retarder not harder
there's general consensus people are bullish, so it will probably hit $55 by monday then $65-80 before earnings are released (because of hype). just buy in and you'll make money
i’m just depressed
Thank you and im sorry to hear that. The time you spend with them is priceless cause im sure they love and appreciate it. It is hard to watch i bet but im happy youre being there for them king
Hit it right on the nail. Bought the dip at 40 and it will hit 60 this week just watch
Shit ain't locking down again. Maybe some reduced hours, but there's no business in the US that will be cucked into being shut down again.
Cramer talked about Nio earnings. Trade accordingly. 25p Feb 21.
In the middle of the pandemic they made the decision to stop buying homes to protect their balance sheet (not knowing how bad it was going to get and the need to preserve liquidity as at the time, they were privately funded by VCs and no one knew if funding would be available any time soon at that point). In April, no one knew that real estate was going to rocket during the pandemic - people saw 2009. 

This has created a temporary dip - to your point, it should ramp back very quickly especially with the big warchest they are getting from the SPAC and the PIPE will allow them to accelerate home purchases.
Fuckity fuck 🤡🤡
Shouldnt AMZN do well regardless?
Jeeeezus ...carnival is going back to $14/12/10 levels
Oh wow, I’m actually planning to go to Miami around then. Hopefully I’ll see you at your new place.
[removed]
Imagine selling NIO for a loss on a report that singled out one company as opposed to Chinese EV or EV in general. 👌
[deleted]
Someone give me a solo & Nio confirmation bias for Monday?
[deleted]
Anybody bullish on SOLO Monday? Bull flag formation and NIO earnings sympathy?
The Autumn Triple Threat:

Falling leaves
+
Leafblowers
+
Neighbors with OCD

*<single leaf falls>*

*<10 minutes of manic leafblower action to get it out into street>*

*<another leaf falls...>*

I hope the guy who invented the leafblower died by having one jammed up his ass while running. Fucker.
He missed everything.
35, sticking to my guns.
Solo. Please save me on Monday
Is there anywhere I can bet on when mango will concede?
[deleted]
My calls
😂😂😂 what a stupid fuck roflmao
Lol if Beijing and Xi decide to send Jacky boiii to the pop block and he has brain matter pouring out of his skull in the next foreign affairs article how bad would that affect the Chinese sector? For me I’m doing puts.
[deleted]
Like the MSFT $200 curse
Nice to see there is someone in Congress that's not sucking Powell off.

https://mobile.twitter.com/RepKatiePorter/status/1327310218724659200
Tesla. C'mon man
choline is the precursor just buy it in supplement form.
Well to be fair he didn't say which year lol
Grindr bro 

And shave your asshole to make it nice and pink 

And marketable
50/50. Its got the power of the ccp and 1 million retards behind it. Kinda hard to hammer retard strength down.
New Disney movie. Now playing in an AMC near you!
Nothing. In hindsight I can see the citron crap giving a nice stop to the galactic rise. 

However NIO is set to report similar if not better numbers than LI or XPEV which both blew up. 

Selling 11/20+ calls for a loss on Friday was retarded as hell with the volume NIO has right now. 

And if Citron was to be taken seriously the entire report would have focused on Chinese EV or EV in general...not a singular ticker.
RemindMe! 72 hours
It will be funny to see the market panic sell moderna if they dont release data on monday lmao
I'd titty fuck her
Mango will concede this week and SPY will retest 265 and probably print even higher by Thanksgiving is my bet here.  Not sure about tech mid term. The rotation to supposed value stonks and covid recovery probably will be a real thing in 2021.
Economy 101: Supply and Demand. 

There will be more demand for NIO/XPEV/LI than what they are able to supply for unforeseeable future.
[deleted]
It was a good play, I would have tried to sell before eod in case Mondays premarket is very green though. Puts with nio have to be in and out real quick.
On a daily basis I consume enough drugs to sedate Manhattan, Long Island, and Queens for a month. I take Quaaludes 10-15 times a day for my "back pain", Adderall to stay focused, Xanax to take the edge off, pot to mellow me out, cocaine to wake me back up again, and morphine... Well, because it's awesome.
You’ve seen me shilling NIO then
My friend also needs to know
It sucks bro.
Welcome to WSB
How you pronounce this - "Ass 'it til clean"?
I just came
Yeah it should be fine tbh

Don't forget to specify that its only for women though
Yea obviously I turn them off if it’s families or a single dude or something, not a complete perv
We still haven't see Moderna vaccine yet so I think the shutdown wouldn't do much cause its already priced-in.
People are slipping. Positions or ban bitch!
It’s the same mechanism so largely expected to be the same

The only question is when they’ll release. People in this thread keep saying Monday but honestly who knows. Moderna said by the end of the month, Fauci on Wednesday said within a week. I keep seeing ‘within days’ being tossed around. Honestly no one knows
I don’t know how likely that is. I’d say chances are pretty slim unless they get some really good news. That is now a huge resistance point after hitting it and falling that hard. People will be scared to buy near there
Calisthenics bro
Stonks only go up
Explain? I know I'm retarded but I have a substantial. inheritance so I've got time to decode
Because how will he jerk off to voyager material duh!!!
Look at the chart, you dumb autists. It's forming a very nice triangle on daily and it's almost at the end..
Me
If spy opens +3% will my SPXS puts print or a I fuk?
Wrong subreddit
[deleted]
Why would they?
Hard money lenders have fix to rent programs, don't need much capitol.
Hold past the last swing low, you’ll be making BANK we had a false breakout & over 80% of the market is bullish. The last time we had this strong of an up trend was the March covid crash
Maybe one of the few posts that cost 20k to make
No doubt man. Keep your head up. Major learning experience in life.

Nothing comes easy.
it might be a little for inflation to hit but when it does will be a wrecking ball. too much at once like whats happening in brazil right now
Your grand man knows how to text! My grandma won’t even attempt to text sends me emails every hour.
Bro does seeing men squats make your cock hard ?

That’s when your a real alpha and state getting good at the stock market 

That’s the alpha Testosterone pumping ready to dominate
Have you tried buying high and selling low?
i'm trying to make enough money so i can withdraww $100k under the Coronavirus Cares Act so I can put a down payment on a house.  

I already have my long term TSLA safely stashed away in another broker with an intentionally horrible trading UI so I won't be tempted to do anything with it.  I'm in TDA for the money I'm trying to make.  

Under the cares act, you can withdraw up to $100k from your 401k or IRA.  You don't pay the 10% fee, but you do pay taxes, HOWEVER, the $100k (or wwhatever you pull out) is split into the next three years as income, so in 2020, even thoughh I took out $100k, i would only pay taxes on $33.3k of it this year, and every year for the next 2 years.
Yes.
[deleted]
It’s supposed to help with learning and choline modulation.
Thanks for DD. Very interesting. I don't quite understand why 2020 revenue has fallen so much. Despite COVID, the RE market has been red hot since May. You would think their product would be in indeal position to take advantage of this situation, but it appears their revenue is actually going to decrease by 50%. I don't get it.
I know, I'm just saying it's not that distinct. I got downvoted to oblivion though lol
[removed]
I just want to buy my dogs the backyard they deserve
I see. What are your moves for Monday?
This is the way
Not oversold, stocks still can go down after ER (AMZN, FB, you name it most stocks go down),  uptick rule did not trigger so it could go down more, uptrend was so stock wouldn’t trigger the uptick rule by being down less than 10%. I don’t wanna dive more into it, but if your a bull or even a bear just be weary of the stock movements Monday.
I need to make my thirty grand back so I can buy my gtx 3000 series
Oh hahaha
At some point covid will run out of people to infect and numbers will drop. Buy the dip!
Will AMZN reach $4000 ever?
[deleted]
Right now my main goal is moving and getting a sick ass Miami view from my balcony by Jan 2021 

Then I’ll prolly buy new boobs and maybe get Hollywood veneers for a lil revamp lol 😂

Then it’s retirement house savings
TSLA market cap $40T by 2030 and that's the bear case this shits going straight past the moon, out the solar system and off to the andromeda galaxy!! 

Video killed the radio star bitch things change more rapidly than you can visualise when the technology makes economic sense. How long did it take for mobile phones to kill the landline, colours tv's over black and white, cars over horses, jet engines over propeller engines.
Agreed. Down 20% already. Unless regulations fuck them hard (virtually impossible), why would it go much lower? Highly unlikely. BABA $270C 1/15/21
While in the US I had ToS then swapped to IB because the fills are better. Then I moved back to Montreal and found myself using webroker TD but swapped to IB because the currency conversion cost us like only 2.50 and you trade your currency in open market. Also the fills from IB has always been so much better than TD and ToS.

GL eh?

(For banking purposes, I definitely love td way more than rbc and national)
Im about to put my whole portfolio into leaps and delete this app for a year.
Pay off my mortgage (322k)
Buy 100 acres in the Poconos.
You're acting like this is why people lose money in the market. This is not why people lose money in the market.

This software and the algorithms you describe exist to provide heightened liquidity. Think about it - if you can collate all the orders from everywhere all in one place and algorithmically find a way to make a market for all those orders profitably, then that's a net benefit to the capital market. Without that system and those algorithms, the security in question would be illiquid and possess wider spreads.

Narrow spreads and liquid securities are good for you, as a trader. It's why the SEC allows stuff like this - because, regardless of if some hedge fund is frontrunning your trade and scalping a fraction of a cent, that's still preferable to 5-mile-wide spreads and no liquidity.

Face it, you just suck at trading. There's no grand scheme by the market maker to affect the profitability of your trade. All the MMs are doing is scalping you for a fraction of a penny per trade - a fraction of a penny that you'd have lost either way on the massive spreads you'd be paying without their existence. Once the order's complete and the security's yours, the market maker could care less if you make money on that security or not.

You're right, at base. We're getting jewed by the market makers. However, it's not to anywhere near the scale that'd affect the profitability of your trades, and it's seriously the better of two evils. A deep liquid market full of HFT algos and MMs is, invariably, preferable to a market where there are no fucking orders at all...
what the hell is even "3 hours and 30 minutes" ?
less that they are strong and more that they are smaller. Check out the square cube law - same reason why ants and shit can lift hundreds of times their own weight.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SE**|**$210**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$3.88**|**$181.44**|**2713**|**5086**
|**SE**|**$205**|**WRITE CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$4.87**|**$181.44**|**859**|**213**
|**SE**|**$160**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-20**|**$4.8**|**$181.44**|**1943**|**120**
|**SE**|**$165**|**WRITE PUT**|**2020-11-20**|**$6.21**|**$181.44**|**1305**|**54**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhi5yz3gd2rp0751hd1dhz0j) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ProperlyHedged/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Isn’t it the other way around? Silly bears.
What stonks? Tesla? Spce?
Gotta go down with the ship
Honestly worried about my zm calls but I have a feeling modernas data wont be as good as pfizer and the stock will still moon
It’s the weekend, shouldn’t you be spending time with your wife before she goes back to her boyfriend’s place?
I’ve been going to the gym five days a week and starting to see some gains finally. I Don’t really get sore anymore.the hardest part was just making it a habit and building it into my life. 

My state is shutting down gyms again though. Rope.
[deleted]
**If this is [spam](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide) you can vote to remove it and earn setting your own flair.**

| **Remove It (1)** | **Keep It (1)** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=ju91ek&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=ju91ek&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=ju91ek)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^22 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
All the stuff he's using just gives him a higher probability of making a winning trade but none of it is 100%. 

Take the oversold/bought indicator at the bottom of the chart for example. Seems to work quite well but in cases like Aug 7th when it was clearly overbought, price just continued to go up. There was even a bearish divergence that was created (price went up while the indicator went down). It eventually dropped in Sept but if you were trading shorter term options, you likely would've lost.

Where he marked the double top, a lot of people who use double tops would've counted Oct 12th as the 2nd top and the Nov 9th top as the 3rd top, making it a triple top.

As for volume, market can climb on lower volume for a long ass time.

So as you can see, these things aren't 100%. However, it helps give you a better idea of when to potentially go long or short. There were people here who bought puts when a couple of days before the election even though the market was in oversold territory.
Biggest gainers for me were ZM, PRPL, FMCI (now Tattooed Chef). Up about 250% YTD in total - offset by losses in SPY puts for short term trades - go figure - and also ET and a few other shitty plays. 

Warrants should be 0.36 a share above $18 share price (read the sec filings) - trading about $1 under fair value.
Noice
Who da duk likes billie eilish
I made the same call 🤣🤣🤣
[deleted]
why don't u just not provide toiletries and say they must use their own. im sure they'd prefer that over ur cameras bud
Think about this as we jerk off 

A vaccine is being mass produced
Attorneys
You’re not even confident in that happening lol
On weekdays I drink to forget all my bad trades. On weekends, I drink to fast forward to the weekdays.
Big part of the market crash was China closing and disrupting the supply chain.  We won’t see that again.
Really only killed those who bought 0DTE calls. 11/20s will be fine seeing as the ER is AH Tuesday.
you can buy powder off ebay. Why though?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Only because there aren't so many different sources of information and disinformation. Take the internet and transport it back to 1945 and I'm not sure if that holds up.
I don’t yes we will have shutdowns 

And fats will get fucked 

By Covid due to not given a shit about there body’s 

But I am Bullish with million and Millions
Of doses being produced as we speak 

As I jerk
Off
You guys are making money?
Show us ALL.
cameras in the bathroom the fuck wrong with u
Yeah, she’ll be fine lol
Money
Like, duh
Yea, just trying to protect my stuff and maybe have jerk material, don’t understand the down votes
We holding bruh
No
Fuck !
I did exactly this sitting at 300 shares @$22.27 thought I was getting a steal. Still think I’m in at a good price just hate missing discounts.
I want shut the fuck up money. It’s the kind of money that I can just shove into somebody’s mouth to get them to go away when they start talking to much.
[deleted]
Man Utd need to also ask Pogba to get his shit together, the man looks like an expensive Cleverley
Spend the money
Have DD posts gotten so rare that we have to pin them?
And you’re not going to believe this, some people actually make money!
Lol
Shouldn't be a problem as long as you're renting out to women only.
Spread so big you could fit a peterbilt in it yikes
Tiny homes?
I panicked then I read the report and realised it's argument was  Nio is overpriced because because Telsa is going to lower its prices in China. Hardly a damming report. I'm in NIO because I think they make good cars which can compete with Telsa, the battery swap stations and China's commitment to decreasing fossil fuel emissions.
Lol @ shilling femboy lakai’s server
2% but people forget it’s moved 1-10% on any given day even before the citron nonsense
I work in supply chain so fucking forgive me all I see is SKU
Yea it would but to the upside. Fed continues to buy assets and now congress might go brrr with stimmy too.
Lmao definitely
If I can spare even one person from fucking up this bad with this post, then that'll make my pain that much less.
positions or ban
Yes
This is a way.
I’m so sorry but I’m drunk and can’t understand this, can you simplify that a little bit?
Interesting 🤔 

I won’t lie for security reasons and perversion I have though about this
that’s pretty fucked up man i’m pretty sure you can’t invade privacy that much
Hookers and blow, obviously
Bears actually think 2-week lockdowns will make their puts print 🤡
Recovered like 70 cents in the last 5 minutes. Not crazy but worth noting
Haven’t had a drink since august, that shit slows you down and I need my edge and test for pumping iron. Got a nice silver oak cab sitting in the cabinet though
Build up enough capitol so I can become a slumlord
You can't
Nice post dude. IPOB is gonna blow up really soon I've posting about them the last couple weeks this thing is going to hit $30 easily in the next month or so
I’ve been a bad trader daddy I deserve to be punished
No they just went from 2 doses down to one and they will be finishing phase 1 in the next couple weeks but ok
[removed]
NIO will probably be fine
Are my puts printing Monday?
understand where you're coming from, but was also partly counting on it being a record or blowout sales event which returns investor confidence that things are getting back to normal since you know this ISNT a normal year(pandemic and all that) and that spending is back, and if it is an exceptional day it brings attention to the company and BABA is/was undervalued and not as common a household name as amazon.  we're also in a weird wacky FOMO market and it doesn't take much to juice a stock.
No, I AM old, fat ugly & poor.
You’re aiming a little low there, buddy. We’re off to claiming planets.
HEY!!! Get your ass to work !!!

No more GTR FOR U!!
Time to sell that ass to make money to buy bynd$ stock ok !!! Lets go 👊👊👊
didn't it bleed AH friday.. like bigly
eat shit, modafuka
If I’m renting out just a single room for air B and B in my house, do I need to disclose if I’m setting up cameras in the room and possibly bathroom?  I know with tenants there is different rules if it’s just a single room, so I thought it might be ok

I mostly just don’t want my toiletries stolen
[deleted]
Easy
Do people actually believe winter shutdowns will effect the markets? it already happened. Hell the vaccine is riced in at this point. Everyone knows this winter is absolutely going to suck
Market doesn't care about short-term lockdowns when vaccine is a few months away
So cringe, is this what the confederates did after losing too?
Well they make a good water filter for their fridge.....
Went food shopping earlier. Tp and pt already flying off the shelves.  Even if we don’t have full on lockdowns or whatever, people will still panic at the idea of it.  Prob best to grab some packs of this shit now just in case they can’t restock quick enough.  Cashier said they might put a limit on meat products again soon too.
I agree I fell off my bed just acting
We thought that for a bit, so everyone partied for 4th of july and we got the second wave lmao
http://flightlistpro.com/private-jet-charter/wheels-up-memberships-available-from-costco/#comments

Offering it since 2015. Still have to pay roughly $4K+ per hour for flight.
Am I missing something or does NIO have a lot going for it going into this week? 

Off the top of my head: Way oversold. ER on Tuesday. Uptick rule in effect for Monday/Tuesday. Uptrend into AH close. Citron report was largely speculation. Insane volume. 2 days for the drama to blow over. Anything else?
Took like three weeks to learn buying calls and puts, haven’t fucked with selling either yet
I sold my PLTR 11/13 11.5c two days before it started to rally. Never doubt your vibe
Let me throw this at you. This man has ZERO sense of self. That’s hard to comprehend, but the only thing that he strives for is admiration from others. He cannot survive without it. 

Imagine you have no ability to look inward or self reflect. That’s his reality.
How about start with $50-100 to learn some real restraint? Goddamn. Bet one some sports.
NVDA has been so abused lately. I really need them to demolish ER.
Holy fuck man this hurts. I’m glad i don’t understands puts at all and only buy shares
I just got recommended r/lolgrindr they must have seen my trading activity this week
That means people are less addicted to gambling in general.
This is something I’ve come to believe but haven’t read anywhere. Going to read this
inverse yourself like george costanza
vaping during covid? what an idiot. keep your lungs clean
I don’t trade options. I’ve watched so many videos, read so many articles and it still confuses the hell out of me. I’m a retard.
He also said drinking bleach would cure me, but I'm sicker than ever!
To be fair pretty good chance Iranians are so incompetent didn't even know who this guy was in their country.  Did have a good cover story and after they shot down their own passenger jet hard to believe these guys are on top of anything lol.  Plus seen how much bad blood Iran has towards Sunni terrorism organizations.  Hate them almost as much as us.
Why do I have the flair of DKNG at you know where
Doesn’t matter NIO is going to the moon next week
[deleted]
Yup you catch a few falling knives on nio as well?
Or martial just needs to wake tf up
You are the truly WSB member
Retailers are already up thanks to Monday's news... Any bad news will likely lower the stock price.
I thought all the COVID lockdown news was gonna reenergize pandemic companies and got ZM and AMZN early last week during dip. Also figured there'd be a rotation back into to tech and got VGT. Obviously FOMOed after LI earnings and got a lot of NIO

Plz gib me some confirmation bias now. Thank u.
Is this the week we watch a hedge fund moon or go bust?
Sadly a lot of "women" will act like this. Best thing to do is keep looking until you find one that doesn't.
Weirdly the strawberry cough gets me more zooted than my indica strain. But if I smoke a little its fine for outdoor stuff.
Remember the rule;

At wsb, a 'long term strategy' is just a failed bet
LMAO
[deleted]
Would they come after you if it was mostly day trades and short term capital gain?
No, this will go on for a while. To the supreme court. Remember bush v gore. Bush's lawyers were trump's scotus appointees...
You do it lazy ass catholic
> Carvana but for your house.

House vending machines when?
Send invite to discord
Anyone here have any ideas how I can raise my acetylcholine?
Not to be confused with the gay bear dating app OpenBackDoor.
I’m torn if I should call this a torsades de pointes or vfib
Not a bad play
Does anyone else vape in the bathroom at their work like a middle schooler ???
Hard dude
Retail buyer are the FOMO buyer and when people FOFO, it creates a buying pressure which moves the SP at least to a certain degree. 

In case of NIO, it's mostly owned by institutional investors. Institutions, institutional mutual fund and non-institutional mutual funds own over 99% of the outstanding shares.
Send invite to discord
Stunning and brave
Remember to eat it all without tasting or knowing what dish it is
Say no more, I am all in.
[removed]
I’m a dentist and I will never go to another dentist as long as I live so 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
Instead of buying them, I now sell them.
Anyone hedging with gold leaps to counter the incoming inflation?
i think there's a pretty good chance she runs hard at open

but I also think that the additional hype should set her up for a dip sometime this week, probably not lower than open on monday (unless the premarket is that good)

i'm tempted to splurge on some weeklies monday morning, but it might be too late to add more for the week

buy dips ;)
Good advise would be buy high and sell low right ?
How much we talking ?
I wasn't saying NIO isn't overvalued, im saying it'll probably take months if not years for another tsla run up because it's already so overvalued. NIO is definitely insanely overvalued
Really? Aww
They have AOC on the google logo today !! 😍😍😍😍😍😘🥰😍😍😘
I hope so I was able to pick up a small position at around 44 only 250 in case it dipped again then I can avg down with another 250
Nice work.  You can always lose the weight it’s hard to lose the lung cancer and nasty smokers cough.
Fuck it I’m in
Yup. I bought more TSLA last week, too 🤡📉
F
You believed Donnie? Lol
[deleted]
Idk man that 50 sma still 8$ away
Hoping pton pops this week
Boy oh boy I sure hope my LI calls aren’t completely f**ked
Thank you converter bot
that is what I always conclude my existential thoughts. might as well try and make it less like hell for myself and others. we have a choice.
Yoloed my account at close on pltr. 50 16c fds. Wish me luck
Op is fucking retarded
Only WSB would see a stock up 200% in 3 months and think it’s a good time to buy.
Google it.
He would have to flip at least 3 states lol. Pa by 70k votes, GA by 15k, and AZ by 10k. If voter fraud was that rampant it would have been proven by now. In PA, that would be vote counters changing 1 out of every 49 Trump votes. Or if you say the fraud was just in Philadelphia, a 70k swing would mean only 58% of Philadelphia voted for sleepy. Only real retards when believe this.
yep.
[deleted]
I bought a ton of NIO shares at $10 and sold at $15. Can't even look at the ticker anymore lmao
But they do tell people to exercise and lose weight you retard. It's literally what a lot of family practice physicians do to earn their keep, tell you to lose weight, stop smoking and cut back on alcohol, then kick you out because your 10 minutes are up.
Hopefully it gets back in the money. I started buying in the low $20s on the way down. Went down further than I thought and now starting to go in the right direction again. 

Bouncing off the 50 dma and coming out of oversold territory after shaking off the paper hands
COVID stimmy is back on the table. For that reason I must buy calls
I agree. People are blinded by their gains.
Autism’s Best
Gotta do what you gotta do man it's dry around here lol
Puts on your dick
I was told this virus would be gone by summer.
To the fucking asshole on the other side of my trades I will find you and I will gape you.
5 inches is 12.7 cm
[deleted]
I got banned for talking shit about Volkswagens. Pussies.
5 inches hard or soft?
Bet you believe elections are rigged
Why aren’t we seeing more NIO loss porn
Nope it’s Ali baba of cars
Bored.  Granted might be considered political bullshit but reading this article how Mossad in August killed an al Qaeda leader in Tehran (hit and run drive by on motorbike) and the Iranians basically just covered it up and was mildly amusing.
They were selling Zillow shares and buying IPOB - that may have stopped recently given Zillow's decline.
Like another redditor said, I think the market had a knee jerk overreaction to the Jack Ma and CCP beef. I feel like it's in the Chinese government best interest to not destroy one of their biggest online retailers.
It's a sativa dominant hybrid so it's perfect for outdoor shit. Cannabis cup winner a few years back. I grew it and enjoyed it.

My favorite sativa's so far would be durban poison and blue dream.
Fuck a free stock I want a free FD
Hell yeah brother 🙌🏼🙌🏼
[deleted]
That’s a lot of words and no pictures, where exactly do you think you are?
[deleted]
This ^
🙋‍♂️. 101c 11/20 bought Friday right before close.
I do. I think the vaccine news is a huge overreaction. Of all at home stocks, peleton will be fine. Their clothing immediately sells out when they put them on sale and that’s the direction they are moving. It’s so much much than an exercise bike and tread. Hoping the next two weeks rocket especially with lockdowns looming.
Congrats, this is well played- I like the strategy you used of trimming profits, imagine if you just sold all 500 shares at 54$ tho!
Thank you for your service
So what other plays do you recommend gonna tell my mom
Blame that on the fast food lobbyists that convinced the Surgeon General in the 70’s that all fats in your diet are bad. Then everything started being loaded with sugar. Things like diabetes and cholesterol are symptoms of food/sugar addiction. The issue is that if the CDC were to try and push hard against fast food companies, those companies would argue that overeating is a personal choice and that they aren’t accountable.
Puts it is
Somehow he's beating most of wallstreet with this strategy.
Please NIO don't let little Johnny get coal in his stocking this year
[deleted]
20% run ⬆️
Do you think the chart would be almost a constant line if I didn’t sell on that first dip. I bought calls EOD.
Friday had a crazy price rise premarket, Monday will probably be the same without shorts to push the price down like Friday afternoon. Look at the short volume from friday, the dip was from short pressure not from people selling there shares.
Market is future looking 


Vaccine is already being mass produced as we speak 
My cock is 5 inches 


Spy 400$ eoy bullish
How do you do the captcha on the discord server lmao

Finally decided I'd join
Wtf this same comment every other thread is weird. But hey...

This is the way
Solid post.
Sign me up if you end up forming a study group.
What
bro what
Don’t care, 80C through earnings, 100 of them
I diversify.  

I take advice from both idiots and morons.
So what you are telling me is ARRK fund is just throwing out a wide net on all the potentially disruptive home selling platforms?
Okay anyone really been following FIT? They are supposed to close their deal with google before EOY. The deal is to buy them out at 7.35 a share. If this happens I think it’ll pop way past that. I’m looking at FIT 12/18 8c. They’re .03 right now. Throw a couple hundred at it and hope for a FD payout or just burn my money instead?
hey
i bought 30c when it was at 27 .... i guess ur post makes me feel a little better
1 car.
IV= Inherent volatility, it is one of the many things that determines the price of an option contract. IV shows how much the market thinks the stonk will move in the near future...big IV means the option is priced to reflect a big move. IV crush happens after the thing that the market expected to cause the big move is over, like an earnings report. After IV crush happens the options will be worth less because the market thinks the stonk will move more slowly from that point on
[deleted]
Man Utd need to replace Martial
4 years
Lol you will be lucky to get an entry level job
Pork bellies or orange juice?
3 years??? You’re saying it won’t break 50 anytime in the next 3 years? 

Off the top of my head: Oversold. ER. Uptick rule in effect for Monday/Tuesday. Uptrend into AH close. Citron report was largely speculation. Insane volume. 2 days for the drama to blow over. Take your pick

I say it’s over $100/share by this time next  year at the latest
Your option is more expensive because IV is high, IV is priced into the option, when that IV stops being high (right after earnings is a good example of this), it drops, it drops so dramatically (hundreds of percent) that even IF a stock has moved enough to help your delta and become itm, you may have lost hundreds of dollars from loss of IV. IV drives price up/down, check your vega. Directly tells you how much you lose/gain from 1 percentage change. This is why theta gang loves options around earnings, you can make a decent percentage from either puts or calls regardless of direction.
Stfu u are weak and your immune system is not effective 

Cancer may be in your future with your immune system
[deleted]
Spy bears downvoting lol. Feelings hurt
I bet you ride in your car alone with your mask on
Tiger Beat magazine
GILD calls on deck, TA support virus talk and lockdown is good for it
Wait until a loss equals dying in a cubicle because you have to work till you're 90...now were talking.
How can I be added to this discord lol
Yes it does
First sign of incompetence is claiming to be competent
Sounds fantastic I’m all in
She won’t accept it. Lol you’re probably not the first one or last one to request it.
Your immune system is weak that’s why
Man; what a completely ancient time ago
Anyone buy Strawberry Cough flower or oil pens from the legal spots?

I like the energetic "go do stuff" feeling, but I'm an infrequent smoker. How is that strain for like fishing etc?
I have 50 shares 😃👍
Fat, sexy Dingleberg
[deleted]
Either her grip finally gave way, or she just mistakenly thought it was safe enough to slide down and finally get off the death machine. Although she does seem to bounce right back to up so I’m thinking it was just panic brain of a child.
I heard this was done ehen it was $9.5 tho, do you think they might have shorted it already?
I've switched to a kind of lax keto diet eating mostly meat, cut out carbs, combined with exercise, and I've seriously lost at least 30 lbs since August.

Also like the other guy said I just don't even eat breakfast which helps I think as well.
Hahaha
15 days to slow the spread
[deleted]
How long have you been trading ?
You sound like Anthony Bourdain gathering up and smoking paint flakes in the hopes that it was flakes of crack
Yes, until it doesn't
I'm too hyper begin with, so booze is my weapon of choice..otherwise i'll overtrade.
Didn’t his US made Tesla cars just got recalled in China for no good reason?
Mango supporters are trash
Lol, you got em good 😂
Normal? What is that?
I'm going to the promise land with these wmt calls.
That goes under the algorithm Auto-Hedging, everything goes through the SOR.
lol.. ancer looking good too! indiana is for real
You guys have competence ?
Short term bubble hype is all that’s left. Priced in for the next 3 years man.
Not since Friday.
I learned how NOT to trade from those trading gurus on Youtube.
I told my mom to buy amd when it was under $2. She didn’t listen. When it hit $12, she recommended amd to me and then asked me what it was. I said I recommended it to you under $2 and why are you recommending a stock you don’t have a clue what is?  She denied I ever mentioned it.  I had 20k worth of calls 2 years out for $14 strike price, but then some bad shit happened and my mom needed to borrow money. So I sold it off to lend her.  Here we are at $80+ and she has been recommending amd to me every week and I have to remind her I don’t have it because she still owes me money. I did the calculations and I would be up 800k at the very least. Yes I would have held on to it on the way up because I bought it for 2 years out.  I’m not mad at all though. How can I be when she also recommends Roku to me, but calls it rock you.


Side note, I also recommended nio to her when it was $2 and some change.
Have you forgot what sub we are in ?
[deleted]
Robinhood said click this and click that and here link your bank account
Yes
Fergie is trash
TLDR: this guy gay for Elon, Your loyalty puts Amber to Shame.
Yep. US markets happens to open just after my normal day job stops around 16:30  (Finland).

Markets are open until 23:00 local time...planty of time to drink my self to oblivion while watching the marktes 🍺

During week = drink to ease the nerve and not to overtrade

During weekends = drink for boredom

You cant win !
it's a bit of an exaggeration, I highly doubt I woulda sold all 500 contracts at the ask right at the open. still >60k so im happy.
I mean if you weren't such an asshole that'd be a pretty positive reinforcement for a lot of people here.

Go out and do what you want (as long as that doesn't involve hurting others) because in the grand scheme of things no one will ever give a fuck and it doesn't matter.
Lol @ thinking Moderna is priced in, reopening stocks spent the week consolidating after the gap up on Monday before we knew they hit enrollment. Pfizer safety data also expected this week. Keep buyin Zoom though it’ll work out great
Good. People are becoming savvy to the Citron bullshit.
I can see the advice in the chart - FDs all fuckin day let's go babbbbyyyyyy
[deleted]
11/16 360c may the best(luckier) retard win
You sound like a 14 year old emo
But what is going to happen to NIO after ER?
Have you tried cocaine?
How did she managed the loop but fucked up at the end?
But thats extreme body strength
Because your comments are hyper insane!
Was the 9 word post worth the $20k?
Charting Man Dan. Learned it during the pot bubble when he would provide charts for r/weedstocks

"ChartGuys" on youtube

I think he's probably one of the honest ones and regardless has tonnes of good advice on trading and learning the importance of discipline

There's something really wholesome about his videos relative to the other chart gurus and he doesn't really have any obnoxious moments.
I'm leaning to the short side on tjx. Would love to own it long term though
Two ways to looks at BABA action. 

The market over reacted of worrisome China news because of the repeated fuckings US traders have took on Chinese stocks and it will correct in short order. 

OR

BABA, which is THE “safe” Chinese play, is about to go full China and a large portion of shareholders are holding on for dear life while their last Chinese stock bleeds for the next year.
Right, because its real.
You have to experience it to truly understand its power.
Usually at the closing bell
When Intravenous (IV) system gets crushed and you are placed on life support.. there you go
I guess he likes the attention and his supporters already believe the election was rigged so he might as well join in to hold their attention. Went to the T_D alternative the other day just to see how Trump supporters are handling the loss and a lot of it was about the election being rigged and something about Dominion machines.
Cool idea
[deleted]
Needs some decent gains next week to prepare my gf stupid shopping spree on Black Friday
This is actually the only way
Monday will open spy +2%
I swear I saw some headline last week about how poorly Ray Dalio’s hedge fund had been doing this year 🤨
You probably shouldnt even be saying that on reddit honestly
Thoughts on GE this week?
😂😂😂😂 I love the title
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don’t think they can too badly. Think about it, if they fuck over BABA they will scare foreign companies from doing business or entering the Chinese market. I think they will eventually work something out behind closed doors and all will be well. This is a really great buying opportunity imo
[Relevant quote](https://imgur.com/a/IaSiKDV)

>Pretend that you have free will. It's essential that you behave as if your decisions matter, even though you know they don't. The reality isn't important; what's important is your belief, and believing the lie is the only way to avoid a waking coma. Civilization now depends on self-deception. Perhaps it always has.

\~ Ted Chiang, *Exhalation* pg 71.
[removed]
Does this work with mortgage companies??? Definitely not asking for myself
It’s almost like when the stock goes up people are more likely to post about it
There’s still quite a bit of upside to nio honestly
Reality distortion field
People buy puts and calls = high IV


Direction is clear = low IV


Vega shows how much money you lose when IV goes lower
hey guys, have 5k and want to buy some calls, give me 50/50 plays? was thinking monthly baba spy or solo calls
I'm sorry for your loss man. Glad you got to facetime and talk to her before she passed.

I am spending more time with my grandparents lately, my grandmother has ovarian cancer and my grandfather is starting to show signs of dementia. It's really hard to watch.
Nice
dad
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
My dad passed away a month before I graduated college. Fucking sucked. There’s never a good time to see a loved one go. I keep his spirit alive by talking about all the good and funny moments we shared together. Your grandma deserves the same. Keep your chin up bro.
I'm not too sure what to say but I hope you have a good day. 

May your calls print and your surrounded by loved ones.
Don’t pay taxes then
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** IMAGINE NOT GETTING PUTS ON NIO YOU DEGENERATES

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju8gxp
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju8gxp) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/TrivialWinner, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
TacoFoods
Matteomakespizza
EquivalentSelection
weedebest
Jack-Skinne
I’m long BA so I know what you mean. That mfrs have the habit of giving up all the gain. So I have been writing cc while I wait it out. Right as soon as I sold the cc because if election uncertainty. That mfrs rally 25% .... fuck I’m going to let it get call and invest in beaten down tech....
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Probably pretty good
WSB
Yeah it’s not that bad. I have around 6k on stocks there.
Legion of Skanks is the only podcast you need
Or you can do aderal like a normal mofo
Pin this you cowards!
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** IV Crush

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju7m7j
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju7m7j) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/defaultkoolaid, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CallsOnAlcoholism
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
WHY ISNT THERE A CHINESE COMPANY INVENTING HYBRID/EV MOPEDS, THATS ANOTHER HYPE STOCK I CAN BUY TO THE MOON
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/squarehead18 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
11/20 270c 12/11 280c gonna get some 3/19/20 270c if there is another drop, but I think if JD crushed earnings people will FOMO into BABA and drive up the price back above 280/290
Did you know even if you call a place and tell them there is NO bomb in their building people still freak out and say its a bomb threat? I said NO bomb, but no one wants to listen now. Pfft
Go back to r/investing boomer
[removed]
Yes, I hope my loss and this post can at least allow others to introspect and spare themselves a similar fate if they see the same signs of problem gambling.
JPOW bless the decentralizing market
Imagine being such a gay beer that you actually think nio isn't going to hit 60 before earnings Tuesday. Psh
Google.com
Next time your calls expire worthless just email your broker calling it fake news and tell them their platform is fraudulent and rigged against you by the powers that be
You can get the same high from running trust me also cheaper and more savage just saying
I would go ultrawide, but depends on your usage. For multi-tasking and stocks ultrawide or super-ultrawide is better in my opinion.
they were ethiopian...
The rule must have been amended or something, it was SSR'd on Thursday
What part of Canada are you from brother.. and how were you able to amass that much money?
Why? I have my family’s ability to eat on the line so if you know something I don’t, please share so they don’t starve.
You've been through a lot
[deleted]
I cant wait for you degenerates to wonder why your far otm NIO weeklies get crushed after earnings
[deleted]
Crayons love em
Inverse time. Everybody still stupidly bullish on NIO. Top is in.
Do you mean like google, Facebook, Reddit, Instagram, and any cell phone service?

Palantir doesn’t spy it’s merely a geographical information service and analytical tool. It can be used to store any information that it’s client wishes. PowerPoint is used more to target people than Palantir
I just watch/ follow a lot of the popular stocks. Keep track of ones that are undervalued. I rode Disney up 1 morning like 2-3 % big chuck of money, faggy D strike price. Day trade locked and loaded incase shit goes south
Here at Shitron we are a Professional Pump & Dump Company!
Cut out sugar. Probably more difficult to quit than cigs tbh
They are more of a form of state-capitalist  now. its hard to define their government in a sentence, that would require a major write up. But if i were to put it in a couple words, thats what i would say
This place has turned into a longs support group.

Smells like bitch in here. We need a rug pull MM do it tomorrow while everybody is jacked to the tits in calls
That was fucking cringe I hate when ppl post 20 sec investment advice on god damn tick tock like wtf
feelssadman
I love this meme ❤
$Spy will open at $380 for no reason
Hey comments are allowed for poor people. This is me throwing day and half wages into some scooter shit I’m not going to Google. I’m trusting some dude to say that a company  243% annual run up is still mooning. 

I’ve got too much fucking money stuck in NIO to buy anymore and this is me maxing out margin and praying to god NIO doesn’t tank anymore and robinhood margin calls me. I’m a fucking bull im just leveraged to shit.
We need someone with ties to the CCP. If CCP and Jack Ma can be friends again and allow Ant IPO, it should pop back to $310 quick and then grow from there. But I don't know the likelihood of that relationship. How bad can the CCP fuck Baba is the real question.
Bingo - intermittent fasting 16/8 split does well for me
Shit slaps yoo 🙌
Where did YOU learn how to trade?
Have you guys ever just starting eating random pieces of paper from inside your drawer hoping that one of them might be an old piece of acid that fell out of the bag? Yeah I'm desperate like that, really wanna trip lol.
Looking at it now it seems to have support at 25, which was a resistance level a few months ago. Now looking to break 26.5 and it could be big
Dude, im going on 4 years. The first 6 months I gained a lot of weight. I kept craving sweets and chocolate. But eventually it gets better and I was able to lose that weight. It is normal and better than having that poison in your lungs. The best thing I ever did. Stay strong bro!!!
Same, got 2k in 355 for Monday; started buying 1/4 at 1.05% up, then 1/4 at 1.20% up, then the other half at close
Gonna keep my NIO but I can’t decide whether I should sell or keep my LI and XPENG shares. What are their chances of going back up?
His ego is too fragile to accept an apparent defeat
Riiight. And the US is gonna shut Amazon down. 🤣
I didn’t mean to discount your comment while cloth, I apologize if that was my tone. I meant only to counter-argue that states will not shut down, and emphasize that Biden isn’t coming soon as people might envision.
RIP your grandmother I'm sure she was a great woman
Because it doesn't matter if you do or don't, so might as well find and take the opportunities to bring joy to yourself and others.
[removed]
I meant addiction to trading stocks. Casino stocks have been trending downward for years.
There's a couple issues. The biggest problem is that computer manufacturers are starting to make their own chips. The second is that their long term success is clearly priced in, as their P/E is over 100.
ELI5 IV crush
Hi
Nah only breakfast and lunch. Dinner is the worst lunch for weight
cash secured puts is usually what they're called. when you say 'covered' it is easily confused with covered calls, which are actually a thing.
A few years ago is not today
That is a 2.5% return per week and \~10% per month and \~120% per year. Sounds like long dated (>6 months) OTM calls on big names (AAPL, AMZN, etc) w/ high volume is the way to go with the least amount of work involved.
Hahah people don’t get this shit. The numbers aren’t there. Sure. Markets are forward looking. They aren’t 10+ years forward looking. The valuation is retarded to stupid. Shit will pull back hard after another run up or after earnings.
They should've invited Fergie to sing. Perfect for this circus!
Green is green 🤷🏼‍♂️
Same but 11/27.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The video was made by the German variety theatre GOP. Probably one of the first good fake videos on the internet
I wish. I've been saving for about 9 years.
When did this happen? Could this help my UAL puts?
Needs to get the defense fund money coming in to pay off his billion dollar debt.
So might as well buy that 0DTE!
You are absolutely right. Winning would only have resulted in more gambling and more pain.  This sub needs a gambling addiction sticky on the daily thread.
yeah fuck em
[deleted]
Just as ur bags. Its just number
neither of them were aware the max is being recertified this week they're just talking out the ass
strike n exp?
Look at all those retards 🤣
[deleted]
Did we settle this?
If that’s true the SEC wouldn’t have let them die so they could be charged with insider trading
[deleted]
Lol nope
very, here's how: covered calls. Sell multiple contracts weekly on stock you don't care to own long term or stock you believe will trade relatively sideways for the near term future. For every 7-9k of capital you have, you can generate about a grand a month just with covered calls which is roughly 250 bucks a week. 

Multiply those numbers by 10 since you have roughly 100k and boom, roughly 2500 per week in covered call contracts.
My uncle bought 1000 Nio for $3 a share and I think about it every day.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
😅
Meth allows me to stay up for 3 days trading futures
Trump posting on Twitter we will win, at first I thought he will step down without conceding and keeps bragging about how the election was rigged but this dude really thinks he will win 😳😳
Guys, why is  🥭 still saying that he won?! Am I missing something?!
[deleted]
Poor
[deleted]
Most likely not
Cant wait to see the tears associated with NIO crashing
so why keep going
Lol “only” 33% profit
I'm gonna hold. NIO TO THE MOON
[deleted]
Was anyone else surprised to see how well their financials looked? YoY growth has been insane, cut their losses by over 50% while spending the most ever on marketing and BD.  Their market share in the US alone eclipses that of UberEats globally.  Calls all in!
I have shares so I don't care
Pretty quick and simple and they let you buy fractions which my OCD appreciates. Lots of stock options, even ones you wouldn’t think like NIO, PLTR but hilariously not GME 😂
I checked these and 2yr beta of UBER is 1.7 with an r-sq of 45%, pretty decent as far as rsquareds are concerned.
130% annually? That's pussy shit.
Have some already, will double down on more if it doesn’t pop
Could happen dude I just personally feel like this coming week is gonna be for the boomer stocks, too much vaccine news coming.
So bright
Great move on BABA. Wanted to get into a similar play but all tied up in JD til next week.
Been long on ba since March. Still waiting.... vaccine news helped last week but then she shat those gains right back onto the new sheets. Its the only stock I have thats been consistently red but a third of my portfolio is waiting on them to climb back up to 300 350. ToO bIG tO FaIL
Bouta long BABA on Monday if it doesn’t pop
currently writing it. I feel good abt it tbh I just need some confirmation bias
In my limited experience they splash water forwards, so that would move the residual shit forwards towards my balls
it really is liberating to not give a fuck
https://twitter.com/dcexaminer/status/1327669397905924102?s=20

😍🇺🇸
Invest in stonks? Don’t you mean Gamble in options
I read chapter 7 and it was excellent. The fact that its content is so current makes it that much better. I am going to need to read the rest of the book now, because the historical context that prefaces chapter 7 will obviously make it that much more significant, and I am obviously interested to see what the rest of the book entails.

Thanks for the suggestion.
MMED🚀
40k shares
Holy shit you’re the first person who actually looked into it.  These guys are anticipating serving not just the battery market but these nano silicon powders they are producing are going to be revolutionary and industry is going to find a wide array of uses for them.  Think additives for 3-D printing
True wsb level discussion that has it all; automod, removed post, ban request and someone calling op gay. This is truly the quality information we use every day to have an edge in the markets.
You idiot lol
It’s realistic if you want to carry certain risks. For example if you drop 100k into Boeing and sell weekly calls +5 bucks OTM calls that would easily net you 2500 but you’re gonna lose the stock eventually
Pm'd you
PW is ElonMusk?
Set up slack with rss feeds from legit news sources to channels named by my positions. Testing well so far. Real test happens Monday.
Imagine spending 90% of your life and money on a woman then found out she cheated on u. SIMP
$82
I would join theta gang, maybe do the wheel strategy?
Pretty easy if you play the theta gang gang
[deleted]
Ew baba, that aint gonna work out china shutting them down
Anyone got PTON calls for monday?
Lmao. Your asshole bout to feel the gap up on monday!
You started fine but ended retard3d. People who cant afford 500$ of stock dont move markets
Look at the bright side; someday you and everyone who knows you will be gone, and your little shit stain on existence will dry up and flake off, and nothing you did will matter.
[removed]
Stop eating breakfast. Eat only lunch and dinner. And drink coffee.
did you mean 500 or 50? or are you serious when you say 5?
I thought I did a fair job of listing out the good, risky, and downright bad about them. I covered their market, the technical risks they're facing, and even the lawsuits they're facing. It's not like I rolled in here and said Buy Buy Buy. It's up to you what you want to do with that information.
Very realistic.
Smart mother fucker. I doubled down Friday morning and pissed away gains
Buy a 4K monitor or ultra wide one in this Black Friday?
IV stands for implied volatility.  IV is an indicator of uncertainty, the higher the IV the more uncertainty.  Right before earnings, the IV spikes up dramatically, making option premiums more expensive as option sellers take on more risks.

After earnings report, IV usually drops dramatically since the uncertainty disappears. Since IV impacts the premium of the options, your call or put option loses value when IV deflates post-earnings.
Your shares are showing
Been sitting flat for weeks. This week is it's time
Anyone getting BABA calls monday?
I was +70% to -90%, letting expire before I ever sell negative
Been 8 months since I quit cigarettes. Feels great. Now I gotta figure out how to quit gaining weight. 🤣
Retard play on NIO because I wanna see you strive
Diversification
[me averaging down my december Xom calls](https://imgur.com/aGVfrMd.mp4)
I doubt you're a paramedic tbh. You're probably just an EMT
[deleted]
How realistic is it to make 2500$ a week with 100k capital?
Bdm

Big dick move
This is even better for PLTR right
Can someone concisely define Choomer? Is this someone who is old but loves trains?
Haha did a masters in engineering management. Army so we are used to deal with people early but surprising how civvie colleagues would never take responsibility for dealing with ppl
This would be truly retarded
Ahh yes, a much different kind of retard
TSLA is at strong support levels and you 🤡🤡🤡 are buying into shitty unproven/chinese🤮 EV stocks with market caps smaller than my self esteem 😂😂😂🤷‍♂️

11/17 EDIT: Yes I was holding TSLA calls and yes my wealth has significantly increased
The pilots bought puts on Boeing and crashed those planes themselves, change my mind. BA $200 6/17/21 Calls
Powell/Ackman running together for 2024 is my only hope
Getting your confirmation bias on tiktok? RIP in peace my guy. 
I only trust confirmation bias in meme form on wsb
Spce has nothing to do with Spacex other than they are a space transport company.
I lost 40% in a week. That man thought me a lot. But it was a pricey fucking lesson
start with import torch
[deleted]
Just would like to add. I believe NIO is a great long term company. I just saw they were getting way too much growth in that period. Tesla had its fall too but will regain control soon enough.
[deleted]
Exactly, I don't even understand their logic this would be the most obvious week for Boeing to shoot up.
Interesting..... I just searched WSB to see if anybody had posted about this bad boy. Looks like it’s just you and me Sheriff. I was about to post if you hadn’t. Will post more once I get a position.
reporting for duty
whats it called when u buy calls on a stock u own shares in?
I believe Citron had a buy rating on it.
Not everyone is smart enough to make money off options
I'm someone who actually enjoys the experience of flying commercial(and most of my trips are international). But this seems like something I could make sense of paying for in the future.
if she dies from Covid do you get the shares?
Doesn’t matter if we get a vaccine, demand is not coming back for a while. There will be people who don’t take the vaccine right away, and in general Boeing is a bankrupt boomer company that has no business being valued as high as it is, vaccine or not. Logical trades are not necessarily the right trades
Went from $300 -> $9k with NIO in the past two weeks. Could've been at $12k EOD yesterday but got greedy. Anyways, I took my gains and placed them in BABA 280 1/15/21 calls and PYPL 195 12/31/20 calls YOLO
Yup😎
I can only hope so
Proof
65c 11/20 this is the confirming words I came here to here. Now I am definitely going to make money after reading this comment
Na, TSLA never does shit after those launches
I know but people here are really naive and believe you guys are dying on the streets lol
The big question mark is their lack of ARM SOC that they can spin to compete if more laptops start using ARM to compete with Apple m1.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Cause they're talking about covid why the fuck would they turn it into a platform for public health
Twitter will rise from the ashes. Hail Dorsey
or you can buy putts 6 months out and put your money where your \_\_\_\_\_ is.
[deleted]
Bitch you better start selling options easy profit
Agredd. Earnings seem risky. Could be a sell the news event.
Do you look at the percent chance of profit when you buy options? Are you educated on all the Greeks and what they mean? Do you have experience paper trading options or at least using a smaller account than your main? Did you still lose all your money? Yeah that’s options. Buy and hold Retard.
I love watching bears get fucked
Yeah he has lost all confidence
*acts like he knows*

>  though no one really knows.
SPY puts coming back to life next week. Hope to break even on my shitty contracts purchased last Friday.
Why are all those people so butt hurt about NIO.

I´ve bought calls on Thursday and sold on Friday  for 400% gains.

Everybody saw a crash coming, but taking profit in the meantime does no harm.
I did buy calls EOD. I never short. Citron put out a piece on them which is what led to the drop I believe.
Implied volatility makes option expensive as stock could move heavily. By expiration or after a catalyst of uncertainty like earnings iv goes down cause its no longer as uncertain. This reduces the price of the option
[deleted]
26 y/o from Ontario, I lost just under 300k on SQQQ when I started trading. DM me if you ever want to chat.
[deleted]
Did debbie sell to Ed?
Jacked to the tits on spy puts, about to deposit another 10k and go all in on spy calls

Let the sleepless nights begin!
Should I pop my butt cherry on PLTR 12/24 @ 17.50

Or some absolutely retarded NIO play?
Crack, Is it crack ? I mean that’s a major drop for such a short amount of time.. 


Fuck it give me some because I’m in 😒
Because money can buy happiness to a degree.

It can make it so you never have to worry about which bill you can afford to skip this week.

It can make it so you have all the luxuries you could ever want.

What it can't do is buy love as much as some of you autists might hope.
The risk worth reward on Boeing for people that are willing to wait 1-3 years is pretty high. It is the same reason airlines are priced higher than people think they should be.
Yeah, what are u confused on? There's a guide right on their home page
yes i have probably 200k in NIO calls and shares
Who is OP? Everyone keeps talking about him here
Are you saying that is a good moment to buy calls for 2021 ?
What's the stock trading like on cash app? Seems like it's more popular than I thought from Squares last earnings
whenever you want. The only catch is that there’s a limit of how much u can put inside ur tfsa per year. So if u dump 5k this year and then withdraw 5k and put back 5k within a year, it means u would have contributed 10k, even though theres only 5k in ur account. So generally u just leave the money there
sounds like a ROTH IRA
Could eat a few on a flight
MM
Should’ve take some lucky 10% pussy gains and swap to bull


Everybody knows you can’t mess with nio
This does not make me feel confident about my puts
That’s....actually pretty reasonable
Nice! I also bought some puts for .2 when it went to 53$ and then sold them for 1.5 lol
what are yalls thoughts on pton this upcoming week? i could see 105-110
That i do get, but we lost 240k to the Rona , on an average year we lose 655k to just heart disease.
it's not even bad news. it's "guise nio numbers too high, sell. source: dude just trust me"
Oh jeebus.  He threw out the "we".
Good call. I'd like to add that my boner only goes up, therefore


*stonks only go up*
puts the same week the max is being recertified and were getting a moderna vaccine authorization update are logical? You might just be the retard
Because that makes sense
LADR at $2.70 a share back in March.  While the entire market was collapsing, the particular type of company that this is, mREITs, were facing much higher fears of disruption to income due to their business model (issuing loans for real estate).  This caused a couple leveraged ETFs to face margin calls, forcing them to liquidate their positions despite there not being many buyers.  From Feb 21 to Mar 18, it dropped 86%...but the book value of all their assets minus their debts was about $4 a share.  So even if they went under and liquidated, I was comfortable with the idea that I'd still profit.  Instead, they adapted, survived, and closed Friday at $8.44 plus a quarterly dividend of $.20.  So every three years or so, the dividend alone will pay back my investment
Boeing puts, seriously? Next week could have a lot of vaccine news from moderna and stuff, and stimulus talks seem to be starting again which will have stuff for airlines. Probably not a great time for Boeing puts.
Still have to pay for the flight though.  Not like an unlimited flight plan.
If I were you I would look up the meaning of "Theta options" in google.... then tattoo it on your forehead.
You punch your pro card?!
Absolutely correct.

About 34 million people in the US have diabetes. **90-95% of them are Type 2 diabetics**

https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/basics/type2.html

Strangely enough, very few people are recommending IF to reduce insulin levels to correct the Type 2 diabetes epidemic. It's almost like they make money on keeping people sick or something. Oh wait...*they do!*
I closed at first dip when it was down 8% and showed signs of reversal. Been working on taking profits better. Bought calls eod. See how it plays out
Consulting retard
The IV (extrinsic value) is priced into the contract
Helps your fingers dial faster
I have a position too, but everyone should be aware they are under investigation for breaching fiduciary duty and not disclosing all information to their shareholders
what would not let NIO moon this week?
Pton calls. Baba calls. Amd calls. PFE calls.
JPM 5 .09c to 5 $400c. My discord
Agreed. It’s fucking retarded and I love it. The truth is, if it’s a fraud, numbers will look good in the short term. If it’s not a fraud, numbers still can look good in the short term and even better in the long term!
Especially if its catered with their $1.50 hot dogs.
Anyone else jacked to the tits in nio calls
[deleted]
I would be more for it if we first address why the fuck college costs as much as it does.  Not against paying for community college at all.  Am against someone going to some private liberal arts school and not graduating and running up six figure debts tax payers have to cover which would be forgiven in this.
Fuck you im no Micheal burry by name one thing that NIO has done to you personally? Except be to scary to make money on.
Obviously this guy is #sobrave.  Just look at GSX, didn't see FOMO salt pinned on that one.
[removed]
but have they once asked people to be healthier? 100 press conferences i didnt once hear "hey go work out" "hey lay off the lard"
I haven't been hungover in 10 years. You'll quit being a bitch eventually kid.
she didn’t want to sell previously and it helped her. 

https://ibb.co/kGZPjH0
Elon is alive, tesla to the moon! 

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327705668271230976?s=21
god bless our TFSA😌no taxation
Because the market is retarded, and logical trades lose money
Cocaine only I’m afraid
Sure I'm bleeding red
Imagine really believing this would change the global reserve currency by 10% 🤡 

We’ve printed way more money for Coronavirus, it’s literally a non issue
I want that Mustang
Anyways PLUG 30c 11/20
65c 11/20 gamble responsibley
Hope you closed these eod Friday man
You get one share of momentus, it will transfer 1 to 1.
[deleted]
Oh Fuk at least I only have shares
This is WSB, your semantics are not welcome here. Ban this STD.
motherfucker i voted third party so suck my dick
No, but I haven't actually made any trades in a month now. A couple LEAPS that are reaching lotto ticket status at this point, and a bunch of cash that may eventually make it's way into the market.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TrivialWinner the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Status-update at the top
Wait how do you get the green robinhood theme??
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Tiktok is promoting all of the meme stocks from the last month, Pump and Dump from Zoomers incoming?

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju76nv
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju76nv) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/rulerBob8, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
tinoco19
rulerBob8
VodkaXan
Daurs
CallsOnAlcoholism
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Schmeelons recent tweet is about us
I have paid off my student loans. I'm still for it. We pay taxes so that people can not work at all and live on welfare their entire life. We get more as a society out of this.
No, this 10% cut counts for every luxury EV brand other than Nio, because nio is the only one with battery swaps
That seems like a deal
Whenever you want. Just 1 year before you can recontribute if you don't have any room, or else you get taxed a small hair for overdepositing.
Fuck I’m so hungover, I really need to stop drinking so much
Pfuckzer your puts
> Gave an update at the top.
I liked that show.
I've done this before (US $100k+loss), took me 5 years to break even because my jobs were minimum wage. At least you got a decent salary to bounce back quickly. The biggest lesson is to think long term. If I held the stock I had in 2015 and did nothing else, I'd be a millionaire.
Amzn is just really cheap on Friday. Allot of smart people say it will jump to 3700 in the near future. Looking at the revenue and corona news I have no reason to doubt this
Where you go when you short JMIA and get fucked so you try hanging yourself from a ceiling fan
Gave an update at the top.
I sold my put at 12pm and made $2400 profit. Not bad for 5 hour work lol. My main question will be if nio go back to $50 by Nov 27? Asking for a friend. P.s don't be greedy.
I’ve just withdrawn gains back into the bank.
I always comment this exact thing before regretting that I followed dd blind... fuck u/charcoal123, Im All In!!!
That's their average for 2015 though. Their average for being correct is now 54% according to [https://www.tipranks.com/bloggers/citron-research](https://www.tipranks.com/bloggers/citron-research)  


Pretty much a coin flip.
I’m thinking the plan is sell if I’m up on Monday, if I’m not hold for earnings
Moving Average bullish cross on the 50 and 200 day.
Is it like a casino inside a casino?
[Costco charging 17.5k to fly in a private jet for a year.] (https://www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle/costco-selling-private-jet-membership) Calls at open?
I don’t think that cancels out the 40k rule. Just the reduced 10% subsidy for cars under 40k but anyway who knows with that shady country. But like I said Tesla model 3 qualifies for the exemption so your point is moot.
[deleted]
There is a lot of student debt paid taken out by parents for example that is not included in that 90% number but to be fair not what is talking about being forgiven I assume.  Another 1.5 trillion instant raising of the deficit when under the strain already due to the pandemic and more stimulus is needed probably isn't going to happen right away.  But who knows.  Wouldn't count on it though.
I made thousands Friday with Puts and Calls. Sold most. Holding both short term Puts and Calls 11/20. Can't wait to see what happens Monday-Weds...
US isn't locking down again either.
[removed]
Yes
Nothing wrong with going for options opportunities at a reasonable price with a narrow spread on valuable companies
QQQ, SPY, AMZN...that’s high roller shit
I’m learning to stay in my price league
Shut the fuck up you Fox News watching, trump loving inbred
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Finance podcasts

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju85oq
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju85oq) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/jimandtonicc, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
jojofroyo
SigSalvadore
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Correct!
Puts on whoever makes Walmart scooters.
Just the news of the merging will boost the price on 2021 though.
Fuckin same dude let’s get it
Good boi
50/50. for both of our sakes i hope it prints.
I asked her if she wanted to sell previously and she said she rather hold. 

previous convo: https://ibb.co/kGZPjH0
stonks
There are many people in the health community who know how to fix insulin resistance in those that develop type two diabetes. It involves a lot of fasting to reduce insulin levels. Type 1 is a different beast.
You people go to the doctor?
[removed]
Public health was a big thing for Michelle and there have been other initiatives, but you can't take the greasy bacon cheeseburger from how ingrained it is in our culture.

How would you go about that even? With covid there's clear and obvious precautions to take to avoid it spreading, not really the case with fat food other than asking people nicely to be healthy
The market expects it to grow that large and stay there consistently. And tbh it's not too far fetched, maybe 50-70 would be a better band, but that's about it.
[removed]
idk, something to do on a Saturday
[deleted]
[removed]
Lol

Yea couldn’t tell if he was being sarcastic about that after all his other nasty posts
Oh man Tuesday night is going to be insane. My whole account is riding on La-Z-Boy
I did that after that meme about the company I can’t mentions which is the same as the last name of the space smuggler Han ****
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah.

As long as you don't get high six figures they won't come after you for trading, and even if they do, you can lawyer up to save a bunch of money.

I've had a curiosity for a while whether you could open the short leg of a spread in a margin account, and then the long leg in the TFSA, and then claim the losses on the short leg while making bank on the long leg.

You would need to trade frequently enough in margin to be deemed a day trader... but beyond that, why wouldn't this work?
Been watching for a while. Financials are good.. I can see it moving like crazy over the next 6 months
We learn a great deal from a bad example.
They go to work. Most of the time they probably just push a few buttons on their computer and pick up a prescription.

95% of medical conditions are easily diagnosable, especially for someone who has been through medical school.
[removed]
Muh rights!
Why's it got to be fake? Can't you just enjoy a kid dying?
Moby Dick and logical fallacies in the novel.
They don't care about individual people's wellbeing. Note that all summer covid was out there but most restrictions were lifted. They do care about not collapsing the healthcare system
I mean he did apologize when I linked the Wikipedia article for "big data" and pointed out the first word was 'analysis'.
☠️💸
why should i not dump money into boeing puts next week
i bought the same 50c at 46$. 50/50 i would say :(
It’s true
[deleted]
They talk to a different doctor to get another opinion
Ban just for that wall of text
Bot
and yes im still in fcx... i see 40 in the tarot cards.... jk of course, but 30 not out of the question
[deleted]
https://electrek.co/2020/04/23/chinas-new-ev-subsidies-disqualify-luxury-models-from-tesla-bmw-and-daimler/ read up buddy
NIO you are responsible for me getting gifts for my family this Christmas. They are either getting nice shit or nothing. The choice is yours. 

&#x200B;

NIO 11/20 50c
Worst case you will break even or possibly get a bit of profit if you bought it on Friday
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bot
https://www.ktsm.com/local/el-paso-news/inmates-help-move-bodies-as-they-pile-up-at-el-paso-medical-examiners-office/ coming to a city near you!
I already know a few people in NYC who are still not right months later after having it. It’s  not the majority, sure. But it’s also not like any of these people were old or had preexisting conditions.
Yea unfortunate this retard got greedy as we all would
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** What was your best trade? And how did you find out about it?

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju7ye8
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju7ye8) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Freez256, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Freez256
Jack-Skinne
CallsOnAlcoholism
A tv show.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
yeah but they are preventable and if we didnt have such an obese population we wouldnt have the highest death rate
Any other Canadians using their TFSA to gamb— I mean invest? 

For you non cultured American swine a TFSA is tax free. Meaning I don’t pay anything for the -$30K I’ve made this year 😭
not everyone needs one though, only old ppl, and obese ppl... so everyone in america basically
Nobody knows what it will do
Don't even come at me with your bullshit because I guarantee I know more about this than you. Yeah, sure, a monitor "monitors", but the DISPLAY is still an EKG.
Yeah, because capitalism saw an opportunity and built out health care infrastructure to manage diabetes as a steady business. The last thing they want is a cure for diabetes.

COVID? Blah, one-and-done pandemics aren't good for long term business! Let them overwhelm ICUs and die.
RIP in peace 🪦🥀
[deleted]
Unless this is some meta commentary trolling on this sub's obsessive and perpetual pursuit of whales, I'd be happy to give it a look over. If I dont get to it today, I can look it over tomorrow while I have my coffee. PM me
6 figures in the march crash. another 10k then playing small positions. life is good. 

Also I grow my own supply. I probably pull 1lb every 4 months. I don't even think about rationing. I smoke before I workout and then recreationally throughout the day. If feeling good mentally and physically is wrong then I don't wanna be right.

People that are dependent on it are not the same as your old school stoner. don't confuse the two.
As dumb as this sub is I’ve actually learned a lot from it.
but if we know and have always known that unhealthy people are more likely to die of shit then why the fuck have they made zero intent on making america healthier?
Calls on false dichotomies.
Bought SLV near its lows in March. I learned about the long term gold to silver ratio. And now I’m up like 40%
Bought into 11/20 NIO calls when it was at $45, how fucked am i
how / why?
Give this tendie king some flair... mod.. mod!!!
I just read their paper and said they were 20-40% more energy dense. Tesla can make batteries than are nearly 50% more energy dense. What is the targeted uses of this? Just small portables like laptops?
You realize that over 90% of student loan debt is federal? Companies that you make your payments to are servicers of that debt. A forgiveness would only apply to federal debt anyway.
nio
The chosen one will prevail and pop up to 65$ on Tuesday. The sentinels and rogue program known as agent Smith will not defeat Neo
Jack to the tits on SPY 355p 11/16 I’m either a rich man or a very poor man
[deleted]
do you realize how fucking dumb we've managed to make ourselves look?
[deleted]
Goddamnit. I have too much money in NIO to be doing this. FML
buying 5 shares on Monday 😔
Lol. I am! I don’t see shit about that. And also you can get a Model 3 for under 40k now. I believe for 36k
We’re about to be hit by massive deflation, SLV is dead
 😳🕶️🤏🏻 Don't make me cry tears of joy

Where fractional apple shares will be legal tender
ELI5: 

SRAC is trading at \~$10 now with a cap of $228m. When it will merge with momentus and become a new ticker, SRAC owners will own 25% of the new ticker, according to them. 

What exactly does that mean when they merge? If i aquire a share of SRAC right now, i only buy 1/4 of a share of the new ticker? What will the market cap / share price of the new ticker be, compared to SRAC?
[deleted]
Anyone else take money people send them on Cash App and buy stocks?
[removed]
🤣 Timtown sounds like a wonderful place
Not overwhelming? Damn you should really talk to a nurse in El Paso right now. Fucking morons. Literally a Google search is all it takes. Doctors don't even enter the fucking rooms anymore and inmates are carrying bodies out. US has way too many morons and clearly this sub does too. Not that that was ever debated.
You know what, ill hold at least another 2 weeks because you posted this. =)  
Last earnings they posted a 15% beat and the price fell.
[removed]
This is the study group
whats ER?
“*costco with Down syndrome*”
Don't do it lol
Heart monitor is not the same as EKG you autistic fuck. EKG is a snapshot of rhythm through a few cycles, monitors are put on patients that need constant monitoring.  This lesson was sponsored by an autistic ER paramedic. Now go short TSLA retard.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_Russia–Saudi_Arabia_oil_price_war
I'd sub
Absolutely market taking a dump and ZM going back to $500 this week. Moderna successful results are priced in...there will be a sell the news or sell the miss on effectiveness of vaccine.

https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-11-13/markets-are-already-pricing-a-successful-moderna-vaccine-shot
Statistically you can make 3x-5x more lifetime career earnings switching jobs more than staying in one for long periods of time.
PLEASE DO SOME RESEARCH. THIS BONUS RESTRICTION DOESNT APPLY TO CARS THAT BATTERY SWAP. RESEARCH IT YOU AUTIST.
>You had over 100k at just 25 yr of age? That's incredible.

No doubt given to him by relatives.
Europeans were all very welcoming to me as an American. Other than the French, I pretended I was Spanish when I needed directions. But especially the Germans, Irish, and eastern Europeans were all very nice
Fr we have a bunch of fuckin idiots who can't follow even the easiest of guide lines, OP is proof of this.
I have an PC, recently upgraded for Cyberpunk. Leave the basement sometimes lmao I play video games casually.
I played tennis for 3 hours and 30 minutes already.
I just signed up for options trading and everything looks so tasty
Stock split at $1000
Diabetes and cholesterol are not contagious. Try to think logically just once in your life
The premarket is gonna fuck you. You'll be in the red before you can even sell those.
Silver?
Well if she does she can blame it on you.
Majority of Americans are not willing to raise their own taxes to pay off strangers student loan debt can almost guarantee.  It doesn't magically disappear.  There will be big costs.  Trust me there is a huge age divide on this issue.
hope you sold at the dip
[removed]
Checking the weekend dow is like trying to jerk off, wasted at 2am... it just ain’t happenin’
Ive been holding 6 weeks and selling safe CCs. Not exactly gambling lol
Bigger balls than I do.
Wrong.. it was FoxNews
There’s just got to be a preset limit. 20% gain, 30%, 50%, whatever you feel confident in making, but you just have to stick to it and commit to selling.
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-11-13/markets-are-already-pricing-a-successful-moderna-vaccine-shot

Priced in
[deleted]
I fucking can’t wait for Monday just thinking about it makes me randy
Where can I sign up for your trading program
you think it has a chance to test the highs from Feb 2000?
Whoever awarded this comment is though
tim apple plaza
Bro it is overwhelming the healthcare system you just can’t see it because of the nanobot flies sending signals to distort our reality
I didn’t like that super pump before close Friday, so I got some spy puts. I’m switching back to NIO calls Monday or Tuesday though.
Yep should be at least $570 range by earnings
Lololol
Heart disease kills over 655,000 people a year in the u.s. alone. diabetes another 80k, not overwhelmimg because a shit load of people with covid go home the next day or couple days perfectly fine
Game of the year? Rhe award thats paid for by publishers and means nothing? Also single player games arw for casuals. RDR2was horse riding simulator
any college students interested in a WSB study group
They talk to the mirror while flexing their muscles.
Ok well ya asked how not what's gonna happen after.
Yeah. It doesn’t exclude NIO. You can’t just make up facts because they support your argument
CNBC: *"NIO announces coronavirus vaccine"*
it's on Moby Dick LOL
Then the reality will set in that there won't be enough doses for everyone for a year or so.
Lol the difference is that this is contagious and we didn't have a cure dingus
Yes.. they’ll do a  face to face meetings
Why do you say for sure? That would cost them tons of votes in future elections.
Did you ever thought about the day when autonomous taxis are everywhere in the world? what do you think is a better solution then, charging each taxi for a few hours instead of making money 
or simply swapping the battery in 3 minutes? 

and what about regular taxis & uber in the near future?

the swapping technique is the most future proof and scalable solution
True. Yeah dude Ark can push this shit up on it's own too I know a lot of people that just follow trades they are making.
A doctor
So sell Tuesday, cry if it goes up because you shouldn't have sold, cry if it tanks because you should have sold all?
nah
Send me to Illuminati orbit
Can confirm it's NOT piretes of the caribbean
🖐🏼 spy 11/16 360c
Thanks for this post, however, the information here is not connected enough to be considered DD.

From the Submission Flair Guide:

> Due Diligence: The research you have done on a specific company/sector/trade idea.

What is the specific company/sector/trade you're interested in after listening to all these podcasts?

Also, we don't allow self-promotion. So no YouTube channel. Sorry about that!
I mean the food lobby is a thing you know? A deep pocketed thing.
Sounds gay
Yes and if they do that when the banks start to fail then good luck getting Mitch to bail them out.  Talking over a trillion here.
Shower thought. Where do doctors go when they have to see a doctor.
Is that pod cast any good?
Not entirely I dont think lol
What's it about? May be interested later on after I get some stuff done

Btw: a few weeks ago, WSB was a pain/sleep clinic. Now it might become a study group lol
Already had a 16% spike on the 16th, you really think it’s still got some juice left
logical fallacies in Moby Dick
Probably
Yep get on it last week this dd has aged well
Thanks man, this will definitely be living in my head rent-free for a while but I know I'll get over the pain someday.
Trades at a huge discount to Zillow and Redfin despite larger growth and a better mouse trap. Should be $30-$40 once it has merged as then the mutual funds can buy in.

What's amazing is that ARK Invest has put in $50MM+ and has accumulated nearly 10% of the float (pre merger) which is huge. Will create a herd mentality of other funds once its trading as OpenDoor.
Yeah you probably stink too, you have to be pretty gross for escorts to turn you down.
As soon as PLTR dishes out the 10 bagger I'm going SLV leaps
That's like 150 USD.
Problem with Micheles plan wasnt what she was taking OFF the menu it was what she was trying to replace it with, which was trash. Also noteworthy is the power of the food lobby.
Tech literally could declare its own country 😳

Imagine Appletania with Bezo city and Timtown with its famous fifth Jeff Ave
[deleted]
For $12 he could buy some mints and still have money left over for a hooker.
Kids have strong ass hand grip and she held on for dear life
Portfolio= entirely nio calls

12/28 — 57c

Am I fucked?
Literally sold my jan UBER calls... thank you... but 10P is just for the cheap leap? cause that's insane... they'll likely sell to papa musk before letting it get that low and 🚀
It's called an EKG you uncultured swine. Or ECG if you're a from the less wealthy western world.
Yeah lol I linked him this: https://www.palantir.com/pt_media/big-data-palantir-a-better-kind-of-crystal-ball/

Can’t wait to see how he explains his way out of Palantir being big data now 🤡
BAN
Not even talking about forcing people.  Our stupid ass leadership didn't even encourage it early on because we were so disorganized they though morons would make a run on PPE like they did TP.
you  never did well in school huh?
Will NVDA moon?
Do you guys hear that? It's the beautiful sound of stimulus talks starting back up.
why you need to watch black mirror on netflix when u just have to exist
You guys are like wannabe Tesla fan Boyz.  This shit is nothing at all like a papa musk following but you penny chasers are so desperate to find.  Go make some YouTube videos before you cry about Citron.  You all sound like a bunch or reeeetards trying to pump the tires of some biotech Penny's stock. Literally upset chasing a stock up like 5000% from lows last year.  Love this sub.
This and Griezmann hasn’t been playing good for 2 seasons now
Huh. That dude looks like David Kroll from the Kroll show
How do you lose money on microsoft..
If this happened in the 50's when we had much more trust and respect for federal institutions (and funding too) then we'd do a much better job, even with respect to the technological disadvantages of the time period relative to today.
It's misinformation from theta gang... And that's why it's said they pick up pennies in front of a steamroller...
Maybe closing state borders to deter travel for thanksgiving? Don’t see much beyond that.
Did you miss the part about that rule not counting for nio, because nio has battery swap technology? This wouldn't affect nio at all is my point, and China did this to purposely give Nio an advantage over tesla. they supported the factory because they want more jobs, they don't want people buying cars from an american company.
It’s a fickle thing cuz you wouldn’t get there without greed in the first place. I’ve decided setting ambitious goals and selling when you hit them is the best strategy.
What do you typically trade that’s so rinse and repeat like that?
Nope. I have yolo calls in place 60c 11/27
yup
They literally brag on their website about how they have gone the furthest in understanding big data: https://www.palantir.com/pt_media/big-data-palantir-a-better-kind-of-crystal-ball/

Really not sure how you’ve managed to convince yourself Palantir isn’t a big data company while being so condescending to the multiple people who corrected you.

If your first inclination is to insult my intelligence, then kindly take a moment to notice my link describing them as big data is from *palantir.com*

- Just Another Dude Working In Big Data
You see how Americans reacted insanely to even the slightest advice about how to stop preventing the spread of a virus?

Fauci would be attacked in the streets tomorrow if he told people they need to stop stuffing their faces. 

I'm sure he wants to say it, but he's also has a sense of self-preservation and understands how retarded we are as a country.
Next week will be green.

Monday: MRNA vaccine announcement (vastly improves Covid outlook because their vaccine does not require extremely cold storage), Wednesday: next vaccine pump as PFE files for FDA emergency approval of their vacvine, Friday: first signs of Trump surrendering.

BULLISH AF
Insane ps5 demand + everyone buying a new tv for it (likely Sony) + Rona -> SNE 🆙. This concludes my Ted talk. 

3/19/21 SNE $90c
This!
I’m an engineering manager who used to be a developer. Trying to get back.
The only thing I would worry about with those are this gay sector rotation AMD is really undervalued rn though.
No.
=rbet all day
thanks, focusing on my health and career for now. Will be damn hard to put this behind me but nothing I can do about it now. The past is the past.
ahh same i got airbus for 52 EUR
The Higher Education Act of 1965, which created the federal student loan program, authorizes the education secretary to “compromise, waive or release” federal student loan debts.
You sold a put at $40? Might get assailed but fuck if that’s not smart
Yes
Their evidence is pure speculation. That their car prices are too much compared to Tsla. 

&#x200B;

Citron is known for being wrong all the time. Wayfair, Tesla, Zoom, Pton, and many more. He was long Luckin. 

&#x200B;

"Left isn’t the only short seller betting against Nio. According to New York-based financial analytics firm[ S3 Partners](https://observer.com/2020/01/tesla-stock-downgraded-by-wall-street-banks-elon-musk-pay-package/),  short sellers who have placed financial bets on Nio shares falling have  logged a total of $3.5 billion in paper losses this year so far. "
My girlfriend literally talked me out of putting 1k down on that stock and ive literally been pissed since then😤😤just gonna trust my gut next time
You know who AIN'T locking down again? Gyna.

You know who's gettin rich on JD calls next week? This guy! 🤠
🤔 trying to think of the last time diabetes overwhelmed our health care system and left us with entire cities without anymore icu capacity. You're a moron and the reason we need a vaccine sooner than later.
They’re separated as far as the shopping carts extend. The line also extends further, but couldn’t capture it in one pic
What channel
Well politicians threw a shitfit when NY (I think it was) tried to limit the size of pop drinks which are basically the most toxic thing you can ingest.  They also ripped on Michelle Obama for trying to implement healthy eating on schools.  So yeah that whole regulating bad foods thing wouldn't work out that well.
You’re going to be okay brother. Take this loss as a lesson and one day you’ll laugh about it. Keep your head up.
God I know. I’ve learned my lesson. Greed killed me.
Again, I don’t doubt your research and bullishness on NIO
;)
Gambling is only an addiction when you’re bad at it and you sir, are awful at it
[deleted]
Nio back to 50 on Monday?
We going to the moon, boys 🍆🍆
I think you spelled Nio wrong
what if you buy long term? like a year out?
Yeah, thats too many people in the line especially during this time
Freedom 🍟
"Left isn’t the only short seller betting against Nio. According to New York-based financial analytics firm[ S3 Partners](https://observer.com/2020/01/tesla-stock-downgraded-by-wall-street-banks-elon-musk-pay-package/),  short sellers who have placed financial bets on Nio shares falling have  logged a total of $3.5 billion in paper losses this year so far. "

I wonder how many others are down many more billions.
Wait, you started with -$1,300? How'd you get out of the hole?
[deleted]
Welcome to the nio casino. Casnio.
I'm mostly. Couldn't figure out what the play was. Vaccine bump looks like its on the way and thus Tech will go down, but that already kind of happened Friday since news is expected next week. If that's the case, then would there be a selloff of travel stocks instead when the news comes out if its priced in? Would China stocks also be considered tech/covid stocks? Just decided to throw some money into palantir and wait for another entry.
As a doctor, I recommend you leave your basement lair once per week for the next four weeks.
Clearly you don't, because you have proven you know nothing about both nio and the Chinese EV market.
Lol. Tesla always consolidates after a massive run up and before the next one. And if you think TSLA is overvalued and not NIO, you clearly don’t know much about valuation.
great comment, thanks
That's because he has a concept of long... He's gambling, just like an adult.
Just cos you have money doesn't mean you can act like a jerk.
8000% is boring, we aim for 20k%+ otherwise go back to r/investing you 🌈🐻
So you say most of your stocks have gone down and still criticise someone with a solid performance on a solid stock like that? Dont get me wrong my YTD performance is 50%, I think that that is quite good compared to the indexes that average 8% in good years. See this sub is mostly a joke but I think going off on someone with 30% performance  like that is just stupid and makes you look like a loser. A lot of things happened this year that rekt boomer and believe it or not most of us wont be able to achieve two/three- digit performances in the future too...
[deleted]
Looks like the heartbeat of a wsber over a day
[deleted]
What the hell are you on about put aside your anti Biden bias for a second and look objectively at the question there was no mention of free medicare green deal or ending coal.    

The question was just what happens if bidens cancels all student debt.

Explain  how the banks suddenly loosing a huge amount of money owed to them benefits them in the short term?

If everyone suddenly has their student loans repayments freed up will be great for economy think of all the new money people will have freed up.

They can go buy more things go out to eat more.

Make bigger purchases.   Nothing here is bad for the economy.     I have never seen the so called trickle down work.

But trickle up will work a hell of alot better.    All those big companies would do great    every chicken shop owner will be a billionaire with all u guys buying your tendies
How fuckin ugly are you dude they'll fuck anyone lol
Bro... what the fuck that's so bad.
The market inverses wsb

Now it will moon 😎 ty retard
Hpq is starting to send out samples in December.  They supposedly have a lockdown on the cheapest process.  Hoping to post mad gain porn by the summer.
Topic?
If you count the wife, the kids, and the house then yeah
Yea lol, they use company money to squeeze so they can cash out their money. It is great but u gotta buy at the right time........
Yeah well we can't play by their rules because Western life equation includes freedom.. and China life doesn't. so.. that's the price to pay for freedom.
[deleted]
 Na, not a little bitch like you
Now it's all Nio this, Nio that...and I like it!
MODS = GODS

I also said ban bets because if someone has cash tied up and can’t get positions but wants to post a DD they can just bet their account. And if they’re wrong we never see them again
That’s what I’m doing thus far but I see all these retards making 1000% gainz and I get FOMO
Damn bro i just didn’t realize how fucked up they become after leaving their line of work
It's easily a 100B+ company by what their prospects are atm IMHO
Let's wait and see the plan. Nobody is seriously talking about cancelling all of it. Biden has never endorsed student debt forgiveness at all, outside of earmarking some stimulus money to go towards student debt.
First of all this would effect NIO as well since all their cars are over 40k. 

2nd, none of that supports your claim that Tesla will be out of China.

You might want to look up how much China has done to support Tesla’s Shanghai gigafactory. Including 1.8 billion in low interest credit and massive bending of the rules by government
[Get me some puts on Brunettes and i'll keep playing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC5NcQjDj-Y)
[deleted]
Next time you’ll sell. I’ll admit I had a setback my first Runup because I thought I could get to 25k in one trade and ended up diamond handing till 10k
Bro IPOB though, could be huge those calls are so cheap and they're just about to do a merger.
whats it about?
Tsla has been a boomer for the last 2 months. No one knows when it'll have a breakout, could take months or years because they're so overvalued.
Sure, we could add proof of positions as a DD requirement.
Even assuming a miracle happens and Dems win both senate seats in the runoff they won't be able to get rid of the filibuster and the GOP would go to the mat over something that big for sure.
I jumped in yesterday but want to go deeper monday
That would be really nice. I moved half of my portfolio into cash after the recent rallies. Would be happy to see a new buying opportunity
Not really. There are too many in the beginning research phase. It would be like investing in a pre-revenue company like NKLA. There are a few potential good ones, but not many.
You don’t have protective puts in place?
[deleted]
Crash and burn into the ground
no but if it falls heavy for two days it bounces back

it rises bigly for two days, will fall
Hahaha some kindergarden bs this is
How did you get seismic indicator onto the app? Nice hack!!!
Nothing.. literally just what i call "meme stock arbitrage".. akin to adding the "dot com" prefix to your company name in the 2000's, that's what adding "EV technologies" is in this era..
I do do my research, just a little too much for you to comprehend apparently. Good for you, but look into tesla a little more and you’ll see what I mean
They say it be like it is but it don’t.
[deleted]
Imagine trading responsibly
[deleted]
i hear they outsourced their recruiting to the dmv
News?
Walmart runs its own shitty wholesaler Sams Club. BJs is basically the same thing. They’re both just Costco’s with down syndrome.
But nio is better than spce!
[deleted]
Spy puts.
IPOB (OpenDoor - disrupter of one of the largest markets ever - real estate)

Or OAC (For Hims - literally a company that sells people pills to make you hard)
She's an escort bro. Who knows where her head is at. Don't sweat it.
I’m holding Nio Calls and Nio Puts. Fuck Theta when it Moon either way after earning.
I have been trading responsibly for a month now, need to yolo Monday to feel like a man again.
does anyone wanna proofread my essay
Maybe since you won't take my word for it, you can read what others have to say about it : https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tesla-faces-china-wipeout-2030-090559425.html
Oh my bad. I'm completley retarded.
[deleted]
To be clear tanks yes...... but there are may reasons for it to drop below $20 based off of a BAD ER AND TERRIBLE DELIVERY
I’ve been meeting so many nice guys on grindr tho
Don't you worry child. There is no earnings dump, it's only up from here on out

China won't let their baby get chucked due to some ugly ass short seller and his  🌈🐻 article about wooo... Tesla price cuts... Woooo, Nio is done for. Lmao, that article looked like it was written by a mad kid that got bullied in high school and had nothing better to do in his lunch break than to try to diss the chad that gets all the attention and girls
[deleted]
[deleted]
Weekend dow is the most useless indicator on the planet
All in on AMZN
2021 is too soon for MNTS, shouldve bought warrants
Exactly. I am a budget gay
Don't get into options you'll lose everything. Buy the dam stock you'll still make money.
The line looks longer because everyone's spaced out.
Why should someone buy a stock which is already overpriced when there isnt even a hype around it anymore?
[deleted]
Tanks yes..... drops.... no....
[deleted]
Do you think BABA 275c 1/15/21 are a good move?
Or you invest it in a 3x leveraged ETF. You will beat the market every year and you'll do better than the simple interest and compound interest scenarios.
Lol this isn’t about COVID
[removed]
i think i’d rather charge my car overnight rather than wait in line for a new fucking battery so i can drive to work...
It's just like puts. If you have them, put them down
Guilty
Not really, depend on where you love $60K is nothing. I make $60K too, but that mortgage is gonna crush me since house here is 450K+
I'm not invested in wells fargo dickhead. I've made over 60 percent on my portfolio in just last 2 weeks. Without trading options. and nio recently partnered with Mobileye, the leading autonomous car technology company on the planet. Please do some research before pretending you know what you're talking about.
He said 299 shares extra. 
299 + 1 = 300.
So asking if you need me to show my work or if you just arbitrarily pulled 400 out of your ass? Maybe it’s like a soft flex on what you’re holding? Idk. Was curious why 400 and not 300 or 500?
Yea, because you know that’s the only way it tanks next week

🤷🏻‍♂️
Why do people keep saying this..
[deleted]
good point, why spend more money to be equally gay?
Monday is good but I think yesterday was the move.
Anyone else cash gang?
https://imgur.com/gallery/78dQMZ7
You son of a bitch.  I'm all in.
Username checks out
Imagine giving a fuck about women you SIMP

🤡🤡🤡
It’s ok I’m happy to answer them. Well GME is weird, I can’t rly put a PT on it since it’s one of a kind. The bearish case is if nothing I said happens, Q3 earnings suck, and we just stay in the 9-10 range till Q4 earnings, which should be great. The bullish case is everything I said happens, earnings are much better than expected, and we have consistent 10-20% days in a row of shorts covering. The thing is, no stock has ever had this much short float, it’s literally double what OSTK was (70%), and OSTK went from about 20 to 130 in a month and a half, GME is 140%. So there is no gauge on what GME can hit, the sky is the limit. I recommend shares if you want to get in, or April calls, January calls are risky cuz there’s a chance we stay flat till January.
Get a kindle Oasis it changed my reading game. Read like 10x as often now. Finished 20 500+ page books in the last 6 months
Ask her onlyfans instead
You would like black mirror - 15 million merits
Lmao. I hope they get caught in a massive fraud scheme.....
Yea, those bears are fucked
Whopping 0.2%
How do I make my portfolio look like a Parkinson’s patient’s signature?
Seems to me people should be investing in batteries/battery tech for the next wave.  HPQ-TSXV.  100k shares long and strong.
So are you holding and staying in?
good. I want it to dump. cheaper shares. stupid idiot
I was a huge fan of huawei before google neutered them in the US.  Interesting take.  I talk to a lot of Asians coming in from China and Japan and get a pretty good feel about their preferences but obviously living amongst them is going to be more honest exposure. Appreciate the information brotha!
Unless you’re on your deathbed it’s never too late to start making the most of it. Doesn’t really matter what the catalyst for actually taking shit seriously is, sometimes it’s a big event like getting fired or failing an exam, or sometimes it’s just that you’re tired and frustrated with mediocrity. Either way if we dedicate ourselves to turning it around all that failure becomes just the lessons we needed to finally succeed. And as long as you eventually make it, what got you there will fade into memories. Obviously we should try to get there as soon as we can, but it is what it is. All you need is a goal, a vision, and to start actually working towards it, then have an open mind and revise the plan as you go, and always ask if it’s what you really want (as learning about yourself is also an evolving process)
now that I think of it, there is a Wendy's nearby. Only 20k blowjobs at $5 a pop and I should be back to even.
Or I can keep my money in actual assets, where they will work for me, and be safe from dollar crash. That said, all in on nkla shares.
Absolutely cannot beat the aesthetics and build quality of iPhones. I got a 12 Pro myself and have never been happier with a phone.
And yes merging with nio right
[deleted]
Everybody likes a good BJ
[removed]
Hell yeah granny I got Feb calls
$NIO at 3.   YouTube lol
How exactly is Biden going to do that with Mitch running the senate?
[deleted]
all the gatekeepers have pornstars on their podcasts. weaken the masses by filling their heads with smut and dope all the time.
That’s all of these big stores. 100 customers, 3 cashiers moving slower than a dead body doing the same job. 

I have a theory that Walmart cashiers are the slowest moving animals on the planet.
[deleted]
That’s why it was the game of the year over RDR2 (another fantastic game).
[deleted]
Damn it’s crazy what is a business these days
just like elon had it and didnt have it and then had it then didnt have it again
He’s gonna need to print a lot of money to pay for it. $1.5 trillion in student debt is owed. Plus the second round of stimulus and anything else he decides to give away for free.
maybe the fact that china's government literally passed a law saying all EVs in china over 40k are ineligible for EV bonuses, except for battery swap cars. And tesla is the only other luxury EV brand other than Nio, so this literally only hurts tesla and helps nio. And the fact that china gave nio hundreds of million dollars in capital and loans. And the fact that in a recent chinese population survey, significantly more people said they preferred nio over any other EV company. I'm not making shit up, you just don't do research.
I’m gonna fap to NIO loss porn this week
I bought for 10k more at 52 and I didn't panic for even a second. We. are. going. to. the. FUCKING MOOOON!
I put 50% of my money into NIO shares and even bought Friday morning and I’m still up. NIO has a ring on her finger and I’m holding till a get tired of money.
Imagine being a SIMP 

🤡🤡🤡
Buying up airline stocks in March, made like 2k.  There wasn't a replacement for them just a global pandemic.  Feels weird knowing the best play of my life was on the back of millions dead.
Too real.
🙏
The crazy thing is the new COD still looks amazing on PS4.
Thanks, Guido. Hoping so!
[removed]
GOW? The game that hasn't been relevant since 2007?
Shit. I belong to this sub.
Everything is bullish now so expect biggest green candle ever on Monday.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Hedge funds file late on Friday with the SEC for several reasons the biggest being to keep buys as secret from the public as long as possible. Hope this helps per what stocks probably still have an open position for Monday.

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju7lsh
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju7lsh) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Yahoogone, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Daurs
Wolfe_Regalia
jaguarpawww
Jack-Skinne
NOW IT WILL DUMP

FUCK YOU
They are stocks. Casino stocks.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
wonder if rogan turns on him then
Costco all the way
I’ve had RH for like 2 1/2 years but only started trading a month and a half ago so I my all time graph looks really wonky.
So you are telling me they are using the money to make the squeeze happens? That would be awesome for me not gonna lie.
Position means something completely different than what I thought.
I didn’t think of that.
Imagine using a console, ever.
Gme had a high short interest but still hasn't squeezed. If it ever does, don't expect it to be any soon and for theta to eat your ass.
sounds like an r/stocks type of guy
thanks man, appreciate you.
People paying their student loans are not propping up 10% of the dollar's value.
Gyna: Rule by Law Not Rule of Law.
Put this on a fuckin shirt
They aren’t losing market share. They’re ahead in autonomy which I guess your smooth Brian can’t comprehend. Have fun investing in NIO and Wells Fargo plus the 30% of “leading” companies in the S&P that are ripe for disruption. If you ever look back on this thread in 10 years not only will you realize how much money you left on the table but by that point your doctor might discover your extra chromosome
Sounds tedious.
Lol
Was watching a porn star on a podcast now i feel super guilty
Starbucks employees rejoice!
majority kick it quick , of course diabetic, unhealthy people are excluded from that majority.
I think I might jump on Baba Monday
Please let wmt and spce go crazzzy on monday
Just remember every time it touches again there’s less and less orders waiting to be filled at that level.
Lockdowns don’t work when you have uncontrolled community spread. The US never did an actual real lockdown anyway. No one was ever limited to their homes.

Bidens advisors have already scrapped the idea: https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/biden-advisor-dr-gounder-says-covid-advisory-panel-doesnt-support-full-us-lockdown.html

And you know mango isn’t going to do anything.
thanks man, I'm definitely going to keep my head down and focus on my career from now on. Grinding and saving as much as I can until I can afford a downpayment on a house.
Thanks.
Yeah I’m big sad, I want a freaking yacht.

Live is so unfair only the rich get richer.

I’m about to start reading the communist manifesto and  join the movement

Hopefully AOC will let me see those pepperonis
cmon, there were some wholesome comments in the beginning
ok, please tell me what form of government China has
[removed]
The iPhone 11 Pro was only my third ever smartphone(2nd iPhone with the 8 being the first) and I love it. I don’t care what the Android nerds have to say. It has everything I need it to do. We’re blessed to live in such a technology based society
The hell ya doin in Boca... average age there is like 85.
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shareholder-alert-monteverde-associates-pc-010000433.html
You gonna play GOW on there?
According to stocks like WYNN and LVS, casinos have been trending down for years.
How is it spiking if everyone is #saferathome 🤡
FOMO coming Tuesday after earnings. Can't wait for the exact of this post lol
I was just thinking it could be beneficial if I were to need cash this coming year. Like to sell some now that way I could minimize my tax liability since I have huge losses
EB Jan 15 2022 15$ Calls
[deleted]
Lmao yes I'm gambling with options which means I have a high faith in capitalism and the functionality and service to the economy that the stock market provides.

😂
That can be a long wait which is a lot of money on options and on shares that are gonna go down. I think one more squeeze and the company is done for. If ur a CEO of a dying company and you wanna cash out you use the companies money to buy back shares to squeeze the stock so u can cash out profitably. The squeeze will probably come after Black Friday on console selling news breaking records cuz ppl using stimulus money
Very happy
puts on my mental wellbeing
I was smoking a doink with a guy who's name rhymes with shmelon shmusk and he told me that he's planning to move to Chyna.
Or everyone actually read and researched further and realized what a load of 💩 it was, and FOMO’ing back.
im sending you wikipedia articles too. So Kim jong un is a democrat? stupid fuck

The CCP embedded its roots from the Maoist era. Thats mostly what the wikipedia article you linked talks about.

Its vastly changed since then, even in your wikipedia article it mostly talks about the ideology.
PLTR should be $100
I relate to this all too much, unfortunately.
Don't know haven't done DD on it.  Not a fan of value at all.  Pretty underweight in it in my portfolio so only know about the turds that get pumped over at SA.
It's all over the thread mate https://youtu.be/NUYvbT6vTPs
I think you'd get better results from a reminder bot
Makes sense. I’ll definitely think about tailing this. What’s your PT? Sorry bout all the questions Chief
Fine. Nikola is the future of gravity based engine technology.
Yea she calls it long term prostitution I call it long term gains highly recommend 10/10 trade
Retards so eager to find the next TSLA and always just end up cucked, when the real deal is staring them in the face with IV at near all time lows.
They really wanna open that can of worms huh. Now we’ll see this subs true autism
Yup
You can still be pretty miserable for a long time.
Mango relief bill going to send SPY to $400
Bröther
No thanks
That's a product of your desensitization, I wasn't talking only about kinky porn. Of course you're going to want to act out the kinks in real life too. But the remedy is the same, stop watching porn altogether, stop feeding the dopamine receptors. Stick to masturbating with your thoughts only and real life sexual encounters.
[removed]
GM!!! They’re ramping up huge in the EV market and are currently partnered with a China company to sell the most EVs in China.
Imagine buying a gaming console when PCs exist.
Bought (what was hopefully) the dip on ZM at close
its not a fucking coincidence 

&#x200B;

low iv means pussy ETF like around here hence the low comment volume
Seems like next week will be bloody
Looks like a terribly run company they can’t even handle the queue.
Biden shutdown will be followed by UBI as everything permanently closes. Bullish for stocks though, look at Venezuela.
I SHALL RECRUIT YOU!!!!

Ievan polka https://youtu.be/7yh9i0PAjck https://youtu.be/NUYvbT6vTPs
[removed]
Short squeeze, I’m expecting something similar to JKS and OSTK. Earnings should be much better than expected and we could possibly get guidance would be great. Next week options are indicating an insane move is coming. Someone sold 6000 20p’s expiring next week, meaning they think it’ll go above 20 by Friday. Also the 20c and 25c all have insane OI. They’re betting we get news next week for GME, maybe a partnership or someone buys a huge stake. If this gets to the 20’s, shorts will have to start covering, with many of them being underwater and some literally losing more than what they paid. On the contrary, it could be like VW which was a fast mega squeeze that 5x’d VW very quickly. If the float keeps dropping, and it is announced next week that someone bought another massive stake, shorts will be forced to cover, and it will be madness
[deleted]
What about HD? Isn't it undervalued?
yes
You guys remember way back in the days when everything was 🥭this 🥭that. Everything was 🥭🥭🥭...
This guy gets it.
draftkings
[deleted]
There's a storm coming, Mr. Wayne.
Imagine buying a PS5 just for COD. Lmao wait till GOW or another Uncharted comes out.
So you bought at the top and sold during TSLA consolidation for the next massive run up. Brilliant.
Someone watches the latest episode of chat with traders and suddenly they are a Chinese stock fraud guru.
Might finally get less resistance to building more housing where people want to live after all.  Biggest thing dislike about the Boomers lately is they on purposely caused the housing shortage.
that's hot

she won't let you sell though

don't even think about selling
very imaginative
There’ll be another website, always is
Lol “win”
It's funny when we personally finance companies that spy on us 🤡
Rona cases spiking in Germany despitethe lockdown. Rona reached next gear
Yes. Most likely yes.
Sorry meant covered calls and cash covered puts.
Blow jobs and stuff.
I lol'd at this, thanks!
[deleted]
I meant with trading stocks.
The first time I used it for the last time I had a good time with my friends and my sister in fort pierce and my main bitch Kammy was the center of the earth and I thought I was the only one who had a chance to get a hold on my head
This will happen next week 😂
I am 100% certain some states aren't going to lockdown at all because of certain beliefs about the virus. Others will
What logic? I’m sending you Wikipedia articles. Didn’t even say anything lmfao. Just stop bro
I’d do the same if my son was crying over a 4 figure baby loss.
user name checks out
Someone’s got to keep the peanut gallery in check
[deleted]
[deleted]
True, but if he didn't project humility people would just comment that it's not that much money and he's a gay retard etc.
thanks buddy, appreciate you
I traded my wife and now she has a boyfriend I take money from
😐
[deleted]
To all my WSB brothers. I made a post earlier last month about BJ’s. It unfortunately got caught in the market election downtrend, but we are here to reclaim our tendies this upcoming earnings on Thursday
Da fuk, why shares lmao I’m artist 👨‍🎤
Same market retard.
That doesn’t answer my question. I asked if anybody was bullish
[deleted]
Yea seriously sell it before earnings or it will lose a shit ton of value even if the stock goes up
Tendies
I don’t have anything in APPL at the moment but just got an iPhone 12 Pro Max.  My last iPhone was the 6s Plus and this one feels like I’m living in the future.  

There may be a lot of haters but holy fuck can Apple make some nice shit.
Jacked to the fucking tits on AMD calls. I'm either eating steam dinners next week or mcdonalds $1 menu
Treating thanksgiving normally for a lot of people means traveling across the country. Surely that can’t be a good idea. 

Herd immunity only kicks in when a significant portion of the population has this... we are at only a few percent of the population infected and I don’t think we want to see what it looks like at10x the infections.
i bet all my money on your eniomy 🍑
Seems like a good time to go long and wait for that ER run up
More like  why not?
[deleted]
Im making the same comparison. By your logic, Kim Jong Un is a democrat. Goodnight sweet prince
If they want any chance of mitigating this then before but we all know that won’t happen so every one is F
I don’t know, if I had that kind of cash I’d have TP made of of Benjamin’s. I think that would be the legacy I leave behinds
I’m just playin man no heat
I'm guessing auto complete spam
LMFAO
Wouldn’t old people dying be bullish? With transfer of estate & inheritance going into RH accounts
[deleted]
It’s all fake anyways
JPow left the chat long time ago sir. We autists are on our own
Options on dividend stocks are retarded
You seriously had to have put no thought into that question whatsoever.
Lol I lost to much on Friday to leave. I’m still up 70$ and I plan to turn that into -$1500 or $6000 in the next five years. Please god let this work
Going out with just one person is statistically low risk. Just don't go to a crowded location for your date.
If you want to see how fucking clueless people here are [just look at this thread](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f6riyt/daily_discussion_thread_february_20_2020/).  Virtually nothing about the coronavirus.  Same shitposting as now.  Literally days before the circuit breakers.
For NIO to 20x they would only have to have a 1.2 trillion market cap. How tf does a company that would have to grow 7.6T and is losing the biggest market in the world have more potential than a company that would only have to grow 1.14T and is going to control the biggest EV market in the world within the next 5-10 years, and is planning to move into Europe within the next 3 years. God I knew people on this subreddit were dumb, but not this blatantly autistic
Na just don't use the internet on the kindle. I use mine to exclusively read books and it doesn't feel the same as my phone/computer.
25p Feb 22
The ones having anti-mask protests calling it a "plan-demic" GUH
✊🏻
You´ve used the wrong term. The actual word you´ve been looking for is "bearish".
75% less 😐
I know that the downgrade was pure manipulation in order for the short seller to make money but I don't think institutions took the opportunity to stock up though.
[removed]
y 40?
[deleted]
mods can we pls ban this worthless fuck, he just reposting top comments
I think I have a little more meaningful than what I have to have for a week and a week to see what I gotta gotta go up 🔝
https://fintel.io/sob/us/nio

Meanwhile all the big dogs are buying the dip
Lockdown coming before or after thanksgiving 🧐
Wow that was awesome.
I can’t wait until Monday when everyone forgets that citron article
bro its just taking a breather , when shitcoin crashes its usually -20 -30%
You are so fucking retarded then. Retard.
Yep pumper and dumper straight to 60+ then pull back
10k gain in 3 months but probably down 20k all time 😂
They have a 50 year lease and China loves Tesla. How do you dream this shit up?🤡
Casino stocks.
Hammer BJ puts, got it
I lost all my money, 65k at 22 years old and I’m 27 now and made it all back and more. You’ll get it back too
Close it for a profit. You rarely exercise options - to sum it up, exercising means you lose the extrinsic value aka the call premium to buy the stock at your strike price. 

With earnings AH Tuesday you definitely wanna close it before earnings due to IV crush.
Whats with that cash covered calls?
I often heard it here but never understood whatvit means. And can it outperform the usual 7% a year you would get on an ETF?
LVS, WYNN- literally gambling on casinos.
Lots of people not a lot of cashiers = $$$
[deleted]
too late
It pays to be a sociopath
Lol two years ago Nio was still marching to its all time low wasnt it? Is this guy going to be wrong twice about the same stock?
ban
Anybody bullish on NKLA?
Tffp all in
[deleted]
TFFP 💪🏼💯 news this week will be nice
Nice. Picked up a BA short position and puts myself.  But the market knows, that I know, it knows. So we’re fooked.
They won’t be able to stop the licensing and that doesn’t mean they can compete with snapdragon or Axx/M1 chips.
welp time to put on my Hazmat suit and go buy some groceries

I love NYC
XPENG is my biggest regret of the year. I held a bunch through aug/sept and it was just doing nothing so I sold in oct at a loss 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🙈
$BETZ
-Ivan Drago
Market is so much more dynamic than it was in summer. Now we get vaccine optimism pump with wfh selloff  & Covid fears resurge in the same week🤡. Ready to hammer BA & financials puts on Monday ig
Relax guy, you’re getting too emotional there. Lol
You can’t even withdraw it from PayPal so why bother?
Why
its been a very fun year indeed. I guess its what happens when you have a country full of retards but its sad when the people who pay are old or have health defects.
yeah basically, i guess an old account with a bit of karma has less chance to get shadowbanned or whatever, easier to shill with those accounts

this guy is just reposting the top comments in this thread, i spotted the 55k down one and realised he had like 10 comments in the past minute of that
Wrong vitamin buddy
Chinese Elon: shorts, LOL
I’m not your mom.
Hey man don't sweat it, when I was 25 I was basically broke as fuck, 25 is still pretty early on and you have a job which is the important part.

The one thing I learned after 6+ years of trading is that a stable income is by far the best way to make money, I've made 150k off the markets and I've lost 100k off the markets. When it all balances out sure I am up like 50k, but over 6 years?? bruh focus on that career and only yolo what you are willing to lose.
monkeys be monkeys
Is there a stock that goes up as gambling addiction goes up?
330 is still an insane 1650$ pre-split, love that we're thinking of that as a buying opportunity
"Self-respecting" "retard" 

Choose one
I’m glad no one ever said that $TSLA or $AMZN valuations couldn’t make sense... 



Hell, I almost bought $TSLA calls when it was at $500/share in January, thank goodness I didn’t because now I see it’s “down” to $420 😂😂



R/s. You idiots
Futures did not open 4% up. They opened slightly down

Then the market opened up 4%
I'm so happy to see positions being posted again. And these are in that comforting and familiar red color. So beautiful.
LOL now people really going to lose
you have a stroke?
My 100% portfolio in Nio appreciates your DEFINITELY correct DD

God speed fellow autists
So that's why it's been dropping.
Sell off because momentum from profit taking
What about options D) NIO calls
People preparing for the January shutdown
isn't NVDIA buying Arm soon too?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think Tech gonna moon....these vaccines are all fairy tales right now as far as I'm concerned
Ban
Its*
Damn, could've bought moneygram for $1.20 in March
[deleted]
It was down last Sunday, we opened 4.6% on spy
[deleted]
I think the market has priced in a vaccine already. Look at that IWM spike a week ago. 

What’s more, look at UNH movement in the past week. The huge pump for healthcare insurers suggests that the market is already expecting the COVID burdens will be alleviated by a vaccine. 

I’m not sure how much more an MRNA vaccine would pump things, given what the Pfizer news already did.
[removed]
BABA 300$ EOW
[deleted]
What’s your bull case for a 3x move?? Seems awfully out of reach
if your under 50 you got 99.98% chance of survival , i'd roll the dice.
Eventually all that printed money will get used. I agree that we're nearing a local top. But when the economy does actually get going again, it's going to be a real party.
I completely agree. I’m trying to get up to 50k for my options trading so I can collect premium off complete autists and siphon into the long term while paying to live 😂👌
You can transfer tfsa holdings with no problem. They dont count withdrawls or new deposits
Market ‘HATES’ uncertainty!

-lockdowns, election protests, Thanksgiving cancelled!

How many percentage points will every major indice be up by Monday’s open:

6%, 10%, 15%, 25%...I mean, why stop now, JPow?
Oh like if someone has a ton of karma they’re more credible? 

I’m not even sure where I see a users karma
We may see some Kangaroo chop due to Robinhood trader interest. I'd look for posts about people buying lots of OTM calls on WSBs then sell off your shares in the morning and buy back later that afternoon.

I have 169 shares and I did a wheel strategy this week and made some chicken tendie money. 

Personally for PLTR I'm gonna hold my shares long term as they have seemingly infinite money due to long-term government contracts. I don't really care what happens in the short term but I'm willing to make money off of Robin Hood traders that are yoloing on calls. so if the price is pushed up artificially I'm happy to sell my shares at the peak and then just buy back later that day as the price crashes. I did this with the very good food company as well. I like doing the strategy because it's low risk to me as the worst case scenario I just sell my shares at a profit and I'm unable to buy back in. Best case scenario I sell them at a profit and then buy back in at a lower price the same day.
I wouldn’t go long on Intel and this will take a year or so to play out.
BYND MEAT WILL 10X BUY BUY BUY LONGTERM
$NIO greening
[deleted]
What if... what if that’s all they have made so far? Like I bet your parents invested thousands into you and haven’t gotten a single cent in return. NIO has actually made some of us money so it’s a better investment than you so far
If i could buy calls on covid cases I wouldn't have to work a day in my life.
Have you ever dealt with people? A bit harder than just dealing with code.
But is it *organic?*
Sold and shipped by Amazon
Then definitely hold it, thought it was options but nio is a good long term play
What the heck do you have a bad idea to do that orange juice and a mask on
Down 500 called a sell off for something that can lose 50% overnight LOL
Yes
[deleted]
FSLY ACB AAL NIO GAN
Asian hmm, are we talking Japanese or Chinese or something?
Well said! I have put a lot of thought into how this can be handled by the MM with all of the long calls and hype behind the stock. I agree it will be held down and most will be disappointed with the fact it will be a long time before it prints big money.
20x is a 8 trillion market cap since they’re valued at around 400 billion today. I’m not saying nio is bad I’m just saying tesla has more potential. Tesla profitable over 100 billion per year is very doing from where they’re at right now but of course that’s not only based on their sale of cars
Exactly right. I thought we celebrate individualism when it doesn't hurt others but thats definitely not the case. Red states didn't care at all because freedom. Unfortunately it might be more than double at this point. Wouldn't be surprised if it's a multibagger. It's ironic that trump is very authoritarian but had no leadership in the pandemic response.
You realize that the downgrade was pure manipulation. Institutions stocked up on the dip on friday.
my friend let me introduce you to a live game called CRAZY TIME. look it up and enjoy
I thought Nvidia was the N in FAANG?

I vote we replace FAANG with FAGMAN
either that or profit taking. i got in at 12k and thinking a price pull back is in the near future. no way it keeps going parabolic.
The past months it’s been a good predictor of where futures open

NOT a predictor of Monday open necessarily. Just a predictor of where futures open
It’s not options bro. It’s shares and I’m not selling!
How down
Looks like a long rambling chain of autocomplete
Strike, expiration?
He means post your positions or get banned... include it in your post from now on. Mods got soft during election craziness but they'll be back.
If you say so.
wait til u lose 120k
38% is top rate in USA if making lots of bank (nearly half million a year IIRC).  Gets complicated as fuck depending on what he made it with, with capital gains and amount of time held stock, etc, and all that bullshit plus what he earned non stonk related.
[deleted]
If you say so.
Idk fucking retard
you mean BABA
Whether you like it or not, you’re always communicating. How you sit, how you stand, how you walk, your facial expressions.

That’s why on dates I point to my raging erection to show I’m ready to fuck. 

Calls on $PFE (Viagra)
Too lazy to read through this thread to see if it's already been discussed, but apparently we can trade 0dte options on Robinhood now. Opened up options on AAPL on the web app and saw it on the right.
Everyone here bearish because they got the nuts squeezed outta there spy puts the last 15 minutes on Friday 🤡🤡🤡
Bro corona never left
i think they sell the accounts that are then used to push a brand or advertising irrc
So inverse all trades posted here. 10/10 dd
You have 100k sitting in your lap that is why you sell. Yes it could go to 1 mil but options expire worthless 90% of the time so you have no idea what can kick you in the ass and i assure you 1000% profit is more than enough for any investment. Options =/ Stonks
They sell knock off versions of everything
Yes
noice
I don’t think I’d ever leave wsb. Too much intel here into the mind of autistic traders.
AND they get to boss them, fuk throwing word salads at meetings and no one calling them out
I mean the dude definitely looks like a cuck
In all seriousness, this doesn't help much, now we just see shit DD on the front page lol. If you actually want to encourage good DD and stop spam you need to add accountability. Make it a requirement to post pics of positions or a ban bet. Otherwise its just a discussion anyways.
so basically the shorts could have been completely covered by now?
Nio has a very similar battery to them, that can be swapped in 3 minutes, not charged in hours. Tesla will be almost or all the way out of china by 2030, nios potential is significantly higher than tesla's, a don't even know why this is something you're trying to argue. They could 2x or 3x over the next few years but a 76 trillion market cap isn't remotely possible. even if their P/E ratio stayed this high, which is impossible btw, they would have to PROFIT over $100B. that is literally impossible.
If it’s delivered by idiot mango as a shut down then def no. It’s all about spin

If business leaders start saying they’re not opening stores in x location to protect their employees that will be what starts it. Then govt can be pro business and support them and spin it as pro economy

It really is pro economy to shut down in some cases mango just made it a binary call. Which it doesn’t have to be
For GME?
[removed]
NIO to $150? 🚀🚀
You speak in riddles. You must be a winner.
Like bloat/diarrhea?
he is talking about the china market
Doesn’t say anything LOL, it’s 400 off ? If anything it’s showing people rather buy stock instead of imaginary money
Don’t exercise - sell
Bought shit coin on PayPal, instantly down.
The longer you trade options the more appealing just holding stocks becomes, assuming you don’t get addicted to gambling. The best way to trade options is to buy and hold leaps on a company that grows significantly in the span of 1-2 years. Picking the right company and holding it requires alot of luck and discipline. Don’t quit your day job.
Apple M1 chip is game changer Microsoft will certain accelerate x86 emulation support in windows and start making devs develop ARM compatible code. More laptops by Dell, Hp etc will start using ARM SOC (provided by Qualcomm). 

Intel is pretty much done for, AMD & NVidia better start developing a chip that can compete against snapdragon or Qualcomm will take the whole market for windows cpu.
I did in fact. And I hope it expires worthless.
40% yeah?
was it amazon or a marketplace seller?
we all know that tesla will win in the end, but in the short term nio will keep growing at a faster rate
Looks like he tried to make 900 (30 cents) bucks and lost 3800. Can't imagine premium being much higher than that between 105 and 103
I’m just glad you’re alive
They will be absolutely worthless open on monday
Jesus Christ. I thought I was bad at stocks, but betting on horses is ruining me today.
Please fucking do it.
Hanging out here is as close as I can get to trading until Monday. I've become a degen.
Tru dat
what happened to luckin coffee?
This is the way young padawan.
What does this mean for baba holders
Every single financial worth anything was up this past quarter. Revenue grew 52% YoY, revenue per customer grew 38% YoY, commercial business grew 35% YoY, **government business grew 68% YoY (This is the one that excites me the most)**, 

From Q3 ER:

>We are expecting 31% revenue growth in Q4 2020, and year-over-year revenue growth to be greater than 30% through 2021.

I'm all-in on PLTR
ty i needed that
Yeah I just would avoid seeing any older relatives for a while after the date to be safe.
Weekend DOW is red. Hope you guys bought puts.
Sir, I would like to ask for a refund, no similarities around here,
Held 11/20 puts on NIO. Gonna be sad or happy next week? 45 strike.
OnlyFans has an actual investment moat!

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/14/parler-tiktok-onlyfans-contend-for-facebooks-social-throne.html
Wtf you repost
I feel I'm holding that baby and it's NIO
first one peaked mid April then went down, second peaked in July then went down again, now the third wave is hitting all time highs.
i wonder if tsla gets tax doubled over there. every car is like expensive as fuck cus of taxes. so if a tsla is tax doubled and costs $100k usd for a model 3 and a nip is $50k. i can see it growth exploding once nio becomes a known and premium brand.
fake
By working hard or marrying rich. I did both
[deleted]
30c
i got aapl calls at close. we fucked from all the rona news ..
Seriously who wants to ride in a car where the last guy puked
We shall see we shall see. My magic ball is broken, so yours is right.
[deleted]
Yup society like ours is just not equipped to deal with a problem like this.
CAnT lose money if you never sell
A double top on Tuesday would mean a trip back down to about 128.
What is the advantage of karma? I’ve never understood it

Like why would someone set up a bot to farm it?
[deleted]
Absolutely
Bob Ross would be proud that you drew Grand Canyon in less than a year
A+
Playing COD because weekend is pain
Never exercise
So you lost like 3800? And that sent you into margin call? You will get it all back. At least you covered your butt a little
If you get corona, you get corona 🤷‍♂️
Telling your grandma to "hold it for the long run", bruh she's at the end of the long run.
If not realized then hasn't made shit and is a sped for saying anything lol.
How tf are you up 10k with an 8k balance😂. I want to see that 1yr chart.
Subscribed
tendies on ez mode. just don't buy weeklies or puts.
It took 2020 to teach you that? 

The first rule of marketing is you are not your consumer. You can’t assume they think like you
You think stocks just go up on good earnings? You must be new here
You’re not the only one buddy! Sold it at absolute $54 https://imgur.com/a/uFgLIfR/
[deleted]
Ban.
Kinkiness is just a sign of becoming desensitized to sexual content. Stop watching porn and stop masturbating as often (maybe all together for short time).
[deleted]
Dump eet
The extrinsic value of the option goes down. This is clearly evident after anticipated news comes out (like an earnings report). The implied volatility goes down and thus the value of your contract goes down = you better hope there is some intrinsic value left in that contract.
[removed]
Yeah anything could happen, sure
Mbappe been slacking in ucl he did nothing against my Red Devils and we are trash
Hopefully not “realized”
Should I go on a date and risk getting the rona?
[deleted]
https://m.worldstar.com/web/video.php?v=wshh67Un826IPpfyAx0u


LOLOLOLOL HOLY FUCK LOLOLOL
Strikea?
I use IB as well. I have a separate account on RBC as well that I’m just waiting until December so that I can switch to my TFSA without triggering any issues. 

I tried wealthsimple and it was garbage. Transferred my money and when I saw they don’t even support USD cash holdings I immediately transferred out without a single trade.
Heart attacks kill more Americans than anything else.
Netscape
I died early Sept
We’re 10% away from SPY 400. Also think about that while at it.
Yeah what a ducking buying opportunity. For the rest of the year I’ll always look at the 52 week min and be like what!!??
Every three months mate
Hey buddy shut the fuck up nobody cares about your opinion ngl 🥶
Yeah the issue is actually enforcing a nationwide shutdown. Whether it works or not is mostly a cultural thing I think. It was a catastrophe in France & UK, but worked well in South Korea, China and (previously) Germany. Cannot imagine Americans accepting a new shutdown imo.
It's easier to just gamble and then kill yourself if it doesn't work out. It's like getting a second chance of being born into a rich family and not having to work vs living poor and offing yourself after working minimum wage for 30 years.
fair point. maybe its just cycles of concentration for first movers and then slow diffusion
Netflix should be thrown out of FAANG and replaced with NIO
[deleted]
yea watch less porn. let me guess you asked your bf to lick your butt and he was offended?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Same I’m really feeling Portugal ML
Agreed. 

Once people sit in a NIO they'll realize just how shitty a Tesla is.
Lmao terrible move
Rates have risen considerably post election
United EWR <-> TLV. Newark sucks too.

I swear I dread that trip every time then remember how much I love it there as soon as I land.
Idk bro Portuguese players have been on fire lately. My Joao Felix is looking like a future GOAT.
FATMAN
Facebook apple amazon Netflix google
Please lord. I don’t ask for much... 🙏
[removed]
Friday afternoon, like a true fucking idiot after losing $1000 from being up in the morning and unable to day trade my calls when it was falling.
[deleted]
20s
[deleted]
I’m holding bags from $45, although I cashed out more in profit than I jumped back in with during the first dip to 45~. Spy puts fucked me though so I need this to not crash 🤡
Kinda crazy how the short sellers always find negative stuff to say 👀
Crush of the IV. If you wanna know more look it up yourself
Facebook, Amazon, Amazon, Netflix?, Google
Are you guys 15 or something?
Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix, and one you obviously haven't heard of... Google
Lmao
A lot of these EV companies are designed to be pump and dump. Their directors expect it. Only wildcard here is CCP. They can manipulate a company to do whatever.
many companies invested in Theranos before suing them
Trade everything.
Facebook Amazon Apple Netflix Gay
Can’t catch what you already have.
Ban
So it will moon?
France, don’t go against Mbappe
Likely to dip on news of a possible shutdown of the economy under the Biden administration.
I hate weekends. I. Need. Market. So bored.
11/13 they sold 44k shares
Shitcoin not telling a good story for Monday

Fuck the 🗓🐄
buy weeklies. theta gang depends on it for rent.
Are you concerned a MRNA news drop this week might cuck you, or would you take a more substantial position then? 

MRNA options are pricing in a fairly large move this week.
[deleted]
Think we got some flat days ahead?
Win or draw
BTW to those still saying “hedge funds didn’t sell broh.” Hedge funds dumped NIO end of last quarter according the latest filings.
This kid gonna be rich af. She’s either gunna spend it on him or he’s gunna inherit it
Stop watching porn
Grandma got run over by Palantir, comin home from WSB Christmas Eve... you can say there’s no such thing as tendies, but as for me and grandma we believe
No porn and more bible?
Hoping my girl gets big with TikTok. At first I thought she was autistic, but she has partnerships with Clorox and others making decent side cash for a single video post. Maybe one day her boyfriend and I can be trophy husbands and just yolo weekly SPY FDs for a living in Boca Raton.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Funny how the mods decide to NOT pin this thread, just because it's not flaired as DD.
Same. I have shares and am wondering if it’s worth gambling on calls
The discord is 100x worse than this sub. Just avoid it.
My mom bought AMD when it was at $10 a share and she never shuts up about it.
Calls? Lol
repost
Portugal. Bruno going to get a pk some how
Damn lol
Rona's not new we've been dealing with it for a year I bet that shits priced in. Trump's a bitch and so is his army they ain't going to do shit or they would have by now so we ain't got to worry about that. Vaccines on the horizon. most companies have already pivoted to do what they got to do. To the moon bitches!!!

Edit to add: Don't forget we got another massive round of stimulus coming in the next month or so also. Everybody also knows that. To the moon again!!!!!
Chin up man, $120k at 25 is great going. You'll get back to it in no time I'm sure but I highly recommend minimizing the options play and sticking to equity.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yea but you can have a hand that has a 90% to win and you fold it due to bluffing and bet sizes. Thats where being "good" comes into play
Depends from the toilet my hands but off my ole lady’s chest I use a silverware set
You could've bought a 6 month cd and made a better roi.
Thought i read fat?  Must have been another commenter.  You are correct, ugly does not discriminate
Lol, didn't know I was on r/yourmomshousepodcast
I really hope people aren’t making investment decisions based on this thread since Soros and the Canadian pension fund bought on 9.30.2020 per their 13F. Only Ark is new
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bro same 😢
Well I just called miss Cleo and she said stocks go up she also said you will catch herpes from your girlfriend's boyfriend.
You only exercise the options if you plan on holding the stock long term. But then you should have just BOUGHT the stock instead of the option.
why would there be side effects? It isnt medicine. Its just unhealthy because its full of sodium.... edit: constant increase in sodium might cause some long term side effects, but nothing short term and that noticeable in a day
Hello fellow degenerates who also like soccer. 

Who would you put money on France or Portugal? Draw maybe? 🤔
Sell it unless you want to take the risk and buy all the 5000 shares and potentially see the stock crash by the time you wake up.
If you do El Al, don’t
I hate tik toks like this so much. You can literally post this in r/cringetopia is you want too
[removed]
Why did u cross your name our Howie?
When I was a long distance runner I was always getting sick. I wonder if chronic cardio suppresses the immune system
When I was a young warthog...
Most likely
I believe they actually make a profit in big metro areas, but they're basically losing money everywhere else.  They're operating at a loss to expand their marketshare which could make sense if they actually had a way to leverage it (EG autonomous units in a few years)
what the fuck am i reading
You know that amd peg (however strong their recent growth has been) is almost 2 and will be over 2 after acquisition right?

Don't get me wrong, I love amd and I sold plenty of puts while it was below 30. Now the premium no longer warrants the risk
Why not buy puts?
PLTR is my mistress
Hey, don’t talk reason to me buddy.
I think you might just be sensitive.
Seeing a shit ton of bad COVID news...more shutdowns incoming. ZM calls gonna print this week 💰
$
I’m in the US but go a few times a year for work. This was the first summer since 2016 I haven’t been and I really really miss it.

I fucking hate that flight though.
Fuck it. I'm putting too much logic into this.
Or our amirica half ass ones. If most people are gonna be smart and not do a ton of shit anyway when the pandemic is raging isn’t it better to force shit downs so govt has an excuse to do unemployment and support loans to bus etc?

Rather than just ignore pandemic and have decreased activity for months and denial of a need for support? Just my 2 cents
And they still get paid way more than developers lmaooo
Rona thinks so
I would totally do that if cruises weren’t lame as fuck and I was vaccinated but yeah. Fuck value. Those stocks are cheap for a reason. Although C is looking tempting as it’s still 50% off where it was.
It sounds like you are asking the 25 year old who lost 100k in a month for investment advice?
Yeah but phone market share started being a lot more diverse before concentrating again.

There was a time when Ford and GM dominated auto market share before we got the diverse period we've
 been in for a while.

I agree though with your point. Most EVs are overvalued currently, NIO definitely is. I just can't completely write off there never being concentration like Ford had though again and say it's a complete impossibility.
lol
Imagine thinking a country full of rice paddy farmers can afford a futuristic vehicle. Lmao 5000 orders for a billion people is peanuts.
Why does everyone assume that just because you are ugly that you are also fat? 

Are there not any ugly skinny people? Stop fat shaming
How old are you? In 1999 everyone thought yahoo was “it.” Yahoo was the most valuable company in the world. 

It this instance, in 1999, dinosaurs were the ones not buying in because they didn’t understand tech.
Selling it LMAO
Sorry. Updated link above. It should work now.
bot is karma farming ban this fuck
Buying the future for less. And making money in the mean time.
Odte, you buy and sell some shit options on the Friday they expire. If someone used 250k that means they were hours away from loosing it all. I guess they ended up winners.

So imagine buying TSLA out of the money puts 0DTE on Friday as Tesla is mooning. Then after you eat a delicious lunch, Musk Tweets that he has the rona and TSLA tanks, your cheap ass worthless puts are now printing like crazy and you are boss. Now imagine Musk Tweets that he is healthy and that his rocket is going to the moon. You just lost all your money.
[deleted]
It’s true, he’s right
Is TSLA open $430, I might be able to afford them tequila
Copied from an above comment I made: 


The motion sickness is real af the first couple of times you use it but it goes away. I can sprint around and fly and shit for hours with no discomfort at all. Friends can too who have used it way less.

A 2 hour session first time in VR playing an intense game is rough though. I recommend starting with SuperHot because 1.) it’s amazing and 2.) doesn’t require much movement that would be disorienting
SPY hit $220 earlier this year...think about that shit for a moment. That will most likely never happen again in your lifetime
Can confirm, really great stuff there.
found out about it when i was 20, still lost money
If you are thinking of buying value ask yourself would you pay full fare to get on a plane to fly to get on a full price cruise.  If any hesitation at all then yeah value's fucked in general.
It’ll dip but not crazy as it continues to go up
Not a bad time to look for an undervalued rona stonk
Eat a salad
I mean in one particular tournament. Obviously no one is luckier than statistics predict over the long run. But you and I will never hit the long run.
selling calls/puts on ZM after two days of gap ups/downs 

is free money
Sheesh.
It's going to run hard monday after Soros bought in and Ark added more.

It will probably be set up for a small dip by the end of the week, which I'll promptly buy.
1 sleep only, you'll have futures on Sunday to keep you up all night
I think it's a good play I just get fucked every time I buy IWM puts
It's pretty fun to get in the voice channel pre-market and then hear the wails of bulls when the bell rings on a red day and listen to everyone talk about what's drillin and rippin.
Hey I count in sleeps too!
I just don’t know if that orange man wins. What is the name of the place you have on the highway that is a big deal with me and I just got a text about the sun on the sun lol I just saw your message and I’m just park at north park on north street and I can see it on the highway I don’t think I’m gonna be a good place to get it out lol I just don’t
I finish a box of costco croissants every three days
[deleted]
[removed]
look at the market cap adjusted chart, not just price

people aren't fully appreciating how many shares were bought back
Nah, don’t second guess it.  It’s that easy.  Same thing happened with SPCE this week: hyperloop did something cool and SPCE went up.  It’s just investor psychology.
[removed]
If 2020 has taught me anything, the market will do the opposite to what we think is going to happen.
[deleted]
Lol 😂 held my calls panicked on my shares though lol
And pay a short term capital gains tax on that $0.6?  He'd be insane to stop now
Sometimes when I wonder how RH can possibly expect to make money from retards buying options with less than $10k in their accounts, and then I see this guy giving them $300k AUM with 1 share lol.
Ordered a 5600x from amazon and they sent me 2. This the closest thing I’ve ever gotten to tendies.
Yes
Nah. They could miss by 40-60k and would still beat estimates.
A 76 trillion market cap is outrageous to consider. That's would be 20x. Considering their market share is shrinking in the largest EV market on the planet(China), that's not even possible even if they completely control the US and European EV and solar markets. And their P/E right now is over 700. This stock isn't undervalued in any way shape or form.
you made like 10 comments in the same minute... ban
Bro, sell the news
ITS OKAY TO BE FAT
covid shrunk my pp :(
Cases number means nothing
oh fuck, ok, then you need money lol
Youtube search it retard
What is your cost basis for AMD?

If you are trying to hold for a while and do NOT want your shares carried off, your risk profile is going to be lower meaning you need to sell further OTM calls.

The best strategy for the stocks I want to hold is to just wait till they go up alot and sell a call OTM for 1-2 weeks out if you don't think it is going to hit.

With theta gang, you will lose if you end up closing out your covered call at a loss - because often times the stock WILL drop before expiry and you just need to extract as much theta as possible.

One that went sideways on me was NET - I did not think it would moon so I sold CC's on it and had to close out at a slight loss, and the stock dropped enough to where I would have broken even
Beast
What if they don’t? Stock will tank like a waterfall
It would be peak autism if we topped when we had a vaccine announcement so it will probably happen smh
[deleted]
what a poor analysis... lol
Someone pour me that $TSLA tequila 🤠
Nice, betting against vega AND theta.  God speed you fucking idiot.
So glad I didn't.
[removed]
Gf makes consistent 108% gains selling house plants, wtf am I doing selling CSPs
[deleted]
Man up and buy some Nio 5p
[deleted]
But did you have fun?
[removed]
Because it is still hilariously undervalued, GME is the next GME
That’s what I was thinking. As it always does but jackasses on tv once again saying “this time’s different” 🤡
What is this place for? I don’t know if you have a few minutes to talk about the other way. What do you think you should do that orange man is that orange
Or his CPA is some retard that's just smart enough to use free tax software
That was me lol. Lost everything
It fucked me up. I’m currently recovering. I’m 28, 160lbs& in shape. Quit trying to give people reasons to let down their guard or not wear masks or do other generally shitty, selfish things. Be a fucking team player.
What's the most efficient way to follow them boys?
don't forget his Tony Montana-sized bowl of blow
Holy shit. People are posting their positions. I remember when that was a thing.
i like a pour of madeira for those sad times
is autism considered a pre-existing condition?
Inversing WSB sentiment has been pretty reliable at yielding tendies
Fuck.
55k only? Richie riche
What have you managed besides making sure the banana peel you drill stays in tact
Hey, man. If I was a normal human being I would have asked you to talk with me any time. But I will just keep talking over you and tell you how much more miserable my life is.

But you have best wishes and eternal good luck.
Because the 10 people you knew who had it can account for the entire population for the united states
I think everything will react to the Monday earnings and then it will become even harder to predict reactions
She owns half the house 🤦🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
I shmell... **BLOOD RED MONDAY**

all these europoor shutdowns aren't good for tendies yo
Guys. I don’t get it. Someone please explain.
Value is going to get smacked like a red headed step child next few weeks.  Its ok though because its used to it by now.
that explains why my symptoms lasted over a month, bc I am thin
[deleted]
It’s funny how managers in tech don’t have technical expertise.
[deleted]
Learn to enjoy the little things
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yet he's the retard who can't update his models to reflect higher P/E for a guaranteed non-bankruptcy
No shit. Boomer stocks my ass.
This might be the short squeeze play I’ve been looking for. 70% is fucking nuts. 

Although the TLT short squeeze post a few weeks ago has yet to bare fruit. 😆
Tomorrow will be flat since markets are closed. And monday will be either green or red.

You heard it here first.
Hard to time the crash, not sure people should gambling on puts. But I'll be going balls deep on LEAPs after, yes
$85 for Tomi
[deleted]
Doctors hate him!
NIO to the fucking moon. I'll hold!!!
Columbus Ohio.
[deleted]
how true is this
They vary, hers is $85
I deadass be watching people pan for gold on youtube like its fucking 1860. 

Calls on GLD.
That behavior sounds a lot like my PLTR positions
[deleted]
That pump back was because of the stimulus, which we won’t see until Feb at the earliest.
Don’t forget about poors, who must be sacrificed as always
[deleted]
Sold TSLA $450c 11/13 last week when it pushed up to $450, that was a cool $1600 but I knew the market was going to either stay flat or tank a little. 

Sold 4x AMD $90c that same morning (I only have 300 shares but sometimes I will sell 1 naked when I am confident it won't hit). Those netted me about $200 each but I only sell far OTM with AMD because I do NOT want my shares carried off, my cost basis is like $50 and I want to hold for a long time

Sold 5x DKNG $50c weekly right before earnings, can't remember off the top of my head how much those went for but they expired OTM luckily

Sold BYND $180c last week before earnings, can't remember but it was significant and helped offset the loss from holding my shares

You need a large account balance to pull in decent theta profit, but even with a small account gains are gains and it adds up over time.
I just gotta go to bed and then I will be back up there
Down $1425 so far so good
FOMO happens both ways.
how did you lose money this year LMAOO
How much does it cost I’ll chip in if i get some tendies next week
*Seems so long but it was just last night
I held you close to me
But when you're not with me, time just passes by
Until the next time you are by my side babe

And when the time comes girl, I'm gonna hold you
Wrap you up real tight into my arms, yeah
Tenderly I'll touch you till you'll feel all my emotions
And I'll never let go, never let go till I have your heart

Lovin' you down, lovin' you down taking you higher
All way all the way, never let go never let go
Lovin' you down, lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way always never let go never let go

Now baby that the time is near
Moments go by slow
And every minute, minute of the hour
I think of you and how I love you so?

When the time comes girl, I'm gonna love you
Wrap you up real tight into my arms
Tenderly I'll kiss you till you feel all my emotions
And I'll never let go, never let go till I have your heart baby

Lovin' you down, lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way always, never let go never let go
Lovin' you down lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way, never let go never let go

You know baby
There's so many things that I wanna say
But instead of saying 'em in words
Let me show you, let's dance, sorry girl

Lovin' you down lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way, never let go never let go
Lovin' you down lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way never let go never let go

Lovin' you down lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way never let go never let go
Lovin' you down lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way never let go never let go

Lovin' you down lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way never let go never let go
Lovin' you down lovin' you down taking you higher
All the way never let go never let go*
It's still pretty undervalued (<750M market cap, paying down debt, signs point towards strong Q3 and Q4)
im drinking some port and watching the masters, so not at the minute
ice cream companies
i’ll come back here on tuesday we’ll see
I'm a marathon runner 29 yo. It hit me hard and am still not back on form 2 months later
Spy 899$?
How much are those
I haven't bought any of these. I'm going to open my position on Monday. The number of contracts is the most I can get at Friday's prices.

I bought 1000 shares expecting slow growth but the next day I was up 10% so I sold and decided to play options on it instead.
Think I’ll just start following citron and buy at the bottom every time they shit on a company.
you tried? Are you a simp dude? Just say it's over and walk away like a man, no feelings. Have a couple of drinks and you'll feel better.
Any thoughts on TSLA near term? I thought the SpaceX launch today would be a catalyst for a move higher like it was end of May but now I’m 2nd guessing with this goddamn value rotation picking up steam. 

Pretty bullish going into Jan obviously when they report 500k deliveries.
Stop saying shit is at ATH when it’s not ATH is QQQ 303 until we see that it isn’t ATH
Expensive no?
almost always
Look into ARK invest, they breakdown the potential of Tesla which will be pulling in trillions of dollars in the future. That stock has the potential to reach over $10,000 per share. Maybe it’ll take 15 years but it will be running everything very decreasing competition
Sally from accounting was talking and about Nio and spreading for credit or smth. Thought they were talking about that hot new asian apprentice.
My man
I just gotta go to the sun and get the water heater off the roof and then I’ll be back on the road to the north of the park
I did
Bullish af
Idiotic post, nio is gonna do great on the next few years, it's not about what happens next week.
Thermo
I heard it gets real bad if you have autism
must be new
yeah like the 39 year old who had 800k on that company that used to make stuff for apple and went tits up in one day like 5 years ago. GTAT was the company.
I died back in march
Anyone else sad
What's your cost per share? I'll buy them off you.
Thinking about buying a cameo of Tomi Lahren congratulating Biden on his election win.
It’d be unusual for me hold a position through the last 4 weeks. If this thesis is going to play out, it will be clear in the next 4 weeks. I’ll be getting out in Dec or Feb. 

If we see red this week, I’m going to write the 12/18 calendar spread, which will also limit potential loss.
That's useful info
yes, this definitely hurt but I hope at least one other person can learn from my mistakes.
Hey assholes it’s ok to be fat 

If your 300 pounds of fat 

But u wear a mask u good ok 

Covid cannot hurt u so stop saying being overweight affects Covid 

U can be fat with a belly and eat McDonald as long as u wears a mask u good bruh
Make the wallstreetbets 30+ discord, for retards in their golden years
Lmfao
Fuk this I am playing Nirvana all afternoon
Sounds like either your expectations were wrong or you dismissed the opportunity based on someone else's extreme estimates. Either way, that still qualifies as your error.

Welcome to the sub, retard.
My target is selling weeklies 1 week out (so Friday, for the following Friday). Minimize risk while still netting returns.

In the case of insane news, like when BYND spiked to $170 the day of earnings on the Mc Plant news, I sold $180 weeklies because the premiums spiked. Luckily it went the other way, helped offset the loss from holding shares
Far out WSB has gone to shit
in that case, get ready for some massive short squeeze tendies
Bought those same concrete at $.72 and 20 shares
Anyone in here actually die from covid?
Dustin Johnson is going to win the Green Jacket, $12 million, and then gets to fuck Wayne Gretzky’s daughter. What a boss
IV crush would like to have a word with you
If you're in Canada, best brokerage is Interactive Brokers.
Did you finish listening to the podcast though?
When did you buy?
Brah, you’re mad at yourself, not the world
I know right.
austin tx
I won’t lie I know many who had Covid 19 

And the symptoms where BEARLY even noticeable 

A runny nose and 2 days rest and they were good 


The only people who I saw get it bad was if your overweight and the more fat ones
 So I have recently got a business degree for operations management. There's no way I'm gonna start as a manager though right?
I haven’t worn a mask in months
Getting your research from a company literally called "lemon" is peak Autism
It got removed
you'll become wealthy through saving. dude you did have 140k saved by 25, in 5 more years you'll have another 100k, just save and fuck the gambling.
thanks buddy, I'm just really dreading the day one of my parents ask how my "investments" are going.
The thing is how soon?

I'm bullish on the stock long term, $75 is realistic. Idk how soon it will take off. The thing just IPO'd not even 2 months ago.
Tesla would have to get their market cap into trillions of dollars for it to 5x, tesla is a great stock if ur looking for a 100-200% return over the next 5 years, but nio has potential to 10x over the next few years
[removed]
I wanna punch a hole in the wall when I hear Fastly!...

Sold my puts on Tuesday. If I just waited literally 10 mins, and held... come Friday I would have been 23k richer...fml!

Edit: 160x. 65/60 put credits @$1.50 each. 11/20 exp
How much $$ you spent on it total?
Lol at the boomer who downvoted this😂
Ha so I double downed on NIO 11/20 calls like a true retard on friday. How fucked am I
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
CNBC 2022: 2 trillion dollar Chinese company Nio acquires struggling American company Tesla in all stock deal
Ehh I doubt it there’s not a lot of room for it to go up without crushing aths especially since once it reaches ath everyone will want to take profit
Team hell no
[removed]
It’s ok only old
People and fats get affected
Fresh TA on BABA for those interested: [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju7nqc/small\_ta\_on\_baba/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju7nqc/small_ta_on_baba/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Yes but then you are not gonna exit and lose again, spend the week afterwards contemplating why the fuck you didn't exit
Which company just recalled their EVs because of burning batteries?
VXRT is dead
bro it could be a lot, lot worse. You have a healthy amount of savings, and you will start earning better money as you gain experience. Just don't do it again, please. Coming from someone who has had 100k cash several different times in my life, and always found a way to blow it (usually drugs and gambling, the rest wasted, as they say).
Lol at the homies who thought shutdowns would make their spy puts print. You bout to get slapped with reality
Agreed
I love this place too much to see you all go bankrupt. Please buy December or January SPY puts and then tech LEAPS after the crash. Covid is getting apocalyptic and is not even close to priced in. SPY is comically high and will easily dip under 320 sometime before 2021, and maybe below 300. "gO bAck tO r/collapse dOoMer"
I did the Jan '22 $30C personally at beginning bell on Friday. No regrats.
I think eventually there will be a reckoning for airlines and they'll all be nationalized (again?) or USPS-ized
Won 9k off $200 playing online roulette. It dropped to 3k and I hit 4 green 0s out of 5 spins to get back to 8k. Swore I'd never play again after that God given rebound. ... Lost it all
He’s not gonna tell grandma to yolo his inheritance retard
U stupid fucks 

Even if there is a lockdown 

And ?
VACCINE IS IN THE WAY AS WE SPEAK BRO!!

Fuck u mean 

It ain’t gonna be like last time where we had no 90% effective rate 

So twerk cock
It's not often you see an All Time tab on this sub.
Just wanna see the world burn 🔥
Solo please open at 8 so I can get the hell out.
Ive always thought people who didnt do it were weird
Because NIO dad,  that's why, they don't hold a charge!
Even if they come out a vaccine, the US is going to be the last country in the world to get rid of COVID.
bro I'm a bear, I'm loaded up on cruise puts and getting burned. This market is stupid, Moderna will probably report like 95% efficacy on Tuesday same as NIO earnings and that shit moons. Whole market should be red but we climbing to ATH for no reason so I would be careful 😂
I really want to invest in an Index + that half life game but everytime I tried VR in the past I got seasick
Not sure about merica but in Canada it's trash and doesn't even have options. Plus all data is +15 and I don't think they offer live data even for a fee.
Win it back bitch
You're in a better spot than me my boy, let's hope the retard strength can follow through until earnings
PLEASE NIO$ do a LUKIN COFFEE ☕️ PLEASE !!!!
I sold everything and yoloed Pfizer before the slight spike. Gotta wonder what happens on monday.
Ok take Phoenix off the list lol.  If can't take 4 months above triple digits every day straight not your place.  We almost hit 100 last week even.
rotation out of the entire world economy and into NIO on monday
Do you guys drink the broth from those packet ramen noodles? I start doing it lately and haven't noticed any side effects
TSA has an honor guard. The fuck?
Bullish as fuck
It's exponential, you have to 10 bag it for the final count
Everything will get better and you’ll learn from this mistake. The key here is to not go for something like this again and to just stick with the smart plays that build money slowly. I know it’s not fun and everyone wants to get rich quick it’s just that you can’t beat the market. Just gotta stick to what’s proven to work. If you build up your savings again just put like 40-60% of it in VOO and other ETFs that you find valuable. Over time that money will build and you won’t have to worry about the chance of losing it all. You’re stuck in a shitty situation now but you can still recover and learn from this. Remember that.
Calls
CONS FOR an $AMCX BULLISH POSITION:

1) Earnings, revenues and profit margin on a steady downtrend since even before the COVID pandemic. This company could see negative earnings/loss instead of profits in the near future (<1year)

2) Bad financial health
High level of debt, which has been decreasing steadily over the last few years as it has been said by OP, however if they lose even more revenue and get negative earnings (CF point 1) this level of debt could increase and become unsustainable
3) P/B ratio higher than industry average (company P/B today 1,8.  Industry average 1,4)

To me this looks like a stock in a downtrend that is STILL overvalued. I’m not sure if the current downtrend in earnings will last, and that to me will determine if the stock will bounce or go bankrupt.

I have no position in the stock yet! Thanks OP for the insight on that stock, I’ll follow it in the next months see how it goes, might buy a small position if it goes down again to around 18-20
"I could have been a contender" 😢
jesus in one month?!  i'm sorry man, this will take awhile to recover from, both mentally and financially. Were you short indices?
Wow.....You are really nice.
I wonder if I’d be happier when I break even next week
[removed]
There was only one shooter in the jfk assassination. I Googled it.
That doink off the tree smh
Inb4 everyone shorts SPY in anticipation of next lockdown then we see the greatest short squeeze in the history of mankind
didn't see that coming
If they get FDA approval for an ALS treatment,  that's easily a $5 billion company. That's not even factoring in the rest of their pipeline  Current market cap is around $400M.
It's not mooning lol. Cut your losses now
You can't be a gambling addict with no money, you're cured!
These virus numbers is making me a little nervous about being wayyyyy over leverged on DKNG.
Tried last week, she didn’t budge
I bought at 3:30pm yesterday and I’m scared
Short term news is bad - covid cases rising, medium term news is good - vaccine development is going well, long term news is good - greatest and most rapid economic recovery ever

In conclusion, bear r fuk
Your granny gonna be rich af in 3 years
This.  Vitamin D.
Wuhan.
They are cutting 40,000 employees. That always pumps a stock haha
Calls on Cuties? The orange not the movie.
I’m finally +money on the year
Hmmm Avaya has my interest this week with their ER on Friday. Another 'Business communications and Cloud AI' type company, with some various institutional investors >1M shares each and avg buy prices in the $10-13 range (current stock price $18). They appear to have 'won' several various innovation awards in 2020. 

They have some big guidance for this Q compared to their previous ER. If they hit it stock might make a leap above the IPO price (in 2018) of ~$20-22.
Shouldn't give her access to cash, only a credit card
DoorDash going public? 💰
the southwest is gorgeous but I hate heat
All people will be dead by then
Bullish or bearish on the Dow this upcoming week?
No I cant cum
only if it's orally administered
Lemonparty.org
I suggest reading Ray Dalio’s take, especially chapter 7. It’s free on his website, it’s called the Changing World Order
Honorable Mentions.

May 21 '21 $30 - 425 contracts

Nov 19 '21 $30 - 175 contracts

Jan 21 '22 $30 - Prolly 100 contracts

Ngl my ego just wants to see 1000 contracts in my account lol.

Edit: This are all hypothetical positions.
The science really does support taking it.  And it’s cheap too, no reason for you lazy fucks to not open your amazon app and order it right now.  You’re clearly not doing shit else
TJX Q4 outlook might mean more than their Q3 earnings, with a maybe start-then-stop Christmas shopping season. Did TJX start buying inventory yet where they had been running out? If so, did they jump the gun and expect that store traffic wouldn't be falling right now? How accurately their planning matches conditions on the ground so that they can have some Q4 success might be really important. I don't know how you can predict that without a lot of information.
[deleted]
that you Jamie??
NVDA calls is surely the play
Bullish
Stonk Hunt 42
Definitely no %2000 percent gain but in the next 2 years I see a $50 stock at least
It made me change my pants but for the wrong reason when it bled all through Friday, my diaper was filled to the brim
why do you need money then, just leave her and you'll be better off dude
Really? I didn’t get anything lol 😅
I want to know where you found a picture of such a racially diverse angry mob
Dubai
Probably trying to get that inheritance
In closing, I have nothing against Chinese people and am not xenophobic, nationalist, or isolationist. While I shouldn't need to defend myself like this, especially on the internet, I come from a multi-cultural family, and I, myself, am a dual-national. It's why I prefaced my intial comment to OP by saying how I was as far away from what people are going to assume I am by looking at my comment in a vacuum.

There isn't any easy answer to this, but it is something that *should* be talked about. Ultimately, I want to see the relationship between the US and China *improve,* not deteriorate. I don't want China to be viewed as an adversary to the US, and vise versa, or for people to assume that we need to go to war to solve our problems. We are the biggest economies in the world, but there is room for both of us.
[deleted]
Eh going with that logic, the vaccine itself it completely useless. Might as well ignore the virus until it burns through the world population and leaves only the strong and able
Fuck the local high schoolers had Halloween party’s and now covid is spreading like wildfire.
Probably should’ve went with zoom calls instead of spy, thought the zm selloff was impending vaccine shit over weekend. Well ig I’ll hope tech carries
No more Wendy's???
Relief & vaccine pumps over an Indian holiday weekend?


#SPY $400 by open.


If AOC has a nip slip on Twitch we may never see $300’s again.
The highest it will go before ER is 45-47 imo. I bought calls on the dip and will probably cut bait on Monday. It lost 60BN cap AH so likely will gap down when the market opens.
Have you ever seen qqq on the road?
Joe Rogan has entered the chat
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-16 19:15:30 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-16%2019:15:30%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju5qp7/most_anticipated_earnings_releases_week_ending/gca15af/?context=3)

[**4 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju5qp7%2Fmost_anticipated_earnings_releases_week_ending%2Fgca15af%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-16%2019%3A15%3A30%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju5qp7)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Get grams on this sub we need more boomers on here
I bought at 9:30 Friday so you can imagine my options not doing too hot but I'm just being realistic. A lot of bag holders were created on Friday and the people that weren't retarded and bought before will want to take profits and not risk losing any more. I'd love to be wrong but it's not looking good to me
I mean, phoenixes are born in fire.

It's well named at least.
yeah the stock run and hype going in is the same though..... NIO back towards $35 before up again
[deleted]
This is hilarious. Who are these 2 called?
i heard a direct injection of semen immediately cures covid
Ban bet
RemindMe! 2 days
yeah i suspect it might have just been the regular weekly pullback, maybe slightly exacerbated by the short report. but considering how fast it surged to ATH it reeeally wasnt that much of a correction. the bull run isnt over people just getting WAY too greedy and irrational about a stock propelled by fomo and hype. then again it is wsb
Guessing market goes sideways for next couple weeks till eoy, at this point market doesn’t care about stimulus and any shutdown fears get drown out by vaccine euphoria.
So you inversing the inverse sentiment... that's the kind of retard think that I came to see.

God speed you lovable autist🙏
Good luck let us know how it plays out for you.
They’re selling us calls...!
Source?
It’s been a minute since Tesla made me change my pants... maybe it’s due
Shutting down now is completely useless. Might as well ignore the virus now until vaccine.
[deleted]
Oh really? My discount CPA gave me shit about having to manually enter them all
[removed]
The problem is individualism and muh freedomz. People don't like being told what to do, and our culture worships stupidity, so nobody wears a mask or takes the disease seriously and it just spreads totally uncontrolled. Shithole red states are just partying and hanging out like nothing's happening 

Take the current infection/death numbers and double them, that's what the final tally will be until the vaccine is out

Meanwhile Asian countries have had this shit under control for months. It's not a genetic thing, they just have discipline and collectivism and allow the government to do what they need to do. This is one of the rare instances where authoritarianism works
No one wants to hire or date an ugly fat person.  That’s not my opinion, that’s the harsh reality. Work on you and the rest will fall into place.
Rare footage of WSB retards hitting the buy button on SPY weeklies: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2Vw7T2yhFek
You ever see a vaccine on the road?

Exactly. Puts on PFE, MRNA and all other vaccine makers
March 23 of this year when SPY was at rock bottom UBER was already recovering because the CEO said they had plenty of cash to survive the pandemic and UBER EATS service was actually growing. I would not rely on UBER puts as my sole hedge.
just bought a few shares. this is the next NIO
Some place to get married and settle
[removed]
it's the pace at which nio is improving that makes it a competitor for tesla. Nio has patents on their battery swap system, which nobody else has, along with the fact the Chinese government is trying to get tesla out of china and bring in Chinese owned EV companies, TSLA will be completely out of china by 2030. And China is the biggest EV market in the world by a long shot
Racked and titty twisted while adding more zeros on excel
Lisbon
And boom rockets 🚀
Tech meltdown is priced in
Listen up bitches. Vitamin D is the cure to covid. I'll probably be murdered for letting you know since I work for top medical office of PFE. So simple. But problem is vitamin D very cheep. No money be made there. Must make "vaccine" that is really just vitamin D. How you gonna know what they inject in you?? So simple.
puts
[deleted]
Hook those treadmills up to generators that power the CO2 condensers and now we're cooking.

Although there are too many laws about labor from kids, and people in general, really. Why not use horses? Then you can set up a nice carbon-neutral glue business on the side as well.
[deleted]
Someone listened and made bank. Congrats
If no one reports you you can always get  away anything...
No PLTR thank god I knew this was the one PLTR to the moon baby
Herzliya is tiiiiight. Yambar at night might be my favorite place in the world.
Thats like saying if I make 10.000 shitty trades I should get one trade right
5 hour or less drive to San Diego, LA, Vegas, or Gulf of California isn't the worst spot.  Still all good not like any shortage of people coming.  Maricopa fastest growing county in America right now.
Monster move 🍿
I stop by every once in awhile and buy them out of underwear in my size. I may be a degenerate, but I’d rather be a degenerate air a closet full of Calvin Klein underwear
He worded it it like that to get validation from a group of retards
Yah
How? I need some help making my comeback.
[removed]
I've tried
Fallujah
We actually don’t. I scan your 1099 and attach that shit as a PDF. Lol I don’t get paid enough to for that.

Edit: btw when I see hundred page 1099s without a profit, I automatically think you’re retarded.
Cinemark ballllling
You gotta be a gay bear and a big bull
This. 

I am 38. Was never ready to commit to a location so I am renting still. That's probably over 150k equity I missed out on. Don't worry if you need to move soon. Hire a rental manager until you can sell the house or don't sell if the rental makes you money.
what if good earnings and market shoots up?🤔
[deleted]
Ban bet me then, pussy
[deleted]
Because it seems obvious that things are getting worse with Covid/contested elections/ no stimulus ect so everyone will think it’s going lower.  

But everyone will know that everyone thinks it will go lower so the the sentiment will be that market will move opposite and go higher. 

But the market likes to humble us, so because everyone thinks that it will go up because everyone thinks they know everyone thinks it will go down, then it will actually go down. 

But...
Good strategy, bro. $5 seems safe enough to withstand any negative news on their vaccine. 

Are you selling monthly puts or going long?
Monday
Both seem like great places.  Probably like to live in Asheville but visit Charleston.  I like cycling and Asheville is a where it all is at in the cycling world .
BIG gap at 233-225. Hope it goes there
Every decision I made in the last week was the wrong one, followed by a worse one.
Who's gonna know though
Can't they just use turbo tax
Banned for giving solid advice
The lifestyle how I see it is the notion of buying low and selling high on quality options opportunities with solid greek stats on underlying stocks that are valuable
Get them Starbucks.. they’ll feel better
Anyone buying MRNA calls? Isnt their vaccine data coming out next week?
What are you looking for? Jobs? Cheap housing? Less homeless people? Food and culture?
Not true at all. If that was true, why do the same people always end up in the finals of WSOP tournaments. Phil hellmuth has won 15 times. Must be lucky...
IDK about Phoenix. It's like they decided to build a city at the worst possible location.
R u sureeeee?
Weird how good coronavirus was for NIO. Was trading at $4 before the world fell apart.
Me too, I emailed them and they hit me back with some tendies to shut me up. I'm happy again.
Hold it for the long run?
The problem is he has never had a huge swing into the green.  Its always down big, back to even, and back
Ever seen a Nio on the road? Okay then, puts. There’s my DD.
Rahm playing like me currently
I’m at work in Murfreesboro right now. AMA
So, just found out the company I work for is closing down on Monday. God I wish I could just trade and not get a real job. Anyways, thanks to all you freaks and WSB I got a nice buffer from saving my tendies  
(positions: theta everything)
100% no
I feel so bad for my CPA during tax season, they have to enter every single transaction 😓
oh god yes keep talking dirty to me
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nice. I was thinking about jumping in on Monday.
He put the title like that so people can suck his dick and OP feels better about himself, like when someone posts a really nice painting or something and they say "it's not much but it's mine"
Tech is done, it’s at ATH but it will stay there. Now stupid shit like the DOW has to make its 30k run look like small potatoes
Taxes on $12 will be a bitch? Why?
lol. So you are already looking to get out after buying the dip ?
Stonksville.
Also if you want to "gamble" on options, do it with dividend income from stocks you own or funds generated from selling covered calls and puts.
Results released today (Saturday). Congrats, this might be big. But it'll be awhile, long way to go still.
Monday about to be blood green
Retard here checking in for duty
Look I certainly won't be mad if I end up being wrong but realistically the hype has gotten it up 1200% on the year, I think the steam has run out
I have January 15 calls and shares
Poooooooooooots
The broker test is orders of magnitude more difficult and being a broker exposes you to lots of legal liability if something fucks up in escrow. Not worth the extra 20% commission imo
Grandmas should not be buying shares.  There’s not a lot of time left.

Tell her to yolo it all on FSLY fds.
I’m pulling a 0 for ....on all my college picks right now so that bodes well for my SPY and NIO pooots. I’m not usually not this wrong all at once.
No one cares about stimulus now, it was hyped by the media and now without we are doing just fine.
Lol
Why not both?  Balls deep.
On Monday I'm gonna go all in on some shitty penny stonk that makes medical lsd or something. That's my DD.
I lost 4k buying 10$ macy 2021 jan calls and holding for 2 months tbh your right they may report terrible and burn, currently the prices for jan 10 calls are too high imo for the current price of the stock.
I promise I don't have COVID
Totally agree
lol good luck with AMCX, retard
Mods pinning DD to the top above the same fucking memes is honestly such BDE.
FILL MY ASS WITH CUM
Golfs
It may be a fact, but the statement itself still comes off as bitter. The same way it comes off as bitter when you look at someone living life better than you and say "must be nice". The statement in itself may be a fact (yes, their life is in fact nice) but the underlying message always implies jealousy or self-pity.
Fargo
I took profit at the top of NIO but ngl the dip cracked my resolve and I didn’t hop back in when I should have. 

I have loved ones who bought in to NIO very early on, at around $3, that have had their retirement outlooks substantially changed by the success of the stock, and the possibility of its continued growth. I get second hand anxiety for them. My own money is whatever, I’m numb to my account fluctuating 90% in a day. I let my worries for others cloud my own opinions and beliefs though, which is not a good way to invest.
What is it then retard
[removed]
Riced in
Nashville seems like it's going through a big change
Gravity
I’m also confused about the date

Moderna said end of the month but Fauci said within a week on Wednesday
Fuck yes daddy
Everyone hoping NIO goes up on Monday just assures me that any upwards movement will be met with lots of selling pressure from people trying to unload their bags. This is coming from someone holding NIO calls bought on Friday, thankfully I didn't sink my whole portfolio into it.
Pretty sure you sign paper work indicating you cannot disclose information or use that information for your benefit
Do bidets effectively wipe it forward or backward?
[deleted]
"lucky" beats "good" every time. And playing live, people are just plain having more fun in a tournament.
Kabul
I have some advice: go fuck yourself
I don't know how because I can't get past the verification either. However, when I first "joined" and before it put me in the verification channel, I could see a bunch of other channels.
Stay the fuck where you are
very thankful for this invite. looking forward to lowering my IQ
Buy spy options expiring same or next day. Get in and out ASAP for single digit percent gains. As soon as you are up put in a stop loss order. Make 3% daily nets you a 1600x return in a year (251 trading days).
WAKE ME UP INSIDE
If you could go ahead and rotate back to tech now that Covid is back that would be great.
Phoenix is booming, with lots of jobs and no snow ever.  115 takes a summer or 2 to get used to though.  But love the desert Southwest in general.
> parking Peterbilts in the spread. 

Absolutely hilarious. going to borrow this
I'm thinking $PLTR Jan 15 '21 $30 Call. Wanna do a proper yolo, so it'd be a thousand contracts.

&#x200B;

Should I do it?
Short float 69%. Nice.
Tel Aviv
Beijing
Charleston, SC and Asheville, NC are both the shit and not too overpopulated or anything. When gf and I move in a few years it’ll be between those two.
Well...debatable
Watts
[deleted]
My gf but yes. She sucks on my bank account harder than she does me
Bababoey
Funny fact: this thing will really do it 😂👍🏽
[deleted]
Please send pictures of your grandma’s feet and anus. Thank you.
While doing Chinese math...
I see it as a limit sell order with a cherry on top
[deleted]
Bro your comments were too long and I was too high. But the IP theft issue does suck, but it’s literally how the world works. Swiss watchmakers counterfeited French watches because it was a booming industry, but they streamlined production and even made improvements on it, that’s how humans advanced as a society. Don’t get hung up on this bs, companies that are willingly making shit for the cheap in China knew the risks but it’s a risk they take on when they wanna make shit for cheap
The first wave never ended?
I will blindly follow this autism
Ugh 🤦🏻‍♂️
Well unfortunately a good amount of our fellow Americans are retarded, as we’ve learned throughout this fun year
My favorites are the ones that think it’s a hoax
What do you like?
What's the most underrated city to live in right now? I need a place to move to
91 year old billionaire legend from Flint, Michigan just purchased THIS stock!
CHYNA!
A couple of Feb 20Cs, 500 shares, sold a Dec 7.50p to offset some theta decay.

Whatever makes sense with the wide bid/ask spread.. I'd maybe do spreads close to the money for December, or deep OTM calls for Feb or May.
Dont take any medication but i get super manic when i get caffeinated
What do you guys think of the vaccine news? Is that happening by December?
Looks like Philly is shutting down on Monday.
Already gay. So idk how’s that gonna work. r/Doublepenetration
Your contention is that WSB users executed the bulk of 2B plus worth of assets exchanged in one session in one stock? You fucking imbecile.
Sir this is the NIO investors club
Most of us here know we have gambling addictions. What I regret is the thousands i put into gacha games instead of stonks.
Man fuck DJ. No calls on that guy.
From 10k to 5 milli watch me do it. Puts, calls, stocks i'm option fluid. Drive my nio round the block, watch your girlfriends panties drop, yeah i know she's just a thot, but i jerk it to her tok. And now I'm drippin in GLD gotta get my TACO bold, nibbas thought I was over bought but bitch I'm over sold.
You mean you have 320k in this company? Or 10k. Sorry English isn't my first language. I think I am going to get a few hundred shares Monday morning, been hearing about them for a while.
Sometimes being autistic works in your favor, but every good thing has to come to an end
Counts his generational tendies and convinces himself that he deserves it
[removed]
Why would we learn about Chinese history in American history class?
lol k
Thank you
Yep.  For straight stonks its lot simpler and yep click and shit is done by time page loads lol.
Have you already forgotten that time when cases were skyrocketing and historic unemployment numbers posted every week and stonks went up
Is it insider trading if you buy calls on that company after not getting sick?
Honestly, this chat is retarded but with everything going on... and seeing gay ass NKLA explode like that without sales or even a real vehicle; I wouldn’t be surprised if NIO touched 65 or 70 before 2020 lol I’d def exit then and find a better entry tho
I was at 30k at one point but never took the profits and they disappeared. I know I’m an idiot.
1000 shares at 4.80.  riding til 10+
Not bad if you get the placebo
[deleted]
How the fuck do you know wsb volume you retard. And algos scan retards on daily basis
Moderna will release Monday, that’s why market pumped on such low volume Friday.
[deleted]
[removed]
All the other airlines still on Chapter 1. Sad!
inb4 autism
if they do then they already want to leave their wives anyway. Money just makes it easier
Bearish. Mitch isn't going to pass large stimulus, shut downs are ultimately coming because it will be politically infeasible to avoid them.
Please don't put it on anything besides December or January SPY puts. Sell after the crash then buy tech leaps
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialism_with_Chinese_characteristics
6 month outlook on the vaccine has already been priced in its not going back up
the more awards you have the gayer you are
Yup
I use both. Etrade fills orders fast but it's convoluted.
[deleted]
refills ink cartridges
I know these retards will probably post some stupid troll shit, but I have a genuine one, thank me later 😎

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JB_B7Yj1laE
Thank you
Damn u read out mind. Life is too short for a whale
Just got some emails offering me $1200 to be a lab rat for their vaccines
shutting down our pandemic response teams was a massive mistake

now it's too late and completely out of control
I’m pretty new to all of this, how do you research these peoples portfolios?
Thank you
Don't we all retards wish? $70 by EOW?
Thank you
Go to yahoo finance and look at the treasury bonds. Look up which markets are effected by bond yields and how. Sorry too many people on this sub ask me to be their source on google without being willing to use google themself. It’s a click away!
[deleted]
To the moon
I wonder what JPow does on the weekends.
That's not an argument in this case. Saying that India doesn't have a rape problem because rape used to be more common centuries ago, or that the fact that it isn't reported at high enough levels shows that it is overblown, is ridiculous. Arguing that we shouldn't be talking about India's rape issue because rape happens everywhere fails to address the fact that women are raped in daylight and on the streets of India. On busses. It is far more common than the numbers suggest.
But by bringing this up, now I am a pawn of Mike Pompeo and have a hard-on for isolationism? Or do you only get defensive about these things when it is directed towards China?
Yes, playing same week expiry is the reason. I am also one of that kind. From March 2020 even if we keep one pay check amount expires on 1/15/21 we could have made rather than chasing same week. It became trend for eg we have huge number of contracts on Tesla same week and they expire there is no movement, next week Tesla rallies to record high we don’t have positions. The more we desperate to make money in short time and it hurts more. Playing long and resisting our temptations will help us. Lost 350k(140k my hard earned money and 200k profits). Wish you all the best
might be a result of interaction between caffeine and medication you might be taking
Can someone explain what is actually happening here? Like the physics behind it?
[deleted]
After this cycle has run its course there will be two sets of people. Those who had lost big and will stare at a difficult life and those who would have made insane profits.

Be greedy when majority are fearful and fearful when majority are greedy. 2020 has given us both these phases.
Those are 2 valid points and one sort-off meaningless statement, e.g. ACB was $140 in January 2018. (twas the weed bubble)
I can't bro. Shit is way too ugly, almost competing with my gf
WMT and TGT charts look like they are ready for a yugeee breakout
To my point... “murdered by wsb”. WSB doesn’t have the buying power to do shit when that volume of stocks are traded in one session.
[deleted]
China isn’t Korea, goodnight sweet prince 🤫
Can’t lose everything unless your calls are short term or you have shares... there is hype around this stock and we can’t rlly do anything about it... tards will sell while others buy the dip and make money around the hype. Good luck to you lad, as always wall street bets has never been right lol
So how you get free money?
Damn man—I’d say you should get a broker’s license and undercut all of them
Not true at all
you got the gamble 
Learn to control it 
Read some real gamblers books, they all took big losses, losing is apart of having the gift to be able to take risk
Don’t focus on the amount lost, focus on the decision made. The money will come. Make better decisions then put money at risk. 
Also it may not even be your gamble it could be you not sober while you taking risks I don’t know but I say don’t give up because most people wouldn’t have the courage to lose that amount. 
For the ones of us that do, it’s a gift. 
Go jog a mile or 2 it will lower your stress and clear your mind. 
Research a play with your last 20k risk only 2500 at a time of the 20k and don’t give up 

If you have outside drugs or alcohol let that go. 

Paul tutor Jones lost and lost and family told him to do something else. 
Bill ackman routinely bets 30 million or more on plays

The ability to take risk is your edge, don’t let non risk takers encourage you to give up 
Losing is apart of being a risk taker

Review your losses if you are serious
This is the same thing happening to me
I heard my wife's boyfriend talking on the phone about Nio, something with tires I think
Haha can’t wait to beat off to your loss porn
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/iqpmjd/stop_being_a_fucking_pussy/g4tgur5/)*
Holy shit im just furious how the United States couldn't contain the virus and now we're having a 3rd wave with new shutdowns. We can't afford to shut down without a new stimmy. Americans don't want to shut down anymore. Why couldn't we have acted much faster to contain it? People chose freedom from wearing a piece of cloth over thousands of lives. All trump did was ban travel from China and nothing else. My god our country is fucked. Bullish or bearish for tech?
As an astronaut, it’s just a fucking mattress
Thank you for this
Rip
Nothing to do with IV crush. NIO went back over $45 at the close.
Market wouldn't let a little old lady get hurt.  Unless of course I go long PLTR in which case she better take some profit or she's going down with me
Found money I forgot about in my GayPal account from draftkings wins. Monday shall be delicious.
Don't you dare talk about my money baby like that.
aint that the truth
Why sir? Earnings trending up for sure
[deleted]
[deleted]
Algos.
DIAMOND HANDS THIS BITCH TO THE  MOON
4 microseconds.
GameStop will squeeze like crazy, just gotta be patient
Holding March 21 7.5c bby
Solo will keep running to $10
🌈🐻🌈🐻
Here's a tip

Draw your crayons on part of DKNG's historical chart and see if the price actually follows the crayons

Hint: it doesn't
LMAO fr tho
That's a really nice dream and this is coming from someone holding calls. I've already accepted losing everything I have in NIO calls, so should you
[deleted]
Shouldn’t we consider ATH as the closing price?

And does that even have any meaning in contrast to intraday high?
Alexa play ain’t no stopping us now by McFadden
As a field epidemiologist, PTON will rise again and soon. The monkey's out of the bottle, man. Pandora doesn't go back in the box..
TGT calls tho?
[deleted]
Wrong. I went from 100% TSLA to 100% Nio ;) Just 20k tho
Very good job. You are taking out money. Awesome. Every time you make a profitable trade take some money out. 5% 25% 50% of your gains. You pick. Just keep doing it. Put it in your Roth IRA if you don't fund it already.. Then put those taken out funds in dividend stocks and sell covered calls. Or cash covered puts. Very safe bets to generate tiny bits of income off safer investments. I like Microsoft for this, though it takes $21600 to do that. Although you can sell cash covered puts on SPCE and make over 1 percent a week - obviously at greater risk. But you only need about 2k to do it.
Trading volume of 579 million on Friday and you think that’s WSB?
I mean if your trying to bet on your testicles with puts, I wouldn’t disagree
We would dig up HTZ's corpse and party with it if given the chance
Yes the market is completely incapable of looking forward 8 months to see the reality that will be a decimated customer base.
Why?
[deleted]
[removed]
The motion sickness is real af the first couple of times you use it but it goes away. I can sprint around and fly and shit for hours with no discomfort at all. Friends can too who have used it way less. 

A 2 hour session first time in VR playing an intense game is rough though. I recommend starting with SuperHot because 1.) it’s amazing and 2.) doesn’t require much movement that would be disorienting
https://youtu.be/9EEG_Sq580A

You ain’t never heard something like this before
Just saying that I’ve got more awards this day alone more than anyone existed on earth
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/anon29488284828 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
96 tercels was my first car. I miss it :(
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Front_for_the_Reunification_of_Korea
Expectations were wayyyyyy higher in this sub
Nice volume pocket from its gap up that could send it down quickly if it did sell off.
15.  Had the numbers reversed.  Fixed it for you
[deleted]
100c, 1/21 119c 11/20
Wait, you're actually a communist, but you're in wallstreetbets?
Yeah, that place is similar. The thing that attracts people to it is it's the largest buffet in South Dakota
THIS.

IS.

THE.

WAY.

Suck it  🌈🐻 and sideway boomer TSLA traders
Buy a thousand PLTR stocks. Plenty of upside and every dollar of movement = 1000 bucks without the downside of going to zero with a bad options play.
Big if true
I think this guy is on to a brand new idea that nobody has thought before in the last 6 months
We can all see the moment you discovered WSB 😂
OXY dec $14c baby eZ 5 bagger if we get vaccine news and cyclicals rally another 4%
Anyone here bag holding Solo 11/20 calls ?
Damnnn boyy.. you must be smart as hell.. >99.67% of this sub
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
You upside down?
I like and have watched SE though Mango man's attempts to escalate a trade war with Chyna got me worried for all chinese related stocks. For sure, if SE dips to $160, always buy cause it has consistently rebounded to $180 a day or 2 later
Widespread vaccination is 6 months-1 year out, best case.
Guess it depends on their Phase 3 results

Do you own any calls on it? If so what strike and expiry? I might buy some too
[deleted]
GME please save my account
Market is expecting to hear Moderna news this week even though the company said end of the month. This whole week we might be green on Moderna hopes.
Looking at that first thing Monday morning. Wow.
Hey. Green is green
[deleted]
What diapers would you recommend?
CHWY was never much of meme stock here and has moved with the other stay @ home stocks.
[deleted]
Thank you, very useful.
Tyson foods earning monday, i’m balls deep so i guess wall streets, the fbi and the cia knows it so they’ll fuk me up good
When my account goes pooof it’s Enya.
JMIA made me double what I put it in the way up. It seems to have found support, but it’s a really volatile stock with +-20% days. Could easily triple your money though.
Nio = car version of lucklin
Look at the bid/ask spread. That’s why
Valve Index, wouldn’t buy any others.
AMD 90c 12/18 

AMD 86c 11/27

RKT 23c 12/18
Rio king von
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese\_Communist\_Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_Communist_Party)
Tell that to jack ma lol.
This DD flairing is retarded.
I dont know what that means, but sounds hype, lets go!! 😎😎😎
Keep your fucking politics out of my casino
I did £1000 at like, $53. Yolo NIO to the moon my neighbour
Yeah, I'm looking for a rotation out of tech. I'm moving back into basic materials lately.
correct stock assesment

the ccp is very corrupt and morally bankrupt

just look at what they are doing to tibetans, uyghurs and falun gong practitioners
Also everyone should buy weeklies.
Theta gang 😎
Wow that is unheard of in CA where i operate lol
As far as distro: TMO manufactures Ultra Cold refrigerators. Kroger and a consortium of other grocery stores and department stores with pharmacies have offered to give the vac out for free. 

Same thing that kept it running last time. Free money from the stimulus that will drop when B takes office. Sheer boredom from individuals working from home who still have jobs and disposable income the can't spend in public places. Sport betters heading back into the market when sports are cancelled again. 

The bill will come due at some point for all this government spending.
I’m flying solo
[removed]
darude - sandstorm
I mean it is free money but the 110 IQ play is to buy some deep OTM calls for May 2021.  If you haven't done the research I'll just keep it simple.. BCLI could go up 1000% in the next few months.
We have no way of telling how low you were, retard.
He has to have something on the radar, especially with those Jan 15. Black Friday sales? Holiday sales? Last year they were on the 13th. Too close. It can't be Q3, right?
[deleted]
Calls but potentially both printing if we get a Monday remake
AAL and UAL will go Chapter 11 first.
What vr system do you have? Think imma get the vr for ps5 when I can finally get the ps5
The revealing of new tech is not the same thing as earnings retard
Fuck off nerd, Nio is going to beat everyone. China has the most car sales ~~on~~ in the world and the strong communist government is helping Nio get HUGEEE

Jump on the Nio train now there is a nice dip and eat some of dem Chinese tendies you  🌈🐻
Ban this moron, Mods.
[deleted]
This was a correction during covid.
[deleted]
Up 10,000 and an account balance of 8,000. You’re doing it right, I guess?
[deleted]
Fair! I'll leave up my comment in case anybody else missed this as well
I have positions in BABA...

Again, if you read my comments you will see that I address virtually everything you said. You are focused on what I said about Alibaba, but the *only* reason I even mentioned Alibaba when I did is because it was brought up in this thread, and people are going to be more familiar with it.

Obviously Alibaba isn't the Silk Road or some darkweb, conspiracy, criminal organization trafficking counterfeit goods. But until recently, Alibaba had a much bigger counterfeit goods problem, and it wasn't until the US banned them that they really began cracking down.

Now it is much harder to find counterfeit goods on Alibaba, but you still can. But this isn't about Alibaba or even counterfeit goods... It's just that nobody engaged over "intellectual property" because I guess they have no idea what that is. As soon as I mentioned counterfeit items, we went down this rabbit hole.
Calls or puts printing monday
[deleted]
[deleted]
And stay at your wife’s head area. The doctor puts a bucket between his legs and your wife’s strains to get the baby out brings the shit. Not pretty on that end.
Don't worry, you already got owned by inflation.
Omg u a quant?
GME has double % sorry GME GANG till it squeezes
Airlines debt:

* American Airlines: $28.193 billion
* United Airlines: $18.772 billion
* Delta Air Lines: $18.539 billion
* Southwest Airlines: $9.115 billion
* JetBlue: $3.711 billion
* Spirit Airlines $2.332 billion
* Alaska Airlines: $1.549 billion
* Allegiant Air: $1.273 billion
* Hawaiian Airlines: $868 million
[deleted]
I think the acquisition of sweetwater and the presidency/legalization changes the outlook from say 2018 or even early 2019. I’ve been in/out for years. Let’s not forget this was $15-$18 in January of 2018.
Times your loss by 2 and thats me
[deleted]
Big “IF” though I think the short sellers will cover before Xmas and that’s where it’ll pump(prolly on black Friday news). Short term we def gonna follow historical and crash. Market has mob mentality as it’s driven by fomo and fud due to retail investor increase.
Still worth nothing. Even Canadian tire money is worth more then CAD.
someone drop their music suggestions
No u
I will sleep easy this weekend. Time to put the phone down.
Stop saying we are at ATH when we aren’t it’s so cringe when bears say this until spy is 364 and QQQ is 303 then we aren’t at ATH
Inflation has been going on for a long time. People just conveniently use metrics that ignore the biggest examples of it.
I'm holding my short 11/20 40p.
nvidia would be at 700 already if it weren't for the vaccine news on monday
I sold a shitton of $5 puts yesterday before close.

Even if it declines 50% I'd still have leftover credit lol
China is not really a communist nation. That’s an established fact. They have a capitalist economy. They literally just say “What? Just because we have private capitalists and entrepreneurs doesn’t mean we have abandoned our communist ideals. The government still guides us.”

Like, they have capitalism but the Authoritarian government has total power, and uses communist rhetoric.
I got banned from /r/personalfinance when someone asked about investing in stocks and i told him to come here
I have been slowly making money and finally have 15k in my account. It is fun making options trades for hundred of dollars in seconds but I want to risk it all baby. Where can I put this fat stack and double, triple, or loss this piece of paper made fancy?
procrastination nation
🅱️eekend 🅱️ow 🆙
got like an entire folder of this shit if you want more links.
I am not sure I follow your example. ZM's market cap is 115bn vs UBER's 84bn. A 10% drop in ZM thus would equal 15% drop in UBER. 
I think you're mixing stock price vs market capitalization.

I looked at 2yr beta of UBER and it stands at 1.7x, a fairly sizeable beta. Looking at the R-squared, its at 45%, pretty decent, as far as betas are concerned.
[removed]
I’ll stick to bagholding gamestop, but thanks
I think this is the way. They are hugging it out over a glass of Baijiu as we speak
Pick any.
There are. You just have to get in first.
NIO open 51 then mooning to 58 before earnings
Brokers gave out 10x margin in the 1920's and yada yada yada we now got Leo memes about a Chinese EV company
https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/Papers.cfm?abstract_id=3512481
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communism
Damn wtf!
I only pay my broker a set transaction fee, as long as they get their $400 or whatever I can set whatever rates I want
https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2010PhyA..389.5447C/abstract
Anybody at Phoenix Sky harbor wanna choke me in the men’s room for $50? This hangover isn’t worth the pain.
[deleted]
NIO open 51
Okay guys JD vs SE ... give it to me
https://www.pnas.org/content/95/7/4072
[deleted]
There's an argument to be made that capitalism doesn't HAVE to make money everyway possible. We can all agree making money off a good company(treats workers well, invest in community etc.) is greater than making money off slave labor?

For all its faults capitalism is still the best system of going from poor to well off we have seen. Just dislike the notion that being evil within capitalism is accepted.
Such a slow airline 😡🤬😡
[deleted]
NIO join the hall of fame of stonks murdered by wsb together with PTON, CHWY and PRPL
I heard NIO will announce a vaccine on Monday.
Something something 🅱️eekend 🅱️ow
[removed]
Oh yeah
I just had to laugh at the "Investing" label dominating these three screenshots
Black Scholes has an absurd amount of limitations inherent in it. It's good enough for most purposes though.
Follow trends and try to catch them before they happen. I was in Nio since $18 with $40 option calls.
This is some decent shit but your examples show they don’t care about engines but do care about interiors, and price tags (being high enough to show off). Tesla is pumping $30k model3’s, no one who wants luxury wants to be associated with those peasants. In fact ppl already pissed off by model 3 price continue to drop.

A brand either goes luxury or not, no middle ground. Tesla is benefiting from earlier days but as shit sink in, it’s not a luxury brand anymore if they have $20k volume cars.
Southwest
I’m a TSLA bull but Elon got COVID. Won’t it affect it to the downside in the short term? Idk
Being early is the same as being wrong, sadly. 

You probably know this already but don’t play options with more than 5-10% of your entire portfolio. It’s a lot of money but you’re young and you can obviously make it all back. Good luck.
Vaccines wont be out until next year, we will all still need and continue to use Zoom, 600$ before New Year :)
Ngl I have become very addicted to Pavlov. VR shooters are unreal.
PLTR right?
[removed]
It’s big breain time
spirit
[deleted]
southwest
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China)
I think you all should sell Nio into earnings and buy after the big dip

Think Tesla battery day
You could always go mutual funds that way you're still in the market but not actively fucking your future self over.  You're not in a bad spot even after this.  Good paying job and more savings than 90% of the world.
[deleted]
Okay so Kim Jong un is a Democrat yes? Because apparently we take names of parties at face value
na, its an epidemic like obesity and costs many billions in productivity and health care costs. it's also very boring and i say this from a lot of experience. i used to go through a half bag a week

2020 best year financially lmao were you high when you wrote that
Not a DD.
quantum finance has discovered issues with Black-Scholes.
IP theft happens everywhere and throughout history. How do you think any product/invention becomes widespread? Look up the history of Swiss watches, or Japan and US trade relstions. You are a pawn of Mike Pompeo, who has had a hard on for isolationism for decades. Don’t be a fucking tool, think for yourself, I know it’s hard for a single brain cell retard like you
LOL
For sure.  She won't have a problem finding a job or starting a company ever again.
Can I touch her butt too?
also dont think its as easy to fake car sales numbers vs number of coffees sold
Are u retarded? What’s the leading party in China?
[deleted]
P-pretty cool right? 😎
norwegian airlines
You are right, retard, paypal looks very interesting. I see 300 during next year.
yes american retarded
CCL
sMaLl sTrEet GaIns ..... bruh those money you earned are equivalent to a lot of hours behind a Wendy's
We aren't at ath
Amzn 12/18 3300/3320c

Nvda 1/15 600/610c

PLTR leap, but that is up

SHOP 12/18 1080/1100c - have been wrecked on this obviously

ZM 1/15 540/550 - got for dirt cheap this week 

Tsla 12/18 420/440c - got this week on the dip to 410 

Plus i have JD , Apple, and tsla leaps.

Edit: could have just said tons of tech to save all the typing, obviously why i have been cucked for a little while
Maybe, but we also now know when we won’t need it as much anymore because of vaccine. My guess is it trades flat unless all of retail jumps into it.
member when people where debating whether to buy SNOW or PLTR
Name me a terrible airline, go!
So how do change the chart color from red to green?
There was a grimy one by my old office and our cheapass charlatan boss always insisted on taking us there for staff lunches because it's a flat $15/head and nobody can order anything expensive lol The food was garbage and would always make us feel like shit the rest of the day

Anytime I mentioned to him about the food quality he'd get visibly agitated, turn red, start adjusting pencils and shit on his desk, it's funny when a narcissist gets triggered
Massive bear flag and back test of declining moving averages until proven otherwise
no ban
It's actually the Roman numeral for 4 which means the % chance that your call will be a 4bagger
On the other hand if she is forced out she shouldn't have trouble getting backing for ARK 2.0
anyone looked at BCLI? IV is like 400%, how is selling puts here not free money
This gives me faith to never enter the game.
🤔
Got 30 11/20 13c something in my gut just tells me next week is the week.
Just saying that options pricing use Black Scholes.. I’m an actuaryyy
Lol I see you're something of a professional.
Perfect low cost delivery vehicle to compliment all the insta delivery needs.
It doesn’t make any sense at all for NIO to be like LK. 

What in their books looks suspicious? What? Increased car sales? 

LK was acting like they were fucking Starbucks + Amazon opening up hundreds of stores, saying they had killer sales, etc. NIO just rode a hype rally by being in the EV sector.
That’s not how gapping up works dummy. We’re already at ATH gap up would mean it’s going from the current level to a previous one.
On the other side of this as my first time as a 🌈 🐻 
350p
Buy LMND next meme run up
Well it started as 500/mo which is average where I live. Also my building took a $1mm loan and made tenants pay for it during a fucking pandemic. It is what it is.
China hasn't been communist since the Mao era lol. People are so retarded
covid derk er jerbs
And now you feel like shitting on anyone else? Not even that good of a performance for a gambler tbh
And even for us non-retards that guy can't f****** write
Zoom 470$, rise in covid cases / more lockdowns and longer video calls with Thanksgiving coming up! 🦃
Were you assigned?
Drop the charade bro, there’s nobody reading these comments this far down. Counterfeit goods are a non issue, because it makes up such a small percentage it’s negligible. Counterfeits happen everywhere, it’s not a systemic issue for ppl that buy shit of BABA, if there are some instances, that’s because there are some instances in every platform including Amazon. Idk what your DD is supposed to be then, BABA bad because of some fake shit?
it’s not 53 cents u tard
HOA won’t let me improve the look of my house, true story
You know when Evel Knievel would jump buses and you see all those people standing around watching on sidelines.  Yeah one of those.  Loss porn is someone fucking up the landing or hell the whole jump usually lol and their corpse getting loaded in the ambulance.
Redfin agents do less negotiating than independent agents from my experience. I love when redfin buyers come to my listings, even last year they were paying full list price. Find a local independent broker and demand they match redfin...they probably will
Does the gym pay well?
Sand it to me, I will do :)
Save me solo, save me. !
[deleted]
You're bad at gambling
>hey can price their vehicles lower than what NIO can.

Than why arent they
Home Depot and Walmart again already?
Not a bad idea...

What a time to be alive
As long as theyre capitalists making money off anyone, isnt it still within their principle?
Jobs are never coming back again..
They did another share offering and the IPO isn’t a year old I believe. I loved the company and invested in it months ago, but now I wouldn’t touch it with a ten foot pole. I like the company too it’s fine, but another share offering? I don’t like that at all.
[deleted]
Is your broker ok with that? Or are you the broker
I laughed way too hard looking up what that meant
Wow, your parents must've really hated you
Hmm I find it weird you browse WSB and don’t trade options.
Stay away for awhile. Dont catch that 🔪
Wait so holding BABA calls over the weekend might be alright...?
[you guys think i'm getting banned or nah?](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jq3vjf/why_nio_is_pumping_1118_ban_bet/)
Gourmet artisan small batch cage free autism
ye guess we rip
Dont sell, idiot. It's urban real estate. It always goes up. Rent it out and use the income to buy another place.
We will gap up on Monday

Edit: I don't want it to happen, which is why it will
nah have some cash list for 0dte calls incase we rip
Haha i actually https://imgur.com/a/e7P0xSE
They have 100,000 pre orders supposedly
Big Etrade fan but Gen X who doesn't trade options so ...  Etrade was our RH back in the day.
Liquidity, lots and lots of it. Never underestimate the feds printing capacity.

Will come crashing when inflation rears its ugly head. 

But we have a long way to go till then.
Definitely not me I had to take dick shrinkening pills to become a normal size
Maybe closer to thanksgiving or Xmas.
Yah man, holding these puts has been frustrating, REALLY hope it pays off...
IV is just a fancy way to say extrinsic value
Inherent value. Not a difficult concept. It's how much the stock should be worth in an ideal world. Don't see how even a dumbass couldn't understand that.
$UBER is gonna make me a very wealthy man.

https://imgur.com/gallery/b7hyA5X
Did anyone ask you to post your diary here?
we really need to have a special hotline for wsb's to reach a shrink
"As of september 30". NIO was at $22 at that point, doesn't mean they didn't / are not going to sell when they're up over 100%.
Oof this analysis hits home. I went to Walmart in February to stock up on ~~~~300 bales of toilet paper~~~~ groceries, I wore a mask and it was the cleanest I've ever felt in a walmart. Until my cashier started projectile vomiting. I wish I were making that up.
U, crsr and amd
Calls on Baidu
That shit is hilarious
At least they were good prices
HOA fees are not as fun as HOE fees. In one instance you get ducked in other you are doing ducking
Can we bring back the SNOW pump and dump?
Me
Pleaseeee.. I have 450 weekliessss
You know the Asians are/were laughing at us on the whole mask thing.  With a bazillion people and other outbreaks of shit in the past maybe we should have followed them sooner.  Seem to know what the fuck they are doing.
imagine drinking Luckin Coffee in your new NIO car
Okay but I hope it’s fixed soon!!
had to change my pants too
E trade or TOS
Explain plz
Cancelled student loans= more autists buying NIO calls
Wife her
Found the guy that just figured out what IV is
Hitler ate with his mouth! All the mouth-breathing, tap water-IQ liberals are Nazis!
Have you heard of Jelqing?
yea but IV was 200% on friday. it will not be that high monday and tuesday without a huge price swing. and with the Citron nuke its possible we wont see massive swings like usual. NIO is down AH
Idk
Gtfo
Inferiority complex? You sure seem like someone who is getting your panties in a knot over what *I said*, not the other way around. The only person expressing an inferiority complex is *you,* because you are offended that someone is willing to call out China over intellectual property theft, and then claim that by doing so I must be xenophobic and feel that I am above the 1.4B people in China.

Also, not once did I say that Alibaba is going to fail, nor did I express sentiment that I *want* Alibaba to fail. Pointing out that Alibaba has a counterfeit goods problem doesn't mean that I think Chinese people are dumb or that fried rice sucks. Saying that China's intellectual property theft issue needs to be addressed doesn't mean that I think every Chinese person is going to steal my wallet.

You need to learn to remove your defensive emotions from the arguments you are trying to make.
Moon mission Monday or face ripping dump 2nd day in a row, we will see
Dow is blood red rn.. so yes
So sell Tuesday night, got it.
english please for us retards. is this bullish or not
Oh shot stick with the app or try TD, they’re always faster
Yup. If I waited and timed it correctly
This is like 3 weeks old
It's amazing, IV is actually a fairly simple concept, yet one of the most misunderstood here on WSB
How many of y’all bought lotto calls like I did?
We are all clowns. 

https://i.imgur.com/WCnKsgZ.jpg
I said stakes in NIO and other companies since op mentioned it (BABA) I didn’t mean that ARK owns any NIO (though they should imo).
Dude...that TV fell on his head...
I wanna see nio do a lk$ so bad 

It would be super wsb entertainment
where are the 🚀🚀🚀?
Haha fair enough. Pretty sure they put up the stocks they invest in themselves!
Who has spy puts who has spy calls
Big red Monday
never done a tournament, only cash games. i want to do a tourney but im not "good"
Priced in 

Nio took all the Tesla money
Financial literacy at its finest
[deleted]
Except the last two times there were console releases it didn’t have 130% short interest. Now here’s where I put on my tinfoil hat. Every time there’s bullish technicals on GME they never complete. There were like 3 cup and handles that formed on GME in the span of 2-3 weeks. Every time it tried to complete the formation, the stock tanked. Now we have a bearish indicator. I’m not accusing the short sellers of trying to fabricate a bearish technical after manipulating bullish ones, but I’m not *not* accusing them either. They put a lot of money behind their thesis that GME will go bankrupt, but it seems like that thesis is quickly eroding. So what can be done to keep them from being squeezed harder than a downsie’s cock while he’s jerking off? They reduce the hype in the stock by crashing it and keeping it low. 

But Q3 reports show that institutional investors are adding more GME to their portfolios. And people are buying and holding shares for the inevitable squeeze. The less shares in the float, the easier the stock price can be manipulated, both upwards and downwards. If the GME hype comes back, then the buyers will easily overwhelm the shorts, and they will be caught with their dicks in their hands.
> $10,000+ gain

Wait so when does Wall Street become Small Street Bets become...?
Breh I’m so 50/50 right now technicals look like a swift drop is coming but shot has been wild and I’ve said similar in July.
Thinking about becoming a gypsy
How about draft kings ;(
IV will remain high until Wednesday morning
You’re clearly a 🌈 🐻
Fuck my mtch$ calls
25k is a fail safe number. It's good for getting out of shit trades quickly, that's about it. You'll lose your money faster than you could suck off one dude with a gun to your head thinking it's cheat codes
I don't have anything to back it up, but it just seems to me like a perfect time to do it, while the stock is going parabolic, easy money for them.
Sell premium for NIO earnings, with IV so high you can probably do credit spreads like 25% OTM and still get great ROIs lol.

Also it’s gonna be hard af to play some of these retail stores like TJ Maxx or Macy’s. Thoughts? Their earnings are going to be terrible but maybe not as terrible as expected AND now we have a potential MRNA vaccine pump incoming that can moon them again. Hard to guess but there will prob be large movements in either direction.
How do you know it's going to dump? Do you have insider info?? NIO is about to pump the fuck up. More and more Institutional shareholders are taking positions on it.
It happened yesterday for me too lost about 2k cuz it was slow!! Afff
I will take the other side of that, first of all you have 20k and a good job  are you serious you are no where near a gambling problem yet.... you bought the wrong expiration week made a bad trade so just refocus and put the 20k in and go long 1 stock at a time that got momentum, learn everything about the company and if you are wrong exit trade rinse and repeat.

A gambling problem is losing your life saving, your job, and going into debt 100k 

You still good, regroup take a week off and only follow 1 stock, learn it inside out, take small profit and build back confidence with small wins.
What are shares?
I would you tell your employer that?
THEY ARE THE SAME COMPANY OKAYYY!!!
Sometimes you just gotta take care of things in ways that you can.
Wait, is this fake loss porn? Based on your other thread this is just a half exercised trade. It should correct on market open.
No
Well done!! Keep it up
I don't think so but I'm not about to all in on puts
NIO up +75% on Tatooine
[yes](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jq3vjf/why_nio_is_pumping_1118_ban_bet/)
Song name?
It’s my pipe dream to become a full fledged day trader so until I have like 40k saved in the bank I don’t feel it wise to keep in my RH account because if it’s there I WILL use it.
The reason I ask you what your plan is though a single fundamental portion of options pricing: Dollars count. Let's take Zoom for instance, it's about 405 right now, and Uber is about 48, so if Zoom drops 10% it is almost equivalent to the entire valuation of Uber and a far, far more likely event. SPY and Zoom are much closer in price so you have a better offsetting without having to put up significantly more capital in order to achieve the same leveraged result because basically you have to lever up to SPY to offset it through this hypothesis by a factor of whatever the beta would be so if the beta of UBER were 1 you would need enough Uber puts to equate 1 valuation of SPY which, if we just used spot price (simplified, completely incorrect) would be about 741% leverage in options. 

I guess the question is, even if your plan were surefire, 100% true and correct is this cost effective? Even if your assessment at the base is correct, that it would be UBER is overvalued and will fall harder than SPY, is it going to fall 7x harder or do you need to lever up 7X or is it something in the middle?

I guess in my opinion that is why I said you'd be better off just buying something that is naturally beta neutral and go with that.
Literally nothing
u know bulls always walkin around with that bigc dawg
Sir today is Saturday
\[Disclaimer\] This event has caused complex implications regarding stock options that were not included in the original post. Beneficiaries included but are not limited to 0DTE put option buyers, buyers of lower-cost premium call options, writers of long put options.
Think of it this way, if everyone is bullish, what are the choices they can make on their positions?
[deleted]
Don't sell just rent it out and get a 30-year 2.8% mortgage on the new place
Wonder how solo had 140 m volume. That’s high
[deleted]
Harder to lose money when you don’t have any
Why on earth RH website takes so long to load when clicking on the different expiring options?!!! Anyone else experiencing this? Thank you
You're correct, but seeing how easily he got triggered is kinda telling 😂
And its gone.  Do report political bullshit.  Plenty of other subs for that.
More matches less meet ups
The mention of supply chain constrictions in Q4 was a little concerning. Everyone’s expectations are going up bigly but I’m not sure if they will smash 4Q expectations like they did for Q3. Either way I'm long but likely getting out around 40 or prior to next earnings if it starts to run up prior.
We don’t have to wear face masks all day at work since we work in our own areas 

My coworker is a cool dude and have never seen him without his face mask off. Seen him for the first time and now I know why he keeps it on, dude has a weak facial structure. I was kind of shocked
can someone counter ban-bet me that NIO closes red 11/18? A lot of bears talking shit and claiming positions but no pics lol
Brad or Greg?
Been around longer than you, sweetie pie.
You had over 100k at just 25 yr of age? That's incredible. You're young as fuck, no worries. The time is on your side to rebuild your wealth. 

BTW, as a Canadian as well here, what alternative investment do you intend to go for now? I've been wondering what etf to get into.
There has got to be bunch of people out there with mask fetishes that are loving life right now.
My JD calls are ok with this. Lol.
SpaceX launch tomorrow..TSL 430 Monday
Tell that to the retard who lost 100k on the front page
You ever shit so hard your ears sort of ring and it kind of knocks you offline for a brief moment then you snap back to reality? Me neither.
Holy fuck dude are you serious?
It is usually a cheap way of passing time at the casino. Depending on your betting level, of course. I actually prefer tournaments myself.
Means it’s time to buy
I think there are a lot of women not dating right now because of COVID. Guys of course don't mind, so this throws off the whole gender ratio and makes it much harder to find a date.
Under my mattress. Come and try and take it from me I swear to fucking god I have more guns than you have hairs on your nuts
^MU 🐂
[deleted]
Few more YOLO's and you'll be right back, or straight to 0.
It wasn't automod because four DDs that I posted stayed up for 2-4 hours and got more than 10 upvotes. Could have been votebot in 2 of the cases but it was mode removed in two of the cases. If automod removes them we usually fix the post and retry until it passes automod filter. This was largely a problem 2-4 weeks ago. The current lack of DD is mostly due to that problem and lingering sentiment from then. I think the problem is largely resolved. It just takes some time for people to start posting DDs.
Everyone is expecting this. Take that as you will.
I'm sure that stable genius knew that already
imagine taking a 50k loss while paying 900 dollars a MONTH just to fucking live there. I hope you are better at stock investments than real estate ones jesus
You’re a young one aint ya
I wonder if anyone here purchased shares in the 50s
Glad to hear it!
Dude shits gonna sink, just be ready for it.  You can clean up either way.  Tesla can and will eat it's lunch when it comes down to it.  They can price their vehicles lower than what NIO can.
Bitch I shop there regardless. Why pay $90 for a gay Calvin Klein shirt when you can get it for $20
I too think that counties with 10 sister-fuckers should be worth the votes of 10k city-slickers
any bulls on bigc?
My 20c 11/27 is down 89%
The nazis were very clean
Good bot
Sir this is the NIO investors club
🤣 stfu
I’m not in MD, but what is your opinion on using Redfin to sell? I’m not down to pay 6% when Redfin offers 4.5% to sell.
I went all in Friday on the idea that green Monday because covid isn’t in the states the market cares about. Did I fuk up?
News flash every year more people live in friggin cities which concentrates population.  This isn't 1835 and everyone isn't a fucking farmer any more.
Bro if you actually believe the context of the situation is the same as 2012 then you're an idiot. People wanted the mango man gone so they came out in record numbers to vote his ass out.
I covered the camera on my phone and literally 10 minutes later got an ad on reddit about some anti hacker software. It referenced some video game character and said something like "video game character might be able to see through walls, but with our software no one will spy through your cameras" wtf
Nio up 100% in hogwarts
Good bot
It’s not coaches for pros is coaches for normies who want to get better. I also thought it sounded dumb at first but it seems there is a market for it and they’re looking to leverage their services to sell more product. We will see how it turns out.
There is *nothing*, and I mean *nothing* more American than profiting off the labor of other countries.
You can totally charge a Nio battery, swapping is an optional service...

But think about it: automatic battery swapping is the most convenient solution, it removes all the downsides associated with owning an electric vehicle. It's a true innovation from Nio.
But we already know this, look at difference in share price and cap 🙄
yes but IV wont be 200% lol, and if earnings is bad (which i think itll be good) its GG
Gay were done with that here
Or gay.
It's more like "most anticipated losses" for Nio's case.
HOAs are annoying as fuck
Why be piggies with NIO when you can be **BULLS** with MU
Maybe they were talking about China?
Christ mine was 250 a year in Texas and I was pissed
...stupid im talking bout nio and all the chinese pump and dumps
Yeah  but are woman more horny now ?


Dating apps are they better now !
> How hilarious is it that you are in a subreddit called WallStreetBets with anti-capitalistic views?

> Ethics are a thing.

Hilarious and hypocritical indeed, considering that I was only playing off of your "ethical" soapbox.
You are SO young, you really are in a very good spot. Honestly this is the perfect time to learn this lesson rather than down the road when you’ve saved up substantially more.

I think you’ve recognized that you weren’t trading in a healthy way and that’s a huge plus. Just do ETFs on a retirement account, you have a good job it seems and you’ll make a solid amount and have a great retirement. That’s what my gf does and she’s really responsible about saving and she almost makes more than me and never has to manage positions. 

If you ever want to trade options again just start small. Like 5K. And don’t deposit more just let it grow or burn. I watched alot of videos on this topic but it’s apparently a pretty common mistake to have an account that is too large early on. It makes mistakes very painful. If you start small you can learn and as you get good then you start to get used to larger values. Don’t feel bad about it you’re doing better than 99% of 25 year olds.
You'll see a lot of unattractive women clinging to COVID for a long time after it's gone. This is like Mardi Gras for them.
Join theta gang
Don’t ask me for advice haha, I’m just recommending that you not use Revolut for stocks, because they have really low number of them.
Why is this flaired a shitpost? This is clearly a quality DD.
AMD has made me become pissed
I wish there where houses for sale in my area at any price.
You forget what sub you are in?
Makes 75billion dollars in sales in a single day, and here you are “they are selling fake shit man!!!!” That’s like 0.00001% of their total sales. Go on you dumb little shit with a inferiority complex, tell me how this company is gonna fail because it hurts your Murican feelings
You want my real advice - deposit 5k. And only use $3k to trade.  Keep the $25k as a foundation.  If you grew your account once you can do it again but it takes patience. The $25k foundation ensures your ability to be in and out of trades all day.
[removed]
I tried to join the WSB discord but couldn’t figure out how... Tis the tism.
Laughs in NIO calls
Wow really suspicious
China EV isn’t real, it can’t hurt you
Heyy.. that’s not nice to day.. anyway I’m only 24 and single.. need some dick
The risk is there but I think that this affected overvalued and meme tech that went down despite having astonishing reports.
The downtrend in those cases was due to selloffs.

JD has not been under the spotlight recently and the stock also had a correction at the beginning of the week for US and China regulations.

Look at pinterest and snapchat for example.

The only scenario in which i see a downtrend is a lower than estimate earnings report.
No it’s Patrick
[removed]
The kid falls into a hole in the ground
Sheesh, at least you learned something though brother. Stay positive and try to learn from mistakes, that’s a huge market tuition bill lol
Good.
Existing people need to stop
I’d have an eight inch dick if there were two of me
Is it 25?
Can your say “sell the news”?
[deleted]
Or what
You go first
Nah, my dad called me an assclown when I was jist a young thundercat
Oof
so what is it about solo that people actually like other than meme potential?
In 2012, Obama set an all-time record low for the number of counties won in a presidential election with 689. Biden won only 477 counties, but supposedly had 9 million more votes. Republicans didn't lose a House seat this year and picked up 12.
I saw a coworker's face for the first time without a mask. This whole COVID thing is going to give us all PTSD
I know right how the fuck did he become president of China
If you’re in Maryland I’m a realtor, I set my own commission rates so I’ll cut a homie a deal
Yeah dude. Not to be too grim but when it drops off a cliff after he dies would be the right time to pick it up.
“IQ equivalent to a school zone speed limit”

Damn. I gotta remember that one.
you're right, I realized after posting that you 'tards are way ahead of me
Looks like -7.5 was a good call lol
 Second image shows em:

XPEV 
PLUG
NIO
LI
TSLA
Lmao. Literally my same exact experience!!! Bought snd within 15 minutes would absolutely TANK. There must be some kind of secret club to be able to make money from AMZN calls... maybe just buy shares when low and then sell when high and rinse snd repeat.
In  2012, Obama set an all-time record low for the number of counties won in a presidential election with 689. Biden won only 477 counties, but supposedly had 9 million more votes. Republicans didn't lose a House seat this year and picked up 12.
I'm glad your reading comprehension is at such a low level that you are able to make baseless accusations with such confidence.
With that kind of capital buying short term is truly tarded.
Yes but then go down 50% before market open next day.
How about 51 ...
But the earnings is still on so IV can’t crush yet
Ugly old fat and poor.
In 2012, Obama set an all-time record low for the number of counties won in a presidential election with 689. Biden won only 477 counties, but supposedly had 9 million more votes. Republicans didn't lose a House seat this year and picked up 12.
[deleted]
But the weekend time decay will hurt OTM like that.
Oh brother... do you know what IV crush is?
It’s amazing how he’s so rich/powerful yet his IQ is equivalent to a school zone speed limit
They all probably have NIO calls. 

Who am I kidding, 75% of this sub has NIO calls right now.
[deleted]
Earning wednesday?
they better not touch my boy Jack Ma
If you were going to give a me a reason they were shit you could have done your research and mentioned that they have had issues with production and are having to produce they cars at JAC motors a state owned company or that a state owned company owns 24% of Nio’s holdings. I would’ve have agreeed that they could cause problems when they try to scale up past 20,000 cars a year but it is know that China wants to be a leader in the EV market and they have a large stake in the company so I actually think that bodes well for their future
King 👑
No no no....Luckin coffee came before nkla too. Big fraud big fail big time. I think that’s what OP was inferring.
If one of them is ugly yeah
Thanks for not tagging me, appreciate it
3.30 pm on Friday
Hmm, I think the more likely situation is that your posts are triggering the automoderator, or being removed by votebot.

In the first case, I'm currently looking at making part of trigger word list public so no one gets caught by it unexpectedly. The downside here is that people are just going to avoid the filter. (E.g. TSL@ vs. TSLA)

In the second case, definitely message modmail and we'll take a look. People who incorrectly vote on posts get their voting power nerfed pretty harshly.

I wish you had some links so that I could do a deeper dive, but I totally get why you would delete posts after they were removed.
It's definitely in a downtrend but it's bounced off of $20 support at least 4 times in the past 9 months. Best play is probably selling 20p once it reaches that level again. Near term chart is actually bullish so maybe some debit spreads until it drops
Vix
No one does here. My favorite ticker right now. I bought it at 18 and haven't looked back
N. I. O.
[deleted]
when did you buy it
[deleted]
I started over 30k. Trust me it’s easy to end up under 25k and is not a cheat code.
SPY QQQ and AMD puts, literally on the brink of expiring worthless after riding the endless pump for a month. 15k>1.2k>26k

Should have gone leaps... fml
Do I buy more calls with the money I get
[Yo](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6akib/)
Lol good one. Have you watched the news. Shut downs on the way and ZM is going to tendy town
[deleted]
Yep and it’s showing in the triple top
Define small?
[deleted]
I suspect virus will peak earlier and then vaccine will start rolling out. Promise to post your loss porn in March?
Thanks! And my teacher said I would never carry a calculator and amazingly it’s the same thing I’m talking to you with... I multipled $358.40 by .0015, if you wanna try it yourself!
How hilarious is it that you are in a subreddit called WallStreetBets with anti-capitalistic views? Please, my friend... Please be more hypocritical.
Why calls on DAL?
3 inches is 7.62 cm
I think xi Jin Ping doesn’t like the fact that Jack Ma is becoming too powerful. Hence trying to crack down of Alibaba and ANT. Jack Ma is solely responsible for success of millions of small businesses in China and also indirectly responsible for bringing US investments into China. I hope he doesn’t disappear like so many of China’s billionaires. Fuck CCP bastards
People in wsb actually have enough money to buy a house.
The pay? Always. I hated my previous job though. Out after 7 months and had to pay back a significant signing bonus.
You are absolutely, severely, mentally retarded, if you think *anyone* holding office in the US is even close to an actual communist.
Sí*
[deleted]
Would be cool
Should be okay
Citron is targeting weak hands and emotions both are very dangerous in the market! 90% won’t read shit in that report but follow these 2 factors, and citron wasn’t born today
My girl said 3 inches was big so idk
Not bad, timing the top or bottom is like a perfect game for pitchers in baseball. You don't go out trying to get it every game, but it's also always in the back of your mind.

I had the same experience with Amazon too, every other play this year I am up 50k total, but ive lost over 25k on just amazon. Ive bought calls on it 3 times, and almost every time it dropped $100 instantly within 15 minutes. I banned myself from playing amazon, I just ignore it's existence. Maybe if they announce a stock split I will play them again.
America is overdue a civil war.
Because your holding it 🤡
I think NIO should go up monday day before ER or just completely dump. Hoping for it to go up but AH friday was a bit concerning...
Repost
[deleted]
11/20
This is the typa shit I like to see. Hope you panic sell
y
this is WSB.  This is how it works here.
Nah this is in Winston Salem, NC. The address on the building behind it is 150 South Stratford Road
Dte?
60k Canadian. That's a pretty standard salary for his age.
[removed]
Just take Cialis, it will fix you right up. Or make sure to take magnesium.

I actually think mine is worse.... I have no trouble getting rock hard, but it's almost impossible to cum from sex. Sex is still fun, but it's definitely anticlimactic pumping away for 20 minutes knowing that you'll likely end up just jerking off into her mouth or something. On the bright side, I never worry about wearing a condom.
[deleted]
youve got a leak somewhere then if you young and using rx. true story, look into it
Let’s go draft kings?
It’s only 50% here in Narnia
Fuck I wanted in that shit stock to sell high. I might of missed my opportunity but it’s still a good play.
Hey man shedding light on this for others to see really takes some courage and anyone who just brushes this off otherwise is full of shit
I wish you the best of luck
I have $2k in calls dated for later this year, semi small position.
They also have graphs that tell them when to invest.
Lmfao
Fuck off. You let your xenophobia sponsored by Mike Pompeo cloud your investment judgement, can’t think of a bigger tool than you. Retard
ZM Fuk next week
This ain't it
gross
NIO up +200% in the middle earth pre-market
Will I still be able to get out if my nio 65c on Monday morning during the pump without getting raped by theta ?
I’m sorry, I’m not retarded. But what app is this?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why else would all of our wives have boyfriends?
Selling my condo in the city this coming March. Had it for 2 years and will be losing 50K in transaction fees. I’ll take the L because I want a yard for my dog. 

Learn from my mistake: Rent for a year in the area you want to buy in. If you like the people, the area, etc. then buy. Also, fuck HOAs. They’re not regulated so the board can charge whatever they want. My HOA 
fees are 900/mo. They were 500/mo when I bought. This shit is a scam.
Who cares kids are dumb as fuck
Ok retards....I’ve grown my account to $23k and from what I hear that magical $25k number is like a fucking cheat code unlock. 

Top 3 tips.....Go
They probably sold a chunk of it to WSB at 50 on Friday morning.
Yes
The fact that you tried to help by explaining deserves upvote!
Yes please!
Everyone has a micropenis in here
Are you playing Palantir still?
Hope so but vulture capital/private equity (too lazy to look if public or not) is often retarded enough to destroy what they buy.
I've seen the movie but what was it exactly tho
NIO calls
Please tell me you own a home already. At that age you should be using that money on real estate.
What in the fuck... Do you write fan fiction full-time? If not you should start.
No one likes that and if they do they're wrong
nio 56c
[deleted]
Y
People usually delete the posts once mods remove them. I certainly don't save DD posts in anticipation of mods removing them. But here is one example: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jj4u0a/cyberpunk_2077_release_on_nov_19_2020_cd_projekt/
This was removed so I had to repost it as discussion. Several other long worded DDs were deleted as well so I stopped posting them. Why put the effort when random ones get deleted while low quality ones pass the mod filter. It's very inconsistent. I take risks in my trading, buy why take a chance on spending time to write up a DD for the community when they randomly get deleted if a mod doesn't like it?
rude
You’ve never gotten a bagger?
Piggybacking off my last comment. So, if we look at 12/04 50c, current price of 5.25. IV is at 170.76% and vega is at 0.0425. So assuming a decrease of IV to about 85%, a decrease of 85, that would result in a decrease in premium of 3.6125.

85\*0.0425= 3.6125

5.25-3.6125= 1.6375

If my math is correct, that would make a reasonable entry point for this call option, given the trajectory we've seen with NIO lately.

Edit: The breakeven price would also go from 55.25 to 51.64, which if you follow the current trend of 4 steps forward, 1 step back, is absolutely obtainable.
Nio is temporary, tsla is forever
What calls do you think Jerome has?
Broker covers the missing shares. You get the bill. If you don't have the funds, your account should now be negative
How much did you sell the naked puts for?
Is your new job always better than the old one?
Does everyone on this sub have a small penis or is it just me?
So... NIO is gonna moon 50% on earnings isn't it?
I planned on grabbing calls Friday. If the market corrects they could really go on sale next week or two.
keep hitting refresh on my money account on webull and it’s not going back to a million
Take a physical exam you might be lacking testosterone
My bad. I’ve gone through phases where I think my dick don’t work but at least for me my problem was always overthinking and making it worse. Like if it happened once then I was way more likely to obsess over it and cause it to happen again. Also stop watching porn. You’re training your dick to only respond to those unrealistic situations and not to respond to real life. Hope your dick starts working again!
How is that complaining? It's literally just a fact
You do any cardio? Hows blood pressure?
Skew is a word SKU is an acronym for describing inventory
Kids are made of rubber and magic
It’s a hot topic over there I’ll assure you 👉🏽 r/thetagang
Fuck Russell
Your math is so good
I’m 3 1/2 years into this one. Previous record is 2 1/2.

I’m looking for the door.
There's something funny about self claimed capitalist pinning all their hopes on communist.
Hopefully gets where Logitech is. It’s gonna slow road ahead
[removed]
Buddy’s wife made him delete it haha
You still have 333 dollars left. Unfortunately, you cant buy weed and pussy with Disney Dollars.
Liar
TSLA for Life 👍💪🤘🧑‍🚀🌕🌍⭐️⚡️🚀🛰🛸
[deleted]
You seem like the kind of guy that would be asked to leave a comedy show by the comedian.
I assume Resolute understands this and since they have a large position, they don't want the price to go down so will do what they need to do to keep Woods on. Just a guess.
5 SE calls left. A couple poots in case things go kapoot. Ready for Monday.
Just had a dream NIO was up +11.68% and Citron tanked it 26.88% to a intra day low of -15.20%. My single lotto call was up 280% and i sold at the bottom for 16%.

Anyways, time to check how NIO did yesterday
[deleted]
Any women that says “is it in yet” or “is that all of it” on 4.7 inches just has a yuge vagina smh 😡
Invert market go brrrrr confirmed
Looks like you were 3/4 on all your plays. Docu had a dip, you holding through? Pypl got me 200%. So many thanks for that. I bought the pypl dip back in 200c 12/24 cause I hope it's the gift that keeps giving.

Off topic, but curious what OP thinks. I got baba 300c  for March. Too risky given all the recent variables? I figured even with xi laying down the hammer, it's still way undervalued.
Nice so you’re already up!
He already said he’s not gay though.
looool
😂😂😂
The chinese supreme buffet across the street from my work is packed again, but not as much as last week. I think covid is starting to thin the herd. Puts on the Chinese buffet across the street from my work
wow. they’re like, following u.
Agreed. What the heck is going on with that stock?
You sir are a true sadist.
Lol
wait until SPY hits 9000, a .15% move will be nearly 15 dollars
Did you have to change the sheets
Look at GRWG...citron, idiots.
So your argument is they are a shit company because they are overvalued. Which doesn’t hold  water considering they are overvalued  because all the autist  on this sub are trying to make Nio become the Chinese Tesla.  The stock my dip for a while but they are a solid company who have doubled sales over the last year and have had increased demand, plus they have an innovative battery swap program, their cars look sexy as fuck, plus the issue of pollution in China is a major detriment to the health
Never got one you just got wrote up lol
Checking in

90 c 11/20

110c 12/18
Try my luck again
Fuck that ark expense ratio not worth it if woods is gone
[deleted]
Xpev, cheaper evs which appeal to the average person (not competing with NIO or Tesla) also funded by the government and rapidly growing
Biggest winners were SPY, APT, INO, TSLA, AAPL, NIO, PLTR.

AMZN has fucked me more times than I can count. Fuck AMZN.
They only want talented tech people according to the statement they issued. They don't need homeless people like you moving there.
NET gang
Damn it I don’t know if I should straddle Wal-Mart or NIO on Monday

Edit: Exactly never mind straddle Walmart on Monday then NIO on Tuesday
Panic selling.
Not a math genius but it looks to me like you bought high and sold low which is good right?
If baba goes down any more I may declare bankruptcy. Holding leaps and shares see you in March
Lol half asleep still, didn't catch it!
The losses are gonna be so juicy to watch
I had this happened. Dr’s advice. Get a new gf.
Flair him
Worth shorting
[deleted]
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gc7z9ry)!
Gap up Monday maybe 🤔
I literally don't read my annual performance reviews. Don't care lol
Calls on schizophrenia
No. The way to play earnings isn't in the earnings report - it's in the price action before and after earnings that matters.

I can't count how many times I've held a stock through earnings - been completely right on the earnings - and then had the price move against me. Or I bought a stock - earnings were bad, and the stock rises up because the earnings weren't as bad as expected.

A few years ago when Barnes & Noble was moving off of the NYSE they had a few rallies because they released bad earnings reports, but the earnings reports were less terrible than expected.

My advice - if you're wanting to trade off of earnings, don't do it. Instead, learn about your simple indicators (Macd, 9 day SMA, 180 day SMA, RSI, volume) and then add in the earnings date into your indicators. IE: you're seeing bullish indicators and you know earnings is released in 1 month - you might be able to do a swing options trade or a swing stock trade and then dump it before earnings. This way, if you're wrong on earnings you get the gains and if you're wrong and the stock runs up, you can re-enter on your indicators and you still get most of the move.
maybe it turns them on?
[deleted]
This. Without market making we'd be parking Peterbilts in the spread.
[deleted]
Can I ask that you please stop doing this?

It's important that people are able to search past threads , and deleting comments leaves big gaps in conversations.

If your concern is privacy, you should know that all Reddit threads/comments are archived within about a minute of being posted, and are publicly available for download at pushshift.
Same thing happened to me. I drive down the street and I saw a 🥭 sign and then I was watching Fox news and saw 🥭 tv ads
Omfg this page is nothing but NIO shit you retards completely missed out on PLUG going from 14$-23$ a share last week.
Well the whole point of the analysis is that UBER is fundamentally overvalued. So this is not some sort of alpha neutral beta play. Point is exactly that overvalued stocks will go down far more when reversals happen. See ZM for instance. Now you may disagree with all this and that's where individual assessment/analysis comes into play.

I don't have magic math formula here. All I am saying is two things
1)given where the stocks are priced, if SPY is going to take a big hit, UBER is going to get a larger share of it
2) UBER with its current valuation/multiples/revenue trend, has more downside to it than upside. That is purely my opinion of course, which is the heart of this bet.
Oh wow.. you’re so close into poverty
[deleted]
downvoted for your annoying ass voting system
A .15% move on SPY is now a 54¢ move... 

Kinda crazy
Bailing out of my calls at 52 is one of my better trading decisions.
You need TRT, tell your dr and get a prescription = life changing
If only I knew then what I know now lol. Oh well at least I don't have to work around chemicals now
This is the way
Congrats and fuck you
Sorry i was making a joke WSB style, thanks for the explanation anyway!
All legs are gone.. some PP left
Would that be smart
“I used too vallet”

Yeah I think we know why they didn’t let big brains drive the supercars
WORK calls it is for you.
Why tf there no text channels on the server and only voice channels
Your catalyst is “maybe we get a rumor.” 😂😂

Trash
RIP.

I am here with you, but still rip.
Would be cool
Equity and credit. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Because when she told you mid-stroke that she had it you said, "Fuck it, might as well finish".
[deleted]
Same 🤦🏽‍♂️. If I waited till close to sell on Monday instead of open I would have made $2k more dollars on various plays. Guh.
I hear ya
[deleted]
you're bad at this
Wait for real? Where can I find the post
Youre competing with banks with those percenrages 👀👏👏👏
You're quite far off of what's actually happening.

What actually happens is more like this. You, as a retail trading moron, submit your Robinhood order. However, Robinhood doesn't actually execute your order in-house. They send your order off to a hedge fund or other institution that has agreed to make a market for the security.

Market making means little more than being a willing buyer and seller of a security. So, if there are no free market buyers, the market maker will step in and buy that security, holding it in inventory. Conversely, if there are no free market sellers of a security, the market maker will sell those securities from his inventory. By playing both sides of the market and capturing a high volume of orders, market makers are essentially able to profit from the spread.

Since processing more orders is beneficial for the market maker - it's just more spreads to arbitrage - the market maker is willing to pay brokers to route orders to them as opposed to another market maker. This is called Payment for Order Flow and it's what Robinhood do. 

Now, the reason people get so sketched out by PFOF as a business model is the fact it's pretty difficult to check if you got NBBO on your trade. Like, how do you know you're not getting gouged by the market maker? It sort of introduces this conflict of interest thing where your broker is taking money to execute orders with a specific firm rather than ensuring you the best execution as they're supposed to.

Interestingly, it was Bernie Madoff who pioneered PFOF. Maybe that should tell us something.
This is why you pretend to suck at your job. If you are too good, they'll take advantage
How did you come back all those times?
anyone else notice that the "spying" has gotten to a new level in the last year or so

\- In LA, see Pro-Active vending machine, think "that's weird", then I get home, and google is recommending me Pro-Active ads and I'm not even a pasty teenager anymore

\- Draft email to the old man with a RealVision video, but hesitate because he's usually not big on the non-traditional youtube stuff, and then this morning, he sends me an email with a link to the same video. 

These bastards are getting crafty
Same 🙈
He'll probably just gonna go mail his election ballot
[deleted]
Long story short a minority investor (Resolute) I guess had a contract where they could take a majority stake of ARK the company itself and they are exercising it.  Lot of GoT shit going on behind scenes seems like.
[deleted]
Even Asians think scooters are gay. What are you going to do when it rains, snows or is not a perfect day? What about the huge Ebike market already all over China? Enjoy losing loser
Oh agreed! It was super fuckin fun. Threw me back to playing spiderman on my ps2 back in the day, super dope.

I’m just saying from watching videos online rn, I think this new one is trying to be too flashy, at least with the effects in combat. May be wrong tho! I also feel ok waiting for a sale because I just copped AC Valhalla so I have about 70-80 hours I can sink in to that haha
Hit the gym.
so you think the 600 pro NIO posts this week didnt do enough shilling?
Do it nio is up there because of gullible inexperienced retail with herd mentality
Shaky investors will cut loose their shares the second they see a downwards trend. The reason for NIO's share price being driven down wasn't a decrease in the company's value or a decrease in its potential, but it is the borrowed shares that are meticulously being sold at an increasingly lower ask price until the borrowed shares are sold off. Had everyone believed Citron's lowered valuation of NIO yesterday, there would have been a massive sell-off from long positions and NIO's share price would have dropped down much, much lower.
All time green? Better than 90% of the accounts here lol
Love it
Finally, we found the guy selling us puts!
[deleted]
I'm gonna put something in your hood
I should get 10k every time I see the word SPY
I saw a shit ton of open interest in 330p and 320p for next Friday so I’m also planning to get in 

Hopefully the market does something by then 😴
You may be surprised. Less risk is always better. I don't know your situation. Because it would be your primary residence, and if your credit score is over 580, you could do a FHA loan. 3.5 % down payment. That's not much for a down payment. Just depends on where you live and your situation.

My cousin did it when he was 22 and he was working at a factory making about $15 an hour. It can be done.
[removed]
[deleted]
Sooo whats your performance YTD?
Thanks again to the only bear worth a shit! 

Also, NVDA to 700.
Stay on this sub for 3 weeks. Congrats
Interesting, I stand corrected.

Looks like I need to update my definition of big data, lol.

Thanks for the read.
What?
[deleted]
I mean if you wanna see the n word spammed by dudes with pepe the frog avis then it’s the place to be.
Positions
Just woke up from a dream NIO opened at 56 pre market on Monday
[removed]
Nah I got fired from a job where I was there for a long time. They just pile more shit on your to do list for the same pay
their price target is full of shit. if they believed that $25 target why didn’t they buy nio at two dollar in march?
This. I'll be seriously considering bailing out of my ARK calls if she isn't there.
You and everyone else.  Resolute would be left holding the ARK name only and their dick in their hands.
Are we still expecting the #ShortSqueeze for GME? Seems like everyone is silent on GME these days..
you cant slide it in while limp lmfao, are you a virgin?
Someone in r/stockmarket is new to trading and asked for advice, I told him to start by joining this community and thanking me later - this should take my baba calls to the 🚀 🌝 on karma alone
He's probably just bitter because he's literally paying his ex wife $37k a month for their "kids" meanwhile she's getting fucked by early Tesla investor Alan Salzman, aka an old ass saggy balled billionaire.

She's literally sleeping with his enemy because he's also a venture capitalist therefore, competition. 

It's beautiful.
They are Citron
if this isn’t the gospel I don’t know what is 😂
Dude the last spiderman for ps4 was one of the most fun games I played in awhile.
I thought this was a free country
>Live there for a year or two, refinance, buy another 2 or 3 unit (with the equity you gained) and rent out the original spot you were living in. With 10 years you could easily have 3 multi-units.👍💰

The world does truly run on credit huh
One simple trick MMs don't want you to know!
Same job for 10 years means you can't get fired. You can slack off the whole time
May 45c 50c lets fucking go donkey kang bring me back to tendie land
[deleted]
Options are almost always a lose lose over the long term. Sure you might make a few good plays every once in awhile but most people get gamblers fallacy and lose the money that they made. Stick with shares. Sure you might not have massive days but you will get more consistent results over the long term
you're in a bad place mentally. money or material things won't fix it. you gotta work on you to get past that kinda shit. start working out. it helps you mentally just as much as it does physically
You shouldn't be allowed into our society.
If she leaves I would probably sell my shares
Hey when is nio earnings?
You sure?
House is by far the best investment I’ve made in my life. Good luck
Cant fall below 37.. right? RIGHT?
Get a job and stop complaining about people’s money
“I call it the leaky firehose”
Nice you must have really wanted all that stock!!!
Something is wrong with Apple, just like with Tesla.:(
[removed]
A mod yesterday stated that any DD posts will be auto stickied.
God I cant wait for it either. Not even worth checking this sub lately when every post is about chyna next Tesla brrrrr
This is a 100% job for modern pharmaceuticals. Honestly just knowing you have one in your pocket as an insurance policy might be enough to break the anxiety cycle. Might not even be about taking it, just knowing you could take it if you need to.
Hello, I’m new-poor and I’m still adjusting
💎🙌
How to have a stroke every 10 minutes
No one talking about CRSR?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/user7890123456789 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Upvote: NIO below 37 this week


Downvote NIO above 37 this week
Almost as stressful as staying at the same job for 10 years
I mean it’s not like they could forecast the pandemic but still
Seriously though if you're getting antsy about your China stonk holdings, watch the doc American factory on Netflix. It'll activate your diamond hands
[deleted]
They did the same with WEED back in the day
disclaimer, can still go tits-up.
they bought in heavy at 286 a couple days ago. dont remember seeing then selling
My bad calls got smoked and my good ones got their stoplosses hit before mooning on Friday. so all i have left are the puts i had as hedge . guess im a desperate bear next week - Spy 345p , QQQ 285,p BA 170p $$
PLTR to the moon Monday?
Yeah paid off all my debt now and have 12 months of savings in a savings account. Turning half my investing account into dividend LT stonks and other half I will DT safer options and stocks. May be time for me to graduate from WSB.
I think you should take all of the money you have and put it all into PLTR
Do you actually have ED or do you jerk off so much your dick can’t stay hard when you have actual sex?


Edit: oh dude if you’re just nervous af that’ll do it. Probably don’t have ED. 

Do you get morning wood? Probably not ED if you do.
I’ve been through that. It’s just you being too in your own head bro it’s certainly not ED.
https://i.imgur.com/xAjVwpl.jpg

How my first year has gone so far, started with 4K, highest (including E*TRADE) was $140k. Now at $80k lol. 

Not bad.
Should’ve held a little longer for some and sold a little sooner for a few.
SEC should ban low volume flat days. Puts or calls would pay any way.
well that just happens as you get older. just gotta be stiff enough to get in lol
That’s why you do a debit spread
Link to removed DDs?
Lol pushing rope
Wonder what the 31% is comprised of.
then it just means you're putting the pussy on a pedestal. stop thinking about it. if your dick worked with your ex then it's clearly a mental block.
Another fact:  Arkansas is a helluva lot nicer than Oklahoma.  Things I40 teaches you.
Send me some money retard
Is draft king going up or down next week ;p
Do you make this for a living?
Haha what got you 2000% gains?
24 to 36 month holding period? Yeah, you should see my KMI position, I married that bitch.
[https://twitter.com/barronsonline/status/1327582735402196992](https://twitter.com/barronsonline/status/1327582735402196992)

there it is

short rus2k

all in AMZN AAPL MSFT calls
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stop jerking it for a month and it will be back to normal
How so?
[deleted]
Just take a look at their twitter. Everyone is bashing them. NIO has crazy high volume strength. The run up should continue.
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0000886158&type=&dateb=&owner=include&count=40&search_text=
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why is this garbage stickied? Blatant pump n dump, mods don't even care about pretending anymore
Yes, its a lot of Money! I would do It, i mean buying and renting. I'm also 26 years old, looking for a house currently. But i don't make so much money in a year. I Will try my luck with the market🧐
If they want to defraud us, they are going to post numbers so good on earnings that the stock has to go up.  Its actually a pretty good argument to stay in lol.  Its pretty common for chinese companies to fix their books
how fresh is the short interest data?
Cool beans
>Why is it a value stock? AMCX has a market cap of a billion dollars. AMCX also has cash reserves of... a billion dollars. It has a PE ratio of 10 and a PS ratio of 0.5. In their most recent earnings, they beat. AMCX is a profitable company! 

Pretty sure value stocks also put in consideration of debt and AMCX has 4.3 billion of which 3 billion is long term.
420ELON69
[deleted]
I do agree with this analysis which is why I dumped 40K into NIO at EOD.... either I’m gonna be broke or upgrading from dumpster to a few nights in a motel with my wife and her boyfriend
How the heck do some people change jobs every year? That's sounds stressful
What I did was ummm ummm ummm ummm “painful thoughts” brain cannot retrieve info brain can not retrieve info brain can not retrieve info
I missed the sign in 2009. 😭
I don’t want to put in the effort to make the meme I want to about NIO on the off chance if smashes earnings and rallies, but it’s the scene from the Matrix where he comes back to life after getting shot by Agent “Citron” Smith
Shorts discover the out right scam companies though before they get so big they take down the economy.
[deleted]
Chin up man, you're 25yrs old, you have two lifetimes ahead of you still.
[deleted]
I wish 🤧
Still waiting for the big GME short squeeze
I do, occasionally. I don't sell every time, however.
Me trying to buy a 300k house 😞

Pj traders buying 1000 shares of spyder ETF every 22 seconds 😎
What I don't understand is if everyone knows citron shorts companies, how come everyone listens to them and sells their shares?
Its Canadian, dude and its been a see-saw between 6.3 and 4.8 for the past god knows how many months... It is the stock where volatility goes to die.
[deleted]
Who would buy a call with that high of a break even price
[deleted]
No pun intended but markets are immune to new vaccine news. We're getting one question is how fast and the most optimistic projection is spring time frame for the masses. Now, if someone says the can provide that faster then that might pump but logistics are logistics. Shit will only happen so fast.
It’s because of stress i went through a phase like this, at one point i couldn’t get hard even If i had a girl grind on my dick.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Move, throw $10k in NIO $5p leap, take tendies to beach house in Cali. Literally can’t go tits up
Cant even sell my games to locals because everyone is a fucking cheapskate smh

Ah yes this new game, Ill give you 2.30$ and this chewed gum from my dogs asshole.
[deleted]
I hope your name is inspired by iron man 2.
[deleted]
I never said the word easy. Less risk for sure. Depending on where he lives, $60,000 is plenty.
Nice gains and way to take some money off the table!
Wouldn't a blue senate be really bad for the market?
Yes I guarantee it
Go long long though.
Thanks for this!
Man for reals I hope Cathie doesn't leave ARK.  Owning just QQQ is boring.
Can you drop a brother a link? Can’t find it.
So that discord is a clusterfuck lie :D it's nothing but the verification channel 🌚
Fun fact: Bentonville is bougie af because of all the WMT money
wait til those people feel the IV crush of buying options with 200% IV
[deleted]
In Ikea. This like tall *af* blonde Scandinavian looking babe. 

It was like she had a fuckin beach ball in her pants. Absolutely the nicest ass I have ever seen in my entire life.
u think too much. it’s simple
1. bad news 
2. stonk go down 
3. ppl forget about bad news
4. stonk go back up
Katya Henry on IG
its a sign AMZN all the way
its a backpack
Not all in this time, but I did got hard
Yeah it's fucked up. Hating CCP and hating Chinese economy propped by normal citizens are completely different though. It's also not in our hands. Not making tendies here would be simply missing out without much consequence imo. I'll even argue that the best thing would be to make money and then donate it to pro democracy or anti CCP forces there
SEC should ban puts and shorting and allow 10x levered funds
Congrats man and way to withdraw some gains!
Bro u don’t have ED ur just a nervous virgin. We’ve all been there
viagra bro

ez
Physiological or psychological?
Yeah for sure. Kind words and deeds are needed in this time. Good luck for everything. :)
Bears always see doom and gloom.  It is still going up.

Tech will slow down and everything else will recover which will push the whole market up.
i guess the first step would be to stop masturbating
Yup
Everyone knows the weekend dow is the forerunner of the world economy. Practically the only indicator with meaning
So Arkansas will pay you $10k to move there.  When is a good time to tell the family to pack their shit up I got some tendies to make?
we're always conscious of how others see us, even our therapist. we dont want to be judged, here you're anonymous and not judged on any case since everyone has problems.. im realizing it too. fml
Somewhere some tard just put an order for ARKK in his Roth for Monday.
Inverse it. Buy the peaks.
I agree. It was a shit show and created a ton of stress but allowed me to buy the shit out of that dip. My long term and options portfolios thank citron 😂
Bro you can still cum while flat, just slide it in limp and keep pumping
Plot twist : Citron is balls deep in Nio and wants to fuel the fun by facilitating a short squeeze
Your friend is straight up scum
Why does this thread sound like people are reacting to imaginary futures?
Absolutely not.
Have you tried medication bro? Even over the counter stuff works pretty well while avoiding doctor visit
[deleted]
It’s hard to focus on hulk cocks when there are literal cocks on the same screen.
Not so Easy lol... Well the guy makes 60K/year so its possible
i just upvoted...its now 69

&#x200B;

clearly a sign

&#x200B;

im in u bastard

&#x200B;

C BABA 1/15 $300
Earnings moves have fluctuated a ton this year as everyone tries to guess what everyone else is doing based on the company's last earnings and other companies that had earnings calls recently.
Hertz
Wow ty!
Instructions unclear, went all in on PLTR
I'm bullish asl on this stock and I would be happy to buy more shares and if I don't want to hold the certain amount of shares I get assigned ill sell covered calls to get rid of them or just make premium
good try. also i only have 4 coins. i only get coins when people give me gold or i win bets at r/Predictor
You don’t have a nice ass
Announcement this Sunday on production
This is true.  However in China you are looked upon as smart if you can get away with committing fraud on someone.  Also if that someone is a foreigner there will be zero consequences for your actions.  If the foreigner protests he's likely to get his ass arrested or deported.  The government will look the other way and basically encourage and support Chinese nationals taking advantage of foreigners.

It's a systemic issue not just a few fraudulent companies. You can't even take a taxi in Beijing or buy consumer goods without them trying to jack the prices way up on you.  It's rip offs all the way down.
[deleted]
Happy Cake Day!
[deleted]
Literally spend 24 hours reading this sub and you will know immediately which stonks are under people’s radars. The sheer number of FSR posts should indicate that people have looked into it. Shit Im balls deep in leaps
Well what's the calculated alpha produced? I'm on the fence that the alpha for highly correlated stocks was really that great. I'm not certain what they mean by beating the market but the entire thing rose ridiculously for everyone in every way.
The markets closed pizza boy
If nio opens at 44. That theta would wipe out people who bought the dip
A 1 cent scalp on trades is not at all why "90% end up losing"  
  
HFT based arbitrage has been nothing but a boon to retail investors because maximally efficient arbitrage *actually improves liquidity and fills*  
  
Blaming HFT and Algos and MMs is exactly the kind of retarded nonsense that the "Astrology for Men" crowd wants to hear
They're not the radical left. They'll probably just pick up trash and pick up after themselves.
You know corona is bad when amazon reminds me to give delivery drivers 6 feet of distance in a push notification
[removed]
hoping for some proud boy violence today
Lmao bears saying blood red weekend Dow even tho it’s .18%
???

Brk.b = 227.80 x 400 = 91,120

Brk.a = 341,754.00 x 1 = 341,754.00

Which would you pick then?
Nobody wants to hear that plants don't crave brawndo
Oof in the same boat, as long as you have a job you can makes it back, don’t buy options that are over here 1k for awhile
I’ll admit it, I followed u/deepfuckingvalue down the GME assrape simulator. I think I miss calculated this
And this gentlemen and lady, is why the block feature exists
Looking forward to buying some more BABA calls on monday
Haha cool man. I will. I wasn't complaining I was just trying to educate you on the reality of the student loan situation people face. You were the one complaining about a hypothetical scenario that would help people. Did you not know the reality? Seems to me you were doing what every person over the age of 45 expresses. A deep lack of knowledge around a topic and using their own outdated life experiences and then applying them to an evolved topic. WHILE trying to make themselves feel better and look down on other people. It shows a lack of empathy which is also a characteristic of low self esteem.
Am I alive?
Yes what did you do so I can make sure I don't.
No production till 2022?
[deleted]
Sold them a long time ago and they became part of his cost basis or it is sitting as cash.  $250k of cash in the account.
If they’re dated for 2030 you should be Gucci
This 'buy the dip' market does not jive well with puts
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i think easily hits $30 before lockup in feb, could see as high as $50 if it really memes
Nah I bought a put.. had 36 shares to begin with so now I’m short 64 shares
Lol so true
This.... this is why I am so confident in my positions.
Fucking roundeyes
[deleted]
This.... this is why I am so confident in my positions.
Drink loads of water. Try slow breathing. It'll subside
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol
You see any dips coming soon?
Yessir, so I guess I’ll just set a buy back at 45 and try to benefit from the trade
Cause it’s too flat
[deleted]
Seriously.. those Solo cars remind me of toy cars 🤣
But citron is a gay bear
\#boomerflex
AAPL is always crap
Tesla needs GM EVs to succeed so Tesla owners can feel superior.
Does that make a wrong any less so? We are in the process of decoupling and you're actually trying to justify investing in a borderline totalitarian government that oppresses and destroys those who go against it. Please move there so you can experience the real darkness of an authoritarian regime.
Yea they are
Picked up some r scim dailies GL.
[deleted]
I pulled out of GME because of this.

Lockdown news would absolutely hammer it.
[deleted]
Are you new to trading?
looks like shit might hit the fan in DC today. They're going to do something stupid aren't they.
One of discord mods is a local state rep and another is a tax lawyer. Also met a guy who co-owns a multimillion dollar pistachio farm. But yeah 99% it’s worse than this subreddit.
ARKK
Bro i told them 1 shot fuck
[deleted]
[deleted]
Me right here
I would wait for it to stabilize before selling options, but depends how risk tolerant you are. 

I’ve been slowly buying shares, now at 600 shares at a $14.3 price average
My palms are sweaty
[deleted]
Nah, no growers are buying their products from Miracle gro
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My Calc III teacher (was a grad student) ... Sophia if you’re reading this, I miss you
It’s that shitty?
MU
What ab puts on Lyft, bc they are worse than Uber. And if you think ab it everyone says take and Uber, I never hear anyone say take a Lyft
Bold
Have a friend with copy of a pornhub check on the wall in his bed room for $400 bucks.

He took the vid down after his gf found he posted it tho.
I’m intrigued...
🤣
I hope for both our sakes this works out. I’m aimed for 350. Wbu?
So are my apple calls fuckd or nah
Shh don't let it be known
speak for yourself. im all in lazboy
Already priced in. They have been balls deep in cannabis for years.
[deleted]
My leaps are already up 150% fisker 🚀 🌚
Only down in q4 2018 and q1 2020. Everything else has been pretty high especially q3/q4 2019. Q3 2020 tba 11/23.

Fuck it I might be in for this Monday am
> Let's take a look at comparables to NIO, the closest one being Tesla. 

NIO is closer to XPENG than TSLA. The infrastructure of these companies are nothing alike.
[deleted]
Yo. Why d fuck is nio 70c weeklies a thing. It was actually worth $2 per contract
Spy 370
My sell button keep getting jammed for some reason so I recently contacted rh support and they finally updated it for me. They promise me the glitch was gone.
yea,, remember my first option and seeing 30% gain in seconds and was like woah.. now its just losing thousands hoping for a big win
[deleted]
He only said “gains will get you into heaven my son” and then a prayer that ended with AMenD
Doesn’t this have to do with HFT? I don’t give a fuck if an algo makes the spread while I’m trying to go for 50% or more
Definitely agree with that :)
Lol just lol if you think Chinese investors care about a few paragraphs talking shit about their golden child, written by a roundeye...They're going to revenge pump it so hard 💪
I know. Now it’s on the market as ticker FSR. They talk about NIO or Tesla now a days, so I don’t know if it was under any radars or something
This week if tech is green baba 280+
[deleted]
Just roll them out to a lower strike and longer dated
BABA isn't fking going no where. They will go back up eventually

Edit: I live in ccp land
[deleted]
3k+ for any reaction.
I'd have to agree with this. People are overjoyed at the prospect of vaccine but it will only come in 2021 and with 90% efficacy covid might remain a problem.

Not so much anymore, ofc.

Nonetheless, economic damage will remain. I mean, come on.
The amount of money they made so much people lose is saddening. We all know NIO was gonna climb to at least 56-61 EOD....
look at that guy payin taxes :)
I love how a month ago nip was around 25 dollars, it's still up 15ish a share. Idk why it not being 56 dollars anymore is a reason to jump ship.
WtF
With buying options?  Of course you don't want them to blow up.  But the wheel involves selling options.  The ideal setup for an options seller is that their sold calls/puts always expire worthless, that way they get free premium.
wishing u the best man, tbh if I was u I would save like 1k a paycheck and put it into LONGGGGF DATED CALLS like bro get 2022/23 AC u can get like 18 strike for so cheap and ur gonna print hard af once things go back to normal. U never have to check it for a year until things go back to normal. Wishing u the best fellow Canadian
Exactly. The long term outlook should definitely feel bearish. There is still so much fallout yet to happen from this pandemic. The Fed already said they are pretty much dead in the water without some form of stimulus and McConnell still won’t get a larger bill going. Also we’re going into Retails biggest Quarter with the holidays, with no stimmy and 21.5 million still on unemployment. I’m short XRT personally.
Literally can't go tits up.  Be sure to post pics how it goes lol.
[deleted]
A neutron walks into a bar and says how much for a drink?  Bartender says for you no charge.
[deleted]
ill sell you some, lmk know it goes
Better hope they smash earnings, otherwise see ya at 25.
[deleted]
Just so you know.. even if you’re poor.. if you still have an ass****.. can always sell yourself
BBBY
Came close to blowing up account in Feb, before 2000% gain. Trending down that same path today
Clearly alot of people are willing...otherwise they wouldnt be doing it. They saw a play and made it.
Chinese government gives $4k credit to buyers of EV’s under $42k unless they have a swappable battery which NIO does have and they can still get the credit. Gives it an edge over Tesla in that case.
[deleted]
Y’all ready for the fattest rug pull on Monday 

SPy 330 incoming
Bro an its scary because i get hyper focused and my brain doesnt stop coming up with ideas my dream are even more vivid.
O
what are they
Oh I didn’t know there were qualifications in this subreddit
Floe Biden's pressers are going to be so bearish. Totally different dynamic coming from the WH in February
I
G
I think the sentiments are shifting now. I am living in a fairly wealthy neighborhood in Shanghai( average house price 2 million USD, I know it is nothing for 🌈 Californians but 2 mil is 2 mil) I have seen more than couple NIOs driving around. Note that NIO is priced comparable to some entry luxury cars like bmw 3/5 series. So I’d say it is definitely changing nowadays. You see a lot of rich and super rich folks using HUAWEI just because their friends are using it.
PCG
Did he ask what you bought?
doubt it
Question: Could SMG (Scotts Miracle-Gro) take off if recreational weed is legalized nationwide? They sell a bunch of garden supplies/hydroponics/n shit. I’m  not sure if it would have any real impact but just a thought.
It’s in a separate post
My good sir I'm no genius, but I think you have a gambling problem
I too would like to go back to a time I wasn’t negative 40%
It depends on the stock!  Ideally, I'd want to do this on stocks that are likely to go up slowly or things I know are undervalued.  Not the best example as it is volatile, but I'm running this on gamestop right now.  I know the stock will be worth 2-3x within the next year, so I can sell puts right now and be safe with the assumption that any shares I'm assigned will make me profit in the long run.  The downside is that as soon as it starts moving again, all my CCs will get assigned for sure.  However, with the IV being 130% its still a pretty massive return, I just have to have a separate long position for when it starts rising again
In 6 months TSLA will own literally the entire world. I expect their MKT cap to be over 400TN
We’ve been talking about it when the Spac came out in 2018.
I bought NIU about a month ago. Based on what I've found about them, they have a really good and affordable scooter.
Hey, you didnt lose any money that automatically makes you better than 90% on here :).
This is why I come to reddit
Joke’s on you they can’t steal what I lost!
DD: Apparently there are these contracts you can purchase called *call options*. You pay a premium for the right to buy 100 shares of a stock at a certain strike price and date in the future.  [Link here](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/calloption.asp)

Now, you never have to actually exercise the option, just wait for it to go up and sell the contracts and keep the free money you get in return. Honestly don't see how this can fail
Tesla is proced in for the next 10 years, but that won’t stop it from being pumped to the moon
840c ‘23
what blue chip should I use for 100% of my Roth, swppx and voo are too boring
It's good that you learned your lesson at such young age. Now get back to VFV
I bet this fucker sells puts.

TCEHY 95c 1/15/2020
So then, say I were to wait until after earnings. We see a couple possible outcomes-

bullish trend continues: stock price continues surging, thus offsetting loss from IV crush but limiting or eliminating profits for anyone holding short-dated calls.

stock goes flat: short-dated calls result in a loss from IV crush and lack of upward price movement.

stock goes down: IV crush wipes out all call holders, premiums tank. If this were to happen, and if I were bullish on NIO for the next few months, would it be a play for me to buy calls dated 2-3 weeks out? Or would the only reasonable solution here be to buy calls exp. late January (NIO day)?

Edit: I'm largely bouncing these ideas around because I have an okay sense of the greeks but haven't been deeply involved enough to have watched these situations closely.
You must be rich rich
I however am degenerate who does. They went from about $10 a share in march to $32 as of close yesterday. There's no long options for me past June of 2021 on E-Trade, but they run for about 900 each call contract for your next strike price that's not itm $35

Who wants to give me a loan?
🅱️eekend 🅱️ow GUH
[removed]
Thursday high on life, Friday $rope
This is the way
Will NIO go back to 50 next week? Asking for a friend
I'm not comfortable where this is going.
Things usually get in a groove. Ill ride something up after it dips at like 10-10:30  ill be out an hour later. Cash out and stop following that stock so you don't feel like you missed out.
 Compare what you've gained to what you make in a day at your job. You're not a professional.  Take your gains and soon they stack up. Then you have more cash to push around while being smart
You think they will try to dilute shares and announce it in the earnings call?
I get similarly feverish with strong coffee.

It's about tolerance. 

Better to stay low though. At some point you'll start getting shivers too
It just went public lol
After losing 20k in puts from the infamous April run, I'm beginning to slowly climb back from theta plays
Finally back from church I confessed all my loses to my priest
It tells me you can’t read
I think 330 is going to be resistance for Tesla. I’m waiting for a covid panic sell off to yolo on leaps.
Some of us like multiple revenue streams.
LITERALLY ME. went up 10k over 2 years. In the last year down 4. And now I’m 200 dollars positive and I’m VIBING hahah
I still see a huge pump all day Monday and Tuesday morning
Da fuq is wrong wit chu? You just awake from a 20 year slumber?
Probably not but you either need to diamonds hand or average down the post earnings dip, but if earnings are a bummer, you r fuk.
What do you think it’ll do Monday?
These last few weeks has felt like MM just look into my portfolio and drive the market opposite of my plays.  At this point i should just post all my positions so you guys can inverse
At what point are you guys longing AliBaba. I have a couple calls that expire 11/27, but if BABA dips below 250 I might buy Jan 2022 calls
No one cares about your .01% ownership of XYZ. SOR is not worried about you. Paranoid investing is literally what causes monetary loss.
I use 1m but I tend to get distracted by the gay porn in the other tabs
I'm pretty sure they're both gonna crash together. If not, LI will crash harder.
You are young (I'm not). Start house hacking. Major money maker. WAY less risk.

Buy a duplex, 2 unit, etc. Live on one side, rent the other side. The other tenant(s) pay the majority if not all of your mortgage, utilities, etc. 

Live there for a year or two, refinance, buy another 2 or 3 unit (with the equity you gained) and rent out the original spot you were living in. With 10 years you could easily have 3 multi-units.👍💰

It's called the BRRRR method. I'm sure many of you have heard of it. 

Keep your head up.
ysah wondering if I should get puts with my final 200
[deleted]
If you give me an award I'll put 1000$ on whatever stock you want. I'll rather do that then be behind the wendy's busting my ass everyday behind the dumpster.
That captcha bot is terrible
Also don’t forget the short seller restriction for Monday and Tuesday due to 10% drop of nio from Thursday’s closing share price. This should go back up to at least $49 on Monday.
[deleted]
You are fuk. Never trust a Chinaman.
I had a dream nio went down to 8$ next week... good luck fellow retards
[deleted]
Ugly fat and poor
-11% ??? Try -60% still got 💎🖐 though
Shit
Cool story bro
Do you think I can score DD flair if I go copy and paste that DD SA article from January on PREIT saying how it was a must buy?  Rida of course lol.
Its been over 6$ 3 times in as many months and then dipped to 4.5-5.X, its a cocktease this one. I'm trying to get rid of mine through 6$ CCs so you might be the lucky recipient!
The poorest man is he who does not share
I need a job where people accidentally throw 60lb bags of coke at me.
These bear awards are the dumbest
Lol i think you’re probably right, but like every other meme stock, it will make many rich, but even more will be poor. 

PFE calls
ICLN calls
PLTR calls
SLV leaps
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sell covered calls afterwards to get rid of the other 100 shares
I've been bagholding for quite some time. Really don't want to roll into later dates but I have a feeling thats whats going to happen. 

At this point I'm going to just roll into LEAPS since this is the slowest moving ticker on the fucking planet
Nah, bullish divergence in the hourly, just a matter of time till we see it in the daily.
Could LI pop up this week, if NIO does of course?
Both Li and X soared during the hype of their released earnings a day before. I see the same happening. Once I get profits on Monday, I’m bouncing. Tuesday I feel like another citron could happen
O
Definitely hedge or cash gang. Sound like a broken record if you check my comment history hahaha but The open interest on 12/18 and 12/24 HYG puts tells a huge story. Also this is probably what Ole Slick Willy Ackman bought that hedge bet again for
I
I
Yeah he should of been more polite about it. But as you pointed out, a stranger fixing his grammar may have been a blessing in the skies that he wasnt expecting. On the other hand, maybe OP could care less about what strangers say, pacifically in situations like these, when hes talking tuff on the innanet.
Ew hahah
N
Probably not
Lmao imagine thinking that Tesla has a good valuation
When they announce stock offering and back down to $30-$40.  BUY THE DIP BOYS!
Positions
"In Forman's basement!"
Look again
That’s the worst kind of poor, sorry buddy
Yea that's crazy it lasts like 20 mins for me
Well apparently someone got  reddit coins as their performance bonus last week..
I hope
Cool man then enjoy the loans you knowingly took out and accepted and keep complaining about them.
That’s exactly how I feel bro!! Im going to stick with coffee
Leaps not weeklies my dude. It might go off this week or it might the next. Leaps cover both weeklies dont
Fuck 🌈🐻’s
Losing house money is just one step closer to loss porn stardom
So if it should be that low, posts your puts.
Haha yeah what a month it’s been for me.
[deleted]
Why do I have to be a poor?  Not only a poor but an ugly poor 😖
the entire stock market is a bubble of sorts.....but dont tell anyone
Damn
[removed]
Whatever floats your boat
I'm not sure if it's ready to meme yet, but there's a lot of potential.
[deleted]
Selling covered calls? You don't need to own shares to sell puts. Unless you want to potentially own 200 if you get assigned.
LOL, holding a $320 11/20p lotto.  Hoping we go back to the bottom of this wedge this week.

Also holding ATM puts on DKNG and BBY.
Analysis is part of "big data", it's more than harvesting of the data.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_data

>Big data is a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data-processing application software.

You are a goddam moron
PLTR 12/18 25c
How long does it usually take for new consoles to be easily available? I’m not about to wait in line or spend extra money online.
Yeah.... yeah, why not. Fuck it, SOLO position on Monday.
Cry me a fucking river buddy. 

Sack up, throw some more money at it, don’t make the same mistakes again. It’s a problem until you stop. 

Eh
N
Kodak 40c eow
Could it be a safety hedge for a short position and they just keep rolling it down?
My jizz just shot up in my mouth
I’ll suck your dick and let you fuck my ear
Happy you posted. For everyone wondering NIU already has a flagship store in LA.
NIO to $60 Tuesday due to earnings.
Hope your right, fuck those bears
Oohh sorry.. ZM $10 Monday
Monday will be green, more vaccine news on the way!
Definitely fake
Positions
Yeah, the 3 seashells. I knew there was a reason I spent treefidy to see that movie when it came out.
[removed]
Hundred bucks you haven’t lost yet left in your account, what’s your final play to turn everything around??


&nbsp;


Definitely asking for myself
Its like 10000's of dollars and I'm not sure they sell it to retail investors.
[deleted]
no, i only give awards to comments that make me smile/laugh
Bought baba leap 260c for 4K. Am I fuk?
But is it the right one .... nio is so versatile and trades with such extreme volume there’s so much money to be made
I have cash sitting by ready to buy the dip. I need to go long in 2 smaller side accounts
[deleted]
Wrong
“Entrepreneurs”
Yup, green AF Monday then Turnaround Tuesday gonna put perma bulls in shambles.
You missing a 0
I can totally see them just going to each other's houses and socializing like there's no virus going around at all. I live in NYC and I've seen some of that type in my neighborhood. I can imagine a whole state acting like that.
North Dakota is an island.. now gimme award
Just making sure we didn't all die off. 
I'm spy 11/16 $364p
Can confirm, missed earnings Q1 2020. NIO's profits are 4x higher than this stock this year.
3 investments make my dick rock hard at the moment for their long term growth and that’s b1tc9in, unity and Palantir.

Not sure what you’re reading where I’m anything other than bullish. I have shares and calls.

Again, not my fault you haven’t the slightest clue as in what they do.

“Big data” lol
Well phones have always been highly utilitarian since the Nokia, hell even landline, days. Cars < 20k are about utility. Anything beyond is about living a certain lifestyle
If I get an award, I’d probably cum in my pants. 

Anyways; GET THOSE NIO GAINS TO FUCK A MARGOT ROBBIE LOOK ALIKE.
This is the way
Lose all your money, you Chinese muppet.
I don't do options 💰
[removed]
Suck cock?
You are so 2000 and late
thats always been the bet. if NIO closes red 11/18 im perma banned
North Dakota only exists because there was land between Minnesota and Montana that nobody wanted to claim.
Lmfao
[deleted]
We slap car roof yes
Yup, my new job is to find a job and I work from home anyways, not all that different really as far as they know.

Thanks for the kind words also. A lot of people are worse of than I am with the lockdowns and we need stimulus badly.
My boss told me to bring my computer home over the weekend. I think they all know a shut down is coming
This is everyone’s move
Adderall is like being hyper and wanting to smoke cigarettes and talk for 4-6 hours
WEEKEND DOW BLOOD RED
Here you go.. some dongus
Amazes me that in a sub with so many of you pissing away thousands on hertz and Kodak you cry about some entrepreneurs flipping ps5s for measly $500 profits
[deleted]
J Pow?
Many but notable ones over the past couple of weeks has been SPY Puts before election, ZM Puts from $540 downwards up bigly on monday vaccine news.
Here. Ready to continue losing profits from Thursday, just like on Friday.

(Panic attack)
Bro u can always work at Grindr doing side cheek spread gigs
🌈🐻 here, what’s going on?
You think only White people are white supremacists? 😂
I'm not gonna trade on it. Just to free up cash at the time to reinvest in the future and in turns offsetting the gains with this year's losses
It's you!
Didn't you see Demolition Man? That shit is going to be everywhere in the future.
This year I’ve found it surges rarely and hangs way more. Tailwinds for cannabis this month could carry it. Hard to say, especially with that merger.
250k risk 0dte is absolutely fucking insane. Like, you have to be fucking retarded
Dont say shit. Honestly ignore her and go find some other pussy and if it works out with her it works out. Don't put your eggs in one basket
We're here to escape wage slavery, not retire in our late 60s. 

This is actually the reason many people give for playing the lotto. Saving $5 a week won't change their life, no matter how long they do that. But hitting the powerball will.
There's a reason you don't hear about North Dakota ever. It's a f****** awful place to live outside of the Year 1845.
People thinking investing in NIO as being unamerican will have a day of reckoning when they realise how much SNP 500 is held up by Chinese manufacturing backbone
SO I HEARD PLTR IS NEW NIO U RETARDS JUST JUMP IN TO SEE SOME GREEN🧞‍♀️
70/30 C/P Spread.
user name sounds like your family owns a car dealership
You're using schwab aren't you? You belong in r/investing
I want side bets on reddit flipping the script and there being a huge short squeeze
Hey that’s my home state, nothing wrong with ND... go Bison!!
“What a long strange trip it’s been” 
-The Grateful Dead
what does it tell you that I’m able to express my feelings easier here than with my therapist
No I'm not gonna trade on it but could minimize the tax liability to offset the gains with this year's losses
[deleted]
I like how even on Tuesday night there's virtually no other earnings. Like we were all destined to focus on the spectacle of NIO
i know who the bear award guy is and im not saying
They don't call it a meme market for nothing. They could announce some new stylish product and expand. Go long, baby!
[removed]
r/antstreetbets
False
Where the bears at?
Positions ?
Now I remember why I dont look at wsb on the weekends
I see the day you became an autist.
[deleted]
Man what kind of work do you have? That’s fucking embarrassing lol
Just got a collateral account wipe
We never expected phone brands to become as concentrated as they have either though so you never know.

Although I'd agree with you that EV valuations are ridiculous.
So many gay bear awards. What does it mean?

Also thank you for my previous one!
Market is going to rip till year end, the senate will turn blue. The hedge funds will take their profits, the capital gains tax won’t be retroactive so they get to keep their gains at the old rate it’s a win win. Fuck what happens to the market afterwards the rich got richer and now retail will baghold like always. What’s obvious is obvious. 


Look at Monday’s open 4.6% open? Sold off instantly, while brokerages all went down? Hell even Friday pumped on zero volume and not a smidge of good news. Forward looking market my nuts. SPY opens above 365 on Monday, because moderna going to say their vaccine is just as effective. Like it matters whether we have one or 2 vaccines right?
Is your dad your boss? If not why the fuck are you doing that for him on a Saturday
Still think nio will moon next week. Im not sellin shiet
I’m buying shares on repeat in all these companies. Buy and hold shares long term. 

$TSLA
$AAPL
$NVDA
$AMD
$NIO
$PLUG 
$WKHS
$SNDL
$PURA 
$NCLH 
$BA 
$APAFF
$POAHY
$BTC
$PYPL
$SNAP
And I guess $PLTR
I want 10 bear awards please
Bear awards are the best awards.
[deleted]
Nio calls to earnings then put Tuesday at close ?????
Can I pay my bills with these awards?
1 year from now you will regret it
So all in Tethla
B.i.t.c.o.i.n 73% roi this year
Kinda feels like February in that seems like all bad news is being ignored... maybe time to buy puts?
Found NIU last month at 29, will sell at 200 sometime next year.
Fuk this award fairy
Lesgo!!!
[deleted]
[removed]
Yup you are definitely someone who graduated college in the 1990s. Federal student loans from 2008 are anywhere from 5% to 7%. So now you are going to tell me you graduated from a state school with only 25k in student loan debt and really bootstrapped only drank bud light and waited tables. Guess what dude? Everyone did that. The only difference is you paid a quarter of what everyone else paid and obviously got a better interest. Its cool. I love hearing these sentiments from people like you.
Yeah I'm not too bright but why wouldnt they get the 18s or the 17.5s?
Didn’t win on NIO, but won big with TSLA, SPY, RKT, equating to about $250k, I decided to put options behind me and just focus on shares in growth companies (RKT, PLTR, etc) since the IV is high, which equates to great premiums every week. Currently have $180k in RKT and am wheeling the stock, been making a consistent 2k-4k week, and $6k last week bc of RKT’s ER, the IV was insane. Closed out all my positions because I think RKT is poised for growth again. Also, I took money out to put a down payment on a house and use that as rental income.
Thanks bro. She is the most amazing person in the world, her only weakness is the allergies.
The Captcha Bots are retarded, and truly they belong to WSB.
Is there an untapped market for people who want to look like goddamn idiots on their commute?
I’m gonna animorph into Jack Ma
Thanks for the award dad
My reddit account is riding on this ER
I'm just talking out of my ass until monday
For me it is. I dunno how other people say Herb.
I’m gonna wait for a sale for spiderman. I’m kind of turned off by all the particle effects and neon colors. Little too much imo.
Not everything is so apparent. You need to trust the meme potential.
JD and WMT going to fund my lambo this week
Lol are you a fucking boomer? It’s called growth you retard, Ford is a dying company
No fees on RH
The whole day i drink coffee probably twice a week
Puts on my Saturday. My boss called me in for side work and I got excited cause I like making money. Turns out I have to rake the yard at his Airbnb smh 🤦‍♂️ should’ve stayed home
I'm ready. NIO drops on earnings. It's ppl who don't know this & panic that freak me out 😬
What?
That is what alpha is
Because it made me Tendies. This is why we are here
money is money and oppourtunity presents itself

u can't blame pepole for jumping into nkla can u?
What do you mean what do you do? You sold the puts, it got exercised, now you own the shares. What's there to do?
so what positions are you guys playing
So invert the retards..... well if im a retard then I just have to invert myself
I am the one giving out all the awards.
95? Most definitely, want to get some 100c but don’t know if it will pump or dump after earnings.
[deleted]
PLTR is the next meme stonk. Conservative PT of $30 by EOY
If you’re reading this just realize that you can now tell people you talked to your friends on WALL STREET (leave out the Bets part)
Bro i just got a salted caramel latte from Starbucks i told them only 1 shot because 2 is just way to much.

Is this what adderall feels like? Being caffeinated It helps when im doing sales
YOU FUCK YOU ARENT MY DAD NO WAY I DISAPPOINT YOU
Xi is big🍯🐻
You'll never have 50% of all cars on the street be from one company. That's not how lifestyle works. Hell it can't even be 10%. Once a lot of people get the same kind of car, people will look for alternatives. It's a bit like clothing. 

I don't understand why people think EVs can be valued several times the valuations of gasoline car makers. 

That said long on NIO with shares lesgo
Thats not his portfolio. Thats the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake.
That's incorrect. If you are counting on a beta bet you need points for both ends where SPY shot up (Nov 9) and where UBER followed (didn't happen) for instance. Uber, at least from my little looking at 6 mos via Nasdaq.com for both securities, is not trailing the SPY the way you need it to for this to work.

That's the problem here; you should be able to, if taking a beta bet, have pronounced movement in both directions. I don't think you're wrong that individual securities will suffer more than indices but I do think you're wrong on this being a strong beta bet because you're basically saying that there is pronounced alpha in Uber's decline which I don't see.

And of course Uber has less theta, it costs less, and more delta, it costs less, and the IV is separate per security but the vega is what you're playing on if you're using a beta bet, no? You're betting that the volatility of even a 1% drop is greater for Uber than SPY so that's how you're hedging unless you're running the inverse and if you are then I don't think I understand what your plan is here.
Nope
remember when trump said the wall had to be transparent so border patrol agents wouldn't get beaned on the head when the cartels throw like 60 lb bags of coke over the wall
I thought it was 64 contracts, sorry. 

Strange that you’re short 64 shares. Did you own 36 shares to begin with?
I’ll spread my ass for some awards.. oh wait, I’ll be doing that regardless
When she tells you mid-stroke she has the herp, you might as well finish.
So what will you do — you’ll just pretend to go to work every day at 9AM like usual so they don’t suspect? 

I totally sympathize with you btw. Good luck to and all the best. It’s weird times we live in.
Dude it’s not hard to understand.


Break down the word...


Pro-fit-ability. It basically means “how healthy and in shape are the employees, hence the healthier the more money gains”

Obviously PTON is the play here

PTON 135c 11/20
If I ever a saw a comment worthy of a "Sir, this is a Wendy's", it's surely this one.

Sir, this is a Wendy's
[deleted]
These awards are an omen of prosperity. Thank you so much award fairy.
I still belive that is going up, they just need to do the buybacks they promised for Next year
Dear Mr. Ma, 

Plz kiss and make up.

Sincerely,

BABA call holder
Yolo
Will suck suck for an award
That's like 4 people...
[deleted]
covid cases are up hopefully that'll teach boomers to go backto tech
[deleted]
DKNG is about to get wrecked isn't it?
PLTR TO THE MOON MONDAY OR I OPEN PUTS NIO ITS ABOUT TIME
Everything I've read makes it sound like a solid idea. Only something unexpected would knock it off that path. I own 85c 1/15/21 to play it closer. I hope I won't regret sending them through the earnings call wormhole
Ark was selling baba on this dip which is interesting, they usually buy dips
Touch my butt and buy me tendies.
I can barely bear to take this bear bare
I am interested in starting a nursing home so fuck off and save the boomers
Can I’ve an award
Solo isn’t even at ath yet. We can meme this shit and make money boys.
O'Doyle, I have a feeling that your whole family is going down.
I have 368C for maximum autism
No.

Main difference is that traditional software companies sell out of the box software that needs to be adapted by the user.

These guys create a custom software solution for the company, as to better handle the data and information they have/use.

Anyone who’s ever held a role for at least a mid level managerial role for a global Corp knows what a complete cluster fuck it is to coordinate various data sources and all of the bottle necks that they have.
Ban
I said that last week and I got downvoted to hell. North Dakota is meth heads wonderland. North Dakota is a bigly shithole.
[removed]
Cause frankly, my past trading history indicates that I am far too retarded for such lofty goals. This is the 3rd time since March I've gone back in after being stupid and greedy and losing it all. I feel like I've wised up a bit and take profit where I can rather than getting super greedy. I actually bought my first puts this time around lol. I'm keeping my goals small as I am still learning. Reaching for the stars as a non-professional trader is just going to lead me to going broke. I'll just be happy if I can turn a grand in the next month or 2
Buy them all $JETS
I had a lot of contracts expiring yesterday because I truly believed this was finally Rockets time. I got burned pretty bad obviously, but I still have faith in later dated calls.
I can see that happening.
Didn’t think I really wanted a PS5 until I saw the Spider-Man trailer. Looks pretty cool ngl.. 

Sony definitely has the production capacity to manufacture all wanted PS5s. They’re just creating demand. I’ll get one later I guess
Porn should be a treat, you should be able to jerk off to your thoughts
IM SO FUCKING HARD
IV crush is going to cut premiums in half at a minimum
My SPY, UVXY, and VIX positions hope so 🍷
[deleted]
I jumped on the train Friday night man.

Ride to the heavens
ICLN or PBW shares if your goal is just to get back to even. 

January 15 NIO calls AFTER EARNINGS DIP if you’re still trying to gamble.
Fuck I’m balls deep in bynd at 137$ 800 shares I got assigned
hi
Uh, the opposite
Wtf is this sentence?😂😂
I am all in on spce 11/20 25c's
Market doesn’t care, people will still go to stores and spend money they don’t have.
How long does it last though and how often do you drink caffeine
Blah blah blah. The 1970s was the key pivotal moment for Chinese and American trade. You cannot deny that. The Chinese economy lit up, American manufacturing moved overseas, and China grew enormously in a fantastically short time. Look at the numbers.
You sure you aren't taking adderall?
Point cock TO THE SKY!! AND BUY !!!!!
Etobicoke is not Toronto
I’ve also heard suspicions of manipulation, but not from that sub. I think its a possibility. I read that a Biden victory is good for Rocket too so I feel like the election uncertainty would have subsided.
"alpha"
I currently have a 24c
Yes, what kind of anxiety meds are you eating?
Lambo wipers cost negative money?
So basically a great opportunity for republicans to crash the market and say, “told ya so, yo 401k ain’t safe with dems”. Good article. Cash gang or  larger hedge might be the play.
Sorry about your calls bro
I'm struggling with the same thoughts, hard to let go of what could've been but I like your outlook that there are always plays like this out there
I just noticed that ARK sold some BABA and bought PLTR 🧐
Looks like someone on here got rich off NIO.
I think the uplisting is why O’Leary and JR Rahn are out on social media talking MindMed up. If they can get the price up for the uplisting, they’ll certainly gain more funding to ensure that the 18-MC trials are able to run their course. On top of that, they’re looking to build an IP portfolio as well as build the training regimens for their treatments. They’ve already purchased the rights to a Swiss doctor’s LSD studies, which I believe includes patents and current trials, in addition to anything else that may come from the research, and partnered with NYU Langone Medical Center, a top 20 US hospital, to produce the above mentioned training/treatment regimen. This one has a long way to go, and I have serious questions about how they intend to produce these drugs, but they should be taken seriously because IP in this space is a huge deal, as are addressable markets.
No I’m a alpha not a stupid blond
Politicians and corporations sold us out way before any retards started betting on Chinese stocks. The fed is complicit too. The Chinese control the future at this point because they’re going to knock the dollar off as world reserve currency, but they need several major stock market crashes to happen first and they will know exactly when because they’ll be the ones to cause it. Probably between now and feb you can expect a 20% drop and a Chinese buy opportunity to further erode the dollar.
North Dakota is such a stupid state. A quarter percent of the population is getting Covid EACH day.
This is WSB.  Imbeciles placing binary bets who want only things that fit their theses.  This gang of idiots are fated to lose money.  They are food.  Let them continue to be food
Does the SEC actually look into complaints or will they just “LOL” @ poor kids and move along
Wait fr? Lol
Gay time.
[deleted]
U want another award , spread your pinker stinker 😏
I must be weak af because every time I get caffeinated I feel like I won the lottery. My face gets warm asf and my adrenaline is at 120%. Anyone else feel this way?
The governors of six northeastern states will hold an emergency meeting over the weekend to address the rise in COVID-19 cases, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Friday. Cuomo said the states will work to align their policies as much as possible.  


"We believe we are going to have to be taking additional steps," Cuomo said.
yes sir. my 25c's will go crazier.
I'm here for the bear reward. Where is it
Ilhan omar has used campaign funds to pay her husband's "political consultant" business $2.8M since 2019. her congressional district is non-competitive
High intensity insider trading
Dumb question- if I were to get back into calls on NIO on monday, assuming a 10-15% jump, how much IV would be lost following earnings? I'm trying to use vega values to determine whether I should jump in on monday or wait until a certain period after earnings. 

Another thing I'm curious about is whether a change in IV would be more or less dramatic in this scenario when dealing with a ticker like NIO that is, for the most part, parabolic.
Ima be honest GME holders retarded if y’all saw historical. The stock runs up to release date then goes down from there. It gets priced in literally every time...it’s in a head shoulder rn ur better off shorting cuz it’s gonna fall bigley
I don’t think they’re going to drop much. The covid wave I think already hit nyse, so looking forward... Just gonna go long now and if it’s losing a hundred bucks of upside NBD
I got 2 95c 12/18 you think they’ll print?🙏
Pls ban
[removed]
Honestly most people haven't read the report. It's extremely bullish they interviewed multiple people that fucking love their nio's. And these are young professionals with lots of money, not old choomers.
Can I get another award? I mean please daddyyyy
[deleted]
[removed]
They are going to pump it on Monday and Tuesday then sell the news no matter what! So buy Put options before market closes on Tuesday easy money! 🤷‍♂️
Gay bear
What kind of artist owns a lambo and doesn't have it wrapped?
Someone is making bear magic happen
You don't want to seem overbearing WHY DIDN'T YOU REPLY HUH? 
Don't do that
ODOYLE RULES

ODOYLE RULES

ODOYLE RULES
So we buying BABA leaps and UBER puts this week right? If there ever was a source of free money, this should be it.
Bruuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
The only explanation for ZM dropping yesterday while cases are rocketing is that MM have insider info about the vaccine
ZM going to $100 on Monday
How much longer must one wait?
You clearly don’t understand no matter how crappy Tesla interior is, they will always be considered as a luxury brand in China. Who’s market share model 3 is taking in China? Bmw 3 series, Audi A4 and Mercedes C class. Same goes for Model Y. Also Tesla brand is well established as a luxury brand and Chinese middle class goal is to buy a “luxury” car at the cheapest price. That’s why we have bmw 318i and Mercedes C180, front wheel driving 3 series with a 1.6T engine. Yea we all retards
Ban
This guy should manage a hedge fund
Asked a magic 8 ball if I should do something retarded and it said yes
Yea, Tesla is fucking out, these guys have become the boomers they once made fun off
Anyone not in nio is retarded
Yeah, they're smart with all their stolen Intellectual Property. They're the scummiest of all.
Thinking about picking some 100c 1/15/21. Think that’s a good idea?
Fancy boy here talking about Ross. I'm wearing Dress Barn seconds while scraping all my allowance into trades
Andrew Left sips on horse semen
Why take a risk on a company that's now openly shorted when PLTR exists
Hello
bout to buy me some enron
Lol
I sold all my tsla last week to hop on the nio train for a few weeks. Whether or not tsla is a better long term choice, nio is going to rocket NOW and tsla has been stagnant as fuck lately. Bank on nio now, bank on tsla later.
Spce gonna go crazy on Monday?
[deleted]
[deleted]
25% of my calls expire next week. Those are starting to worry me. BABA needs to get moving with no further delay
ya hate to see it
Don't know what cannabis has to do with this, but whatever. All in ACB I guess.
TFW nio opens at $44 and stays flat until next year
Would’ve easily been cruising to $400 but Xi Jinping
I think there are a lot of bearish factors coming in together for a VIX spike in December. It's not about how many Covid cases we have per day, but moreso related to loan defaults, bankruptcies, and quarter rebalancing. I doubt Fed can come in with help until late Jan.

But am I trying to time the crisis like the rest of the people who bet on December VIX spike? Most likely.
Shit hurts but you'll be fine bro. For some people this kick in the balls comes when they're older and "life savings" has a different meaning for a 55 yo than a 25 yo. You're balling bro, don't let this pull you down!
Can I see your crystal ball? Did a fortune cookie tell you this?
I’m a college student and this sub is the only thing that gets me through online stupid classes
What if the dip never comes.because ppl expect it.
Patience.
Stop watching porn. Ruins your brain
Weird.. yeah idk what to tell you.
If this is really your first time hearing about citron then you’re new to investing and don’t have the experience to even know if you should or shouldn’t take their advice
Not 100 puts
Nobody knows bro. But considering everyone is expecting another pump, I wouldn’t be very optimistic
I joined when trading was being halted at the start of Covid. Idk if my seizure was from the speed of the chat window or an overdose of autism.
Ill be claiming 3k for the next 5 years 😬
Bro I bought a put
What’s going on exactly?
CAD was worth more than the USD only a few years ago lol
Check out Ben Felix, a fellow Canuck, watch his YouTube vids and look at his model portfolios. Take some rest and fuck the stock market.
True, I was thinking of throwing 1/2k on NIO as a gamble and then thrown the rest of my savings into something stable enough like dinesy and leave that for a while. 

I have 0 experience so wanted to take one risk and then sit on something.

What do you think ?
Award time
Holy shit...over 180,000 COVID cases yesterday. Calls on ZM
NIU > NIO
Fomo is powerful 
Greed is the ultimate drug 

Combine together = loss porn
don't get hasty. she's testing you to see how much of a simp you are
No. A "bubble" is an usually an overvalued *sector*. For instance the housing bubble which was not just a simple matter of the stocks themselves but almost every security within the framework. In the internet bubble and others you would find the same thing. Literally everything related to the "bubble" was overvalued from infrastructure to all products.

Great Dunning-Krueger there.
dude is perfectly neutral about the whole shit. He is trying to make get you retards to see the story from both side instead of just NIO shillers cherry picking their loss to make themselves feel better, yet somehow you fuckers still flame him.... what a bunch of insecured sissies.
Until it doesn’t
Robinhood
My student loan interest was somewhere in the 1-2% my sisters was the same. The interest was so little that I paid the minimum every month until I could afford to pay it back in one lump sum. Also only new cars have zero percent interest rates. And if you are buying a brand new car while also struggling to afford to pay student you are a fucking dumbass who should not be allowed access to credit.
This retard sounds like he owns a lot of shares of shitty tsla stock or something
Go big or go home with a weekly spy call 6% OTM
Human males have the same number of hairs on their bodies as chimpanzees, human hair is just finer.
Speculation on what that means? $20 is a pretty far cry from 11 bucks, but it is GME....
[deleted]
My UVXY position hopes so.
WTF EHY WOULD SOMEONE DISAPPOINTED BY US WHO IS THIS GUY
You make more money investing in the stock market
Okay lads, wtf is wrong with people reselling their ps5's at exorbitant prices. 1200? you fucking kidding me?
Why not take the $500 and turn it into $10k? Then that $10k into 100k? Then that 100k into $1M?!
Life is a highway 😈
Was buying puts at 3PM Thursday when someone called out of the blue. last name was chase and I didn’t take it as a sign to stop before submitting the order
Awards in this sub are like candy to a baby lmao 😂
some bear got rich off nio puts at the top
How good are your knee pads?
My plan is to catch the falling knife, and keep averaging down until I’m even. Should be able to make a quick and swift exit by weeks end
BABA is quite the opportunity
[deleted]
[deleted]
That’s a first on wsb
I’ve lost my life savings more times then I can count to make it back to lose it to make it back. At this point it’s just numbers to me
Spamming bear awards guarantees green day Monday. Remortgage your house and get approved for futures trading asap.
NIO going to 0
So calls on SOR? Wtf is this guy telling us
Yea.. trying going a few days without it then go get a big ass coffee it's like being injected directly in your brain
Lol no
I just came twice with the “ I am disappoint “ award!!!!
I heard Biden’s plan is to lock down for 4 - 6 weeks and release stimulus biweekly to match pay checks. People locked inside with big checks and their phones. I’m sure that can’t help e-commerce stocks
Wat ya do
[deleted]
"They smash earnings every time" ummm that was a fucking lie everyone open ur RH app right now and check NIU ER history....
trump will take care of this problem with chinese electric vehicles with an announcement on sunday. i have a friend whos an insider
If your dick is broken, you go behind a Wendy’s and give handies for $20 a pop before you sell shares
Renting it out to someone like you takes care of the taxes and most of the mortgage...
[deleted]
You lost over 6 figures ?
if i would have held my 10k worth of enph I had bought this same time last year, would be worth around 90k. Or if I had the balls to go all in on calls would have been a milly plus... makes ne bummed I missed but glad to know that there's always plays like that out there. Just got to have the balls and oracle vision to see it through.
Spoiler: they only write hiit pieces
Spy calls short term, puts a few months out
What? You’re supposed to get a boner all time dude..
Pug rull on Monday
PLTR MOON YET? LET ME IN LETM E INNNNNN
Above 365 I bet you
This is WSB - go to r/investing
get this to the front page you retards, this is actually good
Aren't you the idiot who said institutions are going to panick sell monday? Lol.
Omgg I’m getting horny with all these awardsss
[deleted]
[deleted]
What the fuck is all this shit about SOLO? Who the fuck is tracking the enclosed tricycle market and why the fuck should I dump my 4 figure wealth into it?
[deleted]
Donkey Kong for donkey Kongs
Most certainly
Stop watching porn dude
SPCE 11/20 25c's. Let's fucking gooo
how are my NIO $100 Dec 24 Calls looking
Can I use it for free? Thanks
It’s where people will be shopping when they bet the farm on NIO calls for earnings.
Does anyone bother with earnings plays more than like a week out around here? I'm looking at NTAP and BOX in December.
I sure hope you're right.
Wow this so anti green, 3 EV companies being hindered like this??? 😡😡
Imagine the emotions each time it booms and crashes. Would give you bipolar at some stage.
Deposit it into your wife's boyfriend's account. He will keep it safe
With NIO how are you down?
Bitch I’ve had my account go to a million and lost 250k some days. Shit us just numbers at this point
He ded
Still some room to drop first. Wait until 10-15% off of 52 week lows then jump on airlines, cruises and gyms.
No R&D overhead, no unions, no OSHA, no benefits.
Gotcha. Thanks.
Award fairy is on the loose
Long baidu 

Long Walmart

Long Home Depot

Long Ross

Short Macy’s 

Short buckle
Plus great benefits and full healthcare
Anyone else here only get a boner for porn? I may have a problem.
Lol
based and redpilled
Umm.. Remember yesterday? I know it was only one day but I'm worried about pre earnings.
Roger roger, TSLA is sideways, NIO is rising! NIO CALL 60C 01/15/2021
Oh my goodness, no. 

Right now, you’re short $285k worth of NIO.

Are you sure they were auto-exercised? Many brokers would do a do-not-exercise if a client doesn’t have the cash to fill the option.
at least you will find out. if she isn't into it: u find someone better. if she is: well then u have won this round. good luck bro
Gimme award too.. i hate NIO
you can buy back your options to cancel them. you will incur a loss though if it gets close to your strike because the contract is worth more than you sold it for
[removed]
Dude you are so hung up on such a small part of what Alibaba is because you fundamentally WANT Alibaba to fail. You clearly have your mind made up on why China is evil and how 1.4 billion ppl are beneath you, because you are an American and America is the best, and even if Alibaba break world records in sales, you’ll always come up with a reason why they are somehow still falling short, because deep down you are afraid of foreign things and things you can’t comprehend and understand. You are a sad little man.
Probably gains but I feel your pain
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nah being a judge is better. You can't get fired
Duh, you preserve them in tsla calls.
yup. pretty sure she could get her own fund without the riff raff though
I have a 6 year old and our sex life is better than it has ever been, having sex at least every other day. It definitely wasn't like that after she first gave birth though lol.
China and the US had favorable trade relations in the late 1700s. BEnjamin Franklin admired their prison system, Thomas Jefferson and James Madison admired their isolationism, and American visitors to China were inspired by their advanced society and highly developed empire. The first Chinese trade ship, Empress of China, came to the US in the 1780s. It wasn't until US missionaries started going there to convert people and the Opium wars that unfavorable relations started. The United States historically has never played by the worlds rules and breaks its own rules all the time.
!RemindMe 72 hours
Thank you for this.
Not to forget that it’s a chinese company, with chinese backing. Their tech is competitive and they have European market entry plans.
OP: go SEC while I double down on NIO when market opens on Monday.
More specifically, calls on Sony. Finance your PS5 purchase with your PS5 purchase.
and all the cheese pizza you can sink your teeth into
They are paying to grow market share.
Keep your chin up, you still have $700 to lose
If sentiment stays the same there's a solid chance it opens at 362
Literally wong. I mean wrong.
[deleted]
I don’t think my post was excessive. I’m calm. Just responding to the millions of posts i’ve read on here that all say the same thing.
It is what it is unfortunately. The Chinese are smart are knew they could capitalize off of greedy American investors.
I'm CEO of LMT actually. We got some cool stuffs we sell. Can confirm laser program is going smoothly 👍
I'm betting completely on a rise Monday/Tuesday, and a dip to buy after earnings. 

Even if it's only a dip in options price from the IV crush.
God my cock is so hard from this
jesus it’s been rocketing for weeks straight bro
Well wtf I didn’t have any daytrades left I thought it would just give me the money....
[deleted]
I try to help where I can.
“Girl”
I swear this sub doesn’t understand CCs at all. It’s still a bullish position that you *want* to go up and get called away because that’s max profit. There are way better ways to profit off a stock not moving than CCs.
The smart move is to do both and rebalance
his daughter is pretty hot
lemon company said shop company go down, shop company go up instead
It's obvious that greens aren't good for you. Buy puts.
[deleted]
Solo FDs
I don't think my broker was lying to me on Thursday
10% chance... 

Basically your positions have to go against everyone else. You just do the opposite of what everyone thinks.
[deleted]
This. Get some JETS and disconnect emotions
This is why I am on wsb. Genuine advice.
They can swap your battery in five mins but you gotta wait in line for an hour
I mean I don’t check my snap every day.. maybe she’s busy. She at least saw your text, don’t over analyze it
What’s w all the awards?
[deleted]
Id like to take advantage of iv before earnings on a certain ev stock. I sell a covered call for the premium, is there a way to get out if the trade isnt going my way?
$MINT
Wish SPY 362C prints on Monday
[deleted]
big if true
Nah you mongoloid, already took my 60k profit out
You mean skyrocket the way shitcoin has since election?  Cool
I’ve got 11/16 and 11/18 puts so I’m ready.
Being in congress is such a sweet job, ($250k) + shady deals ($1M) + non-shady deals ($200k) + jobs for family/lovers ($200k)
Still time
eat elk
[deleted]
Or you can join the next meme market and buy long calls on Solo.
This is great thank you
In simplest terms. Most of the Fed action from March-April has a sunset date of Dec 31. Republicans want to end the programs because they feel the market/economy is “business as usual”. Democrats want to keep the programs going as a backstop and insurance. Citigroup in their research finds that the market isn’t functioning as normal yet and ending these programs prematurely could be dangerous for market function. 

The decision to extend the sunset date or slowly start to unwind the programs comes early to mid December.
NIO earnings aren't til Tuesday AH, right? So Monday and Tuesday should rocket? Or was Friday the earnings sell off? Pls help
It’s that feeling watching futures go your way and you think you’re going to make fat stacks only to wake up see them unfavorable. Thats when you feel like puking and your day is ruined
That doesn’t impact JD nearly as much.
Yes it is, but don’t you plan to have kids later down the road or currently have kids? By investing in Chinese companies you are inadvertently strengthening the potential of the Chinese economy in the future. 

If you invest in US companies that will result in job creation, infrastructure, higher standard of living. Instead you’re enabling this for the Chinese who are probably defrauding investors in the first place. You might not think you have an impact but it’s a whole slew of greedy investors doing this.
What, you aren't anticipating earnings from Ross, where you can Dress for Less?
Wynn
Go long on $UBER. They are hands down the future.
till 2 weeks ago I thought INO was another EV company 🤣
I've just been eating a salad for dinner the past week. Where is my lean body and six pack? Something strange going on
What y’all think? Read this and comment below: 

https://twitter.com/davehcontrarian/status/1324337715618435072?s=21
UVXY
yeah pretty sure another investor would give her the control she wants though. shes proven herself and doesnt have to deal with this bs lol
Possible but remember they’re doing ATM financing to pay for SweetWater right now.
I want to buy a ps5 but it’s being resold for $900 :(
During the French Revolution they tried to institute a metric system of keeping time. The clocks have 10 hours with 100 minutes in an hour and 100 seconds in a minute.
I’ve played LMT quite a bit on and off since March.. decent company, but maybe wait for a dip before buying in.
[deleted]
bro girls r so weird. before my girl and I were dating she would do shit like this. it's all mind games, u gotta call her out tho. don't get strung along.
RIP. Profit taking learned though? If you 20X your money, withdraw some.

Sorry about that loss though!
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**APHA**|**$6**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.13**|**$5.66**|**6416**|**3542**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhhz6mbwahqa0751o0naa0wq) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/redeye7142/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Starlink definitely will once it's fully released and predictable
Anyone here playing JD earnings?
There’s a lot of turbulence right now... just go long on airlines bc were within a year of the vaccine and call it a day
Your analysis is rational*. 

I think what a lot of people are betting on though is that the Chinese gov has the back of those EV companies, and with that support profits/losses are irrelevant. If indeed the gov does have a mind to help them (see alibaba, Huawei etc) then tesla has no chance in hell because it'll all be rigged.

If the gov stays out of it (in China, where everything=government) then tesla has the advantage, but..

China is pushing hard for its stock exchange to become a global player, and for people to invest there they need to advertise Chinese companies first to investors to gain confidence. I wouldn't put it past them to use those EV ones as baits of successful profit making machines for investors to open the way for them to invest in shanghai. China desperately needs foreign investment to keep up its sham of growth. 


*and that's the problem with it, this year's market is anything but rational.
ding. there was 60 million volume on spy yesterday compared to 90 mil average. There's no buyers in the 350's my dude. Friday was a fake and g\*\* pump. Someone just posted a link saying only 25% of investors feel bearish. bulls are jacked to the tits.

I'm here for the rug pull. ask NIO bag holders how it feels to be greedy.
The plus side is you can deduct your capital losses on your tax return (3k/year until you hit the amount you've lost).
SOLO for memes only. At least for this week. Come on you know you want to.
F
Probably going to do well but the real question is if they will do well enough to justify their current value
Tell me what the aliens think about Solo's meme potential.
SPXS and UUP calls for 3/21
[deleted]
Disappoint in me?
Uber is a hella strong brand. Everybody knows it. I would never short that shit, or make puts. 

Ya it's losing money, but it's a tech Stonk. It will always go up. I would inverse the play 😛
10/15/21 420c here waiting for it to go to 0.
If anyone ever tells you "oh. Sorry. I haven't been on my phone much lately." there is a 99% chance they're fucking lying.
Spy calls
So you're telling me there's a chance?
I found the guy balls deep in nio 70c 11/20
[deleted]
This might sound absolutely stupid, but honest question... doesn't NIO also make smart houses now? I heard something about that anyway. Maybe that'll give them an edge if that is true and is successful. But it also sound ridiculous so I dunno what to think.

Either way, right now I do think Tesla will be more successful right now especially, but long term I would think NIO stock has more growth potential. Then again most of my plays end up not working out lol so what do I know.
Nah. She asked a few times, but there were better options available.
[deleted]
So buy XPeng calls, got it.
I hope so so I can dump my calls. Got fucked yesterday.
A good recommendation on what to do after you take it.
Fidelity
I mean if we're talking investments I think you're way better off buying disruptive technologies with large total addressable markets let's say Lemonade or Virgin Galactic.
I'm kidding bro. It's Saturday and I'm mostly bored. But it could happen. But probally not this week
[removed]
Sir, this is a casino. Senior living is on the other side of this street. Here is a map r/investing
Bro, this is what I've been saying. It's pathetic how many people want to sell out their own country for some miserable tendies they'll most likely lose.
VaLuE sToCkS

That’s the rich telling you to buy shit like IBM or Kroger so you can stay poor. Tech and solar energy will set you free.
Becky won’t be caught dead in that thing
Send a salami to your boy in the army. Buy a government war bond.
Lmao
Bollocks!!!
[deleted]
Don't make time for people that can't make time for you.
My LSD off the Dark Web is sent to me in a Zoo brochure.
What platform is this?
Drank a latte from Starbucks and I kid you not time is going by faster than usually, TIME IS A MAN MADE CONCERT.
Heard it from a guy behind the dumpster at wendys
Anything but NIO
[deleted]
Tsla
[deleted]
It *IS* a valid picture...
Unlike NKLA that has no revenue and negative earnings, NIO actually has revenue. NIO has made $5 billion in the first 2 quarters this year. NIO has negative earnings but they at least have revenue so it's not a scam like NKLA.

2nd quarter 2020 is the first quarter NIO has had more revenue versus their negative earnings. NIO is doing well as a business.
FSR
Lmao people are already asking for sources. Smooth 🧠's obviously im probally joking. Who the hell knows whats going to happen with any chineese company. Look at baba. Jack talked shit and the ccp put his ass in place. 

But thanks. Yeah obviously I'm trolling.
u seem like a good dude. cheers mate. best of luck and hope u succeed. ur brother in law is lucky to have ya
Down 10k all time 4K left what are some decent plays. You retards are retarded. I need a big dick daddy baller to give me a play.
Ya I'm 26, graduated college last year. Made some cash in options, like 20k. Tapped out and now I'm just buying stocks and ETFs bro.

I look at my future and I'm excited to build with discipline. 
What happened sucks, and what you feel is real. But remember that you still have plenty of time.


You're young and you took risk. There is absolutely nothing wrong with that at the end of the day. It would only be wrong if you started to treat yourself poorly and changed your character for the worse.
Gonna make the fall that much steeper.
And I’ve just baited myself out
She's just not that into you. Unless her phone is broken, she's ignoring you. You're either in the friend zone, you're a backup plan, or (long shot) her phone is fucked.
All money is green right?
Do something else with your Saturday.
Have 500 left. Dont wanna blow it. What’s good play?
Ok I’m not gonna be mad... but who here fucked my wife?
Holy shit. Baba, nio RIP
Sold everything, bought a fucking TM3, and invested in real estate! 💥 I stole from 🇨🇳 and gave some to papa Elon
Nothing in that article says she’s leaving and I don’t even see how you are inferring that. It says they don’t want this company to take their option for majority interest. That’s it. Could she leave from that, who knows.
Bloody red at Open. You first heard it here ! Not the news making the crash, the  Crash making the news !
[deleted]
You've marked this submission as an earnings thread. It's important that this is a valid "most anticipated earnings" picture so please delete it if you've messed something up and posted the wrong picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Nio.
Those kids would lose a lot of money if they could read! 😡
Make money on NIO, buy a Tesla. 🇺🇸
Greyscale baby GBTC. but i prefer the real thing
Was it 64 shares or 64 contracts?

Because if your put was exercised, you might be short 6400 shares.

Good news, though, is that you’re short from $45.
Do both sides. Although pltr is a kinda shit underlying.
Yes going against the trend always works 🤡🤡🤡
https://www.sec.gov/news/press/2010/2010-26.htm

SEC says intraday and following, am i missing something
Nvda!! Which brave soul is going to fight alongside with me. The journey will be long and a lot bull shit . Sign here
she's probably just having sex or something so give her time.
thx, I just bought 1 for shits and giggles :). I think they sell off again... I timed the JKS top and that shit kept selling off :(
3 days to cull the eager weirdos. Chill or she’ll know you’re a weirdo.
[deleted]
I can’t believe people are shilling a Chinese company to make money. Lining the pockets of the Chinese Economy vs the US economy. This can’t end well. Greed makes you do wild things lol
"you lot"

🚨redcoat detected 🚨
This is bullish.
[deleted]
Ban
I Think NIO can touch 45-48 Monday morning
Because EV has matured in the last decade? Because supply chains are already there? It is laughable as a Chinese to see someone believe Nio will surpass Papa Elon’s Tesla. The truth is, by 2030 NIO’s battery swap will become meaningless and that’s the best ip they got.
Ford is going electric and recently patented a new self driving interface
Whose going to wait a while to buy a PS5? My personal goal for options trading is to make enough tendies to get my brother-in-law the new system

And before any of you say it, no, I'm not going to introduce him to my degenerate gambling addictions to fund his own PS5
Uvxy
Imagine thinking the market cares about lockdowns LOL. This was the most detached the markets ever been from the real world
uh guys... especially the meme team, you might wanna take a look at the updated list of banned investment chinese companies as of 11/14/2020 12:30pm. RIP, glad i sold off

[say it aint so](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8a3gjt_Ar0&ab_channel=tomberesford)
anybody own $LMT? thinking about buying in if this laser weapons program grows.
Now that’s the shit I’m on about
?????

American was isolationist in the 19th century and China wasn't even on their radar. America was the one that normalized trade relations with them in the 1970s and has since become a key trade partner. Modern China wouldn't exist without American trade. Playing the victim is ridiculous. China is growing up and doesn't want to play by the same rules as the rest of the industrialized nations. Simple as that.
Nice
I thought they just made parts and batteries and stuff. Not their own cars?
Not if we buy puts
[deleted]
Was your mom mad you?
Boomers never buy new underwear.

Hanes ($HBI) puts have been printing hard
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Currently at the hospital and my wife's giving birth

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju4ato
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju4ato) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/apexbamboozeler, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
MadejustforWSB
CallsOnAlcoholism
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
"Once you hook the customer" is the problem though. Would you like to replace your gasoline expenses with a battery as a service charge? I wouldn't
Oh no
I have a 10k stock position, i don’t have access to options
Back in 2005, when they were stocklemon they called out Interoil (IOC). That company was a total fraud.
F in chat
I have a 10k stock position, i don’t have access to options
Paywall for me unfortunately
Isn’t JD impacted by Chinas upcoming regulations too though?
Tbh I hope SOLO does pull it off so that every time I go to Vancouver I can laugh at how dumb their cars look
Shut the fuck up and show us your puts
Not likely, I closed my account and I spend tens of dollars a month
people with puts
Don't think so
[deleted]
Guh life is so boring now that the election is over
[removed]
Imagine having a kid and posting here.
🥭man
Call your brokerage.
manifesting this for me
GE
Sold all by 9:45, +900%
The main impetus for it going up would be to ride on the Chinese EV craze. Investors became skeptical after their presentation looked weak months ago. It possibly may go up due to the craze, but I wouldn't take a long ride with it at all.
This is exactly what I was thinking, but moderna did have the highest potency rate among other vaccines..
I did. Have around $25k in calls.
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-06/jpmorgan-isn-t-sure-why-vix-curve-has-notable-december-bump](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-06/jpmorgan-isn-t-sure-why-vix-curve-has-notable-december-bump)
ideal :)
Solo
My comment did not age well. I hope you are doing better my man.
I did buy Luckin. It did not end well.
Somebody posted this link in response to my concerns a while ago. 

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/09/business/economy/federal-reserve-emergency-loans.html

“The officials will probably make that decision by early to mid-December, according to a senior Treasury Department official.”
eh you could use the $100 rofl :) you'd prob spend it all and lose doing dumb theta plays like selling Puts on NIO and getting blown up
good troll post 10/10. probably spooked some guys
Who?
Half that
So you don’t pay as much tax?
NIO will run up again and by puts right after
Source pls.
Yes sir.
pray for an ER spike
For real. So much money to be made on puts here
Gonna yolo XPEV AGAIN NOW
Yo, dawg. I'm getting excited.
1. It'll be self evident when you'll need more serious treatments, like root canals.  And paying $1000+ for those won't make you happy.

2. It helps, at the very least.  I find that having a long-term goal that fits your own talents/desires works even better.  That way, I'm not wage slaving just to live another day.
Who’s forecasting a vix spike?
Bought them as soon as analysts had it above 40. Had other positions I wish i never closed, but I took some great profits.
-Every guide on how to be rich
That sounds like hard work
I'm holding puts and this reaffirmed my decision to be bearish.
Can you lot stop about SOLO. Anyone going near that will lose money.
Not until next year and even then might not be until early February until it’s actually put into effect.
SPCE
You also get to benefit from them stealing from Tesla cause Elon is being mega cucked
Definitely calls on Solo. We can't all be wrong.
He said the line
[deleted]
Been there. They don’t need good advice usually just someone to listen
" ah HolderofFour!"
Just do it. I'm in.
Not at all, especially with the warrant bonus
So stocktwits. Got it.
Soooo my 45 put on NIO was exercised at close on Friday? I had shares with a average price of 28$.. now I’m shorting 64 shares of NIO. What do I do?
Thank you sire
If its a weekly can then sucks to suck, if you buy weeklies then you're just buying yourself a ticket to poursville
Yeah no. No link = fuck off
The worst part of this is most Americans can’t speak another language let alone reading Chinese. This means a lot of intelligence you guys can gather on Chinese companies is second hand, processed, biased. On top of that, you guys has no idea the mentality of Chinese market, some of you don’t even know Li Auto is a scammy hybrid company marketing themselves as EV. Let alone they are recalling their cars and the stock just goes up. Just shows how retard you guys are. Yes we might be evil and don’t give a shit about human rights, but at least our brain can function like a well oiled STEM machine. Lol the daily infection chart in the states is like NIO’s chart, straight to the sky. More than 150K everyday, 3000 of them will die in the next few weeks and you guys are still calling pandemic as a hoax. It is sad, when can you guys start caring about each other
Trump?
NKLA
1 sip per computer click
Don’t forget alcohol and actually cocaine is a refined natural product...
I will be messaging you in 6 months on [**2021-05-14 17:28:22 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-05-14%2017:28:22%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju4nji/tsla_vs_other_evs_why_do_happy_tsla_investors/gc9o0kd/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju4nji%2Ftsla_vs_other_evs_why_do_happy_tsla_investors%2Fgc9o0kd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-05-14%2017%3A28%3A22%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju4nji)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
12/18 50c checking in
That's how Jeff Goldblum defeated the aliens in Independence Day bro....bullish
$7 makes more sense than the current $100 though
To help this guy out, if tis a call that's about a month or two long you can sell weeklies against it thus recovering some of your premium, and then if you are still long on the stock you can roll it for another monthly call once you've reached the half way point where theta decay begins to get bad and if you are neutral to bearish on the call you can just sell weeklies against it until it ded.
Lmfao what a clown
I think the most confusing thing for me rn is forecasted VIX spike in December-January while being at ATH.

:/
We don't hire felons
Haven’t lost anything yet because who is planning big moves right before earnings

Edit: the fucking citron guy I guess
I got kick from the discord but it’s never dead in there
Seems every one is rotating out of Nio into ?
!remindme 6 months
Welcome to the fam political prisoner
lol forreal?? that would be a dump of epic proportions
Go look at BABA last 5 days and compare to JD. JD has earnings Monday. I’m not necessarily a BABA bear I’m just saying JD is better.
[removed]
Yes.. let us all inverse that then
3k losses can be claimed
Solo opening at 9 on Monday. Holy shitt, I might break even.
Emm nope, they have very few stocks
Solo tricycles are some of the most ugly vehicles I‘ve ever seen... just google it
I missed the +25% jump day from a week ago, so I'm annoyed. I'm back on if the market sells off some of that gain
Solo meme potential isn’t there you pump and dump fucking jackasses
Puts on everything boomer
Behind the dumpster at the wendys parking lot.
He did I think, but he also said he talked to them at some point so he is saying one thing and doing another. If he gets it for a good valuation it wouldn’t be a bad long term hold
Maybe it's less lame in Chinese? Idk. It's fucking stupid though. But, their angle seems to be "its cheap" and that will probably work.
Viva NIO coño
Nice locker rooms, steam rooms, equipment, indoor basketball courts, indoor turf soccer nice field, nice pool, poolside service. Its got basically all the stuff you could want to do!
no ban bet, no positions

I sleep
I figured, also any reason to claim losses?
¿Si qué?
[deleted]
Me too. Welcome back
Its CCL or nothing ma mannn
Obviously.....
They cannot infringe you’re right to ‘medicinal’ CBD?
Bears are f?
Wow, that's impressive influence level there, congratulations and fuck you very much : )
I like it
Same boat as you, Godspeed.
Found the retard
Nice try, Elon
Just be rich, it's soo easy!
Kndi doesn’t have meme potential
Any chance TSLA gonna go pass 430$ in early Dec?
It’s grapefruit, definitely qualifies for brunch.
The problem with the main point in the Citron article is they are comparing the Model Y to the wrong NIO SUV. And Tesla's aren't as luxurious. It's like saying more Ford Explorers will be sold than BMW X7s...yeah no shit.
Horseshit lmao
rotation from NIO to NKLA, lets go!
CVS is another good one
Can you guys wait until Thursday to get into SOLO? I'm out of day trades and need to be ready for the pump n dump
Taxed on net profit. If you’re like 95% of wsbers you’re good
Didn’t realize people were actually hyping on SOLO, got one of those things in my shop right now, good luck on that one lol
Where did you hear that?
yea because wsb would know
[deleted]
I'm all in solo calls, guys. If Canada can print tendies with Shopify, they can make it work with Solo.
not impossible, but not ideal. u gotta do what you can with what you have though...

capital gains tax is 33% here
Fiberglass death trap for $20k. Pass
Every time I see that name I Want Kandi plays in my head
That doesn't mean she is leaving
[deleted]
Seriously? I was just kidding
[deleted]
A **position** is the amount of a security, commodity or currency which is owned by an individual, dealer, institution, or other fiscal entity. They come in two types: 

\- short **positions**, which are borrowed and then sold

\- and long **positions**, which are owned and then sold.
dont really know where you get that number from... fsd is improving massively
Help. Got exercised on a put  ITM that I bought Friday. So now I’m short 62 shares.. I guess I ruined my trade price. So should I just buy the shares at open on Monday or how do I
 https://twitter.com/AAIISentiment/status/1326888241405038592?s=20
So wait.. we getting stimmy or nah? Asking for a friends
[deleted]
Lol. Just going to agree to disagree. Good luck to you chap.
ty! and yes sure np, can definitely do these weekly in here. ;)
[deleted]
I thought NIO was the pharma company
Profit is profit.
Moderna hasn't released shit because their results are worse than pfizer
I served time for mentioning a politician
I'm gonna buy Kandi calls because even though it has a stupid fucking name it at least seats more than one person.
Find meaning in life
Si.
[deleted]
hopefully nobody steps on your car
First year trading, down 1k overall. assuming I have to claim my brokerage acct when filing taxes next year, does that go towards taxable income? How does that work? Also, do I get taxed on only gains I pulled out of my account? Someone’s gotta know here and before I start playing with big money I want to make sure I don’t put myself in a hole come tax season, thanks in advance
https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/b1p7fxpzylxgr5/A-Minority-Stakeholder-Wants-to-Take-Control-of-ARK-Cathie-Wood-Is-Pushing-Back
What’d you do?
https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/b1p7fxpzylxgr5/A-Minority-Stakeholder-Wants-to-Take-Control-of-ARK-Cathie-Wood-Is-Pushing-Back
Also known as end of August price. 4 months and zero return...
You have to send OP a picture of your ding dong for that.
Fuck, that cuts so deep. Dammit, came here for shits and giggles....
your life is only worth $1000
Ban for another 35 days
Didn’t Ackman hint that the company would be COVID proof? I don’t think AB&B is insulated from a second wave of lockdowns
So uh... Trump called the top yesterday but a pump today? Uh oh what do?
U a G bear?
Wrong.
Covid over winter is priced in, everyone knows shit is getting bad.

Optimism it'll be 'over' in the Spring is the new hype. Were you not here last Monday?

Look, I know puts make the most sense because it's absolutely stupid we're still at ATHs after this nonsense. The market will remain irrational longer than you can support your puts.
I smoke weed everyday for years. I workout 4-5x a week. 2020 has been my best year ever financially

don't generalize weed smokers my dude. it's a bad way.
Funny you say that, there is literally someone named "mega autist" who hang out on the discord often.
Just buy shares on what you’d like to actually own, sell covered calls when you’re feeling bear-curious.
Pandemic is overall bullish. We have too much of the boomer generation starting to retire and relies on healthcare and social security. They are not productive to the grand economy. The pandemic will lower future generations liability to take care of the old and increase GDP per capita. In terms of environment, overpopulation is the major cause for global warming. More people dead equals slowing of the greenpocalypse. The pandemic also is locking in the richest generation's money in their investments so they can't  sell, forever diamond hands.
Still at a loss if you count inflation
Everyday.. and i think it’s like alcohol
[removed]
I survived a whole 35 days with a ban on wsb
AMA
Solo
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sell everything and buy the Nio dip
Sounds like herpes
Lesson learned. Don't try to time the market. Just buy and hold s&p index ETFs, like VFV.TO, and forget about being a trader.
Learn from your mistakes. Make them trading rules. Don’t fucking break those rules. The last part is the hardest
What?
You still have a soul. 

That’s cute. Must be nice.
You'd think. It dropped on Biden's presidency announcement but stonks gapped up like never  before on Monday.

Clearly leaked vaccine news lol
Maybe the aliens are on their way now and giving them corona is a hail mary to save the human race?
thankfully the difference between solo and the robin is that there are two wheels in the front instead of the back
Can you tell me when Uber or Amazon became profitable?
Bro you do realize that a vaccine ready or not will not matter for the current wave? Imagine the logistics of getting that vaccine out and even if we do by the end of this year it goes only to healthcare workers, and elderly, those with pre-existing conditions first. This virus doesn't go away that fast.
Nope. I thought people were talking about INO this entire time until this week I realized INO was real.
Talk me out of buying nio with the 1000 $ I have left from my life savings
Puts on chinese stocks
[deleted]
It’s always one week after the fact lol
Gracias
Link?
You know why I don’t do my own DD? - If I lose money on my own DD I feel like I’m an idiot. If I lose money on WSBs DD I feel like we’re all idiots. 

*taps head*

Solidarity!!! What meme stock are we YOLOing on next week?
Haha same, been adding “read 10 books” to my New Years resolution every year, and still haven’t accomplished it
Isn't that a fact
OK Boomer.
Mods were deleting amazing DDs for the past few weeks and I kept on complaining about that. At times only 4 posts would make it through in 24 hours. Now you are doing the reverse. Are mods bipolar? if so invest in some lithium. it's good for your condition.
You’ll get it back!
If we all pile in solo, we will all break even. Market cap isn’t even half a billion. Wtf!
Because chicks with nice asses go places!
Nio..... ouch..... heard they were planning on delisting Monday due to them not wanting to comply with an American audit. Thanks donnie
Are u ok sir ?
Kill the aliens
WSB ruins anything it memes.
You guys ever see a fellow WSB’er feeling down and you type up this whole paragraph of good advice to try and cheer them up, only to delete it because it sounds 🌈 and lame and end up telling them to just yolo on NIO FDs dumbass and all your troubles will go away
Yep, 300 by year end or by Jan 2021.
SOLO is the ACB of the ev market. It'll probably soar on the backs of rh memers. Might be worth a call and dump, but it definitely seems like a failure of a company.

They're giant ev tricycles. 😂
You hear a loud whoosh go over your head?
Smart baby he/she knew better to deliver on a non-business day 😂👌🏻
Like Trevor Milton
Except that obvious bull flag on the chart
Bullish. Earnings will be 🔥
Yes
[deleted]
doesn't matter, Moderna vaccine announcement monday morning
[deleted]
To be fair the numbers then said it was a buy. Now it's just even more of a buy, the numbers haven't changed.

Thinking CCP would kill their golden goose is retarded - put the hurt on them for a bit so they know who is boss, sure but not materially damage their own investment.
This was hard for me to listen to the first time and how much I related to it was a brutal fucking wakeup, haha.  If any part of that 100k felt like that, if you ever refreshed the account balance page and felt this, gtfo fooorrrr suuurrree. And keep an eye out for what you replace this with, because consciously or not, you will try. 


https://youtu.be/HdE-BZoB9SA
I’m going with AirBnB still.. they keep delaying the ipo info for some reason
Woosh, quite a big difference. But glad you still ended with on a green note.
I bought calls on them too. They could improve and start memeing.
You guys are going to ruin the entire electric vehicle market somehow I just know it
Thanks!
I’ll just flip a coin
Wait where’s the news
Would a mod so kindly make my flair: No🌧No🌻’s
Short term top in NIO is in. Long term this could continue parabolic.
lmk what u think about it bro. also if ur into podcasts I'll take some recommendations as well. peace.
Like the first thing I said is “you’ve seen their losers now here are their winners” I wasn’t really hiding the fact I cherry picker their winners lol. It’s just so you can get both sides of the story. Their average is good as fuck cherry picking winners and losers doesn’t change that
[deleted]
Damn, was hoping to stave off market withdrawal with some CoD: Cold War for this weekend but wow what a terrible game. Hot garbage. Entire dev time should be canned and everyone refunded. No cap.
You're the first person I've met that doesn't like AMD long term.
Pride in your accomplishments 🤷🏻‍♀️
🎶If you ain't got no money take yo'broke ass home🎶


🎶You say: If you ain't got no money take yo'broke ass home🎶
First shitcoin then the stonk market watch it happen Monday
Back in June I got 10 C 1/15/ for cheap and a DD like this made me sell it too soon
No one has said it? POSITIONS OR BAN
I do think the market should be less complacent, but I am betting against the trend and losing because I am not following it. I'd hope we reverse on Monday.

Except "hope" is really silly. Oh well.
I love this so much. Kinda like a towelie video game
Where did you see that? I can't find anything
The sheer number of institutional investors on it right now tells you it’s gonna fly.  And real companies are actually going via spacs or direct listing cause it’s a better deal for them and investors
no
Bro. I’m not cheating on Papa. We have an open, polyamorous relationship. 


Papa hates 🌈🐻- not horny bulls.
Rotation from Nio to Solo. Let’s go!
How often do you drink coffee?
🏳️‍🌈🐻 BAN
[deleted]
You guys are making Heifei Municipal government filthy rich. Thank you ameritards, never seen greed of this level. Nio will not be profitable for at least another year. Their business model and branding strategy is born to not be able to maximize profit. They are basically a great design and sales firm whom gets the entire car oem. Mobile Eye fsd, CATL battery, JAC manufacturing and oem electric motor as well. It’s even worse than xpev
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
Want to see the inverse of NIO? Look at Supreme Cannibis stock on Google.
Buy 100 shares of something you'd like to hold long. Use them to sell covered calls, if they end up ITM your shares get sold for a gain. If you have some cash, sell some puts and if they resolve ITM you've bought the dip on your beloved. Rinse & repeat, thetagang is holding on steroids
Great! Would you be interested to make this weekly?
I bought nio at the top. I never sell unless its over -90% loss. Especially on paper. -wsb 101
dang i should try this
Of you have big money Tc2000 connects to multiple brokerages, other wise TD ameritrade is good. Big lack of brokerages that don’t fuck you though...
My TD, Schwab, and Robinhood accounts all got fucked by outages this week
wow cathy woods leaving ark
Seriously, SOLO meme potential is there.
[deleted]
bro in other countries they specificially say in job ads, must be a good looking woman to apply, or must be a good looking man to apply, even for an engineering job. ive sat down and read it in their paper

what if our economy crashes down to the dirt. here we are in north america with our heads firmly up our asses and weed is priority numero uno

its a bad way
What the fuck you talking about gay bear
Holy crap, imagine Musk has covid and he gives the astronauts covid and they get launched into space and release this virus out there? That's some next level I am legend stuff
>NIO can’t compete on scale with Tesla. They recently achieved a record monthly delivery of 3,740 vehicles while TSLA can do that in its sleep. Papa Musk is expecting monthly delivery of 30,000 units for Model Y alone.

it's kind of weird that you're making this argument, given that it's an argument people often use to say that TSLA won't be able to compete with Toyota, Volkswagen, etc.

Which is it? The little guy can't compete with the bigger guy, or the little guy can compete?
One day closer to work week dude
I’m in.
Shitcoin is fading. Nobody send aid.
I actually did call it. Closed the option on Thursday at share price ~$3.0.  
Edit: well its not really a call then, it was a ‘put’.
[deleted]
Bill Ackman made a super unique SPAC which is designed to prevent this from being a pump and dump, a pretty rare opportunity with a lot of upside and a max loss of ~16% at this price point
Someone is mad they missed out
Oxy dec11 14c for .25 just need moderna vaccine news ez 10 bag
Fidelity
Shhhhhh....close your eyes...
Meh, so long as you bought close to nav...the losses are limited. 

In terms of timing...I think covid has created a great opportunity for locating a target at a discount. 

I agree that a lot of people are going to be disappointed if it’s not stripe (and it likely won’t be stripe, imo). But, he will locate a profitable target for those who are invested, Im pretty confident about that.
Hmm i dont know, yould go to -93. Better not buy
How'd you get a screenshot of my account?!
Does wsb have the power to meme a stock?
damn how much did u invest into ur robinhood account? which stocks did u find most successful?
Yo i saw this website before but I cannot find it again. Anyone know the name or link?
Oof. Sorry for your loss, bro. Currently still holding my 150 LI shares ($39) and 66 NIO shares ($38.40). Let’s hope earnings of NIO will fuck Citron with a spiked dildo, like the 🌈🧸 he is.
[deleted]
Moderna will release vaccine news on Monday morning which will completely disregard any futures or weekend dow and take spy to 370+ then it will dump after but it won’t matter because we will all take our profits at 930
Bought ZM and AMZN shares on Friday
Take a shower so you won't sleep with that uncomfortable, smelly grime, which dirties up your sheets, making the sleep itself uncomfortable.  Just walking around filthy is uncomfortable by itself.

Brushing your teeth is self-explanatory, especially evident if you haven't done it regularly.

Standard of living, even down to smaller details, matters when feeling good.  And it will negatively affect you if you don't have/maintain it.
Let’s meme solo guys! !
This dude went and picked the ones they got right. This isn't Nikola you citron penis rider. This is chinese tesla.
Oh god Birdcoin
Citron already dropped it. You think they didn’t buy calls on the downtrend?
Did you see their 11.11 numbers? Home run baby
WSB Radio is a good idea
Gay bear alert boooo 
Booooo go home gay bear
[removed]
The first time I was at my dads house I got pulled out and my phone was dead and my truck broke down so I just pulled in the driveway so
Fucking hate that. Try to focus on life not being from birth to death, but rather from now to death. No point dwelling on the past in wasteful ways. The cliche saying "you won't be getting any younger" should be taken to heart.
Solo solo solo solo solo solo ... We print digitally
Ok I’m not crazy, by the wwe building near the Darien border right?
Sir, her boyfriend did.
50/50 chance lol
Based on the charts that don't actually predict anything
[removed]
Ok ngl $MU is looking super fucking sexy... someone do some DD on it... I’M KIDDING! I’ll spend all day tomorrow doing TA, reading the 10k, smoking meth, and running through the financials
11:00 am.  Time to go have brunch.  *cracks grapefruit whiteclaw*
Technical analysis and the fact that it’ll be a miracle if we get through sports ball season completely intact before vaccine is mainstream.  Too many games missed, my guess is that impacts betting, if only a little.
[deleted]
If you did, it's because you paper handed.
It dominates government Intel - Uncle Sam lets himself get raped on price for good products.

See: Raytheon, Lockheed, KBR etc

“Only” government contracts is a shit ton of money. Burocratic structures are super stiff, once one product is integrated it will continue to soak up maintenance and management contracts in the Billions for decades.
>Now ask yourself. Would you rather own EV with its own battery that you can just charge wherever, or would you rather buy one without a battery, and sign up for a subscription service where you have to swap the battery at one of its swap stations?

Look up "Gogoro". They use this model for electric scooters in Taiwan. It's incredibly popular.
Based
Wtf, spoilers
A Limon PowerPoint
This dude just straight up copied the Lemon’s bullshit report and pretended like he knew shit. Get out of here you melt
> Lifetime Fitness in our area is like a country club without the golf

Curious what do you like about it? Quick Google makes it look like a fancy university gym, looks like mine
[deleted]
[deleted]
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go\_(game)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game))
Most of mine are Jan and Feb. But my November 20 calls are starting to get scary, even if just 270 strike. 270 is very doable if BABA acts normal, but damn are those boys bleeding.
Did you buy that on the 370 dip?
Exactly, i am already seeing shared scooter companies building their scooter network with niu scooters here in Europe, niu already has a presence outside of Asia.
Go at your own pace. If that’s all you manage to get yourself to do today, then you still had a productive day because you did *something*
I think the sign is to buy Baba.  Stock is down and ready to explode up.
I'm already locked and loaded.
Anyone in healthcare stocks wanna convince me on TDOC? Keep hearing people talk about it but shits too complicated
So basically no one has ever lost money on NIO?
You can’t pay your debts if the debt holder can’t get a hold of you *points at temple
Nobody in Tesla investor club really bought nio man
For sure! But what do you think happens after the pandemic, do things go back to normal, or will gyms change forever?

I mean, a ton of people already have the equipment at home. Particularly those hardcore gym users, so are they going back?
well I don’t👏want👏none👏unless👏you👏got a 👏trust 👏fund 👏

baby got bank
This should be a welcome message to everyone that joins this subreddit.
No way.  I think it tanks initially and eventually spikes when they break up e conglomerate.   It’s not getting the proper multiple because of so much diversification.  

The company that owns it all died with GE.  People can own ETFs for that.  

At least that’s why I’m holding a chunk of the B shares.   The stock has been a dog the last few years.  The last month has been the best in a long time.
JCPNQ
Not sure how this matters but ok pump my calls lol
I have never lived there but a life-long friend does. He’s retarded.
Yeah, this.

It’s going to get their income trough contracts and subscriptions of their software. 
Sure, the first years it’s going to grow and could be a nice stable blue-chip in the future, but it isn’t a new TSLA or AAPL like a lot of people make about this company.
She is also funding her version of WSB plays with the move in. She's probably doing LEAP with you.
A broke autist could use another 50k to go even further into the autist relm.
If you find yourself going to stocktwits for confirmation bias, it’s time to close your position
On Monday morning all the people holding BABA are gonna wish they had JD.
https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2020/11/third-surge-breaking-healthcare-workers/617091/

I think bulls Friday were conveniently forgetting that our healthcare system in multiple states is fucked right now and the Covid wave hasn't even fully landed. Puts bro.
not in a week lol
I was about to post ‘this guy faks’ but you shot that down.
Almost covers the bank fees!
So I need to both buy and sell NVDA. Thanks, you’re a life saver.
I really don't know tbh.  Cathie Wood is upset but it seems like she gave them the option to do this earlier.  I guess we'll just have to see what they do with their holdings and go from there.
Yeah, I think Uber is on a long road to $0.  It’s funny that bulls hang their hats on them buying another money losing business (Postmates) and doing ok on a food delivery business that will fall off a cliff post CV-19.  

Also:  Prop 22 didn’t buy them anything other than getting back to where they were but a little worse.  Backdrop is that Fed action on employee classifications can still supersede Cal and blow them up in a hurry.  You got the driverless story exactly right, the winner(s) in that space aren’t giving away their new business model to Uber/Lyft.  

So in Uber/Lyft we see huge risks and an impressive cash bonfire in hopes of what reward, exactly?  

Did well on timed prop 22 Uber/Lyft calls and am looking for the right way to short now.  Might just go with trad shorts.  Don’t feel all that confident about timing and don’t want to pay a huge premium for long term puts.
[deleted]
Maybe try actually buying every other trade?
what do you wanna know retard
Positions? This is actually more impressive then a straight gain/loss
Based on what?
They aren't expecting it to appreciate
That’s what I’ve been saying. Meme potential very high plus had 187 million in volume yesterday.
NIO will be 100 in January
Cresco (my fave), green thumb, Trulieve, curaleaf, terrascend

There’s 5, all US based. 

Remember Canada doesnt get into the US market (excluding back door deals) without full federal legalization.
-92% in 1 day
How y’all feel about SE earnings?
isnt it impossible to trade in ireland cause of tax
Screw it just yolo and make tendies. Live the rest of your life as an autist.
[deleted]
Usually sleep in, watch shit on Youtube & Netflix, read reddit, go for a hike, ride my bike, get a headstart on work, hangout with a friend. Go the my local chinese buffett around 3pm to knock out lunch and dinner. I watch at least one movie every weekend. I've been trying to get back into reading, but the internet & smartphones has killed my attention span.
My specialty ;)
Plump lips are like a beautiful soft cushion. Not bashing your skinny lips fetish though.
What’s the best broker for fills that doesn’t dick you on commission
Ah yes WSB
What will be your signal to finally sell nio & xpev and a sign that bubble might be over? A - 20% drop?
Andrew Lemon Party is at it again
Why PSTH?

Loaded on PLTR
if CURRENT_YEAR then ALLOW degenerateBehavior420;

maybe they dont want a stoner dumbfuck working for them. people have lost fingers workin with those guys
Started by Peter Thiel, he’s a genius. That’s why the hype.
I wish I could buy calls on covid case numbers. I'd be rich af
You know black refers to...aw fk it continue your march for your Utopia.
Setting up for another leg down to around $20.  Bear flag, bear divergence, etc...

That said, this bear flag is huge and will take a while to play out, we might see $50 before we start to break down.
this is what i come to the weekend thread for. important question: is the H silent
[deleted]
Well done!
that was sneaky as fuck. gg
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/religionresearcher the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bingo!
Just hang out lol. Literally the best comment
Good game!
Could always be worse. Keep moving forward and no half measures.
This like saying don’t buy a Ford because GM exists.
You can do blown and alcohol
BA Bagholder here and I approve this message
God speed
We need to make this. I think it can work in Europe.
They call us autists but I really think we’re just secretly Genus
[removed]
Yeah it’s my top holding rn and I’m Lowkey worried lmao is this bad or what? I personally wish this didn’t happen.
As I understand it, you're mad that there's more competition in the market, leading to dilution of your tesla tendies.

Throwing out the whole pro-tsla arguments that tsla's not over valued, and that it's a tech/energy company? Even Papa Musk says that their true goal is not EV. 

I see TSLA's going bullish. Not many even shitting on Tsla at all, but they're definitely shitting on anyone stepping into EV space.   


FUCK YOU BITCH!  
Positions: NIO calls, Nio Shares, Tesla Shares.   
Confirmation bias thanks to you. Sell tsla shares at profit, move over to NIO.
Solo EV is ugly but it has more meme potential than Nio... it could meme like Pton when  all the Beckys start buying
You’ve never used quick fix?
If you haven't already ditched them, that's probably a 9 month write off you're holding right now. 

P.s. look at all these vaccinated retards downvoting me... "Go long pharma, bro"
So that means they’re expecting a dump?
The pump is over. The shills are out in full force trying to preserve it though.
It will be a pump and dump, the company has never poster a profit since it was started. The only thing keeping it up are government contracts.
Someone is salty lmao ok
Life is short man. Coming to terms with the fact that you fucked up a majority of it is so, so tough.
They called PTON to $5 back in November last year.
Mobileye, Shopify, Tesla, ...
So whenever he exhales, it's followed by a minute of coughing?
BYD, NTES
I am in puts too but believe me we will gap up.

Dow is usually red on Saturdays but green on Sundays.
Look how delayed the cabinets fall. The kid was also jabbed in the stomach with the elbow and instantly fainted? He kept the same position with his hands and body the entire time. He also recoiled from the hit BEFORE he was even hit. 

It just seems so fake to me. I even think the cabinet falling was scripted because a piece of table cloth hitting against it shouldn’t cause it to fall the opposite direction.
So how many years of your life did you cut short with this?
I think WMT, TGT, HD, and LOW will all do well.

I'm curious about TJX and ROST, and whether they're seeing much recovery in sales.
This is going to end well
Think so !?
Pltr not gonna past $16?
Puts on your freedom
Years*
Full lockdown in Austria. Bullish on PTON
I was banned and never got flair
Snowboarding, doing outdoor shit, maybe go on a date and get poon. Study charts and get ready for futs for Monday AM
PSTH is gonna disappoint a lot of retarded speculators. Ackman isn't some genius. He was right like once, he's had lots of terrible losses. He mistimed the spac boom and real companies don't need a spac to go public.
I've had posts with positions banned because the mods didn't like the ticker.
You lost $200k ?
Nio IS working on new 150 battery. Read it in China daily but can’t find the link.  
Instead: [100 battery](https://www.google.com/amp/s/cleantechnica.com/2020/11/11/nio-announces-100-kwh-battery-choice-plans-buyers/amp/)
BRK.B
Pokémon go?
All the ev plug to finally get to the Corsair play. Nice
Probably both because retard strength.
NIO 60c
Uncle what's going on?
u could be rich or the expire worthless let's see
If you didn’t realize tendies come from a Wendy’s you may think breaking even is wsb ‘balanced’, but you’d be wrong. I thank you to realize he should yolo for the win, because stonks only go up.
The turkey rally 😂
[deleted]
Why cause the group taking over the majority?
When did u buy these calls?
[deleted]
Ban
Weekend Dow Futures are Negative. 🐻🌈 Not by much, but I'm in puts so fuck you.
https://gfycat.com/astonishingcostlycamel
for Nio? cause SPY going to ATH! I hope... or at least plummet to 340s to save my -90% puts rofl
[deleted]
Already started loading up. It’s not going down from here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6loNXj3LSaw&ab_channel=CNBCTelevision

Alex Karp rocking the mad scientist look
Wealthy white students just had all their debt paid by their parents immediately lol. This is the only group that it would absolutely not help...

It’s a major sign of status in the 1% where you can afford to brag to your colleagues that your children are going to be debt-free after graduating from an expensive college.
What makes you think we’re past lockdowns?
I think now that people can work from home the idea of having a big dog in an apartment is going to get more appealing because if you're home 24/7. There's plenty of opportunity to walk your dog just tell your boss I'm walking my dog on Skype
Hear me out:

Kirby spin-off but he’s high AF.

Herby
ill also accept `irelands biggest loser`
Toronto is pre cool, if ur coming from NYC basically the same but cleaner. Housing is def overpriced but overall a dope city ngl
It’s actually super toxic. Just incells that don’t even trade spamming memes.
Lmao mangoes taste bitter in the winter
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is Arkk fuk now?
it seems oddly personal at times
well of course! he got re-infected... its like doing something once and saying oh not so bad! I'll do it again!
Imagine buying a stock at ATH after a 20x rally and complaining that some dumbass analyst is shorting it.

You FOMOd. Take the L.
Stimmy pump. There ain't shit getting done about no stimmy.
> bull r fuk

> bear r fuk

> bull r fuk

> bear r fuk
Etobicoke is a good compromise yes. Never lived there myself but many friends and colleagues swear by it. Fairly affordable and still a quick 20min hop to core. Much better than Scarborough imo.
Blow off top incoming. Hold on retards it's about to get real weird.
I’m doing this exact strategy and it’s been easy money. Still a good premium on weekly. I don’t really care if I get assigned because I like the outlook for the long term. May also buy a 2023 leap 20c
WHAT? The day trading course I bought for 1,000$ said I will make money!
Sell calls after an unusual spike . Sell puts after an unusual dump. Close them out after their profitable
Not gonna lie... you had me in the first half
What’s hard to believe is how Republicans gained seats in Congress, but lost the Presidency.
https://www.reddit.com/user/ZappBug/comments/iko8z0/save_infested_furniture_luggage_toys_and_more/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Congratulations on the gf sex
Insider sell/buy ratio is the highest it's ever been on the SP500.

They are selling the bags to all the tards. Use this information as needed
I will do the opposite of this I learned the hard way I HATE NIO
Cannabis is God’s gift to mankind
This is why I need to do an Epic Post.  For simplicities sake, there are Big Producers and Junior Explorers/Developers.  When the 'launch' in Silver prices happens next, it should be huge and fast (stimulus will be the next huge catalyst).  Most Investors will gravitate to the larger names - and they have Options (I own LEAPS on all).  AG, FSM, CDE, HL and PAAS are the names to own. For Juniors, the issue is that most of these trade on Canadian or Australian exchanges.  I have an IB account to make WW trading easier.  Here are 7 to buy Monday AM - Abraplata at 34.5c.  Mountain Boy at 36.5c.  Strikepoint at 19.5c.  Kootenay at 43c.  Alianza at 12c.  Klondike at 7c. Argent Minerals at 5c.  Only a few are tradeable OTC/Pink Sheets and are less liquid. FYI, the Junior Mining ETFs are garbage.
You don't have to do anything. Just put all 100k into SPY (buy shares) and let it sit. And you will probably get closer to 8% than 5%. But just make sure to not take it out when the market does good. You will make more it you let it sit and just let it be then if you take it out in a few months. 

Watch this video, he goes over what I am talking about, but he presents a lot more research and is a lot more specific about how you should do it and why:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDHtXXApfbc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDHtXXApfbc)
Why is Amazon trying to nickel and dime me over some bull returns? I remember a time when questions were not asked and money was thrown around at any customer complaint.
TSLA = plastic car company with autist CEO
At least Sunday is one day closer to Monday, when markets open again lol
BS if the last 5 months are any indication of that
r/whoosh
It really is if you know anything about the market
Canada huh. Then you should be lucky you don't have trump as your Pres.
Yes
Calls
[deleted]
Monday opens 370 duh
cause ill do it
Do you need an AED?
With new covid restrictions only 1 person will be allowed in cars at a time. Stock poised to hit ATH
[removed]
I will always pick [this car](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cb/Nio_ES6_005.jpg/1200px-Nio_ES6_005.jpg) over  [that car](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1724/5219/files/tesla-model-y-interior-satin-black-dash-trim-steering-wheel-xpel-paint-protection-center-console-wm-1_605dedf9-3116-4bd5-bd6d-928e8cb0998b_1600x.jpg?v=1592353848). Why? Because I already own an iPad and don't need a second one clued to my dashboard.
DIAMOND HANDS
Why are so many people hyped for this company exactly?
China doesnt care, if you really think china supports nio more ur delusional
[deleted]
Treat this as a very expensive lesson and get out of options trading. Good luck
> stimulus ~~bill back on table~~ talks going well (.exe)
Trump - "Congress must now do a Covid Relief Bill. Needs Democrats support. Make it big and focused. Get it done!"

More bullshit or more Stimmy pump?
Imagine making 200k in a month? Yeah that’s how long it takes me to lose it
use a proper broker like Interactive Broker, not this trash TD that cannot even execute a stop limit or stop market order properly. this garbage also crashes frequently. their server cannot handle 10 people trying to sell stonks at the same time. I lost like 10k on just trying to cash out my calls.
Overvalued assets is the literal definition of a bubble, I heard here be retards, but damn, did I find a specimen.
Legit! Keep it up. It’ll change your life, as I’m sure you already know!
You’re a fucking retard & mods ban him now
Wouldn’t know. Went blind in 1998 from - you know...
Is your wife’s boyfriend there for the big day?
how much do i have to lose get the flair `fo sho`
I said something about a certain fruit man, got banned and i now have this blue prisoner number next to my name tf
Ark are idiots like us lol they invest in hype and hope that they would manage to pull out before shit falls hard lol
FINALLY MODS ACTUALLY SUPPORTING GOOD DEE DEE, GOOD MOVE
stimulus bill back on table
THERES A FUCKING DISCORD ? there goes the remaining 20% of my life and attention
Scooters would be easy AF to export, too. Hard for the US to declare Chinese scooters to be national security threats in order to ban them. Western countries won't want to manufacture such low-margin machines, anyways, otherwise they already would. The stock pitch becomes: world EV 2-wheeler product domination.
>go to WSB daily thread

>command+F "ROKU"

> 0/0 results

deep sigh of relief and continue to hold half a million in calls.
PDD, BIDU are a couple
Lol wtf?
[removed]
Why do I feel I’m the supreme being who crashes a stock ? Any time I buy, the fun is over.
Subsidized by governments at bottom barrel prices...
FNKO
Nio nio Nio nio Nio nio Nio nio Nio nio 🚀🚀🚀🚀
sooo puts but how long out? ending next week or 27th
[deleted]
I don’t see 130k anywhere. Ban.
Kissimmee?
[deleted]
Yesterday someone said he bought calls for 0.3 and they went to 0.7 so I guess he made money of fit. Said he is willing to hold for the pop of the acquisition half or something lol
Nah, just gonna pay it off like I do every month.   I had that shit down to 4k but this month I don't even know what I bought
Watching Avengers Endgame, and damn does the ending get me. I hate getting old man.
[deleted]
Hmm... Morgan Stanley just bought a ton of GME. Wondering what this might mean...
This is the way
What if everyone drives a SOLO EV. 🙃
Musk is going to bitch slap the cheaters again with a rocketship straight to 500ish by end of year 👋
PDD
#NIO 75c 11/26
YouTube “theta gang wsb”
[deleted]
Good luck with your job hunt
Can’t deliver my msgs fuck you
[deleted]
I have 250c 6/18/21 so I'm sitting pretty
That's then beaming the signals to manipulate you into buying what they they selling. Putsssss
[deleted]
You can always get yourself banned, that would give you flair of your ban date

Why do want one
[removed]
this is fucking glorious
You're here. confirmed.
Hahahaha it’s a goofy ass car, but as someone said on here previously, it’ll have its corner of the market, no doubt!
What lead to such conclusions
Seems like it might be a success in the metropolitan Japanese market.
Positions?
[deleted]
*years
[removed]
Yes and I answered your question above, it does have some correlation...
[deleted]
Fair enough
Someone from theta gang teach me
lol remove the battery if that's the case
[deleted]
Solo is a golf cart
increasing cases = bullish! = more stimmy
Mods, reply to this comment with “ok” if you are gay and want to have sexual relations with Brenden Frazier.
Ok but I asked if it had correlated to the stock market at anytime recently. That was my main question. Yes it has dipped a bit today but it dipped more right before going above 16000. Im not in it just confused about your original comment
Hey im not a fanboy of the whole "EV scene" but just curious what Elons dick tastes like? or do you deep throat so far that you really dont even taste it?
What do you think this is
If this was a casino you'd be "provably" fair
Nio is going down to 30 isn't it
This is all sound logic but the market will still continue pumping the shit out of it.
The point is that it’ll make you feel a little better. I had to get sober to get a grip on my depression. Before that I was just constantly spiraling. Little by little I pulled myself out of it.
[deleted]
Msft has been good to me

I keep buying in at 200-210 and selling at 215-220
[deleted]
I am once again asking for flair
Ya I'll get rid of my 5g devices too
The weekend DOW fell 22% already though
The shill army is growing, not looking forward to the state of reddit in one, two, five years
Imagine using any fundamentals on TSLA and NIO.

This board is truly retarded.
lololol
Toronto, been around and active in real estate. Just sold investment property downtown this month.

I’d recommend Toronto proper or nothing. Most recently living in Leslieville, highly recommend. Hamilton and sauga are pretty shit, would consider Kitchener/Waterloo if looking for a burb.
Nope. I don’t think so. The dip happened Thursday.
getting super high, play video games and shitpost on here
Options will get bled out

Bet
No. Look at the charts plus earnings report Tuesday
Just buy a new battery?
Which alz patient
[removed]
“She said my name during sex. My whole name. Sounded like I was at the DMV.” 😂😂
Or JWN the safer Macy's.
Thiel would join in with the shorts. Guy is a major cuck.
Yeah im getting impatient out here with my psth
[deleted]
EDU 😎
you say its going poorly, than bamb! talks going well.

\-5 to 1 = 6 pts of gain!
There's no moat beyond some network effects I guess
Not sure but I'm taking every precaution and doing blow 3 times a week
[https://chess.org/play/e3d8f82d-d3fb-42c8-b4d3-9ab482002506](https://chess.org/play/e3d8f82d-d3fb-42c8-b4d3-9ab482002506)
This meme is the best thing that came from 2020 hands down
Are you on commission or salary in citron?
What bonds are you talking about. How are you making your predictions? I'm more confused
nice
>PFE 

>Moon

That’s like asking GE to moon. It’s a behemeth hedge fund focused on pharmaceuticals.
I mean a good smell of your last meal partially digested is always a bonus. Try eating so much edibles that your poop smells like weed. That's a hard explaination to your boss that uses the stall afterwards.
\#insidertrading
They specifically said they're charging for a profit each dose they sell since they're a public company.
Bought a number of SOLO 7.5c 3/19/21 yesterday without even looking up anything about the company. 

Now i see that they are not only canadian, but they also make cars with three damn wheels. Fuck.

Watch my calls print though
Try arepas! It’s corn stuffed bread, you can fill it with anything that’s salty and super easy to make. Google how to do it, the corn flour can be found in almost any supermarket on the latino or international aisle
Cash is king until Santa rally 👍
Imagine if a mini cooper or VW bug collision would almost certainly be fatal?

Welcome to Solo EV
Monday gonna be big green then turnaround Tuesday is gonna fuk so many perma bulls
For fucking real man, my account is in a medically induced coma right now
jesus you going to be rich! I only got 360s lol
Yeah thats a huge promotion. Best thing you can do right now is learn from this and stop gambling / playing options.
[deleted]
BABA boys our time will come soon enough have no fear fellow retards
[deleted]
Instagram models on the way to fuck b list celebs
It's not hard to believe that was the better option
SEC was investigating madoff and we all know how that went :P
Don't tease me like that bro 😩
Get out of options and just buy stock.
[deleted]
I don't have friends or family, so I feel qualified to answer this. I usually just work away my weekends, and enjoy the shit out of my Sundays by getting high and watching football almost all day.
I have made only $2200 in the past 6 months from $6500. How do I get to here?
I’m sure his lungs and heart were in tip top condition with his life choice!! ;)
[deleted]
I'm game to try a game
Traveling outside your hometown is a way to weed out poor people, homebodies, and lazy people
true true, NIO the second cumming!
Do theta gang man. Sleep better. 100% most time.

Debit spreads are where it is at.

Buy RKT 18c and sell 22c on down days and you should be straight.
Gonna load up on shares this year.  Will prolly be a couple hundred bucks within 5 years.
Isn’t that why people eat tide pods?
alr after my pton play im gonna hop into psth positions. stripe seems like SQ
Many bubbles... In other words foam. Foam is nice and fuzzy. Hence the market is like a relaxing bath, you can just lay down, enjoy. You can even pee without going out... I know you know the feeling. 
U like my fundamental analysis?
I just read charts...
[removed]
[removed]
How!?
PSTH better be good
Yes dude of course there is a chance. Nothing is certain. 

Long term growth growth seems all but inevitable at this point, but no one knows the path the candlesticks and graph will take to get there.
Well the subscription service can be risky, but you mentioned the disadvantages only mr musk. 

1.It takes less time to swipe a battery instead of charging it for a few hours

2. More money income

3. Who do you thing China is supporting more?
Civ 2 gold is the jam and jelly
🥴
[deleted]
Relax, play vidya, work on cars, drink beers, watch sports ball, yard work, house work, grocery shopping, tons of stuff to do my guy
You can see the exact point he discovered options/penny stocks
What's your price target?
It won't reach those level. And that's coming from someone with thousands of shares.

This sub is too bullish for MM to pump that high money into it. Remember SNAP when yall all out on Puts on it at 34? Always inverse WSB. PLTR 15P 2/19/21.

Once your calls expired, then let it not just moon but shoot to Alpha Centuari!

>she got child support on payroll.

Tell her about the stock market, new investment income stream for you to lose big on
laziness is the mark of a smart man

it means you want to conserve your energy, think of energy as an immaterial form of money, except you have a limited amount, and then you die

yes, hard work is admirable. mow your lawn, rake your leaves, whatever. build a thing, feel like a man.

but when it comes to the office? if you can get more done in 1 hour than others can in a day, covet that talent like a secret weapon.
You could’ve also easily purchased Macy’s 5 years ago and lost it all.
Waiting for this hourly bullish divergence to start playing out in the daily charts...
Ahh good to know. I sold puts on BA a while ago but have since closed them. I'm still bullish long term but I probably wouldn't buy in (or short them) for now.
i fuck with this guy. 2.19 25c's here though.
Cause girls in comfy travel pants / Leggins are hot af
the friday EOD action super bullish! rocket up 0.5% and a slow sell off eod to a 0.1% pump on the last candle. Monday going to be super green! Prob sell at open tho
I think it might, but with earnings, I figured it might get it's morning bump every day
Clean your desk. Then maybe your room. Might as well vacuum a bit. Maybe organize your closet and clothes. Ah fuck it, clean your PC and phone of junk.

Say to yourself “I will only do this small task” instead of “I have to do this large task”. Set yourself up for success.
I got drunk. Ill probably clean. Apply for jobs.
[deleted]
Keep acquiring.  Coronavirus is what's dragging it down.  Outstanding elections results.  You'll be a happy camper in 2022.
I've got a friend or two that might contest that theory strongly.
But they'll be selling hundreds of millions of doses.   They will be making $$
You may not for all I know... but my depression used to make me lazy as fuck.
I will just take profits before earning its free money
This market is retarded so I just have 3k shares in PLTR and 3k shares in PSTH... sitting on 50k for a major dip to buy 😴
Sundays when everything is closed around here are the worst.
Tesla is already at close to 400B market cap so the growth potential is slow compare to NIO. Look at the price action after the battery day, Q3 earning etc. It's no longer moving the way once it did. It's mostly became a daily pump of $10-20 and then dump it all before market close.

People care about their money, NIO stock price is raising, a lot of people can afford a $40-50 stocks easily compare to a $400 stock.

TSLA was almost stagnant for over 5 years and looks like it's going to be stagnant for another long period.
Okay so let me re word that. Everyone who wants to immigrate wins. But only people with a certain type of debt wins with student loan forgiveness. It should just be debt forgiveness if we are just going to give away money. That way anyone who has debt gets some sort of help
And I’ll never be either 🤡
[deleted]
Here me out china the new FANG. We got JD, BABA, NIO . What are the other big names and we need to make a name.
[deleted]
lol being fat isn't a medical condition :) its a life choice hhahaha
[deleted]
LULU my guy, every ass looks good in a pair of LULU’s.
Theranos would like a word. Also Enron, WorldCom, and about a million others I cant remember. Fraud is fraud. It happens everywhere.
Is it true you can't get COVID if you take cocaine?
MY MOMS DEAD
Thoughts on DKNG?
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [**2021-11-14 16:52:43 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-11-14%2016:52:43%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtt0is/ayro/gc9k8bo/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtt0is%2Fayro%2Fgc9k8bo%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-11-14%2016%3A52%3A43%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtt0is)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
Stupid plane reveal
"what are you fucking poor?" Should have been the end of that video
The best part about the WSB discord is that it opens your discord notifications up to a flood of bot scammers in your DMs
[removed]
Some people have friends
RemindMe! 72 hours
Good thing I sold my TSLA shares to go all in on the Chinese EVs. Far bigger market and far less fucks given in term of quality and environmental impact
RemindMe! One Year
I hope it won't be us with NIO in the 40-50s lol
Depression can do that... take a shower, brush your teeth, eat a decent meal and go for a walk. Sometimes just doing something-no matter how small-is a big accomplishment.
Me neither. At least take out a couple of million - you're basically set for life then - and you can leave a million to play with.
Etobicoke. It’s dope.
You lost money to inflation
Because they won’t make any money on the vaccine.
It’s a boomer stock that pays a very good dividend
thanks man, really appreciate the positivity right now. In serious need of a pick me up. I have a promotion lined up for end of year, hoping to get a 25% raise from that.
[deleted]
It looks like you only made $12.

But if you consider the number of years you lost of your lifespan due to stress will translate into hundreds of thousands of USD is cost avoidance.

Also many of us would love to be up over 2017 levels so nice work.
I bought 100 NIU a month ago and am up 13%. I'm riding that shit to the moon. Might buy more Monday.
You do realize that in stark contrast to nkla, nio actually produces actually working cars...
lol at the guy underneath u😂
[OG meme](https://youtu.be/1wnE4vF9CQ4)
wondering what people do on the weekends if you don’t have family? Like what is the meaning of weekends
[removed]
they didnt?
That’s why he’s also out of employment
He might. Maybe go mail a letter to the SEC extolling their investigation of Citron.
Hmm maybe I’ll look into it too
Years ago on a MU earnings call WSB went radio silent.  I loaded up discord and let’s just say... it’s **really** hard to follow the conversations.
[deleted]
I still hold AMD stock because I bought 2000 EUR worth of it in 2015(2014?) I believe when they hyped their CPU'S and GPU's.

Either way I had some spare cash and was planning on moving to another country and I thought it will be quick buck. Anyway stock didn't collapsed, I still had enough money so I though what the heck, lets keep the stock surely one they they should bring something competitive.

Today that 2000 EUR "investment" I've made in 2014 or 215 if worth around \~50k.
Morgan Stanley bought 1.7 Million Shares ($20 Million) of GME according to their latest 13F.

Hopefully they know something GME Gang currently doesn't.
First - flair me ⛈ will pass 

I want: *Hugh Jwon*
Are you me!!!
It was down as much as 4% and there's still a lot of time left in the weekend during which it'll print least 15300 you do the math
Good job brother, that’s what I’m talking about
When your newborne son has downs
Keep your head up, you will make plenty of $ in your lifetime. Focus all your effort and time on your job and get promotions.  You will replace this loss ten fold and just put it in stock, etfs, or mutual funds.
Only thing better than being ace trader is pro golfer
Why didn't PFE moon after the vaccine announcement?  Really strange to be solving the biggest crisis in modern times and not really add much value to the company.
[deleted]
Stare at buttons and hit screens for entertainment
Sorry what’s profitability?
[deleted]
You can do it yourself with an at home kit for like $10
Uh, cool dude
think about it

you risk to trade all that money and come to WSB for financial advice.

just let that sink in
Put 15k in Raytheon shares.   Hold.     

Then im going to need you to wait until Monday. See if baba dips below 257 if it does no play. If it stays at 260 im going to need you to yolo 4k on dec18 270 calls.  Pt 283
The shittiest "big city" in the OECD. Salaries 30-40% of NYC while cost of living is 80% of NYC. No culture. Downtown getting worse by the day. But ok it's a significant improvement over Dhaka or Delhi.
lol :) we going back to ATH!
Tesla started in 2006. Just bc Nio can’t make as much cars now doesn’t mean they never will
Autist DD: China big country, JD big company, JD earnings will be good. Positions: All In JD $80 calls 11/20
Judging by that ECG I think you might have ventricular fibrillation
https://youtu.be/SYc6QmaGnYc

Still appropriate....
Sold over 50, saw the trend ;) No more EV's every again took to much watching
Holy fucking erection
Gl borseph
Why?
Random: I’d like to see citron shorting PLTR. 
  
Then watch Thiel end them. =]
:o in my example, only immigrants benefit

Still missing the point lol
TQQQ is the tech only variant
$PLTR fan boi here, 2.19 24c are my go to right now... have some 30c also, but not as confident those will print but if COVID tracing deals start falling, fuck ya. also, soros group added 18.5M shares, JPM added 18.5M shares, ARKW added 1M shares on friday after earnings on thursday. there might me a small sell off monday to 15.50, but will go to 17.50 by EOW minimum. ER was really optimistic about the future and up'd guidance for end of year and 2021. New product was talked about a lot. Don't be stupid, do you DD. Morgan Stanley is a gay bear.
If you bought AMD 5 years ago you could have multiplied your money by ~50x without looking at charts, reading news, or reading stupid "investing" forums full of retards like here
play Starcraft
[removed]
[deleted]
lol if NIO is the one, he will rise again
I’m betting it hits $300 by mid Dec
"""Invested"""
Kicking Horse
I’m not sure you’ve read the story.
[deleted]
Hot hand fallacy
What the day you are looking at this morning and then you can come over to your house to get a little more money for the house 🏡 lol 😂 just got a
[deleted]
Great restraint. May you become wealthy in other ways.
I saw a few posts about it on here so to be honest my source is actually terrible
America's policy has been fuck china since the 19th centurey. Suddenly America and France aren't the only countries with a backyard, China now has one. The trade war is a sham and is 100% about the fact China is getting more expensive to do business with and the nation is developing beyond a third world shithole that America can no longer control and make its bitch. The US doesn't care about islamic genocide or dictatorships because historically they supported both. Nobody cares about the CCP because of human rights abuse, the country has been at odds with Russia and China since WW2.
Gotta chase that high.
Some should start a r/wisdomofwives

My wife says Elon has daddy issues.
These financial losses will hurt more than a razor scooter to the shin
[deleted]
MODS
There is exactly one condition in which things will be okay, and that is when you don't gamble anything you can't afford to lose.
You're special
[deleted]
I just got a call from my sister and she said she would like a ride back to the house and I would probably just park on her
[deleted]
It's called Alibaba, there has to be some magic left in it right?
It’s all down hill from here.
Bro.. it’s a PRELIMINARY REPORT
How did you miss Friday? I was in tears I bought at all time high like a moron
How do eat your turds? With silverware or pick it up with your hands?
Okay, so everybody is now informing me that they are not big data. They make basic software to sort through data, almost like when you programme an excel spreadsheet to sort through a lot of lines. Like that? Open source basics? Just a basic software company?
We had a “healthy” 13 year old pass from covid in a town near me. The kid was so obese it was insane. I just can’t imagine letting your kid get that fat. But that certainly had no contribution. Healthy as can be.
NIO one down day, and the scam DD is coming out. Same people who would tell you NKLA was a good investment a few months ago.
[deleted]
Advice like this is how you lose everything.
AMC funded 100 billion by us government to provide home entertainment to all households during lockdown
Lol @ you guys playing chess. Real men play Go
Nice
Completely different. If they wanna delete 25k of debt for everyone I say go for it. Just don’t limit it to people with student loans. In your example everyone benefits. In the student loan situation only those who have decided not to pay a loan they signed up for benefit.
Fuck it dude I’m in.
I think it got stuck
I hope so. I can’t complain though since I got in pre split during the initial pandemic crash lol
This SPY 3 month head and shoulders (knees and toes) pattern has been way too obvious for some time now and now on top of all the fundamental negative possible catalysts going into next week, it is too obvious and contrarian in me really wants to inverse this, something a bit ridiculous sounding like 370c or even 375c.

Although this time around, i ended up placing weeklies at the most obvious or in current case, way of least resistance seemingly, which is 352p. Very interesting to see, how it plays out next week.
What the heck do you think you are still on here for, the only way you could get that orange man is in a black bag and the other ones are in a black hole
It did quite a bit this year until it ran wild the past several weeks but I've been seen some connection back to it this week, either way I don't use it as an indicator just thought I'd mention it
Mad stupid play by me BA puts 😢 EOD yesterday
Is that trumps signature?
Positions? Are you just buying shares or calls
Start by just doing something. Get up and do something don’t even think about it just do it. More stuff you do the more motivated you’ll feel to do other stuff
How much would it cost to bleach my asshole?

Uh, asking for my girlfriend
What didn’t you like about their earnings report?  847M of their reported 861M net loss stemmed from employee stock expenses following their direct listing.  They’d have been profitable otherwise.
Do it bro!! Toronto downtown is not much different from Manhattan but it's much cleaner, safer and without the smells. The suburbs are super nice, just gotta choose one near to work like Mississauga or Brampton or York
Is it though? Honestly since I've been following it and the market I haven't seen much of a correlation. Also is it really shitting itself? It's a minor dip.
Hold my 🍺
This is the way
Well didn't it
Anyone take a dump and it looks and smells like pulled pork but taste nothing like it
Praise be to the market
Worth it to try delta neutral positions on Tesla and profit off of volatility?  IV is currently extremely low for Tesla and will probably go up.
Wait, you ppl know what those cryptic letters mean?? Thought you just buy XYZ and wait until it goes up or down?
You retards don’t understand. This guy is saying it right. It’s not about talking a stock down or anything, but if you read about China’s market regularities, there is room for a lot of fraud that we just don’t have here in the US. If you made profit, then take it. Don’t keep holding this down the road because it can go to shit in any day
No, the same institutions do it all the time the other way such as jp Morgan releasing their OPINION and valuation and where they think its worth it. You can do the opposite as well. They also do it for market manipulation, again not illegal, because when you have that much volume why not push the market in ways that helps you.

The only time it is illegal is if the statements you are making are LIES about the companies to try and manipulate stock prices. Something elon musk and tesla do all the fucking time but somehow arent punished for.
finally back from the shadow realm jesus this place has been dying
You’re a hunter, not a lover. And lazy.  
Fooking takes effort and - ideally - skill.
  
It’s ok, embrace your nature. We can’t all be alpha.
Nice, take care my man. I Just got back the Money i Lost months ago. The market Is not so good but im still fighting
?
This guy climbing out of the abyss to break even. I feel that. God speed, fellow retard.
APPLE FEB 125c is the way
Still up $12 tho.

Mod that autist
How do you know the price is low?
It’s illegal
I can see a big rotation out of nio and into tesla after they take most of the market share
Is it though? Honestly since I've been following it and the market I haven't seen much of a correlation.
That’s why it’s so great
Same thing when jacking off.
im sorry to hear that friend, I hope you're able to find what you need
I don’t have any money for you but I’m gonna go back up north get some stuff done before you go back on the highway and then I’ll be home
JD and SEA
[deleted]
360nostonk
You gotta up that leverage bro! Let’s see some 5/21/21 25c’s.
Where can I get a heart transplant?
Dave Ramsay the type of guy to tell a 20 year old to go 100% bonds.
Big pp options almost always bought at delta of one. Check that against ur average play
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hey don’t stress, you will have many more opportunities to loose money again. We will see you again with another loss porn! Just when you think you are out, it’s just the beginning! Have faith, This is the way ✊🏻
Pokemon is a much safer investment. When is the last time you saw Charizard on the Disabled list, or suspended for PEDs?
Good analysis. 

But that make take a while to happen. 

Follow price action.
[deleted]
What is this place for? The only one I have is the name of Jesus Christ lord of the holy Christ. The market has also made a huge impact on the markets of the north stock exchange and its stock market has been in the sun
It’s *tech-heavy* not just tech
Bro you still have more saving than most 25 years old. Learned to be a boomer and buy shares.
Yes you should. Sell your VOO to buy SPY, and wipe out the tax load from VOO.
Grand exchange be popping
The subscription service sounds dumb but is also a reoccuring source of revenue which is also bullish. You could say the same thing about windows products, apple music, etc when they first came out as subs but its just free money once you hook the customer into your eco system.
[deleted]
Nice try Musk but NIO to 💸$💯💰
I'm mocking people that got wiped out over 1 "report"
Some of it is they actually have a superior product but if ur asking if I think their valuation is reasonable I’m saying fuck no
Who knows how much they lost before hitting it big
im too lazy to read. what happened?
The greatest Mongoloid of them all
PLTR 2/19/21 15c
PLTR 5/21/21 17.5c
PLTR 11/19/21 20c

IWM 2/18 150p

See you on the moon
[deleted]
yes, definitely some solace in that.
Mine are in Indiana. Not in a major city, but a good sized city of 200k+ people. I don't expect any crazy 2x appreciation, but I get a reliable 3-5%/year. Towns like this with good school districts and affordable housing make for great rental markets.

Your repair costs depend on how old everything is when you purchase the property. My cheapest property had a 30 year old furnace, so that was a $2,000 replacement within the first year. I bought a different (and more expensive) property that had just been remodeled with all new mechanicals, and I haven't spent a dime in repairs there in two years. I try to seek out properties where the big ticket items like roof, windows, HVAC, plumbing/electrical are as new as possible.
Looks like ur having a MI
Lmao
You're tossing the rest of the WORLD against one country lol. Fuck out of here. Yeah. I fucking hate China. Their national policy is 'fuck the West for the Century of Humiliation' and their business integrity is an oxymoron. Unlike most people, I've had to do business with China rather than just buy shit meme stocks.
[removed]
More buying power than the fellow autist has as their whole net worth
[removed]
I got 20 $365 lmao $5 each
Did... did it work? Maybe?
It’s the inverse of foot n mouth bear. Where have you been?
AMD is excellent to hold long. This year it just behaves this way where it snaps to a price range then chills there until Wall Street rediscover yet again that they are still kicking ass. This makes it actually a pretty reliable CC churner. You are in an optimum position. Are there stocks that will grant you better short term gains? Yeah. No one could fault you for taking a break from it. Just don't be upset If it decides to snap to 90-100+ not long after you do so.
https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/

Is anyone talking about this? #fuckcitron
[deleted]
Priced in
I went there once. They called me boomer mom.

It is definitely a more intense, unfiltered flavor of wsb. They were just being silly, making edgy jokes, and trying to out-cool each other, you know the drill. It was cute. 

I'm just too old to be talking to kids in chat rooms.
Damn I almost got on AMD calls like 2 weeks ago when share prices were like 75$. Pussied out and now I have no gains.
[deleted]
no more, my friend. I'm officially tapping out. Will probably just be a wage-cuck filled with regret until the end of my days.
Sell the news jimbo
Ok
Fuck I hope so . Picked up a call before close
Depending on where you are moving from
Move to Montreal
Congratulations bro I was in your situation last week.
U too cock eyes
[deleted]
Because they all in 5k to make 50k, all in 50k to make 500k, all in again and lose all thinking the next one will yield 5M
just read 2 articles saying the exact opposite lol
CAD. Well at least you didn't lose real money.
I was talking to my wife about Elon and she was like how can he be so stupid about the covid tests and run Tesla. And I was like 'because he is autistic'. And she was like 'oh, right'
got it, nio calls it is
Anyone trying to get whooped in chess?
What do you want to do with your car and you don’t know how much I can get it to work and then I’ll take you back up north
Yikes this guys comment history. Imagine dedicating your time and efforts into hating the Chinese
Preliminary report? That’s an anonymous person on social media.
Not anymore
Hmm, JKS should be interesting.
[deleted]
🆘eekend 🅾️ow not looking so hot
You can sell a call with 100 shares. If you sell a put you have to buy 100 shares at strike price if in the money at the expired time. If you plan to use cash as your collateral, then go for it. Scared money don’t make money. I have no advice on PLTR sorry.
probably by being recommended one by someone who knows you well :[
I’m going diamond hands and there’s nothing you can do about it NIO 75C 1/5/21
Citron HQ: local McDonalds with free WiFi.
Maybe skip the vaccines on the first born
No i left it as a tip for my bohemian maid.
Toronto’s a great city and it’s not dirty compared to other big cities.
TIL I learnt QQQ contains large holdings of ROSS, MAR, COST, WALGREENS, BOOKING, AMGEN, BIIB and other non-tech randos
100% true
Try LEAPS
I’ll cum Mac sauce if that’s the case
This is the way
SPY 380 eow confirmed
Please if you play again, use like 5-10K
Proof that this entire sub is all autists
This is retarded. I’m in.
[deleted]
Your recent posts are 100% hating on PLTR and being small-minded about what the massive stockpiles of data in existence can be used for. 

Did you get burned on puts?
This an exceptional level of stupid.

What positions netted $55k in three months you fucking halfwit
Being able to delay gratification is one of the most important characteristics for a good trader to have. That is why I am down 30gs 🥴
[deleted]
[deleted]
Holding 1 tesla 410 call sep 2021, 1 tesla 420 call june 2022. Papa musk will not let us down.
Why? They make toys and people buy them.
Yea picked up 10 March calls.
Whats the sentiment this hour of the day. Bearish or bullish? It’s changed a thousand times so far
[deleted]
Dude you sound so gay. Private chat me
So you've had that 1 stock since August 2017?
Got it, all in Luckin. Everybody likes coffee
Market is good at ignoring the reality of the case loads
Mmmm down 8k on DKNG.  Need PLTR to pick up the slack lmao
The sad truth is that death is unavoidable, BUT

What I think we should do is, instead of a stimulus for all, what if they did a program you have to apply for if your high risk (like ppp) or just old, give all those people enough money to sit inside for 2 weeks, then open up fully and never shut down at all, 

People are going to die with or without COVID, that’s the harsh truth, but it’ll help if we can keep the choice with the people, let them govern themselves.
So all in NIO calls at open (Jan exp, ofc)
RIP ARK. It was nice knowing ya
[removed]
Wait till OP gets divorced and YOLOs it all away
I'll be your donut if you will be my jelly
Just do it and find out
Make those dudes put on a condom next time
I wrote "lmao" in one of the nikola sub's post and got permabanned. Soft ass niggas



Edit: it was a post about someone "investing" at 50s and still believing in the "company"
Why dont you like them longer term? Nvidia has earnings coming up too which should do well i think. That alone would give amd a short term boost if they beat
Nahh you must be lying. Havent seen so much so of an ankle since 1926.
**PRELIMINARY REPORT: HEALTHY 12 YEAR OLD REINFECTED, HOSPITALIZED, ON LIFE SUPPORT**

https://www.reddit.com/r/beyondthebump/comments/jtp0ad/my_12_year_old_brother_just_got_hospitalized_with/
It did disconnect a bit ago when it ran wild recently but there still is correlation and especially after both making fresh highs this week and both running into resistance levels Friday and now it selling off I'd day there may be correlation going into Monday...
Have her call you "ATM" instead
Until she starts nagging u about that fun little video game you're playing. Rip
No wonder your name is Ardent Resolve!
Big brain move. Not even sure who would enforce that kind of thing
Lol.

Have fun with that jumbled up pit of misinformation you have.

Good luck
Man, if only Uber had someone as smart as you to figure things out for them. 


January 10, 2022 $55C
I love you. Please take my wife to mexico so I can use my kid’s college fund to buy these class BABY!!!
[deleted]
anybody else on the GE gang?
Seems shady af
Maybe try to actually find one instead of asking here.
its from burn after reading
I can't
You just broke even
Fuk her in the bum
I remember back in late august a guy telling me about some FIT FDs cuz they’re gonna get bought out by google before end of 2020 supposedly. been watching it ever since and it’s been pretty stagnant other than the last couple days. Do you think it might be time to hop on that train?
NIO bout to dip juicy af, drop to 39 once more and that’ll be last opp to get in before two consecutive 15% days
for what? 300 profit? you're better off doing options but you're on wsb so...
Do it
GOD I LOVE THE MASTERS

ALL ELEGANT AND SHIT FUCK YEAH BRUH

*CRACKS OPEN MILLER LITE*
Lol.

Calling something “big data” doesn’t make it so.
It’s going down
this was it.
[deleted]
Your brain is too small to realize that 'big data' encompasses more than ad-revenue

It's a generic term. Data-harvesting is what you are trying to say 'big data' is only; it's way more than just harvesting and selling the data.
[removed]
You mean Elon
Pretty good city.

Where in Toronto? Downtown, midtown, York, etc.
You can even see the exact moment he found WSB, it’s glorious
Flair is on point
50/50 split between AMZN and AAPL spreads during earnings.
Depends on how much money you spend. If you’re cheap you might do just fine with a million. Personally I wouldn’t even consider it with less than 5M. But then again I don’t hate my job lol.
Did he at least leave some money on your nightstand?
They subsidize every single ride in order to kill off local competition from established taxis.
Then spend a google of money to fight off all the anti-dumping laws and outright bans.
(Lobbying)Politicians in large municipalities aint cheap, neither is winning ballot initiatives like the recent one in CA.
ARK bought 1m shares of PLTR? Hell yea!
Market rather squeeze all the bears then drop. It’s pretty obvious when small caps pump almost 3% like corona isn’t happening. Ask yourself? Why wouldn’t these hedge funds and banks that own stock rather pump up the price of their stocks while collecting your premiums. Bear season has been over for awhile.
There’s no basements in Florida you donut. Ground too mush
I bought it at 4 dollars a share
[deleted]
sure dude if you say so but the fat 6k check I got back when I filed my taxes earlier this year says otherwise... plus the 100k my home has appreciated in just the last year alone
[deleted]
Poots
You are in luck, you should be able to withdraw money from your retirement accounts and have 6 weeks to get your losses back.  If the 60k is in a cash account, even better and less hassle.  Put 25k in spy puts, 355 expiring Wednesday, if that doesn’t hit, put the rest in a strike expiring the next Monday.  About 65% chance you will get your losses back.
u/savethisvideo
You got it bro. I bought bank puts with slightly earlier expiration
[deleted]
How’d you figure that out?
Don’t make me get the....

BAP 👈🏻🔫
Too expensive too dirty too artsy; so like most cities
All of WSB will migrate there once Reddit IPO comes and this sub gets banned.
Will her basement fit all of your things
25yrs old, this was my life-savings. Still have $20k in a savings account, and a $60k/yr job. 

Lost the bulk on AMZN and AAPL spreads during ERs. The rest was a slow bleed of SPY and QQQ calls/puts at the worst times and paper hands.

What hurts the most is knowing that had I bought 1 week later expiry, it would have been $200k. But what does that matter, I would have probably just gambled that all the way down to $0 anyways. Not looking for pity, just to bring awareness to others, and to finally admit to myself that I need treatment.
PLUG
SPY $370 at open! Vaccine and stimulus talks going well.
This is what people said about yahoo at its peak
It’s so retarded it’s not even worth attempting to follow.   The throttling that a Reddit thread gives helps slow down the retardation to a consumable level.
I’m shitting lava and my butthole is on fire.
[deleted]
My dad had a way better idea...Just dont even show up.
I wish I could draw you a nice picture using crayons so you could better understand but I feel that I’ve already wasted enough time trying to explain.

I’ll try to explain one last time, since you claim I didn’t explain:

Big data firms like google, Amazon, Facebook, Twitter etc..collect information from their users and in turn sell this for ad revenue.

Palantir does no such thing. Therefor, they are not “big data” (which is a play on the phrase “big oil”, suggesting information has replaced oil)

Their business is to create custom software for an enterprise to exploit improved efficiencies.

Sure they manage data but this isn’t the “big data” play you seem to be misunderstanding them as being.

Really hope this makes sense or that you’re trolling me.

If not, then it’s not my fault the education system failed you.

Best wishes
dat PLTR pickup doh
Naw. Shitcoin is doing its own thing now. All those correlations broke down
Retard
Lol imagine actually doing that
Well now that you're gonna have a kid, you're gonna have just enough then
No cap apple arcade is actually pretty dope
It has very little to do with citron. Nio has been up a lot and time to take a break.  It’s completely normal.
Kill her bf
[deleted]
Why did you have calls for that shitshow of a company if not planning to sell them to some idiot before earnings?
Man company ETFs are so good. 2x or 3x of a company that you know will run up will make better money than lets say, you would buy a stock and hold.
This is bold, i like it!
I was just saying this will cause a dump but wait a bankruptcy will cause it to moon?
Tell her you are broke
My guy.......you lost 100k in one month? This can't be your only account and you must be loaded or $ROPE
all fridays matter
Do they make trickle chargers for car batteries that don’t need to be plugged into an outlet? We don’t have access in the condo garage
How long u been dating
Well, depending on their time of entry, even as "late" as two weeks ago, those funds positions are still up 100% at minimum, and those from the start of summer are more than 1000%. There is no way in hell that those funds to not rebalance their positions and therefore sell in chunks, as the weight % increases so rapidly. 

I think those funds have beel selling beautiful ROIs of their bags through last 1-2 months onto unlucky retails, i am rather certain on this. We are only half way through the Q4 though, so we will get (or perhaps not, as it is also distinct possiblity still) the confirmation in quite some time.
Allready read complains about not having a $nio bcs chinese broker. Too late
[deleted]
I didn’t read any of this.
Where?
The most retarded short firm has NIO at $25, because they want to get in cheaper to make revenue. 

Then there's you. You might even be too fucking stupid for this sub

NIO 31C 01/15/21

NIO 43C 01/15/21

300 shares @27.97

I'm currently on the phone with your wife planning a trip to a Mexican resort. You can keep crying that you never got in
At wsb you can easily build an empire of RH margin calls
down 30k in trading account, terrible. don't have a tax guy, might get one this year. but I have about 60k in a couple vanguard mutual funds, should i think about doing some tax gain harvesting? figured it might be worth it since all my losses are this year.
If I had to guess, they care more about climate change and the larger impact it has on the entire country, and less about the smog giving their people lung cancer. China is going to have to deal with a serious climate refugee crisis if things keep going the way they are. That is expensive and destabilizing. Their citizens, however, are going to smoke themselves to an early grave even if the air is pristine, so Pooh is fine with letting the acid rain continue.

Are there any tree ETFs we can yolo on? Or lung futures?
My kids are 4 and 2 and it's still tough to get laid lol
[deleted]
Is IVR ever gonna meme again here? 4/16/21 4.5Cs to the tits
How do i make wife stop calling me "wallet" and say i love you
[deleted]
Wirecard, Dick Smith, Nortel, Anglo Irish Bank, Royal Bank of Scotland, Wells Fargo, Valeant, Theranos, Enron, Bear Sterns, Lehman Brothers, AIG, Washington Mutual, Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities, Dynergy, Bayou Hedge Fund, Arthur Anderson, Chaquita Brands, Swissair, WorldCom

But you only know Luckin and "China bad"

Edit: Indeed, feelings aren't facts

Looking through your comment history its all shit against China. Why am I surprised...
He's really thinking about legacy now.
are black friday sales included in q4 earnings report for dec?
Motley Fool: 

First, China has been the clear leader in electric vehicle sales, and government policy has been highly accommodative of transitioning consumers from gas-burning vehicles to electric ones. Furthermore, in a country where the bicycle was once the vehicle of choice, China's rapid urbanization should help drive demand for electric scooters. They have inherent benefits over cars, as they are cheaper, more fuel-efficient, create less traffic, and are easier to park.

Based on 2021 adjusted earnings per share expectations, the stock trades at a price-to-earnings (P/E) of just 40, a very reasonable valuation and much better than Tesla's P/E of 135. 

Mkt Cap is only 2 billion...
FNKO
GF just moved in and now splitting rent aka funding my monthly wsb plays now
Hood Ass Call
According to Wikipedia, second crash started on oct 26th
It’s a new day and a new trend.
The most bullish piece of news I've heard about NIO is the structuring of the 2020 Chinese policy of national NEV subsidies that favors battery-swapping technology. Electric vehicles costing over RMB 300,000 are now eligible for subsidies only if they have the capability of battery swapping. 
The CCP is clearly engineering legislation to preference NIO and limit TSLA expansion in the Chinese premium EV market.
Whatever you do, don't sell your baby to make up for losses. I know a guy and let's just say I..uh.. I mean HE. He had a hard time explaining to his wife. Grats either way
Damn this makes me feel better about my losses 😭
Holy fuck.

Trades that led to this?
Oh shit didn't realize that
How does Morgan Stanley downgrade it then raises its price Target
I have too much already
Didn't get that pregnancy horny boost?
You don't wanna go there trust me...
r/smallstreetbets
Imagine being bullied in high school
Lmfao buckle is still a company? Seems like an obvious short so calls for er it is.
It’s really strange: in cultures where arranged marriages are the norm, they are remarkably stable. In ‘the West’ where we have free choice, divorce rates are rocketing.   


If I had to do it again, would likely sign up to one of those pricey sites that match you very carefully with women of similar interests etc.
So close to being "nice 😎"

Try harder
i am college kids
Hope so My dumbass bought PTON weeklies at the close yesterday.
My biggest fear because I definitely have some asbergers going on and my brother is full blown on the spectrum not sure with what tho
Bought my mom a bow to put on front door of her new house. Box just got delivered with “big red bow” written all over it lol. Luckily covered it up before she got a chance to see it
Baba puts
Lol if you think that passes
[deleted]
Oh man bear alert 😂
[removed]
Wait so what happens if I max out my FSA plan at work for next year and immediately on January first buy like 5 of the most expensive ($500 each) stethoscopes or some other valid medical purchase on amazon, take a picture of the receipt, submit photo so I can get the reimbursement, then immediately cancel the order before it ships and get refunded, and then immediately yolo the $2500 in tax free money I haven’t even worked for yet into weekly NIO far ootm fds?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Citron has price target 7$ for PTON. Nice short
[deleted]
Yah that’s what they do. Should be illegal
That’s a wild imagination you’ve got there
[deleted]
Im even making sure I don't look at the reflection in anyones glasses
Don’t let citron near your child.
Ok Kim Kardashian
So 13th November reported more then 181k  by Monday > 200k cases, I wish market opens red (no fatalities of course )
Weekends are like when you fiending for that high but your dealer is on vacation
I don't trade shitcoin, but it is a pretty good indicator for what the mkts may be like Monday
Why are your predictions? Rally through next week or gradual sell-off?
He is... Jamal gonna be a pro athlete
Yooo trump tweeted must get a stim
Bill a hour ago. Green AF Monday! Let’s gooooo
Havnt gotten laid in months already
MMs will be ready next time there’s a  major pump to fuck this plan up. They’ll rapid snatch things up midday back to open highs then zig zag to a modest scale back then dump AH.
Invest it in some calls?
I visited LA once, the pollution wasn't quite Beijing or New Delhi bad, but it was a pretty windy day.
Step 1 is identifying the problem.
Building an empire and wsb dont go together
 *noun*

1. 1.a submarine. "the yachtsman claimed his boat had been sunk by a sub"
One of us
My property taxes are $150 per year  but just 5 minutes away when you hit the city you can multiply that by 10-20 times.  I used to only accept city living but after crunching the numbers I'm a suburbanite now.
Let me know when you find the real play
Puts.
[removed]
He’s retarded to no see this can make money
RIP BRO ! 😭🙏🏼📉
Buy some
Uh oh, I just shit my pants again
nah youre chance was friday when it hit -16%
[deleted]
People that actually have to commute to work are getting screwed. Time to make all commuting costs tax deductible.
Where I live the price to rent is basically the same as a mortgage. And all the rentals were much older and shittier houses than the house I bought.
Bro this is WSB, everyone here needs a therapist
Go fuck yourself thats why
Watch Idiocracy
How does one get these massive returns?
Moderna pump Monday
Nasty ass mofo
Wynn
No you don’t
Hope it works out for you dude!
Inverse
I have a hypothesis that the entire world has become clininically retarded but the smartest retards are considered geniuses.
Lol ur fucced
I subscribed to a 'pro trader'  he gives 1 option play per week. Got stopped out of 5 of 6 of the last 6 trades
[deleted]
[deleted]
Seems like posting losses for 20 years to get market share is a dumb idea. One of those scenarios where none of the companies win
Tinder
I own the Sonos Arc and Sub and the combination is fantastic.
It's not different or more prevalent though. American companies are up to the same shit, they just have better relationships with American auditors and the SEC.
I'm not saying I'm a fan of their system. Even if it's more effective at achieving certain things, that doesn't mean it's guaranteed to be better at all things- including not collapsing. Also I value human rights, but those won't make these FDs print.
Time to upgrade to Grindr premium
On what topic?
Guys I need F to drop below 8.50 is that possible?
The market is forward thinking. They’re concerned with a company’s future 5-10 years from now. Retards can’t think that far ahead apparently
😂😂😂
Not anymore. Standard deduction is so high that it doesn't make sense to itemize
> But like you are suggesting that it is the fault of the corporations for engaging in business with Chinese manufacturing companies (which, by the way, is only a single example--latching on to this, thinking you have somehow proven something, epitomizes the internet.), and therefore, despite the Chinese companies stealing intellectual property for profit, they should not be held accountable, it is your fault for engaging with me expecting any kind of civil discourse.

Again, no one forced them to hand over their "secret recipes".  They had full control to refuse to do business with China, yet they knowingly and willing chose to risk their secret recipes with a foreign entity to chase more dollars.  That's the inherent risk of dealing with someone outside of our country.  So yes, that's why it IS their fault.

> So fuck you, you 16-year-old kid who probably lives in Norway and is currently drooling on himself.

Face it, you resort to ad hominem attacks because deep down inside, you know that this time, you can't fall back on the usual "it's capitalism so deal with it" card when it's inconvenient for you.  That's the only reason why you're playing the "ethics" card.

> But sneaky little you decides to then go, fill in the colors, and sell it on Shutterstock.

1. If one single painting is somehow the entire backbone that your company depends on to stay in business, then don't surprised when even other capitalists laugh at you for not being able to make something else.

2. If you were trying to make some analogy about a design/schematic for an actual product, then why not just take the "ethical" high ground and keep your business in America by "ethically" helping fellow Americans by just keeping your manufacturing here in "good ol' America", where our own IP laws would be much more easily enforced (as opposed to a foreign country where our laws (*gasp*) do NOT have jurisdiction)?

**Oh, that's right!  You just "ethically" want cheap, below minimum wage labor (to the "ethical" detriment of American workers, no less) to "ethically" chase more dollar bills by knowing and willingly (and "ethically") risking your secret recipe with, and "ethically" moving your manufacturing to a foreign entity.**

Face it: You only deem capitalism as A-OK when it benefits you.  Otherwise, you cry "ethics" when it doesn't.

You get what you pay for.  You reap what you sow.  Deal with it.
Served time for mentioning Drumpf on the weekend thread. Albeit I was on a roll making a lot of 🤡 posts
So guru accusing other gurus of pump and dumping on SOLO or something like that lol
Shitcoin dumping this weekend after it's recent 52wk high...
Uber is such trash, does nothing but lose money, and has an insane $83 billion valuation. However the stock (and overall market) is being gamed right now for puts to lose money. If this was a normal market that reflected reality, it would be trading under $20...
This retard is onto something. Chinese people love bikes. So why not scooters. This just might be crazy enough to work
I just deactivated my tinder membership. Just gonna do my own thing and focus on building my empire 👑
[deleted]
Bro I could feel the dopamine rushing into my head it was truly euphoric.
Congrats retard, now you're going to have less money.
Dollar cost average down
No
It is.
SOLO for the NIO earnings run up could be. Goldman Sachs bought over 300K shares on Friday.
[deleted]
Pretty much, there's a never-ending stream of uses for custom big data analytics. Their current largest contract (200M) was announced this Quarter as a renewal & upgrade of a previous contract, so they're retaining their revenue streams without having to spend shittons of R&D for that specific niche sector. Without that >800M IPO debt paid off this Q, their EPS was up big.
property taxes are deductible and so is mortgage interest... owning a home > renting
[deleted]
Maybe you’re gay. Nothing wrong with that.
First of all, what the fuck is this system you are talking about, this is a lagging indicator you fuck. Look into volumes dick head
I’m so salty about this deal bro 😎
Man, so glad I sold my EV stock a while back. I was able to double my investments
Lmao
I mean I still stroke myself to her. QQQ is just better all around.
I need more lockdowns so the market can tank a bit more then boom reinvested babyyyyyy
[deleted]
Fuck Cathy is gonna be mad. Whatever you do bae, I'm with you
Nio nio nio. Nice 👍
So...did you actually buy 6Ps?? Why.
Donnie one last pump?

He probably wants a stimmy check with his name on it.
Significant other
American shitstock, and non-shitstock, CEOs absolutely can cheat without consequences. Where the fuck have you been?
That Friday dip was the last chance to hop in. For ER pump. Also why do you keep commenting on my threads?
Fck it all in. Ill remember you u/charcoal123
[They say timing is everything](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMQhXc1dHIQ&ab_channel=IQuip4U)
What do you mean by instant? Why are they different ?
Queer sku
Hey where’s the frickinnnn *gaba gooo*
Probably both
Uber up 75% ytd with a $85 billion market cap despite their business being rekt is laughable. It just shows how rigged the market is with influx of money. Someone like SoftBank is propping up this garbage.
Tesla is a steal at this price, we bout to make bank
Well I don't think Biden has and trade related policy for China to my knowledge, but I did see part of his platform raising military presence in South China Sea for response time to Taiwan and India, both of which have had unusually charged relations with China. The world is getting so damn small. Still, these companies should operate independently just fine for a good period of time.
[deleted]
Few? Lmao
We have discord?
[here](http://letmegooglethat.com/?q=Therapists+in+my+area)
Gratz brother! What a fucking day!!

Let us know how the emotions of today compare to the craziest day you've ever had trading. I'm half facetious half serious curious rofl.
[And that's why PLTR will have those contracts **for-ev-er**](https://youtu.be/2ysrJtOBo1g)
this is the dumbest thing ive read in a while.
Agree. And it might get there fast as it’s aided by covid shutdowns etc since their tech is being used. Interesting play for sure.
I don’t know, all I’m seeing is *******
What's the planned outcome here?
Can highly recommend pen island!
And before you know it you’re in red dead redemption and a sugar plant owner in the island has you in chains.
[deleted]
This is exactly what happened to all my cannabis options. That bump disappeared fast.
Facts. Dudes over at r/investing were stroking themselves over her pictures
Counterfeit $20s. Everyone takes one to their local gas station and brings back the change. Do it again, do it again, do it again, do it again, we buy an island.
NIO stockholders in weekend will be like “ send me citron’s lokation” 🤬😡🤬
I’d love that so I can short it again, very easy money last Monday
All you need to live life on your terms is 2 million in the bank and willingness to not live in a major city (you can still commute in whenever you want)  


10% a year is easy with that much capital, that's 200k and you don't have to do any work or really anything you don't want to do.   


So the plan? keep saving and investing, don't buy too many fds.
NIO
Elon have mercy I bought some more TSLA 2023 leaps yesterday
Literally LOL’d at this!  😆
We dropped the ball Thursday night. Should have seen that. I only looked on Friday during the trading day and found out then.
That’s what we’ve been thinking since the 60s bro. Light rail is the 5G of transportation
Happy Cake Day
Just go out in the streets and yell out loud THE RAPIST
Yeah I don’t get these people. Why not just make money?
I want to see a state ban wearing masks and social distancing just to see what would happen
What happened?
Because it’s such a good gauge of the future right? Like when futures open up red every night then rip green by market open almost every single time regardless of anything?
You just commented "**Nio is worth 6 million dollars per car made. Even Tesla wasn't this hyped**" a moment ago.

If you really believe what you commented then your action contradicts your believe.

Or you are a liar
It explains the drop from ATHs.  

Looking at BABA v JD this week though, is this increased regulatory scrutiny of BABA going to persist until Ma does a very public and expensive mea culpa?
I know who you are, FUCKER!!!!
I’m happy for you that you’re only down 97% on your portfolio all time now
Andrew's shorts : tsla, shop , pton
My nio puts are definitely going to print
Kneel behind Wendy’s for an hour
MODS! BAN THIS BAGHOLDER AT ONCE!
[deleted]
U aint gonna do shit
AMZN and TSLA calls over the weekend netted me +$20k back when we were in easy mode.
Look into Pen Island, might be what you're looking for. (PenIsland.com)
Jesus
What is SO
Or they could just be inversing wsb. Like me
Ban tattoo. It's the date you were banned, how many days you were banned for, how many times you've been banned.
[deleted]
Holy shit I just saw the solo EV for the first time.

So happy I hesitated on Friday.
Look I have zero dollars invested in NIO because I think the EV market is in a super bubble. But yelling that the sky is falling to a bunch of retards that just made 1000% gains seems foolish. 

Truth is nobody knows where the market is going and if there wasn’t a risk involved in every trade you make there also wouldn’t be profits. China could pull the NIO rug, or musk could die of covid or Bezos could be found running a huge child porn ring at any moment and tank the stock.

Gotta make money where you can in this crazy game. 🤷‍♀️
Significant other
If you won a lottery that only pays out $2500, yet a ticket costs $5?
Hey retard hes the one that shilled nio 2 yrs ago
[deleted]
[deleted]
MORE SHUTDOWNS INBOUND. PTON WILL RECOVER
Significant other
[deleted]
RIP their college fund.
It was 10min till close and i bought $2000 of spy fds, 2 min later I sold and made $500 and those options ended expiring worthless. I had reached a new level of retardedness after that day.
Ouch . I think NIO will dump earnings .
[deleted]
Is it?
[deleted]
That dip this week was bonkers, filled every gap in 1 day!  Waiting to see if the bulls can recover that reversal candle then I’ll buy in.
Fuck I was so fucked up last night holy shit
good to know. next time they short something i go in balls deep.
NIO
Get out while you’re ahead, you’ve made more than 80% of wsb
Stop flexing your 60 cent gain you twat and lose everything like a real man!
[deleted]
Fair enough. It's a tough call between disputing and letting it die.
Define "sub"
I tried to warn investor bros about ARKK but no one listens. Going to watch it fall like dominoes because Cathy is going to lose some ownership. 😎
pltr is not half the company twlo is but i might get in pltr because retard strength may push it to the 30s
https://spectrumnews1.com/ca/la-west/transportation/2020/10/13/solo-single-seat-electric-vehicle-hits-the-streets-in-la
Stfu close minded boomer bitch

Edit: Please downvote me to hell literally autistic retarded boomers, wait that’s just what boomer means literally the most worthless people on the planet
Is it distilled autism, meta-autism, or yes?
Idk I just turned 18 so I can finally watch adult porn
Technically the next pump should be at the pump. 

Whichever company produces the most electric charging stations, or dig down into the manufacturer of it's components.
[removed]
We're trying to get away from the low quality, low effort, memes that have taken over recently. 

So all DD threads are getting automatically stickied going forward, but punishment for DD flair abuse will be harsh.

If you have any suggestions for how to improve please shoot us a modmail, or slide into my DMs.
It’s over hype over priced crapola
SO?
[removed]
she say she a virginnn
Take your money now. A 912% gain is an anomaly not something to expect. Now that you have a lot of capital out it into something more moderate. Or just lose it all
Definitely! Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Good luck. Hopefully we see each other on the Moon
Lucky bastard.  You are the guy that ruins the system ;)  I have learned my lesson though so enjoy your tendies.
May as well be a 3 day weekend.. congrats none the less, OP.. hope you didn’t pass along your extra chromosome.
I dunno it says they give u 3 strikes in a rolling 12 month period. But im not expecting anything. Could prob use the time off tbh
That’s what happens when you believe the Gambler’s Fallacy to be true
yes market opens at 370 on Monday, we’re past lockdowns
Bet
[https://media.giphy.com/media/U1aN4HTfJ2SmgB2BBK/giphy.gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/U1aN4HTfJ2SmgB2BBK/giphy.gif)
I want to live on a island forget about all the troubles in city life and just live life, imagine: 

1. Waking up anytime you want 
2. Actually make and plant your own food, catch your own fish etc
3. Build your own empire 
4. Just live life on your terms 
5. It’s peaceful, workout whenever you want 
6. Stay and spend time with the people you love

That being said we need an island! So what’s the play?
"Trade talks are going well" "Stimulus talks are going well" "Vaccine talks are going well" Actively spreading bullshit is price manipulation.
Why do you have to specify that a car that only comes in V12 config was V12 🤣
Nice, thanks
You’ve got it backwards, people googling Andrew Left would find lemon party. I think people googling lemon party would just ignore the Andrew Left results on their quest for naked old men lol
Flair checks out
NIU my dude, don't forget to invite me to your yacht party
:(
Literally anything
Make it big and focused. Get it done!
Nio != Tesla
Nope. The run up was Thursday. It’s gunna dump again on Monday, then float itself until earnings.

Where it will dump again. 

11/20 37p
BTW yes I held and sold at 438!1
Then I stand corrected.
I have come to a conclusion that no one understands the market especially the so-called market experts and analysts
You just commented " **I would have been a millionaire if that dastardly citron research didn't steal my tendies 😢😢😭** " 2 hours ago.

If you really believe what you commented then your action contradicts your believe.

Or you are a liar
2020 is a weird year...
Interesting, thanks
Got up on my Birkin *its hurtinnn*
lmao 10P

No path to profitability yet they're gonna do it next year. The stock has barely moved and will really start to move next week because last minute transportation is a great long term bet. When it's over $50 next week, consider closing your position lol
Oh. Poor kiddo.
Damn everyone knows the lyrics
Send me the link so I can lowball the fuk out of it XD

$3.50
[deleted]
🗓🐄
Do you guys jack off to your SO? I saw a thread on Reddit where people were acting like it was normal and it was weird not to. I think those people are the weird ones.
I’m sure there definitely couldn’t have been any calls from them between these right? 2016 to 2019 I’m sure they just took those years off
jerome powell and his neverending printing habits
You're right actually, this should be removed for political discussion. My mistake.
[deleted]
I've been hesitant to post this, but it appears that the increase in price is being caused by long buyers. Even though price action went down last Friday you can see here that the amount of dark pool short data shows a different story. http://regsho.finra.org/regsho-Index.html

If you look at Friday's results for NIO, of a total 301MM volume in sale, market makers had to borrow 190MM shares. This means that there are lots of buyers and less sellers. Market makers sell short to accommodate excess buyers and buy long when there are excess sellers. The ratio of short sale/total sale from dark pools is about 63.1% which, according to the DIX white paper would indicate that there is a surplus of buyers for the day. Generally with this high of a percentage you would expect on average upward price movement of +1%.

I do have calls on NIO but I'm curious to see how this pans out.
You'll never see this stock in the 20s ever again.
Citron doesn’t buy puts though. They short the stock cause he’s too much of a pussy.
Puts on sleep and your sex life for the next few months.
[deleted]
All they do is worship the mango and do gay bear shit
*If I had an anus*

*we would penetrate*

*always love never hate*

*If I had an anus*
Credit spreads? Not as safe as covered calls but don’t need to have stock collateral
weekend dow blood red

very concerned for bul
Smh. This is why everyone think you need millions to retire. You don’t yolo it you retard.

You sell puts on SPY for about .4% a week.

$2000 per week x 4 = $8000 per month

8000 x 12 = 96000 - 24% tax = 72,960 a year

GG, catch me living a modest life with 0 work obligations. Just need to buy private health insurance which sucks but whatever
Mr. Left was kind enough to let some of his friends know that he had a new blog post coming out. As much I hate the guy, wouldn’t mind being on that email list!! Lol
Sounds like something you would say if you were high.
*Gratz.*

**DD**

My only advice to all spouses in your situation is if it's a natural birth, do not look at your wife's vagina after the baby comes out. Super swollen with enlarged lips drooping halfway down her thighs. It will be an image burned into your brain that will take a good couple of years to get out of your mind when having sex. 

Unless you're pretty drunk or having sex with someone other than her I guess. Or if you're into super fat pussy lips too. Hey, no fetish shaming coming from this guy. Totally have no room to criticize other's kinks.
Yahhh, get it my guy!!!
Let's see PLTR under different political admins:

Baby hands Bush post 9/11:. Freedom act, begin tech for mass surveillance

Obama: expand mass surveillance

Trump:. Law and order, more social media surveillance

Obama electric boogaloo:. Can't imagine what white Obama's secret policy will be on PLTR, bit I imagine it will have something to do with allocating half the military budget directly to Thiels sex change op

PLTR 15c 5/21
I believe Nikola had thousands of pre-orders too. Even I pre-ordered 3 trucks because it was free

As a result, Nikola's revenue came from selling a few solar panels to its CEO.

ALL IN!
Ok.
lol. Open your eyes. Goldman calling for S&P 4300. While people buying FDs on NIO. What is peak WSB now? lol
That's silly. Bunch of legit companies use spacs to go public. TRNE next big thing
I don’t do it for the dude I’m responding to I do it so the retard that finds this thread sees how OP responds and can see for himself who the DD is coming from so they don’t get jabaited
Is there a play other than NIO, XPEV, LI, PLTR that is worth looking into?
It's literally what citron does.
market literally had a 50% gain in the worst recession weve seen in the last 100 years, largest unemployment, shit earnings, etc. 

id say 20% is lowballing it hard
Hunter2!
It’s your prison number welcome to the club brother. What were you in for
https://www.pionline.com/money-management/resolute-take-majority-ownership-ark-investment-management
Cathy losing some of her ownership. She’s big mad.
Yessssss! This is the way! Hopefully one day they also will be doing the dick sucking at Wendy’s
Will suck dick for NIO calls
If anything Tech have been shitting hard on earning.
I’m sure your wife’s boyfriend is quite proud
That would be waaaay to safe
Don’t worry. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Last week the play was to buy calls on NIO and you were fine with it. Now the play is to buy puts and you’re salty
i would say buy the dip if  there is one....but then again cathie might be like fk u im takin my people and starting my own fund
Property value doesn't always go up. At some point taxes get in the way of that
Your IQ is not high enough to comprehend
Remember a few months back when the market forgot about Covid and it was driven by TikTok talks/rumors
Shit stretched like laffy taffy
That news was passed earlier this week, hell they had articles about it months ago where the chief pilot tested it and gave it a clear. It was a short squeeze and a nasty one at that. You’d think why did it drop 5% from beginning of the week with such promising news? Then shot right back up one one day.
Long Boeing. Got it.
It's not a secret if you publicly post a comment about it
Nio DD


- their earnings call will be in Chinese, American investors no understand so no bad things revealed

- China company, China skews numbers, huge bear coming and raised guidance 

12/4 $50c

Just kidding cucks that shit is more overhyped than JNUG in 1Q 2020
My does the number by my name mean? Is it a call sign? A prison stamp? 🈶NIO🈶
*unzips pants*
♿️eekend ♿️ow
All in a black r&b artist anus
Anyone listen to the Ross gerbil interview with portnoy yesterday? Shit was so cringe.
[deleted]
Let's go ZTO. Earnings next week!
Yeah let me know if they do that but I’m 99% sure they dont
Stop responding dude... It's obviously a 4/10 Troll/Shill.

It's a Trill, or a Sholl.
[deleted]
Yeah blow off top is clearly technically bullish lmao
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars...
I appreciate that reply. 

Do you mind me asking where your properties are located? Do you see more upside there then say a city - aside from cost maybe. 

How much (on the high side) would you anticipate major repairs to be? Another 20k over 5 years?
You haven't said anything besides "no it's not".

'Big Data collection' is fucking useless without having the 'software' to make use of it all. Palantir is LITERALLY a big data analysis company. Their first contracts were with NA/EU defense agencies for BIG DATA facial analysis 'software' for anti-terrorism. 

Big data is useless without companies like Palantir to create custom software to make use of all of that information. 'Software' is the end-product, but the backbone of that 'software' is big data analysis.

I'm a goddam scientist, I know how important having good 'software' is to make billions of data points into a digestible format.

'big data' exists already and the bottle-neck is now having good software that analyzes it on the fly

That's why PLTR is winning covid/cancer healthcare industry contracts, that's why PLTR is winning aerospace industry efficiency contracts, that's why PLTR is still winning army/defense contracts
360+ to fuck with all the shorts
tread softly for I've spread my dreams beneath your feet.
[deleted]
What was that thing?
What's that? Nio to lose 90% value off of 1 earnings?
the public stuff is just automated junk to funnel people into the paid stuff
Let me tell you about NIO, XPEV, and LI
I thought the same thing in August, walmart puts
WSB Report on Citron.
That’ll get hashed out in a few days
Craps lets you bet on the don’t come.. at about the same odds as shortly does.
[deleted]
[removed]
Most people dont paper hand property investments.  Over time property values consistently go up.  I bought a property at absolute top of housing bubble 12 years ago and was 100k upside down within weeks.   Could easily sell for 6 figure gains right now.
Buy put bro!!
Wat news
And every now and then they have to read a post about sucking dick at Wendy's lmao
Yes. Everything pre 2016 + *Adjustment Day*. 

*Diary* is probably my favorite, followed by *Fight Club* and *Survivor/Invisible Monsters/Haunted* coming in third.

Wasn't a big fan of the *Fight Club 2* (pre-ordered, I wasn't aware it was going to be a graphic novel); feel like a legit novel would've been better. 

Also wasn't a big fan of *Pygmy* (just due to the broken English narrative...don't get me wrong, great story just rough on the inner voice in my head when reading). 

*Adjustment Day*, meh fell a little short in the end. Started off a bit decent got pretty humorous, but the ending was lacking. 

&#x200B;

\----Similar vein (as far as humor but not complexity) would be some of Christopher Moore's novels specifically *A Dirty Job*, *Secondhand Souls*, *Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal* and *Noir*. 

Now. *Noir* was not  a bad story it was very interesting, but he tried to write it as a period piece. Which is fine, but what hung me up was some of the colloquialisms/slang didn't exist in that period. But other than that it was solid.
fuck yeah cuzzo’ i want it all , now
If it’s down Monday I think everyone goes in that hasn’t. I’m guessing Monday it’ll be up a good 5 points
Why did the folding chair become the go to blunt object for wrestling beatdowns?
Look at relative volume tho, massive profit taking. Imo good entry for earnings but fuck playing earnings
That your EKG?
Nvda will def move with spy
Yahoo finance
he had me at gay
So there was this company called NIO.
Calling a 20% SP500 gain as “the low end”. 

This is peak WSB.
[deleted]
[removed]
You mean NIO right right??
I think you BABA boys should just buy 100+ shares and sell covered calls because these MMs are making a fucking killing on this stock
[deleted]
Fuck The Tip Lick
[removed]
NIO has done more in it's 6 operating years than Tesla did in that time. It's growing at a 17x pace . By 2032 it will have surpassed Tesla in all margins with a market cap exceeding current Tesla valuation by 2.5 fold. This is it guys, the golden opportunity.
Well for a car company, they already are very highly valued company, now they only need the fundamentals to back up the speculators:)
I'm doing BABA and BIIB, both 300 please.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Give it time haha. You’ll get paid
Define "became"
Nothing you said in this comment means anything...
500k won’t last long with that sweet yolo
Ugh
JD is the hotness at the moment but BABA is king. It will go back to ripping upwards might happen Monday or need a a few days. Shits overblown, I think you’re good buy that dip
I have a birth fetish
[removed]
Ssshhhh American develop the vaccines mmhh kay?
Should I still consider jumping into to ARK’s ETFs despite the news of new controlling ownership? I’m wondering if I’m too late to the game or if new ownership will be bad for returns.
What the hell are you doing here? Are you here to rub it in that you've got this whole thing figured out? Get out of here with your rich self; trying to come here with your money-making account
God I hate when medical professionals are brainwashed. I wish everyone was smart like a reddit commenter.
I fucking failed the captcha 3 times reeee
Next time dont buy 5$ hookers
[removed]
yep, definintly all lessons to learn from. still cheaper than learning it in  college
I’m not upset I used to trade NIO faithfully . I just hate how everyone praises NIO like they are gods . It’s just a stock. This sub has gone to shit full of virgins and retards
[deleted]
[deleted]
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZSVV85h9/
I'm just fucking with you. But couldn't you buy a house for like 10k?  Your rent may still be cheaper but you don't live in some auto old money mansion
If you're not buying Costco already then I'm not sure what you're doing. Place has been fucking bonkerz since the start of this smelly virus.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Folgers freeze dried coffee
WMT 150c

PLTR 15c
Lobotomy can fix that brain issue.
$SONO $17.5 Dec calls fellas. Strong sales driven by product refresh + new soundbar. Beneficiary of the stay at home shift. The $PTON of sound.
What are we supposed to do pal? The window to contain this is GONE. OVER. Resorting to a strict lockdown, or bringing it up, during times of known gatherings will not resolve ANYTHING. So Thanksgiving is canceled...ok what about the 364 other days? In all honesty it should be treated like any other day. Be cautious of course but that’s all you can do. 

At this point, until a vaccine is widely available, herd immunity is the only answer.
Exactly, though that drop was enough to make Citron some bank, right?
Sounds boomer
BABA 2/19 $320c?
Share stories with me about your biggest FD play that printed
neither tsla(without credits) and nio are profitable, so that's a moot point
[deleted]
The funny thing is those 'bullshit classes' at a community college are likely to be taught by a more competent teacher than at any research-oriented university.

I never did community college because my university tuition was fully covered in my state but if it hadn't been I sure would have.
You had me at ‘gay hipster’
They are members of the US Congress. Not only would investing in Chinese meme stocks be stupid from a political standpoint, they have enough insider information into the markets to not throw their money into the fire with Chinese meme stocks.
[deleted]
What's wrong with Detroit? That's where RKT HQ is
So you're saying I should diversify my Nikola holdings with some Lordstown?
They were bearish on TSLA before the $900.
same I gave up after a while its bugged
I'm concerned that the people posting in this thread don't realise that you've missed the usual balance between Adderall, alcohol and (hopefully) sarcasm.  

I'm not stupid enough to buy puts, but damn... If you are still holding OTM calls and are expecting a big pump by Wednesday (40%? really?), I don't know how to help you, or them.
[deleted]
This is news which is very much priced in already.
NIO calls and spy puts. You like pain huh
This they way! And only way! Long live my fellow retard, I am right behind u!
If I didn't see your comment here I would have voteRemoteIt for political/medical content without any stock market suggestions to make money... but probably lose it.
Counterpoint or you spend the better part of a year watching this dwindle to nothing.
You can even sell spy weeklies against it if you still want to day trade and have fun

I do this with spy and Tesla leaps
You know if you have deposited an even $12,000 like a real man you wouldn’t have made so much money.
Do you live in detroit. Damn
I finally feel included. Thank you, fellow tard.
Lol I got 50 shares at 45
It’s hysterical to think there are billionaires in 7k suits having meetings in penthouse offices discussing how memes have the power to make stocks skyrocket and how to incorporate “meme magik” into there stock picking decisions and conference calls. Lmao. Puts on this clown world.
Nio to the moon boys! 🐷
I’m also loaded with 300’s 1/15 calls. Let’s go Ma
[removed]
Im in!!!
Hey wsb.

 I had one wish, we would be best friends

Love would never end, it would just begin


If I had one wish, you would be my boo

Promise to love you, trust me I'll trust you


If I had one wish, we would run away

Making love all day, have us a baby

If I had one wish, I'll make you my whole life

And you'd be my wife, make it right this time.

If only....
[removed]
I like this. I like the idea of investing $1k in S&P for a year. Seems smart and safe
Flair checks out
The mortgage payment for a 3 bedroom was $100 more than a 1 bedroom apartment
Considering the quantitative aspects in revenue, earnings, margins, and potential growth, especially on comparison to JD. Reasonable before the two big runups this year.
Shit i might just finesse their house but it's not that good of a house
Cause it’s started it’s drop. The turn just happened. And let’s be clear here. My position is deep OTM puts. Strike 29 for 2 months out. I paid pennies for it, but when it does inevitably drop to the $20s again. I’ll be up a stupid fucking amount. You could do the same if you were capable of trading without emotion
fuck it im in
Yeah they have hype but there is so much competition now.

Really once you buy a cooler or two you dont need anymore they last forever. Same with cups.

I dont really see how they can grow
Thrill of the chase. Eventually you'll transcend that and go for women you're genuinely attracted to, rather than going for women just to prove to yourself you can, etc
I’d rather use a real broker.
I have no choice to not give up but I’ll be a patient boy and hold for a long time and sell calls
Or you could take out a loan for 250k and match with margin
"Pfizer vaccine"


It's the BioNTech vaccine. That's who 100% developed it. The partnership with Pfizer is just about them scaling production and distributing it.
[deleted]
Yes, because I want to gleefully take ur money
It was triggered Tuesday intraday, and was in effect both Wednesday and Thursday
[deleted]
That's not what happened in Detroit
🇨🇳👲⬆️
Seriously? Source?
Yeah, sure. Everyone is building custom software with source code that can be acquired from open source websites.
Just matched a 30 year old with 5 kids. Jesus Christ, she got child support on payroll.
Dad is that you?
Yuck
Jesus Ma just say sorry and let’s get this fucking show on the road. BABA 300c 1/15
Jesus
Your merica sign is melting
Then your property taxes should go down too lol
Economists claim that you are adding liquidity to the market!
SBE
Twitter day trade guru drama is so cringe. It’s also over SOLO 😂
So glad im finally on a train from the very start, PLTR been so nice to me
r/financialindependence
Why would you even touch a put at this point? I mean I wouldn't even consider it until Wednesday closing if it just keep breaking ATH in the 60s. And I would be eyeballing it all day on Thursday just to make a quick buck, but going long on a put? That's just not a good idea considering how much this company will be growing Quarter after Quarter. The trading volume is insane at this point and it's super bullish long term.
What are thoses?
Hahaha the plot twist
I only saw green from my weed lol
With retard holders comes retards strengths
Not even close. Went from like 31 to 27. Now it’s 100 a year later
Iiiinteresting. Gotta be fast in a flash crash. How many contracts did you buy and did you set a buy limit? I’m thinking the price of the contracts went up super quickly, market buy would have been too risky.
RKT poised for launch Monday, I'm not giving up on this old girl!
“New “ shouldn’t have been in there at all. It makes the meme about old Elon musks, not Elon musk. It’s a shit meme.
Give your pwd to Russian hackers and get refund.
FYI WeBull has commission free options trading available on their cash accounts. If you don’t know what that means, there are no day trade limitations. If your account has $1,000 you can make one $1,000 trade or 10 $100 trades and the cash settles overnight. So next day you can go again. However, if you use all your money on one trade you can’t trade again till the next day. Perfect for those who daytade yolos. If you start out with $500 and make 5 16% trades a week, you’ll be sitting at $10,000 in a month. RH screwed me over last week so I just swapped brokers and it’s a game changer.
This.
Yea but what are you going to do if property values start going down
I'm gonna be old AF when i save 500k through salaries
👆
Stimulants
🤣
I ain't diagnosing u, u gotta bring ur ass over to the GP ASAP. Wishing u a speedy recovery.
Yeah, it started Friday after the nosedive and it will co tribute through Monday so it won’t be there Tuesday
Nio is worth 6 million dollars per car made.  Even Tesla wasn't this hyped
Give it a few days 😂
I assumed BA going up was due to the FAA being close to approving the 737max, not due to travel. They have a bunch of airplanes that they can finally clear off their books.
Tesla is at 45% for comparison so not much of a difference.

https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/tsla/institutional-holdings
Then you can quit right now
I wish I could help you. I will say that it takes a little work to keep that desire going with someone you’ve been dating for a while. You have to actively think about what attracts you to that person besides looks because that’s easy to figure out
Ban
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This DD is not thoughtful enough and has been unstickied / reflaired.
What makes you think equity will always increase?
Anddddd it’s all gone ... thanks for playing!
Do you live at parent's home bro?  Anyway sure if the math checks out
Personally 3 weeks ago i woulda said 55 by eoy. But now who knows. Shits been running to hard.
If it was me I’d spend the $12 gains on a nice lunch at Panera. You should be able to cover it.
I already know they’re fucked, but that doesnt matter. Shit could moon when they announce bankruptcy or when Amazon buys them and I’ll still make money
What if you have no expenses
[deleted]
[deleted]
Keep this one a secret but 11/20 bought them for 2.64 a pop
$ROPE
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO 🚀🚀🚀

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju1s1u
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju1s1u) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/sleepybats, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ItchyDoughnut
abick92
mydogeatstoomuch
vapepimp
Throwaway6542256
sleepybats
tabelcake
Ratty-fish
Anyone who has lost money on NIO would have had to have bought in on with FDs on Thursday.  Most people are still way way up.  The jealousy from people left out of this particular play is pathetic at this point.  More posts whining about NIO than people pumping NIO.  All you whiny bitches need to shut up and go make some money.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Long term equity increase. Your rent won’t make you money with time
[removed]
You must I've in an upside down market.  Many places you can buy at loan rates and get more for your money
I mean, i wouldnt say that. But i also wouldnt do that to my family you know. But, i havnt watched porn all month going along w this nnn, and wow it really has changed the way i think. I fuxking love me some dirty sluts. But when you see em online all the time thats all you think about, for me anyway
Goin all in Citi Trends at open
My high school bully still takes my lunch money...

He makes a mean 12" meatball sub
It has huge meme potential.
[deleted]
Not if you roll that into NIO 200c.
That’s the sign to buy puts
When is the expiry?
Half a mil and you don’t have to work again
I bought SLV leaps at the very tippity top
This is for retards who live in the right now, and don’t plan ahead for what a company will/could eventually be worth.
Good luck! Only have 3 contracts and 30 shares but leaps 1/2022 7.5c
We closed up on the week relax...
Maybe he's one of these algorithms made by the big investors to steal our tendies
If you weren’t so busy comparing the size of your dicks you would know that the pretty much WHOLE market ducked Friday not just NIO
I prefer swing full and milky
They’re releasing new gpu series on the 18th
Eh Tesla is going to rule this sector not worth investing in Uber
Look guys.  Stop looking down and start looking forward. 

The market will be higher next year. SPY 430 on the low end and 450 is very reasonable. 

$400c SPY Dec 21. Buy this for less than $10 right now and get many times your money by next Dec. Long term capital gains and you don't have to day trade and lose tendies.
Bro if you don’t want to do any work just do the respectable thing and get a blowjob. Mouth low key feels better than pussy anyway
So 750k or if i move somewhere low COL
Yes. Your comment is an exception.
Why
Looks just like my snapchat puts that took everything from me,  bought me a Tesla, took more from me and finally baselined right above my previous profits for the year. Enjoy the grey hair...it's free!
Do you not see the meme potential this has?
Lol.

Palantir is not “big data”.

You can scream all you want but you clearly do not have any clue of what you’re talking about and I suspect you’re just regurgitating every talking point from others who are the same, clueless.

Good luck with things.

Lol
Long term, businesses are usually valued on profitability, not widgets sold.
Sell puts
people are actually investing in a scooter car company
I do trust soros when it comes to matters like this.
How are you not getting in on the masters! Great payouts on long shots with still two days left so it’s anyone’s game
To be able to answer we need to find data points when i
) SPY did tank and UBER did not and 
ii) SPY stayed flat and UBER went up. 

I haven't looked into that. My prediction here is given where both are, if things are going to end up correcting/reversing, UBER will have a larger correction than the entire market. 

Hypothetically speaking, a 33% correction for SPY has almost same IV but costs a lot more than same for UBER. UBER has less theta, but slightly higher delta.
OP is retarded. Before corona they were on path to Q4 2020 profitability are currently projecting Q4 2021 profitability. 

They’ve been gaining market share by artificially lowering their prices. As they slowly raise prices Rides will achieve profitability. Corona also had the unintended but promising result of exploding the popularity of food delivery.
[deleted]
You’re fulfilling a need In The market.
Hedge funds with billions and 2100 years combined investment knowledge: We don't understand this market, here are your money back. What is left.

WSB with 240.69 RH account: NIO 100c Dec 18 2020 all in.
Look at that buying power. Now that’s a buying power that would make an uncle proud that his brother has retard kids that he doesn’t have to raise.
Yea 3000% in a year is what I would call sustainable growth. Having sold 20,000 cars really puts them in a top tier position
Why do people buy houses? The property tax alone is more than my rent. WTF
I was going to ask you if you're actually serious or simply pretending to be a fool, but the end result is still the same.
Post gone in 5,4,3,2...
So Tesla is basically criminally undervalued. Not only cause if the amount of cars they deliver compared to NIO but the fact that they are taking over a few other sectors including energy (with solar panel) and their autonomous semi truck and taxi service. Get in while u can folks
40% is pretty low tbh, I think that’s why it dips hard with all the paper hands
400 SPY calls into mondays open that was 4.5% then SPY puts/BA puts into Thursday close held until Friday got blown away
Your baseline that TSLA isn’t over valued is awesome they are all stupid 

Bubbles can last years though
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=ju456m&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=ju456m&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=ju456m)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^14 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
[deleted]
I dont think it exists. I just emailed them to try to get them to allow me to open positions again amd reverse my pdt violation restrictions. Automated msg vack saying maybe i hear back in 3 daya
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nearly-impossible-for-amc-to-survive-coronavirus-impact-without-strategy-shift-analyst-153103618.html  

U r fuck
This is the kind of DD I come here for
SSR is in effect the following two trading days
Keep trying dude. There’s lots of great women out there

Just maybe try to start something not sex based first
Yes i think so
“I turned 250k into 300k!”

This is a gambling sub
[removed]
With SPY near its top, not a bad play at all. Godspeed.
iLLY’s is pretty good
Still pourin one out for slv gang
Literally as little or as much as you want.
https://amp-benzinga-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/amp.benzinga.com/amp/content/18367263?amp_js_v=0.1&usqp=mq331AQFKAGwASA%3D#origin=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&prerenderSize=1&visibilityState=visible&paddingTop=32&p2r=0&csi=1&aoh=16053689859266&viewerUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2Famp%2Fs%2Famp.benzinga.com%2Famp%2Fcontent%2F18367263&history=1&storage=1&cid=1&cap=navigateTo%2Ccid%2CfullReplaceHistory%2Cfragment%2CreplaceUrl%2CiframeScroll

Good, sensible article about NIO for anyone still holding. I sold for profits on Friday.
[deleted]
Won't matter. The hot potato will just keep getting hotter but that ok. The gains will be through the roofs.
That is the joke.
25x your annual expenses should do it
Can PLTR make a TWLO like run in the next 12 mo’s?
Check the technicals. Lol how bout you tell me what’s in the technicals that you’ve seen that justifies it. I’ll wait. Nothing can justify 60 billion MC. And I held calls in NIO for the last two weeks stopping on Wednesday. Now I have long puts. Stop being a little boy mad I’m dissing his crush and see the reality. It’s gone up 3000%. It’s going to go down now. It’s stupid to not atleast hedge with puts
[deleted]
Good thing NIO is the real deal then
These are the same people who see spending half of their lives working as an inevitability, but will tell you family is what matters...
just buy mountain property now in a century or two it will become beach front property 🤑
I didn’t know when they were coming out I would’ve done the same
But if you give people money they’ll be happy and quiet. Going into the holidays they’ll have their $$ so why go out and March the streets
Ceos selling shares is not wierd. Whats the point of being a millionaire if you cant spend the money. They need to sell the shares for PROFIT which is something you may not have done before, to buy things
weasel shit coffee
Been buying AMC leaps 1/23’s $5c for the past month with spare cash and am up 30%. So should I be flipping these continuously selling when it pops and buying when it’s not trying to time it, or should I just keep amassing them for a year and see what happens
I'm just fucking with you bro. But you need to enjoy this phase of your life when you got those young thots
How much money do I need to not need a 9-5
SSR would only be in effect Monday, not Tuesday. Unless it dips another 10% Monday
Gave me a chuckle. Thank you
If I were you I would not do that unless you want to end up like that dude with blisters on his dick.

Just a heads up.
If they don’t have a ban bet or pics of positions I don’t even read it
$356
She’s retarded. Just let her say what wants to say, nod, and move on.
Calls and puts, mostly cash. Daytraders covering on a Friday is not a squeeze
Weekend meow
Making a pot roast is so easy.  Just dump the shit in in the morning and forget about it for 6-8 hours.  Wings aren't actually bad in the crock pot either.
A profitable POS
Agreed. TBF, their valuation was pumped up 35% literally in just two days... what’s you opinion on it before the hype, tho?
Or maybe you haven’t bought anything expensive that hasn’t given you the satisfaction you imagined it would.
That would be par for 2020. I’m thinking Biden catching covid and not having the same outcome as Trump is more likely though.
💰💰💰
Only if you touch my pp
someones about to loose the big bucks XD
Thank you brother
There’s a new DD popping up
every five minutes and they’re all ass 😭
Weve done 3 wheeled cars

Google “reliant robin” we need to stop trying to make it happen lmao
Depression?
If if you think about it, the women who want you you don’t care about. We desire what we don’t have. Think about all those people living paycheck to paycheck buying Gucci, they desire a life they don’t have.
Yuppp
Being 50 and married I have very little sex drive. A lifetime of putting up with females has done that.
To get reelected you need to actually be voted in so this is more of a coup
I can hook you up with a bankruptcy lawyer
You think PSTH will come before EOY?
[deleted]
I see what you're saying and you're completely right.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
the ballad of buster scruggs
QFIN 🚀🚀🚀
Home Depot calls
GOOGL put spreads 3 weeks ago wiped me out. 96%+ loss.  Came back a little then get tissue hands with my NIO calls and sold during the dip.  
I have great % losses, but the dollar amounts would leave me banished to r/smallstreetbets 

I'm not broke, I'm in a transitional stage of my investing...
I got lifelong write offs
Love you too
People always make it sound like these delivery services take like 50% and you’re left losing money etc lol.
Got it, make a pile of shit and call it an electric car.
Seriously. Last weekend was wild cuz of the election but this weekend is back to boring.
[deleted]
This is how it looks like in Mars?
Sounds like anomie.
That is why you fail. Check the technicals and you'll see your flaws. You have a totally biased and negative view torwards disruptive industries. You're going to miss out on a lot of opportunities during your lifetime if you don't control that fear. If it does hit 64 by next Wednesday what now? You'll be too late to even think about hopping in because by Friday it'll be consolidating in the mid 50s.
Yo apple is seriously sneaky asf, I pay $15 for family apple music and 200gb for iCloud storage $3 for a grand total of $18 BUT i can get Apple One which includes apple arcade, apple tv, 200gb, and family plan for apple music for $20 

😑
>They create custom software solutions for large enterprises.

FOR BIG DATA

THEY ARE BIG DATA ANALYSIS, it's literally the same exact thing/sector. 

Software is like fucking Java and shit, big data analysis custom-solutions is more than 'software'.
You might be a sociopath
If the stock sales are scheduled and known in advance we should look for any scheduled sales with other covid names and expect a pr boost a day or two before
Because no one here now was most likely here in 2017, so I’m giving as close an estimate as possible

You absolute, smooth brained ape of a “person”
We post loss porn here sir, not EKGs of your dad when he hears about your diagnosis.
You rolling in from stupid town or something?
[deleted]
Raymond James just lifted price target from $48 to $52 for Mirum Pharmaceuticals and marked it as a Strong-Buy. MIRM has an average 12-month price target of $40.80, 5 buy ratings and one strong-buy. MIRM is currently at $19.19. No options available but may be a good time to buy some shares and let ‘em sit for a while
[deleted]
Favorite part about this is how many meals it lasts for. I make a big pot and leave it in the fridge and make fresh noodles for every serving so it only takes about ten minutes of prep for each meal after you make it. Lasts me about a week and I never get tired of it.
I've got calls on NVDA and puts on Spy for Monday
The last 15 minutes was a short squeeze on spy sorry bro but your puts are worthless
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Super awesome to trade 24 hours and little capital for lots of leverage on minis and you can capture moves that don’t happen in the open session

Downside is you have to be disciplined and cut losses cuz things can go south quickly and there’s no limit on your losses cuz your capital is just held as margin you still owe the difference when you close the contract. 

And I can never sleep when I have open contracts
Pro - Unlimited Day Trades  


Con - Can lose more money than you put into it
First earnings for both of them though.

Nio usually dips post earnings. Unless theres some crazy figures reported, it'll probably follow past trends.
I hate Binance and like Paypal. But Paypal just broke the partnership completely with eBay. Now I gotta use eBay’s dumbass payment platform. Not sure how that would affect their earnings seeing as how each eBay purchase netted them 30c + 3%. Thats a lot of tendies.
I remember joining around summer 2019, I think we only had 300k or less back then...
With his naming being Crusty\_Dick I imagine he does in fact have to pay for that.
I’m impressed that trumps tweeting about covid relief. Didn’t expect him to give a shit unless he somehow thinks this will help him get re-elected.
W a t e r
Good morning autist. Fav coffee brand? Like real coffee not that Starbucks shit. I’ve been consistently drinking Death Wish Coffee, looking to mix things up!
Swing low sweet chariots
pancakes
Hey you! I hope you have a great rest of the day. Don't let me catch you slipping. Or else I'm gonna... try to put a smile on that beautiful face. Haha seriously though have a good day man.
Blackrock, vanguard, Goldman Sachs, jp Morgan are just a few of the institutional investors holding nio. They're over 40% institutionally owned. I think we're good 📈💸📈
can I get the ps5?
All of those are logical explanations for the drop. Where's the emotion? The yolo? The FOMO??
Nah I'd go with splunk
I’m in for two lottos. 11/20 $100 put (.07), 11/27 $100 put (.25). May take a larger position, with higher strikes depending how monday trades.
[deleted]
Eh you prob would anyway
Once a merger is announced, if you don't like it and want out, the SPAC will redeem your shares for cash. The amount is approximately $20/share and is your pro rata share of the trust fund value.


Today, each share of PSTH has 2/9 warrant attached. If you hold through merger completion, then you'll be given 2/9 warrants later. If others redeem shares, you'll be given pro rata share of their abandoned warrants also. That is the tontine.


You can exercise the warrants at $23.
So many people distracted by NIO to see the rug pull coming
Then why'd you answer you fucking retard
I was here at the beginning of the China trade war shit... had around 300k at that time I believe.
Plenty of time for something to happen. What strike?
Devil’s advocate: in a year like 2020, would it surprise you at this point if something happened that overturned it? No matter how wild or unlikely. Just saying, things that we know for sure sometimes are not so.
Do you even like women bro because you should not have this reaction with a naked woman in front of you
I hate this man, I’m signing that with as many accounts as possible
[removed]
Hahaha, classic.
Holding both shares and options 🎉😬
Yes pls. My sbux and wynn calls would love that
LMAO they're driving cars transporting people the fuck you going on about biking you're a product of your own failures.
It's literally the opposite way
Made bolognese sauce recently. Pretty fun and very tasty. Finely chop carrots onions garlic and celery, cook some bacon and chop that up too and add it to ground beef. Supposed to brown the beef but I've realized the few times I've done it you practically want to sear it. Get the pan nice and hot before you throw the beef in or all its juices will prevent proper browning by the time it cooks. Drain some of the grease and throw some white wine in to deglaze. After that I'm pretty sure everything goes in, your chopped veggies, tomato sauce, parm, and heavy cream. Season as you like and simmer for 4 hours. I even put some garam masala in mine and it was terrific. Hard to overseason the dish so go wild. Cook up your noodles whenever the sauce is ready, linguini is best.
Yep. 

Sell off was just to give them a better buy in or f over 11/13 call holders.
just request a chargeback from your credit card
[removed]
[deleted]
I have a hangover today and it’s not fun
Fuck you
[deleted]
Yes. I don't know if you know the fact that Pin, which is the act of I guess joining together (in this context to buy things) has become a huge meme in China.

I object to Pin-ing because for me it's a waste of time especially given how those prices are also often associated with limited stock.

My main issue with PDD is valuation rather than anything else, it prices in continuously and aggresively taking away market share from BABA and JD but those two are not slouchers like Intel with AMD.
[deleted]
Ah yes. I too have an only fans for my brokerage account. 

The lines drive them wild.
[deleted]
Inflammation in the rectal (inner butt, feel it with ur fingers) and my patients described it as painful uneasy feeling, sometimes theres blood. However, half of those I treat mentioned they don't feel anything weird so I'm asking u to do a proper check-up cuz it varies among individuals.

 It spreads to wherever the blood carries, eye infection has been documented before. It gets worse if it gets spread to other sex partners.
737 max trials end soon. They will get a pop from that. It's already overbought. So sell the rip.
Yeah, NIO is in pure gamble territory now.  If it does go down on Monday I will take a flyer on some options.  Same with XPEV.  Also, WMT options went nutty Friday.  If WMT goes down a little Monday I'll grab some for earnings on 11/17.
[deleted]
I'm definitely getting puts before earrings
[removed]
Cant even find a damn phone number
What will nvda open at mon???







Yolod
Pffffft.... rookies.  I can lose money without even trying
Stfu nerd
I’ve joined the discord twice and left it within minutes both times.
Lmao who tf drives that shit other than on a campus or some shit
Forgive him.  He’s retarded.
Yeah the tone was like wtf were you thinking lol
They don't have a number to call lmao
12/4, I dont know what im expecting to happen.
😂😂
Instead of typing out a novel I’m just gonna link you to some Gordon Ramsey recipes.

https://youtu.be/1_FGV90sDYw

Instant 10 baggers whenever Gordon is in his kitchen. I’ve tried some of these recipes he makes at home and they’re all fire and relatively easy. The hardest part is going to the grocery store and getting ingredients
Rich people spend money.
Because of all the bikinis
I'M NOT FUCKING LEAVING!!!
WEW LAD

So many reports.
What about IV crush
Location location location
[deleted]
What support?
[deleted]
It's up several hundred percent and only sold 10,000 vehicles lol. Also, it's a Chinese ADR which is less than worthless.
The election is over, did you just wake up from a coma?
They thought ENPH was only worth $6-7 last year
I’d say get a full panel test.
The usual one is just for hiv
Oh god wow
I have shares. See you in the poor house
Once the light rail is completed in 25yrs, traffic will fixed... due to tech/automation & everyone working from home.
Please tell me those puts don’t expire next week??
Only 25 million im skeptical tbh
Well, good luck. You'll break even in 20 years. And with even better luck with the help of folks here you might even retire in 5.
I remember when I used clay during art class to make brass knuckles to fight my friends at the cafeteria.
>institutions panicking  


Lol
Who wants a romcom when you've got pornhub?
Sucking dick at Wendy's is definitely a con
Well at least you didn’t flatline
All we need is a paper trade competition 👀
Bruh unlike you I'm a MAN I could look at trump and tell him 'HEY thats was some dumbasz shit you did bombing that airfield' and also say when he did something right you know...sorta like....how FULL GROWN ADULT MALE should act
So uSA good china bad is what you're saying. I'll stop investing in Nio when NKLA delivers at least 10 semis in the near future.

So Probably never.
RH won’t give me my in-app purchases back. Guess I’ll have to call support :(
Oh if you want to stop wanting to have sex just have a few kids. Done
If you cant do it in a lambo you dont deserve a lambo.
In the trump era no. That’s what deregulation is code for
You can contact support to undo your trades
Ayyy I’m the somalian
[deleted]
“Big data” is typically reserved for companies that harvest data.

Google, Facebook, msft, apple, heck...even pins is getting there.

They own the information of demographic behavior.

I don’t think you understand what “big data” is.
Palantir isn’t a “big data” company.

They create custom software solutions for large enterprises.
Priced in, time to  dump
They probably bought idiotic puts long ago and lost every fucking penny that grandma gave them after passing
DD flair this mods
[deleted]
Killing yourself would do the trick
Damn who pissed in your Cheerios this morning? Why are you commenting on a 28 day old post get a life you fuckhead
I have an instant pot, should probably use it more
[deleted]
Bro thats a hard one to find now a days, a lot of women dont want kids, our species is fucked.
Should’ve just held li and sell next week

Rookie mistakes but you learn
I panick sold after Citron shat on INNO made money but missed out the on serious Tendies.  I panick sold yesterday after Citron shat on NIO yesterday made good money but if it moons next week I'm gonna go postal.
More time to prepare is fine. Fewer ingredients the better though
I'm still waiting for my investments in Enron, Worldcom, and Theranos to pay off.
I’ve been wheeling NIO since 10/23 lol
Fuck a WSB discord? I can only get so hard
I love the daily and weekend threads. It’s the only thing on wsb (and all of Reddit) that I read. It’s a steady flow of information, alerts me to market-moving news I missed, keeps me on my toes (bc of all the shitposts), makes me laugh out loud sometimes, and helps me keep my head when the absurdity of the market might otherwise get to me emotionally. 

Now every time I open it I am hit with a disclaimer that what I’m about to read is “low quality” and that a deep dive into McDonalds’ balance sheet, for example, would be “high quality.” Classic example of management ignoring customer behavior and instead being guided by their own superficial values based on a moral view of economics and society. They are insulting their own product and condescending to their users. 

Nobody wants to eat salad at McDonald’s. Nobody wants to watch “Dear White People” on Netflix. Nobody wants some shitty DD written by 19yo retards on wsb. That’s what cnbc.com is for.
Exactly. If you really hate it that much at least show us you’re willing to go down with the ship that is being a gay bear
Lold
False. It kills her sex drive
Then it’s maybe not worth your time
Institutions panicking? Gimme a fuckin break
JD POWWWAAAA
[deleted]
Why are beach houses so expensive
[deleted]
I too,  am Zimbabwean
I’ve always really wanted to like Lana Rhoades but that stupid cherry tattoo really throws me off.
Wtf why they are different conpanies with different market caps. Are you retarded?
Meditation is an exercise in self control
[deleted]
[deleted]
hang in there :)
It’s high before the article was $54 now it’s $44 that’s way more than a couple dollars bucko. ER literally has to be the largest in the world for car companies to justify its current value. You get it’s not just about if the company is good right? You have to factor it’s price in as well. I could be the best hotdog cart vendor in the world but it wouldn’t make sense if my market cap was a trillion
Some people make a little money then lose a lot. I was down 2.4k since I started in Janurary(USO reverse split my ass). Now only down 1k thanks to last week.
Low. It’s got some fear in it with covid worsening. I’m moving on from it for the time being, but long term they’ll be fine and it’s absolutely worth keeping on the radar. With SPCE you’ve got everyone talking about the flight next week, so IV climbs. Sadly, NIO is good too. If you see it mentioned a bunch here, chances are it’s a great Theta play lol
Monday 6:30 am
You think only white people are disgusted with china? 😂
Because she’s totally stable
Was here in 2018, idk the number but definitely under a mil
That shit is made up.  They contrive clickbait/sensationalist shit to get readers and followers.  On MarketWatch they have a letters to the editor section and the shit sounds so fake.
Anyone heard of $bird Off chain oracle analytics platform ? 

Bird.money 

50% token sale at the going live now ..
[deleted]
This hasn’t aged well
Haven’t been in it since Wednesday. Never played it as anything but a meme. Kids are acting like NIO was their prom date tho. Use it, abuse it, then lose it. These are the meme stock trading rules
You are mixing up numbers.  The Oct 22 update showed he had $2.636M in the account for a gain of $2.246.

The most recent update shows a total value of $1.348M with a gain of $957.

If you are consistent with which number you use he is down $1.288 either way. ($2.636 - $1.348 or $2.246 - 957)
You are literally retarded
I think I have a problem
Yeah, this guy’s strategy would give me a heart attack.
Yes.
Obv not.
Actual casino's give way better odds
I guess you don't know what the fuck the term unfunded liabilities means. that's well over 200 trillion and it's not any part of the budget. why don't you "read a fucking book"?
[deleted]
Go long on Tesla and NIO and you'll soon be back.
Do you not understand what software does? Jesus christ
What part of the word “custom” confused you?
12/20 calls on $fing
Imagine thinking penny stocks are equivalent to options lol
oh God you are so far gone.

money is not something that is one giant pie and the entire budget gets split up from it.

everything is borrowed for. this country doesn't have any money to pay for anything.

but go on with your bullshit rubber stamp inbred left wing insults like "read a book, duhhh"

why you read Joe biden's website? it's right fucking on there.

he's also said it a hundred times in the last eight months.

but you go on with your fucking ignorance and arrogance and fuck your mother with it too.
Its gambling and lots of groups watch WSB to figure out what to short or pump and dump leaving some retards holding the bags. If you lose on a bet, don't blame anyone but yourself and your own retard bets.
[deleted]
ban this tard too
[deleted]
It's just something very personal between Jack and his master.
I can only hope to recover like you sir. Double down much?
How does gambling compare to meth?
Tax write off bro unless it’s over 3k then well more write offs next year
Oh yea stocks do, not meme stocks tho. They pump then dump
Shit. On $310m in margin. 200x margin. No profits. Good luck and get out.
BEST stock is best stock
1 ball Jamal
I have religiously followed sports since I could walk 27 years ago. Sports betting has still caved my ass wide open. I wish I never started a decade ago. That is just me - some people can set a weekly budget and abide by it.

I would strongly recommend against it.
Do u want easy recipes or recipes that will take a minute and some extra love?
Okay. I kind of agree that it is overvalued but I also don't think it's worth $25. Interesting. Of course he would want the price to halve.
Think about the survivors bias inherent in these post. You’re more likely to post a gain than loss. If it was that easy to make a shitload of money everyone would be doing it. 

That being said, you sound retarded, so you’d fit right in with the rest of us.
Glad your wife got a boyfriend
He cares more about his space adventure pursuits than being a competitor in an aggressively growing EV industry. In other words, he got his.
[deleted]
Username checks out. Already ate the cheese though.
Cause it’s dumb? And we’re not talking to you we’re talking to the retards asking if there’s still a chance to get in on it.
[deleted]
Yep your right, I can’t math
I’m looking at DKNG as my next potential wheel. Gotta see the IV now that ER is over
calls on covid cases in Ontario. New 52W high daily
[deleted]
[deleted]
Can we fast forward to the stage where enough people have lost money on NIO that it’s done being talked about
Quintessential blowoff top.

&#x200B;

Be careful.
Lol that’s why I picked a job without math I guess
This
Just before the ol flat line
Yo how many subs did WSB have back in 2017?
When are we expecting Moderna's Pammmp?
When an short selling article comes out a couple of bucks is all they get as a downward trend you better watch out because next week it's breaking ATH again. ER is going to be massive. The whole market is going to be watching this.
Ha I sold my 200 shares of SOLO a few months ago at $4 because I didn’t think it was going to go anywhere. If it breaks 10 or squeezes like nio ima be sad
I thought that bringing the *cheese* was already implied
Delta, it cuts both ways.
You should try it and report back
Fvac
So, you mean to tell me that they are a company that sells products that can found on opensource websites? That is what Soros invested in?
People that say money can't buy happiness must have TERRIBLE imaginations.
Google solo ev and then click images.
Maybe not but it gives your brain power to control desire
But isn’t the DOJ and SEC at least both investigating the company?

To flip this argument around, would you invest in an american company that engages in this behavior? No? So why a Chinese company?
Username checks out
You're on wsb bro, what do you expect? Fuck off with your gay bear feelings for China and let us make our tendies however we want
[deleted]
Well, alright, let's assume this is a good and probable event of 80%. Exactly what are the ratios you're using in the hedge? And exactly what greeks are you hedging with this beta play? I mean I would assume you would want it as insensitive to the beta bet as possible so that the small change works as a hedge in the case of an outsized move in Spy not but Uber (as just happened when it rose Nov 9.)
Doubt it would be 20-25% of our revenue like drivers are already, or the 5% refund "allowances." Don't know the exact number, but there are some stores that run at 30-40% of all expenses go to drivers. So who knows. Depends on the deal that we would get I'd assume.
Just pull your penis off
Gtfo of NIO after next week
[deleted]
Only if you dont cry before during or after
Anyone that actually trades futures here? Give me pros and cons of it
My ass is loose yes
I guess. I don’t care for half the shit I trade, as long as the trade makes sense. DKNG for instance, or TSLA. I played DKNG perfectly this week. Super happy about that.
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtx8ih/anyone_still_in_nio_is_retarded/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Kinda not sure about a tracking stock and how it’ll have a long term positive outcome
Nice, when did you purchase the puts?
It really is lol. People are pushing a 60 billion car company that’s sold 20k cars. The only DD is the future is a thing.
Darn, looks like mine
Lol. 

A software company is “big data”?

Ok.
In the place where you’re still slamming chicks but thinking it’s pointless
You too! I think we are on a good path.
Yup bought short dated calls for $45 and sold already, made out ok. Still holding on to 12/11 $34p and might load more further out expy next week.
The world is your oyster, you can do either and if u are lucky both.
Wait I'm colorblind.. oh... maybe that's why
See You Space Cowboy.
Biden+ surge last week
[deleted]
Gonna get stocks and calls
Bro we’re all fucked if you take away the hormones that want to make you fuck then you also take away all the qualities that make you a man i.e. you would become a child.
[deleted]
Some people bought call cuz of it. I’m a market influencer
NIO 45c 12/4 x10 , so theres that...
>There's no core advantage if the only reason your customers buy products on your platform is that you subsidize them.

Sure, but then we probably should look to see if this premise actually holds. After all, it's not like Taobao or Tmall cannot afford the 10b subsidy. I guess a lot of people truly enjoy the experience of sharing the purchase for a lower price, which can be ignored by people with higher income, since they just consider this behavior cheap and rude. I also read that the entry bar for PDD is lower than that for BABA, and PDD is also more friendly to sellers. But none of these could count as DD, if this is not posted on WSB...

Anyhow, i own a bit shares for all the three companies. Don't care about losing them all...
And maybe you just needa find a woman that does things for u like give u time energy, money. Then she can get a dif bf to dick her down
Uninstall then reinstall and you get your losses back
Their cups and mugs are like $35
It’s so unknown rn whether baba will continue to tank or soar next week, I love it
You use the crock pot at all? Easy meals
I also told her to tell you to go all in on PLTR.
[deleted]
🆑eekend Ⓜ️ow
But I thought stocks only keep going up?
have 1218 150c bot when WMT hit low 140s. expect it to hit atleast close to TGT share price after ER
[deleted]
Enjoy being squeezed :)
If solo opens at 10 on Monday, I’d lick my cum
I already have a huge stack from NIO alone why not risk some of it to make even more? Especially since the odds are in my favor.
[deleted]
Watch how profitable it will be
STarDash
Err yea.. $25
Everybody knows you fold it...what kind of Neanderthal cuts it...?
60 billion
[deleted]
[deleted]
Inverse this guy
You’ll never see $54 again
Try this one: [http://ilovesoup.net/beets-kube-soup-an-authentic-meat-semolina-balls-soup-2/](http://ilovesoup.net/beets-kube-soup-an-authentic-meat-semolina-balls-soup-2/)
Jesus, invest £3m well and you can live off £250k a year for the rest of your life
Imo Tesla produces the same china shit under a american brand
I trade meme stuff because IV but I actually have to like the stock and what they do. Idk if I wanna invest in space safaris and private space exploration
Hope so. Numbers arent there at all right now as Shanghai built model ys are exported to neighboring countries. We shall see if the price drop helps or if it's a difference of ideals where the Chinese prefer Chinese products.
Meditation. Chastity belt
My leap is down 55% so I bought shares @259 which I think is the dip
>They create custom software solutions, part of which, helps their customers manage their data in an effective manner.

So they create ways to organize big data into more reasonable forms that normies can understand; therefore, they are still big data
We all know bears don't have the balls that us bulls do. They run their mouth but can't back it up
Ok cool. I haven’t showered today though. Hope that’s fine.
In CO some resorts are taking reservations. When it first opened there were something like 120k people on average in queue. Shits fucked.
why not do a CSP on ZM and use that premium to buy calls if you are that bullish. way more leverage for less capital risk.
[deleted]
how do I restart my robinhood account?
Having kids will kill your sex drive
Vaccine. Some FB mom said it turns u gay.
I’m scared of my BA puts  no one cares about Covid and people keep buying
OK I see binance us on the article not binance.com , if it was against binance.com I will all in.
I was gonna say this guy just learned what the word beta is but then he actually gave some DD
Holding till earnings my losses are so bad it’s not even worth salvaging
I'll meet you behind the dumpster in 20 minutes. Bring your foreskin too.
At least he didn't tell you to buy calls on NIO.
Nio popped
Most people here lose
What about the cut that DD takes?
🤦
325?
Solo for actual retards.
NIO for big gains
Fucked
Anyone have any good recipes they've tried lately? Getting bored with my usual cooking
Were going to have a bunch of SPAC announcements these coming weeks. Might have to get some lottos on like 5-8 names
I think the same thing too bu tg the best pops before covid were mostly brick and mortar stores
You riding the squeeze?
ARK has some dumbass content in their "research" if you really dig into the weeds. Clearly, they have no staff person dedicated to editing their research materials.

For example, [this](https://ark-invest.com/analyst-research/automation-in-agriculture) article. Trash editing.

> Thanks to the tractor, farm productivity increased dramatically. Between 1950 and 2015 total farm output nearly tripled while employment dropped by more than two thirds, as shown below.

REALLY?! Thanks to THE TRACTOR? He says in a prior paragraph it's used as a proxy, but here, the meaning is fairly unambiguous.
This is the way
No young blood it’s all the older traders just looking on sadly as you touch the stove we told you was hot.
Aa long as it moves NIO like Citron
Nio thoughts for next week. Red Monday due to institutions panicking, but retail bullish.... Tuesday, intuitions realize they may have over panicked small run up on earnings. Wednesday if nio is good on earning and forward guidance and deliveries boom back to bull run. If they miss eps deliveries and no guidance its going down. Maybe scarlet letter down. Basically flip a coin. Either nio is the one and goes back up, or nio fucks retail.
[removed]
Stimi will never happen. Get your cock back in your pants now.
415 weekly
Buy puts
Stay as long as you can
I honestly treat it like fishing. Maybe yolo a pre flop raise if I got a chance at a straight or flush. Last time I played though I got wiped for $200 but I was just bleeding. Didn’t lose all at once
That’s a supreme level retarded stock
Dead money Pfizer
8 YEAR OLDS DUDE
[deleted]
Its some high quality shit
Castration
[deleted]
I just made $61k buy buying 0DTE puts at 1045am. It’s possible lol
Basil Hayden
Put bleach in a watering can and pour on your crotch - at your own risk
Buy puts
bullish af on BABA. wrote 240p 1218 and used that premium on jan 22 leap call. They recently forayed into Japan too.
Did you try the brown, cage free eggs?
I dunno bro. Seems like it may have actually hit a reversal on the hourly chart so maybe thats a good play. I am v bullish on jd rn but theres news about shanghai delaying their fintech ipo also so. China fuk rn
> If western countries refused to allow China to do business here, they would screech about how "racist" we are.

Funny, Trump was attempting this exact same thing, even throwing in his usual remarks of "Chinese virus" this and "kung flu" that for good measure.  And yet the only race riots that happened under his watch was in relation to a black man being killed by police.

> So just ot be clear, you're cool with America doing whatever thefuck they want to Chinese companies, right?

According to capitalism, both ways are A-OK.  So just to be clear, you're not gonna somehow argue that capitalism is only A-OK when we do it, right?
I really dgaf as long as it pumps again this week.
[deleted]
aaannnd its gone
I agree with you but that their numbers are better than the other Chinese evs out there but the Chinese market isnt there yet and we are probably a year or two away from substantial sales. Nio is only producing 20k cars a year and are valued at like 43 billion. They've had a stellar run but they are looking dangerously overvalued rn and I wouldn't be surprised if they have a major correction. Was holding 80 x $28 sold at $43 then invested and became a gay bear. 2x $41p 04/12 exp.
I have an 8 year old. Cash is fine (if it comes inside a card). If you hate his parents, get him a card that makes noise when you open it. TBH, he probably won’t care about the cash, but hopefully his parents have a jar or something where he can keep the cash. With a little luck, by the time quarantine ends that $20 will still be worth $10 in today’s dollars!
GEGENPRESSING
Thoughts on nio and solo
Well considering an Uber employee who came from Google went to jail for taking Google intellectual property with him to Uber. The Uber self driving hype died long ago. However, all companies will have self driving cars maybe a year after the first company does. I expect that’ll be more than a decade from now.  Short term puts based on this idea is even dumber. You think Uber will crash because of self driving failures in a few weeks? You are a pants on head retard and card carrying member of this subreddit. Congrats.
needs a cooldown, be careful
They sell $40 dog bowls
Shitron's report is actually bullish AF given their history...
I dunno but people love that shit.  I've seen tons of YETI bumper stickers on trucks lately
Thanks man
Not sure why else I would be here
[deleted]
Will it just please not dump?
[removed]
[deleted]
Yes. 10% pullback at least heading into year end.

For some reason people think this is like the summer wave, when it's going to be much worse in both deaths and lockdown measures
Moon on monday then tank post earnings if thats the case imo.
Ha. Scrub. I successfully traded my way above the 25k barrier. And guess what. Don’t even use my day trades.
Check ur panties. Usually comes with pain in ur butthole. Watch out for rash and ulcers as it may indicate syphilis and herpes. Get some help son, before it spreads. There's nothing to be ashamed about it.
You asked for theta gangs opinion, what did you expect? Lol. You trade that meme shit
Did it end red? Then there weren’t enough buyers
Thanks for the rec my brother
Thanks king 👑
Still has more room to drop my man
Where is the “just buy tech calls” guy these days
[deleted]
Lifetime Fitness in our area is like a country club without the golf. Hoping it sticks around because I love it but I bought the bow flex adjustable dumbbells at the start of COVID so I could work out at home until it nlows over
Holding some shares, got them friday for a semi safe bet. Already up 4% and extended hours +1.3% let's see what happens...
I see a lil run up in our future
[deleted]
Name: XxXstonkslayerXxX

PW: ********
"the founder" probably
[removed]
I don't know. Sometimes poker can be boring af when you can't catch a hand.
Pfizer calls were hella cheap on Friday.
Wtf! is RH down i cant sell my options, anyone else having this problem?

Edit: it’s Saturday fucking Stock PTSD
It means you cant short to the bid.
Hello son. I can shed some light on this for you. You see investors actually want the company to spend the money they've been given. It's called a burn rate. Uber will have problems if it doesn't spend money fast enough. Crazy I know. Also, their legal team is massive. Imagine fighting not only the fed and state gov, but also local municipalities on how and if they can operate. Throw in fighting for market share in what is expected to be a disruptive service to one of the largest industries on the planet, and yeah, you get a shit load of spending.
.53 cents? That is indeed a tiny amount of money.
[ok](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/meme/images/d/db/Rick-astley.png/revision/latest/top-crop/width/360/height/450?cb=20200713010539)
If you want more, here's some Tokyo Drift by that guy.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv69o0j4X28&feature=youtu.be&t=148
[deleted]
Tbh not a big deal. Buy the dip
Uppies, I think. Bc the ssr would be in effect = short sellers can't hit bid. idk what some of these words i just typed mean so I'm going to read some stuff now.

EDIT: Yeah, methinks uppies.

[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortsalerule.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/shortsalerule.asp)

[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/downtick.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/downtick.asp)
Options and this stupid subreddit have made weekends super boring.
You crazy son of a bitch!   I'm all in!

Positions?   ...I'll send nudes...
Grwg
Should I buy Nio stocks?
[deleted]
Yes I don’t really get FOMO anymore because there are always more opportunities
Share buybacks super bullish. My calls still expired worthless tho
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They ain’t letting mango getting any credit.. they’ll need to pump Monday.. I’m guessing cases went 140 to 170/day next stop 200? Good luck out there in the trenches brother
lol Teddy
[deleted]
Here we go again with the damn  stimulus talks being main sentiment towards the market. No thanks
If they close to binance volume iam in

Where you see the volume?
I think peloton really only attracts such a niche audience(privileged housewives) and such that I can’t see it going up further long term, it’s a valid product but way overpriced and I think that’ll hurt their earnings especially as people start to go outside more
[removed]
Pics
I think unlikely given positive results from BABA and PDD. Won't mind holding for a few more months worse case scenario.
Just remember how hard you worked to click the icon all night
Yo when the fuck does Roblox IPO. I swear to god that will be a good stock. Insane revenue and low expenses
Solid earnings, and some hype behind it continuing to grow
I’m convinced we’re all assuming back to lockdown
Bought 200 shares on ZM (I fucking hate ZM) on Friday @ 2:05PM

Looking for a swing trade for when retail piles back in on the news of shutdowns
You are so late to the game everyone else already left lol
I’d say I do hate myself but anything can happen
[deleted]
I’m shorting NIO, waiting until after earnings but this company is currently supper overvalued. Too much exuberance in it right now with everyone thinking it’s the next Tesla.
I can't wear socks and sleep
Drop the best episode
Sounds kinda melancholy. Not the vibe i was going for. And btw ypu prob shpuldnt. Cause, babies
buy the sheekend show dip
Highly doubtful.  *unless* the Biden team starts pushing really hard rhetoric about another shutdown.   Then maybe on the panic drop.  I took profits early this week, expecting a good sell off after the realization hit that we're still months away from real distribution, and waiting for news to drop about WW84 release moving... there will be another drop on that news, but nothing catastrophic. 

My buy back target was sub-12... and I almost did yesterday when it it dipped on the open.   But I'm trying so hard to be disciplined with trading....  so i hit the cromwell craps tables and by the time i left, the pop over 13 was already blazing and i refuse to fomo buy back in.  

Bottom line, wait for a little dip and buy back in.  Only way this thing moons over night is if a vaccine is suddenly fully distributed.   Or....i guess if you're not a degenerate (clearly we've established that I am) just by now and hold for a few months, you're still going to more than double your money.
Check the volume on NIO 67c I own just about all of them and I bought them when NIO was at 53$
[deleted]
Make your own? That's what I've started doing 🤗
I got jenkum too. Want some?
I'd be happy with $25. But even that is a long shot.
GEGENPRESSING
Hes still irrelevant and no one cares about his tweets.
who the fuck buys stocks anyway.
[deleted]
Boy you better not bring those scissors anywhere close to me peepee
Def positions?
[deleted]
Show me benchmarks. This is a wild bet on marketing.
Sounds like you need some more jenk in your life
Yoooo, I have to do what Tasha Keeney tells me to do though. Sorry dog.
Every time I put my exact calls in this sub ... they end up not making any money lol
But they have half the market cap of nkla and we know that’s a scam sooooo
[deleted]
Spreads on civil war
Do you think elon realizes that chinese EVs will eat tesla alive?
[deleted]
By the time you get a chance to get the vaccine, a bunch of doctors and at risk people will have taken it.  If they survive, so will you
Snip snip
[deleted]
I dunno but NoBull knit runners are the most comfortable shoe imaginable.
You should prolly stop trading options lmao
No
Ha, He was actually shorting nio at $2. Thinking it was surely going bankrupt but Chinese financially engineering and the Tesla run up was enough to pull them through. His worse loss for the year, but he’s up 70% overall
[deleted]
[deleted]
Both will survive, both will thrive, get in both and your dick will rise
[deleted]
Sounds like you need some jelqing in your life
My rental portfolio is exclusively 3 bedroom ranch homes in neighborhoods that I would have no problem living in myself, and it has been a good strategy for me. At minimum, you want the monthly rent to be 1% of the purchase price (so a $100k house should rent for at least $1,000/mo)

All of my down payments were 20% of the purchase price, funded by my own savings. As long as you have the reserves to get through any major repair (new furnace, roof, a/c, appliances etc), the long term potential of rental property is pretty exciting.
[deleted]
RKT please give me $28 next week
If your broker lists NIO as SSR on Monday, ATH EOD
Reply all
Just Amazon something for him to your brother/sisters house if you want to get him an actual gift.
i second this! used to be a delta diamond medallion and almost always got upgraded to first class on my flights. DAL used to be the only airlines serving woodford in first class. been hooked onto it ever since 👌
BABA 11/20 270 calls. Up a bit, average cost 2.65. Ended the day at 3.05.

Fucked or no fucked this week?

Had its worst week in like 5 years. This shit going to be drawn out far longer? All the boomer sites are posting bullish articles.
AI not welcome. Go away
[deleted]
Same here! Did you buy leaps?
So all the other Chinese EVs jumped on earnings. So should NIO right?
I'm listening
Nice
What's the difference
I was looking like avaya ... sounds like something to run hard lol no clue what it was so looked it up ... calls at open!
set stops bro
[deleted]
Scotch: Lagavulin.  
Whiskey: Nikka coffee grain. Edit: Journeyman is also legit af. Small batch, great taste.
[deleted]
I bought 900 UVXY shares at $13.11
Well I saw eod vix was rising with spy, possible it could’ve just been a squeeze
Oh so bring multiple dates?
Go with a silver oz coin
Ha gotem
If there's white discharge coming outta ur ass or Dick then 100% STD
The point is that UBER itself is overvalued.
There are million scenarios when SPY can moon but UBER can fail because of its own dynamics.
But I dont see many scenarios where SPY tanks and UBER moons.
So the idea is to get exposed to more probability event.
R/antstreetbets
How the heck is YETI a 5 bil company.
Technically nothing as currently we have employees deliver. But, IMPO this is a significant move as it feels like the future play. 

If we moved to DD delivery we no longer have to worry about delivery times, and refunds, thats all on DD. Also the drivers make up roughly 30-40% of our total payroll expenses. So essentially, we could hire 1/3rd of the employees we do currently (as some days the driver is literally there just in case a delivery pops in (some stores see less than 10 deliveries after 5PM)) 

Most of our refunds also happen on deliveries, which wouldn't matter to us anymore. Essentially if we moved to a DD model we can, 1 increase the delivery range, 2 decreased payroll, 3 decreased refunds 4 ??? 5 profit.
That’s why a lot of people are buying dumbbells, free weights, and pelotons
Missionary fam
[deleted]
No my foreskin
[removed]
It appears to be zoom
Lol nothing is more certain than death. Good luck
They made their money
[deleted]
I am so overleveraged on baba after buying every dip that if they file for bankruptcy I’ll follow suit same day
[deleted]
I aint
Around 50% from surveys, but that should be enough. Then we can start to hear about long-haul vaccine side effects.
BABA reversal next week or MM going keep tanking it. The lowest it's been since August.
what I lost on $T I quintupled on $WEC
For the sake of my calls, hell nah
Baba aapl jd msft sq tdoc qqq amd
[deleted]
Meekend Bow is 🩸 red. Gap down confirmed.
Oh shit. That's probably why they were worth so much. Damn, I thought I could get $400 a week every week doing this.
[deleted]
Holding 2021 contracts! Hope it doesn’t dump on Monday
Allbirds wear out but I keep buying them. Why
[deleted]
And this, is what they call, hedging.
is the captcha thing a troll or wtf... i keep failiing it....
I can show you.
I bet OP's heart was that chaotic too during that chaos
Not every night. Just to help out when they get extra dry
Fair enough
01/20/2021 22c rise up
Idk man...

im pretty on the fence my self would you?
It's an investment in the population of the future. Like in my case, my dad took 25 years to get U.S. residency. If they whipped up a bill to shorten that to 1 year, not only would I vote for it, I would fucking rally for that.

I would not go and say, "my dad had to wait 25 years, so you're all gonna be waiting that long too".

You're also generalizing. Not all the people who have large loans got them because they decided to, many didn't have a choice, or they did it as an investment. It's those people that matter and are worth it when considering a loan forgiveness scenario. These people will offset the "loss" of forgiving the people who are actually idiots and got loans for no reason, with no intention or motivation of paying them off.

It would be a big picture move, but I doubt it'll happen anyway, so rest assured there lol
[deleted]
[removed]
No the market doesn’t give a flying fuck about corona, did you miss what happened Friday? Fucking BA shot up 6% LOL
Ya idk the iv is high and its range bound. Gift wrapped for theta gang
Hyrecar, and lots of weed stocks based out of New Jersey. Avoids Canadian ones. Will get tickers
[deleted]
Thank fuck, is Seattle traffic going back to how it was in the spring?
[deleted]
Don’t know why people disagree with you, it’s gonna be completely market changing if Microsoft doesn’t react quickly they may be left behind. I think Apple would really boost it if they bought a major game studio like Ubisoft and made a game for Apple systems. It would be so sick to start playing a game on a MacBook and then just continue it on an iPhone.
Wake up Sunday missing ex, get a hot ass match on tinder heading into futures. Chat it up with tinder match while she’s slowly loses interest by now futures are down just like my chances with this girl. Go to sleep disappointed futures at this point are down 1% nothing too bad. Wake up blocked by match and futures down -3% across the board. Open up robinhood to see Tesla at $420
Sweet thanks king
You got the herpes. Don’t freak out, we all got it. Keep some valtrex handy for an outbreak. You’ll be fine. 

Upvote if you got the itchy-scratches.
Little did you know, upon sending this comment, you just sucked my dick
What is a name for the oppostie of a 1pumpchump?
.1% up in three years...by wsb standards youre an investing god
I agree. You have to understand patriotism runs deep among a vast population.
> rich
Tyrion wishes
Just one ten bagger and you’ll be back
[deleted]
I’m American and have foreskin.
I got a couple 12/4 12.5c uvxy yesterday 💰
Why did you even post this? No one cares
[deleted]
extremely cold with lots of snow
https://www.newscientist.com/article/2259821-pfizer-covid-19-vaccine-may-not-need-to-be-kept-at-70c-after-all/

This means mower costs for WBA if true
Yea lemme get a uhhhhhh

Baconeggandcheese
[deleted]
We don't have foreskin in America. Just like we don't have free healthcare.
VIX to the moon as ppl are realizing covid is just getting started.. 🚀🌝
[deleted]
Just read the citron report....LMAO just LMAO this is what caused NIO to drop so hard? Reads and looks like a high school paper I would write the morning before it was due
Ray is one of us.
Yeah, so, what are you trying to say? Uppy or downies?
Will Nio dip below 40 on Monday?
Turning 400, into 9k then back to 86 that was my week how was yours
Ohhhhh Don Piano
It's a good point, but let's not get carried away here. The point OP'S making is that there is that the system for preventing fraud/misrepresentation in chinese companies is different from American companies. 


America having an Enron or a Nikola (and I'm sure others) every few years is concerning but doesn't mean the playing field is level. The assertion isn't that fraud doesn't exist in America, it's that it's significantly worse over there. 


I'm not agreeing or disagreeing with that assertion. Just saying that yeah, nkla's a dumpster fire, but things can get waaay worse than 1 dumpster fire. Like imagine if XOM, GM, TSLA, AMZN, GOOGL, AAPL, GE are ALL just making shit up.


I hope that's not the case with baba, Tencent, nio etc but like.... really...are they under a comparable amount of scrutiny/penalty for fraud as American companies? Actually asking, I don't know.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just heard my governor said Charlotte NC may have to go back to level 1 and shut down stuff again. Are puts back on the table?
That’s some advice where I’d get what I pay for!
Sounds like u need to jelq
I only play 0dtes so you're practically warren buffet to me
Two sheckles on Walmart
Source?
Bro idk the hype with SPCE, literally safari ride for rich people. Is there something I’m missing?
Small dick problems
listen to chamath on the knowledge project
Yo for real. We need Wsb to get more legit because that would be the funniest thing of it all. WSB target prices, upgrades and downgrads shown on CNBC right before market opens. lmaooooo
Anyone else’s foreskin get too long from jelqing?
A single hand of blackjack.
Sounds like you have the deadly coronavirus dick disease. Keep your cock away from me!!!

Haha seriously though they do free testing at the health clinic down the street.
This is the way
[deleted]
I love to feel included tho, btw
So now we’re up to 180k+ cases a day and rising, if you’re still trying to invest In this climate, lord help you.

ALL IN VIX CALLS FOR FREE MONEY
Spce
Oh shit
But how can u do 4 when you are a know 1 pump chump
[deleted]
Ok
Get your soggy ass feet out of here.
Mine got declined at Mcdonald’s trying to buysome fries , most embarrasing moment of my life
Yes
It’s mostly me shit talking and memes.

So, yeah web is better.
The best lesson I’ve learned is there will always be more plays
Tl;dr a bunch of fucking nonsense about alibabi + all in on NIO 

Got my upvote baby
ATVI/amazon/chevron
Ok BABA to 300$
@ Theta gang lurkers. What are you wheeling rn? I need to get off the NIO wheel after next week
Good god
$5
Just shower
Send a book on options trading
Sounds like chlamydia but could be herpes 
Wouldn’t know unless you get checked
You always can, don’t be gei🌈✨
I think you need to ask r/jesus
[deleted]
Nio is 100% EV and selling cars

One day they are going to number 1 EV manufacturer as they are the cheapest EV manufacturer
How the fuck do I get rid of my hangover?
[deleted]
The only prescription 

Is more cowbell
I sell database technology to fortune 10s
[deleted]
If you hit those hoes raw then, yes, you very well could have an STD and need to get yourself checked out.
With new lockdowns, it looks like gyms are getting hit the hardest. I expect to see some consolidation in this industry.

Do you think the gym of the future will be a large room full of bros, or more like high scale peloton classes in person?
Not sure how to post... maybe "loss from 500% to 350% but not selling!". Is that a good loss for you? LOL
What do you have?
Just order something from Amazon
I knew it
LOLOL
Where are they going to sell that at? Walgreens?
Hey nerd, the meaning of 3rd world country changed massively and everyone now knows it to mean less developed nations.
Sounds like you Did
Ducky yeah
Stay healthy boys, if you die you can’t gamble on the stock market anymore.
You and everyone else holding baba
You got the 👏
[removed]
Flat
Why is this shit pinned lol
Your girlfriend leaves you for a midget.
[deleted]
[For BABA players, from yesterday's WSJ: Xi Personality Scuttled Jack Ma's IPO](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/china-president-xi-jinping-halted-jack-ma-ant-ipo-11605203556)  

😬
If you touch my daughter ill let you sleep w the fishes. My wife or mother, enjoy
I have 2 years to come up with 200k or 300k, then I'm going for that 1 mill house.
No he is not serious don’t fuck a girls ass cheeks (unless it is consensual ass cheek fucking)
So missionary? Or doggy style
[deleted]
So first degree?
Michigan money line? You must truly hate yourself and your money
People gonna take it
I want some bold predictions for next week.
$20 target GC is better. 8 year olds love that store and you won’t look like a socially retarded autist for giving cash to a kid.
[deleted]
https://fintel.io/so/us/nio

No institution has paid more than $15 per share except 1 out of 600
The feeling you get when you lose so much money you know you can’t ever make it back before years end
Someone drop some podcasts I need to fill the vacuum that is my life on the weekends
I’m excited to get my first interest payment
TSLA is a boomer stock now
George Soros made it his 5th largest stake don't be a fucking idiot

Nio goes red every Friday and yet everyone who doesn't know fuck all about the stock thinks it was citron
At the end of the day there are 2 kinds of people in the world. People who have tenacity and will work through even the most treacherous of environments to be successful and people who want everything to be given to them. Both of us have student debt. I’m in the former camp and you’re in the latter. You’re running away. I’m sticking it out. You know where there door is. Best of luck to you in APAC.
The real issue is pricing in the fact that a vaccine will be out but a trend starts where people dont want to take it cause it seems rushed. 

This is gonna be crazy winter man...
250m isn’t even a drop in the bucket compared to who was really responsible
What is “risk management”?
If you lose everything, welcome to wsb.
Stimulus talks going well
Fortnite/Amazon/Apple store gift card to make it seem like you care a little
Sector allocation rules and she nailed it. Everything ends and real estate will bottom. When you see black bears in Central Park, buy. But the new machine age isn’t going to stop, no matter how  overpriced the trade is.
That’s it? How much money did you lose this week?
[deleted]
This is true. Can't recall the number of times I've made $1-2k with $5 only to lose it all on a couple of big rolls lol.
What the fuck is a short sale rule, speak retard not English
There’s only 1 institution that holds NIO that paid more than $15 dollars per share. The rest paid less
The real DD.
This the way.
Don't ask questions you don't want answers to
I disagree with some of what ya said but since you hate Joe I've upvoted your comment

weed stocks are never going to go up other than from idiots from Robin Hood because anybody can grow that shit and they're already growing it in Africa for one 100th of the price.

people can only drink so much too
I don't have puts or calls, I'm just saying that going long and holding through earnings is very ill-advised.  If you haven't realized it, if you bought naked calls you will need a massive move of at least 15% to the upside (depending on strike of course) to make those calls you bought worth the premium you paid for them.  I just don't want people to get burned trading the earnings getting greedy after they already made money on it.
Thanks, doubling down, and that’s what I did
You start with 4 million.
Gamestop gift card
I live an hour away from Tampa. Lived in boca for 6 years. That new guitar building for the hard rock they built out there is dope though
Might download draftkings and sports gamble or play online poker. My only other addiction is chasing bitches. Idk ill figure something out and thats my ritual every sunday btw
I only play 2dte or closer sorry sir
[deleted]
Donald Pump
That and Pfizer is already working on a powered vaccine that doesn't need to be stored at cold temps.
Send 50
[deleted]
Calls or puts man. Thots are not tradeable.
GAN 🚀🚀🚀
I feel dirty when I use my Robinhood card in the real world.
So you’re saying there’s a chance this works out? That’s all I needed. Thanks!
[deleted]
JFK also tried to fight Fed. He'd have been better buying stonks.
Asking the real questions
[deleted]
lol you're fucking insane bro.

ok hedging at 21, 20, and 18.

could probably pull off puts.

just watch out for squeezes.
[deleted]
Those dumb Chinese folks, falling for their state run propaganda. You would never see anyone falling for such narratives in the good ol’ US of A....
Wow, I sold in the morning once it started dropping.  Nice call
I wish I could afford to give you an award
Your rap name should be lil sucker
Gotta spread the cheeks aggressively
A lot of new accounts with little to no karma bearish...
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/dsubburaj1 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nono the billions a company like volkswagen can pump into development when tesla has a ceo posting memes mean nothing!! Come on.
[deleted]
Ayden’s new skills also can be dexterously used when he’s investing in Premier League-NFL 40-leg parlays, and of course wherever Better Dog Races are accepted.
Retire.
Quick tip for my kings w dry feet. Put lotion on your feets before bed then put on socks for the night.
You fuck the cheeks
Anyone who thinks ubi is stupid or is not the future is a stupid r that thinks robots wont take their truck driving jobs. Skynet is coming and it would be super nice of them to give us a few shmekels to dump into yolos
somebody does
Need time to focus on other addictions, like impatiently waiting for Sunday futes to open so I can recklessly predict how they are going to ruin my Monday.
Depends how much you want to spend. Elijah Craig Barrel Proof is great. I also dig some Makers Mark Cask Strength for a bit cheaper.
I bought more after thy sold. I'm avg around 9.5 long on this one. Thank u profit takers for the dip
[deleted]
... do tell.
None of those investment houses paid more than $15 per share. Actually look up what you’re trying to talk about. There are over 600 institutional investors in NIO and not a single one paid more than $15 per share

https://fintel.io/so/us/nio
Haha imagine getting at $501
the vice president would call the tiebreaker
I like the discussion. For the sake of transparency I have student loans. I would like it if I didn’t. I also understand that there is not free lunch. I am torn though as I see the lack of financial education offered to high school students which I feel isn’t really fair and since the whole “get a degree get a great job” gets top billing as far as marketing goes many students do not reeaaaallllly understand what it is they are signing up for. I know I didn’t. 

Hell, it wasn’t until quite some time later that I realized I was on the hook for borrowed money. I thought the FAFSA amount that my parents were discussing with me was the university equivalent  to the reduced lunch popsicle stick I had to use because my family could afford the $0.5 a day and so I only had to pay $0.35. I didn’t borrow the fifteen cents. They just allowed me to pay less because I had less.

I buttfucked my credit right off the hop because there were just tables and tables of credit card companies trying to get all of these 18 year old kids to stack up even more debt. I bit. Then I got bit.

In the end I can see how some people would be bitter about doing the right thing and paying off their debts just to have the next person get a free pass. 

Jus to play Devil’s advocate: every year my boss gets piles of cash from tax returns because he has 5 kids. That seems like (in the vast majority of cases) a choice that was made leading to some stipend from the government that I do not get to take advantage of whatsoever. 

I just bought a house for the first time last October. No more first time home buyer credit. Other got it. I didn’t. That’s a frustrating situation.

Bottom line - Wouldn’t some form of debt forgiveness, regardless of your personal impact, be a positive for the economy?

Also fuck the banks. They got a ridiculous bailout when they were being incredibly irresponsible. I don’t know that the same negligence could be argued in the case of a young adult attempting to afford and education in order to realize the level of success they have been nearly promised as a consequence of college.
[deleted]
Y'all need to get out of XPEV and NIO and rotate back into the traditional safe haven of TSLA. Make 420 great again!
What does that mean? Putting together a door dash menu
That’s until chinese brands catch up.
Fact Check: The notion that somehow we cannot afford to pay for forgiving student debt is absurdly incorrect.

The Iraq war cost $6 trillion. The trump tax cuts provided a subsidy for the largest corporations and highest corporations income earners - costing taxpayers $1.5 trillion over ten years. We spend $740 billion every year on military. 

By the way the national debt is $27 trillion. At this point it literally will not be paid off. 

Joe Biden is AGAINST total student loan forgiveness of $1.7 trillion. He is AGAINST tuition-free university. Read a fucking book.
lmao had me laughing out loud in the subway
Take a shower and clean more often autist.
[deleted]
Cat knew to buy the dip
Yes
I got out and bought solo. We will see how Monday works out. This week was kind to me from nio
Clear!
[deleted]
Your top 3 picks for 1 year leaps?
It was planned
Yeah, aunt jemima not doing so well since they took her off the bottle
7 fucking years ago. You're a bit late.
Been tracking FB for a couple years now. Was initially in stock at 170 rode it for 19 months to 220 a share sold right before covid ~4k profit. Took a break through the March dump and decided to get back into it in august but with options. Made 500 dollars in a day “damn this is easy”... proceeded to lose 4k on a FB 2dte put. What took 2 years to build took about 2 days to disappear. Nice. Also told myself if it hits 250 again I would buy. Hit 250 was too pussy to buy and now I’m sad
you've seen that shit short squeeze and blow the fuck outta ppl's puts and you still wanna fuck w/ it?
Noice. I got some 11/27 NIO calls and some 11/20 LI calls
You wont see it bigly pumping until 2-3 mo. I think. They might have a shitton of work orders sure. But wont mean dick until they're delivered.
Hello... if TSLA can open $430 Monday, that’ll be sweet.. thanks. BABA fucked me up good that i wanna try new dick
[deleted]
I know, hindsight is 20/20. But if I had at least been conservative and bought shares, I'd still not be broke right now lol
Wdym
[deleted]
So get this, I’m driving in my car and the radio starts skipping like “BABABABA” and at that moment I pass a billboard about batting practice lessons that says BA to 300 guaranteed, and then the radio comes back on and it’s some fondu commercial saying “buy the dip now”  ....huh that was weird....so I turn off the radio, get home, walk in my front door and my wife says “can you get a BA-BA now?” so I make a bottle and am feeding it to our son and all of a sudden there’s this Muslim kid named Ali standing there and he says “Ali BA-BA?” ....what the fuck.. so I make Ali a bottle and figured I’d just read the boys a book so I grab one and on the front cover is a sheep with a thought bubble above it that says “BAAAA BAAAA” .....so now I’m kinda spooked...I finish the book and pull up an article to get my mind off shit.. and you wouldn’t believe it.. the author of the article is some guy with two undergrad degrees named Yu so it says Yu Bi  BA, BA.... at this point it couldn’t be any more fuckin clear to me...I pull up RH and put in a call order for Monday. There’s no way these EVs can run on batteries but still have radios that skip. All-in NIO 1/15 $50c
Any advice for someone looking to get into rentals?
Hair of dog, bro
Solid DD bruh, but the video is from 2013 when the stock went down. Do you think the cat was too early?
I can’t read, so I’ll just buy sum puts.
[deleted]
Personally, I think it's too soon. Wait until Jan after vaccine pumps fade and hospitalizations are way up
over half of Americans also have a brand new fucking car and a house that can barely afford that's the only reason why they live paycheck to paycheck.

I'm so tired of this bullshit were people make over six figures a year as a family with barely any education and they somehow can't make it because they need a fucking fishing boat and a cabin in the woods and snowmobiles and a motorcycles and a truck and a hot rod and a regular car to drive to work and a minivan for the wife and the three kids all with new iPhones they can't afford because they live in a five bedroom house and never cook at home and spend $500 a week on restaurants yet somehow can't make it. they're fucking retarded.

not one of these motherfuckers drowning in debt has ever called the Dave Ramsey program and not been able to change their lives unless they don't take his advice. downgrade the house sell the new fucking cars get rid of all the other bullshit and eat beans and rice at home until you're out of fucking debt and then you can start building wealth on the same fucking income.

seriously, fuck these people. they have no idea what a budget even is and that's why they live paycheck to paycheck.
[deleted]
Buy Nio calls 10% out of the money expiring Tuesday

And then pray
Weekends be boring af nowadays. What do you guys be doin while the market is closed?
Legs and ass get me every time.  She could be flat as a board and a face only a mother could love; but she got them legs and ass, she got me!
“I fought the Fed”???  More like he forgot the prime directive— STONKS GO UP
You belong here 🙄
I don't think you realize how big the US is
Damn they handing out bans like spoo at a bukake
"up 150%"

"Down 10%"

It's crashing!!!!
Posting to Facebook Marketplace rn.
Position given? Unbanned
Yamazaki is legit
Why would you join a subreddit discord omfg
Im hungover af. About to bust down some scrambled and spam.
Probably just recognized. I followed some senators and a lot of them got into GEL at 3.50 a couple weeks ago, its 5.30 currently.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who the fuck are you and what are you doing in this subreddit
Just bought some new threads for the ski season. Wonder how the fuck that’s gonna work this winter.
Isnt being a retard like the whole point or something?
How much is 66%?
It’s probably that extra chromosome
Texas hold ‘em > blackjack
They pinned it because it’s something you young retards should learn through reading not experience
Tru. I'm also keeping it open that this lizard woman and eggs are not as they seem and Yoda knows that. he first used his force thing on the eggs in the beginning of the ep. Maybe he knows something
Agree. So cringey.
How many of each do you have?
[deleted]
Get the ad ready, it’s most likely coming.
When can we buy your book?
[deleted]
[deleted]
And then double the two halves
[deleted]
So, Short & Distort?

But if this is the case why don't we see the gains made by Citron in these shorts? The short-buying is public information past a certain size and he'd want to put all-in on his own schemes if it's that profitable. 

I am missing the proof component here.

He smears. We smear his smearing?
Quoth the Raven @QTRResearch is the most useless account on fintwit
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
$75 I’ll sell my truck and go leaps.
[deleted]
LinkedIn is the biggest cancer
LMAO, RoTaTiOn
Imagine drinking when weed exists
You cant have a bad day waking up to this song: Zac Brown Band - Toes
Nio Calls or some shit like that.....
Lol
NKLA dies Monday right?
Flair is awesome
How the fuck does one thing being a bad investment Somehow prove that another thing isn’t bad?
Now your chart makes sense.
This is what peak WSB looks like right here.
Keep worshipping your country which has fucked you in the ass for decades. I was born here and every young person here knows the United States is garbage economically. You are the classic bootlicker, you lick the boots of rich people and worship them as these geniuses except they aren’t geniuses, they just exploit their employees and take the profits they produce.

I’m guessing you’re not familiar with brain drain but it’s when young educated professionals leave their native country for more desirable countries with higher pay and job incentives. 

The US is a third world country compared to places like Singapore, Taiwan and South Korea. We have zero high speed trains, our public safety is horrendous (gun wielding lunatics arbitrarily shooting up public places), everyone is suffering from mental health issues or drug abuse and lastly - you will always live in  perpetual debt here. Whether it’s a 30 year mortgage, credit card debt or auto loans - those monthly payments will eat at you until you’re financially insolvent. 

Also - enjoy the worst healthcare system in the world. 66% of personal bankruptcies are the result of medical debt. So you’re basically one emergency room visit or surgery away from bankruptcy.
Imagine not drinking before noon
Because the only way they hit it big in the first place was by going all in
In every Andrew left photo I can find, it looks like he just got done crying, and now has to consider his was forward.
With great volatility, comes great responsibility.
Bookies dont ride bicycles
[deleted]
Instructions unclear, buying Nio calls..
FB or PINS calls?
LOL babies are dickheads man
They are treating it as gambling rather than investing. They come in misinformed with the idea that you have to have "diamond hands" and that selling to minimize loss is a weakness, that if you somehow keep a losing position enough times it'll magically turn into 12000% gain. There's risk tolerance, and then there's not knowing when to fold, and more often it's the latter that bites them in the ass
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
https://imgur.com/a/zu1g1hN
Let me rephrase... will PTON make me poor guy rich this week
my point is. Cathy is getting the most random flack when shes only been a1 from the start. She shares mad fking info and gems from the big player side of things and usally when your doing shit like that they try to silence you any chance they can get. And the "they" are those shit managers who want to keep all the pot to themseleves. Cathy shares cause she knows shes gonna win refuckingardless, up to you if you want some tendies with her. 

ps: No thats not my mom and ive only recently seen her stuff but i can tell she is one of the few people who keeps it 100 or at least 85%
I'm going to be so happy when all short sellers have to buy back and kick it up to $100 - short squeeze they call. Everyone will say "no way to get to this valuation", and it will go up another gazillions%.
IDK why he’d replace him, JPOW has positioned the FED to be able to easily support UBI and I’d bet $100 that Biden will run for re-election in 2024 on that platform.
[removed]
365+
Lol I mean your not wrong. But people see baby Yoda as a cute little Yoda. Not some ignorant genocidal IDGAF I want my snack and eat your last 20 eggs while your crying in the corner that your going to go extinct and you just want to protect the last of your babies kinda guy.
I did a ban bet and NIO ER DD. Does that count as equity research
ZM gonna make me poor this week?
Flair checks out?
What makes you think it will reach 35 by then?
If you invested in March, yes
Hot take - everyone is including the “pros” who are just as autistic as the rest of us, only fancier computers and playing with pension fund money and “targets”.
See: /r/vegasbets
Spy and QQQ tick 24/7 on ToS. Wtf? I never knew
Who wants to go play 10 hrs straight of blackjack at Tampa hard rock then go throw crumpled up dollar bills at strippers on stage
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
hmm yes economics 101, who cares about debt anyways
Once Biden cancels my student loans I’ll sign up for a margin account with all the extra money I don’t have to pay back.
So you won’t buy NIO at the top
I went to community college and I make over six figures a year. you need to get the right career.

also don't need to get all of your credits at a $40,000 semester school. go to community college for all the bullshit classes then transfer. my sister did this and got a pretty decent degree from Purdue for $15,000. the cost of all the community college credits I believe was about $6,000
Why so far out
Wonder what gave him the heart attack though.
Leaps. Jan 22.
You mean is JPow keeping Biden
Keep your deposits under $2k and they clear next day 😉
Because the people who do this have gambling problems. It’s the same thing as playing roulette
Have you checked the stock?
Got it so buy more
You should stop with the losing plays. Do winning plays only. Thank me later.
Well that’s not entirely true. I live in Oregon with a dumbass governor brown who has once again implemented a “shadow quarantine”. She calls it a “freeze”.

Most my family won’t show up to thanksgiving this year. I personally am not afraid, but of course it’s their choice. Oregon says can’t have more than 6 people gathered, fuuuuck them. So dumb. It’s family.
Google
Twitter
It’s a safety feature to protect from sending money to wrong place. Basically gives a potential victim 5 days to find the unauthorized withdrawal and cancel it.
So people with more money than you can enjoy a built in advantage.
2 weekends ago, i slept for a day after eating 2000 mg of thc edible, some cocaine and beer. Maybe that will.
How can I get sick gainz like you?
Because they know the shit you've been up to.
[deleted]
Will PTON make me rich
The premium is nice but since the stock is collateral im stuck in an amd long position which doesn't feel great atm.
Trust your boner. It always knows.
Can’t find ticker for Joe’s house of shit.  Can you help a brother out trying to get some upies expiring next week.
I would let you sleep
62 end of next week
you think he's a moderate then you didn't read the 110 page manifesto on his website that was penned by the Bernie Sanders team.

soaking the taxpayers with 1.2 trillion dollars is no small deal. I guess you forgot what happened the last time Bush and then Obama passed three multi-trillion dollar bailouts between them. we had 18% unemployment under Obama because of this alone.

let me know what college you went to. I want to make sure never to send my kids there
It an OTC pink sheet, you fucking retard.

If you dont even know what exchange your shares trade on, go chew your tongue somewhere else and piss off.
Wait for $75-$74 ish.  Big Bear divergence on the daily charts my guy.
Show me what you got.
Damn, he signed up Warren B.
When will wsb come out with its own equity research reports and targets
I am in those calls rn. Diamond handing. Closed out Friday nicely, looks good on the hourly chart. Buy those punpkin venti latte chinos for ur gfs boys
It's a shorting firm with a hedge. Always gotta keep in mind that the big guys don't lose. They run the game.
There’s a discord 😲
ok boomer
Oh my god. What I never understand is why people go all in after hitting it big man
That’s a lock my man! Good luck!
I’m sleepy
Kissing, wat are we in Victorian England? You have to suck mod pp, learn to use that mouth boy. 
It's not, it's too soon, the CCP looks pretty annoyed. Roll them out.
Green Monday, then turnaround Tuesday gonna wreck perma-bulls
[deleted]
Congrats
Bout tree fiddy
[deleted]
Deal is off!  You f'ed it up. Andrew Left saw your stupid ass fomo post and decided Friday instead of Monday was going to be the day he tweets.  

Thanks for nothing!
I have no idea, I think he made it all on AMD calls or TSLA calls. But yeah he invested it all again and lost every single penny.
lol obviously. Its pretty easy when you have a crystal ball.
[deleted]
It did
Mr pp
Yeah but i kinda got in on AH and wanna be rich now you know?
I'm offended by that WalMart $ROPE display. Those bears had families.
Lmfaoooo let’s goooo
Hey I’m REALLY new at this. I get info where I can. I like the dart idea, I’m on it.
Hope you’re right, could use some more free money!
[(Too lazy to send a DM)](https://ibb.co/MB0vtc8)
[deleted]
Facebook
Is it possible he was saying publicly what many other rational actors were thinking?  

A stock doesn't dive on one person's opinion, unless that person is at least partially accurate.
Not sure about Michigan if Mertz is playing for Wisc.  Love the Ark pick. My long shot play this week is ML parlay with Wake Forest and BC.  I keep eyeing Miami +2.5, but that’s a Vegas trap if I’ve ever seen one...  Good luck!!
Damn. Now that I’m older looking back on this. 2008 was an absolutely wild year haha
What do we reckon SPY is opening at?
You trying to say that I’m fat? GTFO you TSLA bag holder
It’s Small cap tho
RIP .53 cents. OP is never going to financially recover.
Always good to know that you're famous though. Say it one more time for the people in the back who didn't hear it. We need another reminder.
[deleted]
>You know I ain’t postin on here anymore unless memeing. 

What can we do to change that?
China doesn’t innovate anything. They simply steal tech and do it cheaper bc slaves. They will never be the “future” anything because nothing they do is original.
50 percent right 50 percent of the time. Im in
Don’t worry I will. 

At the end of the day, at least I’m not a white supremacist.
Lmao so let me go take a L with the other old fks still trying to buy hertz and amc? Let he fail or Win in peace.
So, used tendies from this years gains as down payment on a new house.  Just moved in and enjoying my coffee on the front balcony this morning.

Sure hope my losing streak turns around soon 🥴
I too saw that shitty Facebook meme.
3.50
[deleted]
If AMD decides to dip back down to like 78, I’m gonna use margin for the first time to buy some monthlies.
The only hope lawl
Hakushu 12

Yamazaki Sherry Caske

Hibiki Harmony
that is absolutely not how any of this works.

the banks will be the only ones benefiting. adding trillions to the debt might seem like nothing when we already have 200 trillion in unfunded liabilities if you know what that means, in addition to free Medicare for all which they can't pay for as it is now and then this ridiculous Green New deal and ending the coal and oil industry with a goal of the year 2035 is unworkable. open borders and welfare for all, you can only have one or the other in our economy, not both.

the retards who voted for Biden didn't vote FOR him so they never even looked on his website what the economic disaster would be. they voted AGAINST Trump. sorry for the politics but that's just true.
Hedge
[deleted]
Grats man, you evened out! it took a long time, but you got your money back
True. Her Arab banging bf with mom blasted her to the fame galaxy.

I just think it’s hilarious how she screams she never wants to be a part of a business like that again, yet tried to profit off her body to this day.... like wut
So let me understand if I have your “Strategy” straight - you knew ALL OF THIS, lived and worked abroad blah blah blah , and still managed to find yourself in debt? Because your strategy is to rack it up here in the US and then flee your debt obligations to some other country that socializes every aspect of your life? Pretty cowardly (shitty) strategy. Don’t think you have too much brain to drain honestly. Sack up like the rest of us and buy these NIO calls or go flee to your high paying subsidized teaching job - just stop complaining lol
Something tells me you like men
[deleted]
He cant fire j. Just picks his replacement for 22
Eagle Rare is great but hard to find.

If in Texas, Balcones makes some really good ones and Rebecca Creek as well. 

Not sure if they distribute out of state however.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have you been asleep this year?  Throwing darts blindfolded would have added at least 20%
Your Pocket money will help
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** WSB visits their girlfriend at work.

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju34id
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju34id) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/El_Seven, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
wallthrowawaystreet
MadejustforWSB
recover??? it’s still high as fuck if you calculate in the split.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Looks like you went from "too pussy to make any moves" to "fuck it, YOLO"
I dunno about short term puts, it depends a lot on whether Uber retains part ownership and especially whether they retain rights to use the fully autonomous driving tech when it's ready. (Uber will never be profitable without full autonomy.) I could see the market rewarding Uber for shedding a huge amount of r&d costs, which will improve its balance sheet quite a bit.
Lol the laws are very different.
I didn't ban the first one, but read the posting guidelines.

No penny stocks or pink sheets.
Here is your daily reminder that tiktok is cancer
Why in 2020 does it take 5 days for funds to settle?
There’s a Twitter account I follow called “deepthroat ipo” he has written some pieces on BABA” in the past. Recommend anyone actually putting a large position in these companies (for an actual investment not yolo)  to read them. This has the workings of a Lukin Coffee
Probably check IV level too, I suspect NIO IV is very high right before ER, thus the premium is off the roof.
So is Biden keeping Jpow? Don’t know what I would do without him
No penny stocks.
We cant be sure that cocaine, used on the same scale, would have similar systemic effects, but there is a way to test it.
How’s he even make 3 million in the first place !?
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It's your autism telling you
You shouldn’t even be stressing bro lol
So... like any other marvel movie. Good to know lol.
Long dated $49 calls
I’d hold the door open for you
I made a small profit off Peloton, but come on man.  It currently has a market cap of $29.5B, for perspective *Ford* has a cap of $33.4B

That $5 PT makes a lot more sense than its current $100
Ok, but did it actually head south towards 5?
Will tesla ever recover? Kinda miss the old days..
Highland Park 18

For some good accessible scotch, Oban 14 and Ardbeg 12 are solid. I also enjoyed Aberlour 12 for a sherry cask scotch.
Fentanyl is great if you want to OD and die.  

Therapeutic doses are measured in **micro**grams (1 millionth of a gram).  EMTs have stories of pumping in Narcan like a waterhose into people who ODd on Fentanyl with only minimal effect
[removed]
For this post, I don't know. But I remember a story of a kid who made 3 million and lost all of it on calls
the funny thing is this is actually gonna be in the hundreds near future
Imagine getting off on a technicality in this scenario. XD
lmao
Pltr isn’t “big data”.

They create custom software solutions, part of which, helps their customers manage their data in an effective manner.

This is why people are confused on how to value them, when there are tons of folks who don’t understand their business and claim they are “big data”.
If you don't know you'll find out real quick
No i dont that was just a bag of kolonopin
I went from -50% to 400% yearly profit on reckless short expiration NIO options. Trailing stops with yuge ass gaps. Thanks Chyna Joe!
Holy fuck I miss out fml 😭😭😭😭
And I’m over here chasing penny stocks
Thanks for heads up, just deleted. Don’t think what I was trying to say came out in correct context
That would be propafol then
Someone else said Woodford, great stuff. I also like Elijah Craig
291 or go fuck your mother
Why are you so stupid just buy at a low price. Then when it rises and goes above the price you bought it at. You hit the sell button. After that, you’ve made money.
You're outperforming most. What's your secret?
Careful now, your chinese dishonesty is showing. Go listen to some pirated music on your fake airpods on your fake iphone that you keep in your fake louis vuitton purse which match your fake gucci high heels while wearing your fake useless n95 mask.
I WILL PUT ALL MY MONEY INTO IT NOW
Anyone who thinks coke can't have systemic effects doesn't remember the crack epidemic.
How much was it?
Something tells me Nio isn’t done and will continue until 100
[deleted]
the reason why college is so expensive is because of government loans like this. they know you either don't have a choice or the numbers are so huge you can't visualize them ahead of time and colleges go ahead and raise their rates. they've admitted this. 

if there were absolutely no government loans or guarantees tuition would drop like a rock. UWM was audited by our last Governor and he found they had over 500 million dollars just sitting around doing nothing. they were crying wolf for years saying they were broke and needed to raise tuition and get more state tax revenue. 

my college was $7,000. I make low mid six figures.
Who do I have to kiss for a flair

Also someone hold me and tell me my BABA 300 12/18c are gonna be alright
Yea fosho, copy pasted that ish. Weird. I like my bank so i dont really wanna open a new account. Oh well i probly just call them on monday. Or take my 90 days on the chin and stack bread to yolo on a dope play when rh lets me open positions again. Calls on wynn, boys. On any period chart this shit looking like a good play
ccp is gonna bring it in on monday just to make andrew left look like a dumb fuck
What about that flaggets?
AMC would have been a hood short.
All that money and can’t keep your phone charged. A fool and his money shall soon part ways
Great choice
Which is why you probably shouldn't take xanax unless you saw it come from a pharmacy. 90% of xanax pills sold on the street are either going to be a research chemical or cut w Fenton
But dat ass?
Lol it was a joke, do you get it now retard
No positions? Ban
Tldr on the technicals
That shit was bought up faster than a cat can lick its ass..i mean a real pullback not a test dip.
Market hits ATH on a day when 180k new Covid cases are reported in 🇺🇸 because this is the way.
No. The fight scenes look like PS1 era cgi
If you would have thought of rolling that truck down the fucking hill you would be singing a different tune I bet.
LOL, downvotes indicate rustled trump cult jimmies.  XD
Positions or ban.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I was looking around at high volume options and someone bought 3 million  dollars of starbucks nov 20 $100cs on monday after the vaccine news...   then sold them for half their value on tuesday when the rally fizzled  out.  I guess smart money isnt always smart...
What you fail to realize is that true autonomous cars are more than a decade away, if at all.  So for now it will continue to be about market share.
But you’ve got that Nerds Rope!
😳
GTS (when it can be found)  

Elijah Craig Barrel Proof otherwise
Henry Ford built his “concept” car in the back of his home 1896. (No dealerships). Also, Ford didn’t go into mass production until years later AND was broke after other who didn’t believe in him backed out. Fisher had ONE car that caught fire and WAS NOT battery related. And to give you a little something to drool over “Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” ~ Henry Ford
I’m not vouching for her, but her main feature is her name and skin tone. It’s exotic. That’s why she’s famous
I would give you one of my kidneys
Cheaper: Makers, Bulleit Rye & Bourbon, Jameson

Expensive: Local single barrels are my go to 1st, Macallan, WhistlePig, Pappy Van Winkle
Step one: find someone who owns stock in William Hill.

Step two: just hand them your fucking money, dumbass
They do not know that you have to be able to read to get the information in their report, so their target audience will have no reaction
Idk what company puts is, what's the ticker so I can buy some calls?
[deleted]
Whoa someone who uses InvestorLine too... I fucking hate it.
Tbh never enjoyed any of the movies. I pretended to for my friends. I don't even like those people anymore.
Its trading at what it was Wednesday/Thursday calm the fuck down
Jan is a bit soon. I'd be nervous about them, but just because I'm risk adverse. Shouldn't you still be positive though?

I think the price will run up next weekend preceding earnings. Also, NIO has NIO Day in early January, which should also generate hype. I think you'll be ok.
Damn, link???
[deleted]
[deleted]
I already had 400 APHA and 5 contracts for $6c 1/15. So ~4,000 shares in total plus the contracts. Wish me luck!!
I'll prolly dodge it then
any chance we get a decent pullback or are we going full NIO retard bozo run?
Short squeeze of the century coming in a week or two
[deleted]
Where can I see Soros holdings?
[removed]
This is not thoughtful enough to be considered DD and has been unstickied / reflaired.

However, feel free to repost this as DD once you've fleshed it out. 

Here are some prompts to help you do that:

What catalysts are you looking forward to, and why do you think things will unfold in a particular way?

How does this company compare to others?

What is something that you think everyone else has wrong about this company?

What value do you get when you add up all the future earnings for this company?
Phenobarbital. May lead to confusion, do not operate heavy machinery or in this case, stonks.
[deleted]
Did I just watch a kid die?
Why nvta calls?  What date.  I have shares but i dont think its moving enough for options
that tesla pre split $7000 call is out there
I know someone who thinks she is the hottest girl alive... like bro... no
But did Citron actually give a PT or valuation?
When you are ordering shit online I could care less if it comes from trashy Walmart or Amazon or Joe’s house of shit - I just want fast delivery, low price and easy returns.
How did you create this?
FCX on options action/cnbc. Still a good play

[https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/11/13/how-to-play-the-copper-trade.html](https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/11/13/how-to-play-the-copper-trade.html)
I mean the growth of this company has been fairly ridiculous in the last year.  The report made some irritating, albeit ultimately reasonable, points.  Despite the $25 price target, I don't really see the stock going that low because pretty much everyone is after another TSLA competitor to invest in.  Additionally, the UK government is set to ban the sales of petrol and diesel powered cars from 2030 - a whole decade sooner than previously reported.  EVs are definitely the future and I honestly expect this small drop in stock price to be a blip.
Looks like your child has a healthy heart beat
[deleted]
Then you're shit-outa-luck
I’ve got some quality DD for you, MODS are 
gey 🌈
Thanks for reminding me, citron fucked me yesterday and hindenburg fucked me like 2 months ago on srne
You have 5k Nio shares? Cost basis?
Did you get into PLTR?
That’s the biggest problem with getting in too early on a stock, is modifying your perspective of a new floor.
Does the 3 day rule apply here for NIO? I didn’t get in on Friday, but already feeling the fomo
[deleted]
Yeah that's pretty weird. You got the routing info and shit right?
It bumped up on Monday and then went back down and tested the 39 support. I think the bump was part of the general Pfizer vaccine hype.
My Uber 50c Jan 2021 leap bags feel very good about this post. Usually there's a steep rally after this kind of DD. May or may not pick up puts after these bags are ITM
No... It's 10. Don't count the initial 1,000.
Ask him if he's one of those crooks that caused the crash in 2008.
[deleted]
Should tell you in your options chain on your brokerage.
[deleted]
That's the thing, usually those people are the people that make businesses, they're working at their personal project (which incidentally made them rich)
Biden will be as milquetoast as they come, and practically nothing will come from this administration unless Dems manage to capture Senate two years from now. Even then, he's centrist
Yeah her only feature is fake tits. Like anyone can get those.
[deleted]
Yeah I got a parlay on TCU, ARK, and Mich ML. Also have straights on each
[deleted]
I love boobs

Holding UNH, SPY, QQQ, SQ and NVTA calls.
[deleted]
Fair enough, definitely new to trading options but I’ve been successful so far. Thanks for the quick run down
So are you saying all trump supporters are poor or just the ones who wear maga hats?
They're federal loans, it's not like you can shop around for them or negotiate the rate. Almost everyone who takes out loans for medical school uses federal loans instead of private loans. This allows us to do income based repayment where we only have to pay 10% of our income to loans. This is necessary during 3-7 years of residency after we graduate where we only make 50-60k per year. Otherwise we'd be paying 2-3K+ per month in loans during this time which wouldn't be feasible. With income based repayment our payments during residency are only 300ish/month, but the problem is interest is accumulating faster than we are able to pay off so by the time we finish residency we have even more debt than when we graduated medical school at the current interest rates.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/veroxysm the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Alternatively you can forget all this weekend smart guy math shit and use the YOL0dte strategy.
[deleted]
Anyone reading this - if there is any drug you don’t want to do, it’s fentanyl
I cant have whiskey in my house
[removed]
[removed]
Propofol sucks.
is there ANY chance we get a pullback to the 12 area? Please just let me know now.
there's absolutely zero data saying that it's spreading in the schools.

somehow spreading in offices though and not restaurants which is confusing as hell to me
[deleted]
Salie Mae: college enrollment is down because it’s too expensive. 
Dems: no worries. We’ll pretend that we’re gonna forgive student loans so that dumb kids borrow more money thinking they won’t have to pay it back.
Sallie Mae: thanks fam
Dalmore 15y
Sorry, thats a whisky.  Ok then  bulleit
I swear we are in the same circle. I way overbought moderna when the white house announced the 4 PM presser yesterday. Thought it might involve more Moderna and it didn't. So I decided to hold through their phase 3 results, thinking the news will be good. It's not clear what day next week they might announce results but I'd take Monday 👍
Lagavulin 12/16
This. 

I knew it was going to crash...especially after it fell!!
In all seriousness though, NIO actually produces cars right now. Electric vehicles are proven and batteries-as-a-service at least makes some kind of sense. Fuel cell trucks do not currently exist, and as we saw later on, Nikola was rolling trucks down hills. I don't think they're quite comparable.
I think they realize the climate is actually an existential threat to their regime and that’s why they are making pretty considerable moves to green tech.  

I live in China though and yep that sky is still pollution foggy as hell.
Did you not see the buying of the dip? Those were mainly institutions. That was actually a bright day for NIO, it has bottoms and will eat your puts. Not a blow off top. You have no idea what that is if you consider this one.
I’ve been in pltr since ipo and it was going sideways at $9-$10 for a bit.

No idea if we will continue moving up or go sideways at $15.

Just pay attention to the theta on that contract and develop an exit strategy.
I’ve seen this before; he’s gonna tell him MSFT is gonna buy MVIS.  XD
Not a bad bet. I’m a huge believer in the letdown effect in CFB, so Ark and BC got my attention right away.
[removed]
Well you’re gonna have to get it if you want to be able to buy tickets from Ticketmaster (not that anyone does) and I think next it will be needed for airfare. Eventually there will be checkpoints everywhere
At worst cocaine is going to hurt you and a couple of friends, plastic straws have systemic effects 🤷‍♂️
you live in a retarded state. you have higher chance of being killed by those morons in antifa, worse yet jailed for defending yourself like Kyle Rittenhouse.

take your gains and move somewhere else. Robin Hood works everywhere
so short Arkansas

got it
Calls. Cash is cash. The wrong move almost every time is that a company letting go of a "losing proposition" is making an error. Uber knows the idea isn't ready and is offloading the cost. That's smart.
Yea I was really hoping for something else here
If that’s dark then what is the mass cloning and brainwashing of an intelligent species to create disposable soldiers that fight an unending war?
>fucking fire of course

I mean, a lot of them are probably in Cali so yeah...
Nah nah
Medically induced coma, although I’m not sure what they charge for that.
I bought some shares this last week on the dip.  This has plenty of room to move up.  Also don’t under estimate the grocery business - they have invested a ton in pickup and that is only going to grow.  I don’t think there is a chance of a EPS miss.
[deleted]
It's never too late to be on the right side of history

I think?

Is that how that works...?
Dude I’m down fucking 50% shut the fuck up yeah we missed it now either kill yourself or join me in throwing more in.

$NIO  $SPG &NRZ and my dumbass threw a couple hundred in Electra mec veh
Looks like a heart monitor right after a heart attack.
This is the second Anti-Nio post that got pinned. I think the mods are bearish on NIO,Lads.
I seriously love you.
KNDI 📈
Honestly Mia Khalifa is way over rated
Which stonks did that to you?
Looking at it the wrong way. People who own BRK.A have enough money to fuck around and meme on the retards who have $10K in RH swinging their dicks.
Woodford Reserve
Plastic straws are banned in Oregon.

Cocaine is legal.

Don’t get caught using a plastic straw snorting that blow, use a Benjamin like a big boy.
Same. Something along the lines of SPY is going back to 280.
I think he meant "Drumf"
Either way. Bag her and tag her.
I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything like this for a long time. What do you want me to bring a bag of orange juice? The only thing that is a little more meaningful to me is the fact of orange and the other thing is that orange is a true spectacle and a true clown
Usually with programs like that you have to live in the place for a year or two to get the money.
Whatevs
[removed]
https://news.mit.edu/2019/storing-vaccine-history-skin-1218
We all know what you're looking at
I need you to stop shilling for a stock nobody cares about
So a nice straddle it will be.
Whistlepig lately.  Cheaper I like Wild Turkey 101, the new Rye is great.  Legent is good, just recently found one called Fistfull of Bourbon and I love it.
Congrats on your 1 put
You do know that is what they're predicting, right? Time and time again it has been shown in studies that people tend to double-down on their losses and sell off their gains way too early. This is nothing more than public knowledge in action.
The first step in fixing the problem is identifying it.  Next step; get to work baby!!!

I’m right there with you my guy, so many dumb play but not broke yet.  Learning from each failure and considering it tuition payment.  We’ll get there bud, keep your position size under control till we start racking up consistent wins.
It’ll moon for awhile there will be pullbacks but it will inevitably hit 100 after that it’s up to the company
I can’t tell if you tried to do math and fucked up or if you just pulled out a new random number.
Whatever Michael jackson took
[removed]
Thank you for your “thots”
I thought it was Ceekend Pow?
I think Im about to throw up. While Nio and others were dying on Friday, Nikola was actually rising instead. Just fuck off.
Ps5 and tyson nuggets
Holding for 10+ years, ppl can dump all they want. They’re gonna regret it in the long run
positions on NIO?
Kelly Loeffler is crooked as a dogs back leg, but she added 20% to my portfolio since I started researching hers.
The action sequences are pretty good. Kinda weirded me out when one of the characters referred to the only white guy on their team as "colonizer" though
I’m excited over 12% daily gain and still in the negative all time for the year. Enjoy the small wins and forget the money of the past but remember the moves that lost it!
Arkansas ML baby
Right, that is the problem
Monday is gonna PRINT
[deleted]
That’s stupid. Just say you signed the prenup under distress and you get half in a year
Look up the definition of "blow-off top" on investopedia.  This is what we're seeing on NIO.  Don't say I didn't warn you
I need Citron and Hindenburg to release an article on SPY
What if this is the free stock
You may have lost money on inflation, woke up every morning at 4 for premarket, and put yourself through an insane amount of stress...... but goddamn were the memes fire
It’s as worth watching as anything else in the Marvel universe
Blantons
The fact that I read that as AMC not AMD, and didn't question the 82.5 call tells me all I need to know about this sub.
this is the kind of autism you can't learn in school
Knowing Arkansas it will be an IOU on a walmart receipt
Just call them... their customer service is on point
On my way
Cut it in half
I am holding my 2021 200 put. Second crash coming with no papa trump to send bail out money.
8-ball says "ask again later"
It's like you got desperate after the fall
Iv morphine
it's entertaining, but it wasn't this earth-shattering experience that people were making it out to be.
Double it 11x actually, 10x is 500k. It’s that extra time that makes this impossible
Chime. Rh accepts it but, rh. I just dont understand how td could be like nah we dont fuxk with that fdic insured bank, gl
You're nothing till you remortgage your house while your wife is pregnant and your parents just lost their jobs to yeet it on TSLA weeklies
Fuk cirton all my homies hate citron
>I believe that there was overbought of PDD's stocks in the past few days after ER, and expect some correction in the next few weeks. That said,  I don't think the anti-trust law itself is a hard-sell signal for PDD, or any other e-commerce companies for that matter. These companies (BABA + JD + PDD + even TikTok) all helped greatly throughout the COVID, by connecting farmers and small retailers directly to the public. Bashing these companies is not aligned with CCP's interest.

There's no core advantage if the only reason your customers buy products on your platform is that you subsidize them. Yes PDD had the iPhone at 6199 when all other platforms were at 6799, but who is going on PDD when they only have that offer for one day? All hype and no substance that is clearly being paid by eating into profit margins.
Favorite whiskeys everyone?
What if I don’t have a chick fila
Sign the petition - https://www.change.org/p/u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-sec-enforcement-to-investigate-andrew-left-of-citron-research
Thanks man this helps
Morphine drip
750$
GET IN THE FUCKING VAN KID
just move in and out 10 times per year and you'd make an ez $100k/yr

better than flipping burgers for minimum wage
Multi bagger incoming 💪
If you didn’t make money in the market this year, you should move everything to mutual funds and never trade again. You’ll thank me in 30 years
No, it’s called strategic decision making. Why stay in a country which riddles it’s young people with a lifetime of student debt? All for what? The ‘crime’ of pursuing a higher education.

This is not about personal responsibility, this is a systemic problem. Literally every country in Europe has subsidized tuition or tuition-free university, like Germany. 

I have already lived in China and Taiwan. Employers typically pay for housing, plane ticket, visa and meals for working as a foreign teacher. The profit margin is higher and there is zero debt to worry about. 

You do realize by staying in the United States, you are putting yourself at the disadvantage. Our economy is not the same as it used to be. Everyone is in perpetual debt, half of Americans live paycheck to paycheck, the US is first in the world in healthcare costs per capita, the top .1% own 95% of all the wealth - so sure, stay here and earn a slave wage. When you turn 50 and you’re living in poverty, remember this conversation.
Astronaut : Wait it's a trap?

Astronaut with gun: Always has been.
Shit gets intense when that bass finally drops.
>Move there for 1 week

>move out of that shithole a week later and 10K richer

Tell me how this can go wrong
Is that movie even worth watching?
I want to believe but last November and December were a boring melt up for a small sell off December 31
Holding strong guys this is gonna be a multi bagger 💪
How about not using your entire portfolio for plays just a portion. Common sense, really
Woooooo Pig!
I can almost guarantee this shit gonna happen
What the fuck happened at the end
If anything the CPP making it their 3rd largest position is selling me. The only thing that would sell me more is if the Ontario teachers pension plan also had a position
I think I just realized that the one that I had to do with the money printer is not so much easier for you to get it. I just gotta go up north you can see if I could go with you and then I’ll swing by and get it for you
What drug can I take to fall asleep right now and wake up 15 min before market open?
🙌
Why doesn’t your van have any windows?  And what’s with the spray paint on the side that says “Free ice cream and naps” on the side?
You're gucci. Don't listen to these haters who haven't done their DD.
Dude go watch YouTube about IV and Greeks. Not trying to be a dick but if you don’t know basic IV you shouldn’t be trading. I’m only saying this cuz I was once in the same boat and lost my ass to IV crush.. but to answer your question slightly you have to think what IV really is. For example if a stocks IV is 30%that means that there is a one standard deviation (68%) chance that at expiration the stock price will be within + or - 30% of where it’s at right now... so if you look at a stock like NIO within insanely high IV like 200% plus it’s basically saying they have no idea if it will be anywhere close to where it is right now. IV crush comes into play when considering Vega. Vega changes a stocks option price based off changes in implied volatility. Example: if Vega is .12 and IV goes up 1.5 you multiply Vega times change in volatility and get your change in option price. For example option price is 2 and use my Vega example if IV went up 1.5 then new options price would be 2.18. Same goes in reverse so if an options IV goes from 150% down to 100% you can see the effects it will have on an option price
This guy drinks Mountain Dew, eats brightly covered snacks, and smokes I bet.
NIO is just a holding company, it doesn't make anything.  It's like Dunkin Donuts.  They license out stuff.  But hey, grab the gains and go.
This is the way
**You can keep WSB great by casting your vote. Does this submission belong on WSB?**

| **Remove It (1)** | **Keep It (0)** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=ju3541&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=ju3541&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=ju3541)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^13 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
Anybody buy FNGU shares? Seen it recommended a few times. I feel like it can't go tits up, just that it's an ETN, not ETF
Yeah tried to find it aswell, ark doesn't have shares in nio, thought already wowzies.
[removed]
Hmm, thank you for your answer. Sometimes it certainly does pay off to place all your eggs into one basket, so i am certainly rooting for you for that matter, hope you are right. Higher risk, higher reward and all that, comes down to personal preferences.

Backpacking will be great, i am rather certain about this, specially at the time period of your life, where you have the time for it. 

All the best on your adventure and as it is WSB afterall, hope those shares print:)
You're right. I learned more than I ever wanted to know and will probably do better from here on out.
bruh I just wanna make a million dollars on NIO is that too much to ask?

i just need NIO to go to $200 and Im set
It takes alot more force to crush a kids skull than you think.

Source: 5th amendment
I got some nerds rope
Exactly - BAN!
Hello.  Am Razorback. 🐗
NIOKANDA FOREVA
Yep. Florida with no Pitts and will be flat as hell after last week.  $$$
A Oompa Loompa? If so my whole $34 portfolio is going into this on Monday 🤪 your stonk shilling is about to bring in some big money congrats
Hind sight is 50/50.
This is literally said about every holiday since March. 

News flash: People aren’t going to forgo thanksgiving, Christmas, or New Years
This
I'm going to have fun and reconnect with family.

Why is your Thanksgiving gonna be a mess? Because they told you it should be?

Edit: yo lmao why are y'all so upset?
Breaking down technically...option spread is a little wide though.
And only one of those trades to go wrong leaving $ROPE as your only option, and hopefully your broke ass bought that ahead of time in this circumstance.
Who you talking to
LOL, after the CEO dumped $60 Million?
He is wrong on that. Though as far as Chinese companies go, ARK does hold about 320,000 shares of BABA and 800,000 shares of BYDDY.
based and don't waste your money pilled
In your three scenarios listed none of these are "hedges". They're compliments. You're claiming they'll move the same direction. Just buy SPY puts.
[deleted]
I think he was being sarcastic, but making a good point which also aligns with your perspective
Calls it is
ATM for a month out will print. We’re range bound and technically will likely not break above previous high around 3600. Likely to return to 3390 area in a month.
I'm convinced half this subreddit is colorblind or stupid to lose so much fucking money
Does a bear shit in the woods?
I saw somewhere if you move to Arkansas they will give you 10k. Just turn that into tendies and move
Is being late on ur credit card to get more margin a wsb staple? Cause I just did it
Probably, I bought calls last week
[deleted]
I was totally about to get in your van until I saw your username.  Almost had me....  unless you have candy, too?
That’s too hard, bro
People will get together for Thanksgiving, so mid-December hospitals over-capacitated, national shutdown...
Your right I haven’t, tell me NIO will hit 60 Monday
Sell that shit and get BNTX options if you want to play the pfe vaccine
You mean against Florida?  Go take a walk outside and think about that lol.
I’m just gonna be so bad for the first time and it doesn’t really matter if I don’t know how much it would cost to get a hold of it. The market has been a bit off for about a half hour and the prices were very reasonable for a few bucks and they are not really cheap and the cheap ones are loaded up in their own way of the way. What the heck do you want me to do
Never underestimate an autist, he’ll find a way, they always do.
When did people stop calling them colonies
After i got burned in Q2 yes. Been selling covered calls every week. My cost basis on these suckers is really low now. After it dropped to $72 picked up a metric boat load of shares and want to lock in the profits but keep the upside going into the holidays on the off chance it rises. With covid vaccine/phizer the holidays could be bust so puts feel like the best play here. This should be a $100 stock has a 25pe with 40% YOY growth which is laughable, but who knows in this market. If this breaks into 78-79 get in then and get out if we break back to 75 or wait until we clearly break past 82
Take this w a grain of salt. I work for a company that does food delivery within our business model. We've started putting together a door dash menu.
Lol it is. But it’s better mentality to have than looking for a 10 bagger
FBI!
Exactly what if did. Got a put on NIO Thursday to hedge Ali’s ER. Sold all my NIO, LI, XPEV in the AM and let my put ride for an extra 100% gain.
Doesnt NIO have better drawings tho?
I feel you brother. I keep making 10-15k and then trying to go all in on a yolo, and losing my gains.  10-15k won’t change my life but 100-150 might!
BABA still going tank next week?
Fuck you be happy
Or just 3 ten baggers
I have taken out multiple loans. I'm ready for monday
Why didn’t anyone tell me it was that easy till now?!!
Nio wont have a day like that because its not a massive fraud. But yes i remember and it was an amazing day
🥭 talking about GA again. Hasn't accepted they prefer 🍑
Anyone have td and had trouble setting up ach transfer from their bank? Any way to get them to accept my bank or am i fuk
In the future they’re going to invent the non-autonomous car where you can drive it freely! Think of it, you can drive your own car!!!!
You just don’t have the mental-fortitude or tenacity to make it in America and should like the rest of the Betas, GTFO and go live and work in Canada or something. I have a lot of student debt too and am staying put because no other country will afford you this amount of economic upside - debt or no debt.
You got screwed on the student loan. 6%? I did my BA a while back and got it at 3.75% 2005
Let me know when a lambo does
That's not how Chinese New Year works. Lunar calender means variance every year.
As of close yesterday, I finally fucking broke even and am up 20% YTD. I should be happy, but it took so much to get here.
I agree. I didn't even have student loans, so give me $10k if we want to "level" the playing field. It's not fair to me if I didn't tackle on $70k in loans.
Better slave for her. Look at minimum years until you get a piece of her retirement.
dont doubt your vibe
Looks simple yet so difficult
What kind of janky bank you using
Betcha Citron doesn't know I only have one ball.
The balls
Why because the cnbc pump?
I know exactly what to do.  Arkansas +17, for starters.
Lmao then u havent been paying attention
Bovada works fine. 

A major thing to remember in sports betting is that lines are established not to necessarily pick who's going to win and by how much. They exist only for sportsbooks to reach equal money action on both sides. The whole point is for the losers to pay off the winners and the sportsbooks to take their cut. Here's an example:

* Team A favored to win at -110, you'd bet 110 to win 100.
* Team B is underdog, you'd bet 100 to double your money.
* Result: You bet Team B who wins. You collect $200 (which is $100 profit), Team A bettors lose everything, and the House collects $10
[deleted]
Strike and date? You got something?
I live in a glue factory. Air outside is phenomenal
ouch
$2551 on NIO put still down $3000 for the day.
[deleted]
My favorite MILF Cathy Woods just bought it so am feeling confident now
Or philly or south Atlanta for that matter
Chicago did too
truth
How do I do half of what you do? The good half?
Looks like it, better get in on Monday
Monopoly for a real quick fix it is so hard for you to buy a new roof or even bigger than that orange man is the best thing to do it in a little while and it’s like it is a good one time
See: adverse event that halted the Chinese vaccine

I ain't about to be a guinea pig.
It’s not about risk, the average returns are just worse. Dividends are objectively worse than stock buybacks because of tax. Any company doing them values tradition over optimality.
I don’t get what’s news about their report anyways there is no new information in there. The whole thing is just an opinion of a guy that’s been wrong many times before. 
The company has been transparent about its deliveries yet you autist kept buying. We buy because there is excitement about NIO injecting it self into the Chinese upper middle class and they are lining up to buy into the NIO life which is more than just buying a car. The Chinese government is weary of foreign things and they are pushing their people to buy NIO instead of Tesla. They are getting life long customers for their other products and services and China has 1.4billion people so long term NIO will be easily 1T company.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** POTENTIAL 10X Sock The Very Good Food Company

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju2uy4
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju2uy4) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/KookySherbet523, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
elonismyfather
hshamza
elithewalkingcripple
KookySherbet523
XXXHELLBOY
DF-1
ayjaylar
Yea if they could sell off that pos ESPN they would steamroll.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
For example in football if you cant name defensive schemes, what routes someone is running, types of offenses, plays, etc you won’t really understand how matchups will play out and it’s going to be hard to make money because you’ll be going off of this team seems better that’s why I picked them. Some of these things people only learn and know from playing for years and watching film/film breakdown for years so it’s going to be hard for you to learn enough to be a successful sports better imo
LEAPs? My position in PLTR is shares and LEAPs but again that's not really tickling your dopamine
These might serve you very well next week. 
If this really was a blow off top, 30-40% retracement through coming 1-2 weeks would not be at all suprising, that would place it somewhere mid to low 30s. I hope timing works out though, as i am afraid a bit about the earnings, which could cause a bit of a uptick in price, followed by another lower high and further sell off into the later part of the weekend. Which is also why i personally hold 11/27 34p, to have a bit more time. Icing on the cake would be, if NIO would declare secondary offering in ~30-35$ during their earnings, that would be rather nice + throw another wide market sell off into the punch and one would have a perfect storm for something similar to what Tesla had back in September. 

Currently good news for you is though, that through last half a year, after each sell off period, between local top and bottom, it has been around average of 7 trading days, so your 20s are on 6th day, so i would say odds are on your side, but in current market situation, you never know. 

Certainly rooting for you!
fr? I was memeing. ive been in since $55 tho hehe
I don't think the media was paying as nearly much attention to PDD as they are to Jack Ma, BABA (for the Ant IPO + anti-trust law) or Tencent. My personal feeling is that the anti-trust law mainly targets at BABA and Tencent, who are themselves humongous ecosystems that literally touch everything in your daily life in China. On the other hand, companies like PDD or JD, while still playing an important role, are not considered monopolistic yet and still not on par with B/T. 

Another fun fact is that people were actually quite happy to see that Papa Ma's IPO got halted, because they realized the kind of leverage the Ant group used to keep up its crazy revenue, and the financial risk it could potentially bring to the society without regulation.

\> PDD’s buyers are mostly second-tier and lower Chinese cities. Think “night market” products vs Target/Walmart products.

I'd say this is the public opinion on PDD back in 2018. Now they are finding their ways into the higher-end customers as well. As you've pointed out, the "RMB 10b subsidy"  worked pretty well and has helped a lot rebrand their reputations. Many people are now viewing PDD as a legit platform to buy high-end products like iPhones.

I believe that there was overbought of PDD's stocks in the past few days after ER, and expect some correction in the next few weeks. That said,  I don't think the anti-trust law itself is a hard-sell signal for PDD, or any other e-commerce companies for that matter. These companies (BABA + JD + PDD + even TikTok) all helped greatly throughout the COVID, by connecting farmers and small retailers directly to the public. Bashing these companies is not aligned with CCP's interest.
should we tell him?
Go out and breathe some fresh air, autists.  You know you have a gambling addiction when you don’t know what to do with yourself on the weekend.  NIO and PLTR will still be there on Monday to sink your Robinhood Accts.
never heard of this, looked it up, the retard in the videos looks like he should be selling used cars or forex technical analysis courses.
yup
Let me know when you reach 200 on the highway
How'd you get the money to start? https://imgur.com/9DcB5u7.jpg
yup
Bad bot
Nice. But you learned along the way with small money.  Had you started with 45k you might have lost it. 

My way was start with 300 and just play that and deposit a little bit more until i got to 2000. Now ive pulled 8k out of my account and im sitting at 110k. Now im languishing between 100k-150k and im having a hard time getting above it
Yea. Moon shot to 30.
With enough retard strength, anything is possible.
Puts for a Month out
make sure to [join](https://discord.gg/wallstreetbets) and let **Teddy** know he's famous
The humor lies in how quickly shills got kills
Currently only offer coal fired vegetables. Electric Veggies are in the works.
[deleted]
Thinking I should've gone harder into ZM puts, while it's possible the market reverses its current trend of beginning to price out covid here.. as we are in areas where resistance and support should be heavy with such large movements last week...

There's just a shit ton of valuation shoved into ZM and it has to pop soon.
SQ $500+ 2022
Funny how perspective on weekends totally shifts after you're in the market, huh?
[deleted]
I just had a jinkies moment.

Do you guys know if you start with $1,000, all you would have to do is double it 10x to be a millionaire. That’s 10 trades!
[removed]
It sells whatever you imagine it to sell
[deleted]
Lol, good luck dude.
is PLTR really about to take off?
Buy MRVL puts 2 months out. Thank me later.
Share the love what were your positions
You can average down on Wednesday.  Maybe not long term screwed just short term screwed
Saturday’s are for the poors
I didn’t buy a lambo but I turned my gains into a nice pair of running shoes. I’m the lambo now
You belong here
Aren’t they a hydrogen play only?  If so, sure they have room to run a bit but I don’t know if hydrogen energy has the traction it deserves or will.  I think EV’s, solar and wind energy might be where the focus is.

And remember when Obama did green energy stimulus?  It was in the form of tax credits for low energy consumption appliances and solar panel installation.
Depends on the broker. You should be able to see that shit when you select the option though. On TDA you can scroll the whole options chart to the left to see the Greeks. IV in the hundreds is really high. I think in the 20’s and 30’s is common. Look at Vega to see how much a change in IV will affect the options premium.
Anyone remember when Nikola almost hit 100? I feel like buying nio above 50 is the same scenario playing out...
I hit a six team NBA’er once...
Does this food company sell EV’s ?
Literally this will never happen. Ever. At all. It’s a lie they use for decades to get votes.
I take it you have to keep depositing money for it to "gain"
[deleted]
Up until now I think I just have fully sent the contracts I’ve bought lol. Naked calls or nothing
Oh it will. Or I will be a poor man.
Show him your $250 account
I'm long JD instead and we can see how much performance differs.
you will 99% likely get fucked

the sports betting market is extremely competetive, and its pretty efficient too. you can have 3 different websites and they will all display the same odds because people arb it to shit
or you have legs longer than 2cm
There's also the fact that they say it the entire time its going up, but the fact is that they know its gonna go down, just not WHEN, so its little more than warning until it drops.

Once it does tho they have the credibility to say "I told ya so."
Oh I mean degenerate in the best possible way,  I was laughing, not mad. But even at the 6 month, there is no way in hell you can call it rising a breakout, unless it literally goes vertical lol
Fucking hate weekends, people everywhere, hangovers from the Friday, no stock market, and don't tell me go outside kind of shit, I do that all week long
I actually think it’s the opposite. I traded with 5k for like 2 years and never got anywhere. I lost 20k and decided to just deposit 45k and daytrade. I’m at 65 now since July :)
Literally every conservative I know has been spamming “isn’t this convenient” about the vaccine for a week. And I’m laughing at them. What’s the rent in the rock you’re under? Sounds pleasant
...Or labeled DD?
A bit different than them asking how foreign policy direction can affect your business.
Shut UP about the sun 

SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN
Which company?
Anyone else balls deep in PFE calls? I need the energy of all autists to make this thing moon.
Do you usually hedge with puts? Im looking into better hedging strategies
Nice thesis but remember, ride hailing apps and building an autonomous self driving car are two completely different businesses.

Uber has a very strong brand and that is worth quite a bit. 

Anything can happen down the road and at current prices, I’m very bearish on Uber.
If you're SELLING CCs that's a good thing, you just gobbled up all that premium.
Ya easy! Ill tell you, its right in here. Ive got it right in here. In my van. Get in my van
Hedge with puts.
Wait for the Dodgers to lose, then just bet on them
Black Monday.
The other two chinese ERs (XPEV LI) had them quatrouple revenue growth and they went up after ER. So who knows.
Lol. It’s on the contract details screen.
crazy part is this will probably go on tilll june man. No worries. Make the plays now
I've switched from Uber eats to door dash cause Uber eats fucking sucks
Mods doing some DD roulette
Sell AMZN? What a bitch
\^ This

One major drop due to some article and everything is doomed and get out asap and it's all a lie and a shady scheme blablabla

Society sucks, shit even got its way on WSB
how does such a MFO work? do you invest to preserve capital or to increase it (i.e. most of the capital invested in FATMANG for example)?
They are selling their Autonomous AI, so most likely thats gone.
This guy's all cocky from pure luck lol.  The pain is coming if you keep playing.
Just hang up
But then I'd have to watch sports so
[removed]
Np. It’s a common mistake especially in America so it’s understandable. 

I’m just a stickler for incorrect terminologies.
Bro do you even Greek?
Same here bro. I’ve been out for a week. Screw all this mess
Peekend Crow is open
Must have bought puts at 35 and bought calls at 54 lol
LMAO yes!  Dad level 80% and rising!!!
He’s not doing that. The federal reserve made it very clear they want higher inflation. Debts being paid off is deflation. It’s just mindless voter coercion.
I had that but they was like 'make this day trade anyways?' And i was like yarp. I just tried to open a position and it says i can only close positions. I was already trying to switch to td but they wont accept my bank for ach transfers. Lame
Mandalorian on Disney PLus could literally be the only thing on that platform and I'd still sub the same amount just for that one title. ....crazy. If they can shit out 2-3 more classic level programs Disney will be eating.
Look at all the open interest for calls no one is touching it. These fucks are 100% manipulating it because they own 95% of outstanding shares. That being said with call volume so low it might just rip on a random day 4-5% and catch everyone off guard who knows 🤷🏻‍♂️
They said because I was on 100% disability after I retired from the Army.
PDD is a fucking awful company compared to JD.
What
I think its blatantly obvious
How the fuck else do you make trades?
Trust me, everyone feels this way from time to time. There are over a million of us here on this subreddit, and youre seeing the success of *maybe* 100 out of the million. Also, I broke even as well. Sometimes the timing just doesn’t work out, even though it felt like so many good missed opportunities. But in order to not miss any more, we need to shake the idea that opportunities are rare to come by, and look ahead.
That’s not how it works, and that’s why the plan (socialism) is flawed. Everyone else made it this far paying off their debt, figure it the fuck out.
You really think these retards respect themselves??
3 week pump, look at the volume. This will dump next week with earnings. Same ol story
perhaps.
Lose 12k and then you’ll actually hate urself
[deleted]
Most people lose money trading brah, don't let the gain posts fool you. There's a huge selection bias there
Lol, literally no one I know uses PDD. Yes it's cheap, but this referral so you can click my shit model is fucking dumb.
What’d he say?
[deleted]
Wait, robinhood isn't?!
What’s he say about NIO Monday?
Fuck it bro do whatever works as long as you're getting that work in. 

But also be kind to your body and don't eat a pizza every day

I know that should be common sense... but it's pretty easy to eat a bunch of pizzas.
I learned something today 🧐 Thank you fellow retard
Which anti anxiety meds are the best?
This is a rookie question, but how can you find the IV on an option? Is there a scale to know what’s high or low IV?
Can't consider it as a loss as long as you don't sell. Catch me at the crib chilling with Bobby Axelrod in 6 months bitch 😎
I can’t believe they’re still sitting at 70 seems they’re pinned to it.
Bro if u don’t marry this girl I’m gonna beat ur ass. U have a hundred bagger right in front of u and if u don’t cash in and 💎 hands this huge play u deserve to get ur ass beat
This is the most retarded chart ive ever seen
Is futures open yet?
At least you're at break even. Some of us are much stupider than you.
ROSS always trades flat. Call credit spread
[deleted]
Lets hear it
300% less than current price?
Read citrons report on shopify, then look at shops chart... Nuff said
Defunding them doesn’t mean they don’t get any money lol you know that right?you think we’re closing the police force?? And i am the retard?
Have you read any more of Chuck Palahniuk? Fantastic stuff.
Sector rotation talks going well for Monday?
Bought Black Ops today on PS4. Campaign doesnt download, just getting errors instead. Youre on the right path.
Up 200% at one point yesterday but couldn't sell PDT... so I bought a call at the bottom to feel better
How can I flip 29.88 to a 1000?
these guys are too late lol
The girls travel teams are fucking brutal and cut-throat; I played travel soccer as a dude from U9-U18 and the girls teams we practiced with often were crazy.
All that says is that china doesn't export completed cars much.

That doesn't show what you want it to, and it doesn't disprove what the other guy said.
I got a letter in the mail stating some company was eliminating my student loans; the loans are no more.
When my Rh glitches, I get red and green lines too
Spy puts for next week?
Found the guy holding 50C
Next week
Citron did 9/11
Yeah honestly just basic knowledge. That’s why I want to learn lol
>Pooh Bear doesn't have to win elections or worry about a pesky freedom-loving constitution so he has far more latitude to deal with this shit if he wants. There is no obstructionist Congress preventing him from doing what he wants. Their massive tree planting programs along the edge of the desert suggest they're starting to take things seriously.  
>  
>Also they want their hands

No accountability may be effective, as long as the dictator is making good decisions. 

Say, they could do the country equivalent of go tits up on NIO

(say, like invade poland..., or attack the soviet union, or invade Taiwan). Then full power may not be so good...
You forgot about the gayest bear andrew left telling everyone that NIO having low amounts of short positions is good enough DD for everyone to short
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327622623979778049?s=19
JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES EXPAND AGREEMENT TO SUPPORT NEXT PHASE OF COVID-19 VACCINE CANDIDATE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
$JNJ
priced in. They announce bankruptcy, it's gonna moon
I’ll confess that I’m super bitter seeing everyone going to tendies town this yr and I’m baaaaaarely breaking even. I feel like I missed out on the most historic trading year and made sooooo many dumb plays. 

How do I not hate myself?
In conclusion yes but with a bit of probability that it might hit. I was watching youtube and heard people saying that we would have the potus results by monday so why not take a chance.  It sound nuts but ive been more profitable buying Fds 1-2 weeks out also you’ll know if they’re garbage if you see that no one is trading them on the volume and open interest. Hope this helps and good luck to you sir!
Stupid rookie question. What is RSI?
No
He obviously has puts
WMT 150c

Trust me
Maybe 🤡
  my dream of living in a fully paid trailer out in the mountains of Colorado so I can smoke weed and trade all fucking day 

A fine goal indeed.  Throw in hookers, blow, bourbon and gay sex weekends and you'll have it all.  Big baller status.
Honestly though I don’t feel any weed/beer hangover and now I’m ready to burn some fuel. 

Now I know what I’m ordering when I’m high for now
Go back for a semester of college?
I’m holidaying at my gfs dads place. One of his buddies staying with us runs a $250m fund. He’s been showing me his Bloomberg terminal and giving me some good dd, which I’ll likely be evangelizing at some point
If you didn't go to chick-fil-a this morning and get the chick-n-minis then I don't want to hear a god damn thing from you
I see you also visit investorplace.com
You can still play options you just can’t day trade so if you get into a position and want to get out you have to wait a day
Nope
Love activision but feel like that bitch is to manipulated by institutions. Bought some $75 puts at open to hedge my shares because who knows with this company
No one in NIO?
Both
6 month chart brother. relax.
Most of the movie stuck to the book; although as usual the book was better.
The funny thing is that even after Tesla's 5-for-1 stock split, NIO has something like 130 million more shares outstanding than Tesla does now.
[deleted]
Agree started with 2k. If i cant make it to 5k in a few months i wouldnt be able to be trusted with 20k
By flat do you think it could hit 49?!
You did good. 

Have you tried the gym out? It kinda works with that.
Tldr?
I'm down $500 after being up about 60%

in the past 6 trading days I'm down from 114K to 67K

https://i.imgur.com/KqtUrBN.png
80% of NIO bulls will be on something new in 3 months, I just hope I get in on the same train early this time
Hehe good morning cutie 😘
Nah I'm not selling another CC I think I want to get out, AMD hasn't really been going anywhere
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Stonk ownlee go up brother
How much do you know about sports because if it’s just basic knowledge ur gonna get fukt
Why the fuck is this pinned.
Watched Jeremy from Finacial Eduaction?
This got deleted? What happened?
Ya I’m a Top 🅿️eekend 🅿️ow investor. AMA if you got any Qs on how markets gon swing on Moonday!
Then you have, what I like to call, a good Friday night
My guess is Monday and Tuesday pretty flat before earnings then either an insane pump or insane dump after earnings
Did nio have any pullbacks last week besides Friday
[removed]
Ship me 1k and I’ll tel u
I'm flat.... But that's the new mooning!!!
2/3, it’s Saturday 🤷🏼‍♂️
Yeah will be interesting to see. I’ll also be looking to fade CT Pan and will probably see if I can get Rahm plus money over Thomas
Some people just want to play video games on their tv there’s nothing wrong with that. If you can’t afford both then obviously go with the desktop but otherwise, some people like to just chill on their couch and play video games, which you can’t really do on your pc.
thing is, if you pay your debt off in 5 years you will still be fine. the geniuses who went into crazy debt will be in 5 years again up to their ears in debt

also they will totally have to pay tax on loan forgiveness
I bought NIO Jan'15 $60 calls when NIO was $41... am I fuk?
Call me paper hands but at least I'll have money lmaooo. I wanted to buy calls at Fridays low, but the weekend is too intimidating
Happy that you got lucky but these are literally terrible investments. They seem to be working in 2020 based on volatility and sentiment. Be careful though, the last decade of investing has shown me that 99% of the time, these plays don’t end well.
Just feels so good to not open red for one day 😭😭😭
Gay is OK dude, bear is not
100 0dte puts. Look it up. It’s ridiculous.
Pretty stupid but I made more money in these 44 days than I ever did, only to be down now on NIO FOMO shares, need a way out Monday I hope
[deleted]
Bruh
Gets better when they hit about 5 or 6. 

Short term might work as traditional value stocks received a boost last week during the tech sell-off. 

Too much positive momentum relying on 90% covid vac (which needs to be stored at -94 F). 

Possible plays off the back of that would be KR calls: Kroger has announced their pharms will provide free vaccines and is working with distribution networks. Or if you can afford them TMO as they produce the ultra cold freezers required for storage of the vaccine. 

If they really want to help the country, the Gov't will have to set up centralized distribution centers or mobile vaccination labs. But, given all the negative thoughts surrounding vaccines, watching that unfold would be popcorn worthy. 

\*None of this was a part of the earlier deleted ramblings, these are new.\*
Very similar to a console if you want, most games will allow you to use a controller. But the keyboard and mouse is a superior set up
When u get pdt violation can u still but options? Rh only talks about stonks.... Oh well maybe they will reverse my restrictions. If not i have time to save aome monies haha😅
Ate a whole large meat topping pizza by myself in one sitting high as fuck yesterday.

That’s human progress, that’s what those shitheads back in the 1800’s wanted from humans evolving.
[removed]
[deleted]
Really want to get into sports betting but I really don’t know shit about it anyone got tips how to get started or what platform to use
I like the Ancer bet. I’m an msu alum so I’m biased. Wouldn’t be all that surprised if Indiana waxes them honesty
I like cryoport but they are overvalued
If you wanna try again
25x 90c 11/27
[deleted]
Yeah, its wild how it works. Its like the forbidden fruit, the fact I cant get it now makes me want it even more
I think it was sarcasm
Good song. Sounds like Justin Bieber’s life story.
In other words, you’re gambling.
[deleted]
self driving cars
He’s not. I bet he made all of his money back from the puts he probably sold after the dump
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The line is definitely inflated after both teams showing last week but I’m willing to be the idiot.. Indiana looks good, and inspired. Feel great about the ancer bet though
[deleted]
Holy shit we are mooning today!
https://www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/peloton-shares-could-be-headed-to-5-short-seller-citron-research-says-2019-12-10
Ive never played games on a desktop. I wouldnt even know how that works to be honest
“*Ackshually* you could have almost gotten these same returns for a fraction of the risk with bonds and well-diversified mutual funds” 

-r/investing
I'm breaking even lol we'll see if I can still say the same Monday
Careful on that Indiana bet.
In a few months there will be millions of them.

Patience.
Damn we goin to new depths next week
WMT plus numbers are coming out and WMT killed it. With lock downs coming it’s gonna kill it even more
You don’t have to flex on us like that
I realize. Our current market, however, is emotional and not fact-driven.
LMAO
The Fed 👀
SPYD then. If you can't take the individual risk, index it.
I teased Indiana down to -2.5
[deleted]
Well one is going to be in power and one is going to be a private citizen so I’d go with the one who has the power to make that decision
>	No, don’t invest in a filthy 3rd world country...Wuhan flu came from china?

Careful now, your white supremacism is showing. Daddy Biden is coming for ya.

Edit: 
>	SARS was caused by the same filthy eating habits of chinese.

Yikes dude, get some help.

https://reddit.com/r/Chinesetourists/comments/ji9ql7/_/ga8ticw/?context=1
lmao wtf what state was this in?
Don’t FOMO into a gaming console please. FOMO into a desktop if anything. Why limit yourself to video games and Netflix when u can do a trillion things with a desktop? Something to think about when clicking that buy button
Do you realize how many cars GM sells every qtr?  I they sold 50k Silverados in the it took you to write this post.
Dude, fuck off already
True... many institutions are sitting on the sidelines waiting for a buy signal because PLTR does not disclose as much information as they want to
If it hits 60, send me a Private msg and I’ll Venmo you 200 bucks for the positive reassurance! Thanks bro
Even after winning the election, still a triggered baby snowflake.
Literally my exact thought😂
He definitely eats lemon lavender pie
Lol Andrew Left sold his NIO at $7 he’s not salty at all.
Fuck Citron
Lol
Did you take your cost basis out?
No, don't invest in a filthy 3rd world country that lies about everything. Wuhan flu came from china? Agreed by everyone except china, who blames Italy, US, Australia instead of accepting the FACT that they caused a worldwide pandemic......again.
Posted Maga! LOL
r/investing is this way
930 markets open
“This is a stock that you set and forget”
Ive never been the type to fall for the hype but for some reason this year im having serious fomo about the PS5. The crazy part is that I know once I get it, i wont even have time to play
[removed]
I like the mask 😷
He was walkin around his house one day in his boxers. His grandma be like “boy you gon hurt some girl w that thing one day”
FB, AMZN calls, FNGU shares, rolled into ZM puts before earnings
Someone made it two years ago after getting burned by a citron report and now just got reignited by this bullshit. All my homies hate Andrew Left
Been there.  Started from the bottom and no lessons learned.  Blew up my account last week from $20k -> $5k. F
This right here
Daily thread please
"Anyone still in NIO is retarded." That's why we are here.
You’re gonna feel silly stressing about it when it hits 60 this week
Look, this isn’t about you. And it’s also not your fault that tuition has skyrocketed. 

The average tuition in 1970 for a 4-year public university was about $405. You read that correctly. Our parents could pay for college with a part-time summer job. Even accounting for purchasing power and inflation - that is a fraction of what tuition is today. Boomers complain we need to work hard. It’s literally mathematically impossible to afford tuition and living expenses with a part-time or full-time minimum wage job.

This is one of the largest contributing factors to income inequality. By the way - the national community college graduation rate is around 22%. 

PS. I have a lot of student debt. But I will leave the country and work overseas for the rest of my life. It’s what this economy and country has forced me to do, please look up the concept of ‘Brain Drain’ in economics.

Leaving the US gives student borrowers a chance at a better life. Instead of pulling their hair out everyday over monthly student loan payments.
DAMN MY GUY GOT A 44 DAY BAN WTF DID YOU DO LOL
Cookie Clicker, the canonically WSB videogame, added a stock market minigame
Talk to Donnie, he used to have that kind of power
1.3B free cash flow. Capped Wells waiting for Jan 1st for completion crews to frac. Excellent well output in Delaware basin. It’s a sleeping giant with a lot of debt but extremely streamlined with large production capabilities.
i think what nio does the others will follow
The major shift in the two weeks is what has my interest. Granted, the tech rotation influenced that exponentially, but I’m wondering if that’s going to hold.
What's the best way to double $12?
Yes
[deleted]
Have you tried drugs?
Always has been
Old Melon Man is the one true lord and savior
Is it going to rise or dump Monday is the real question ?!
What the fawk 😂😂
[removed]
Soccer is pathetic
 I'm oddly aroused just by you saying that
What
Damn nice so just buy a variety of FDs and hope one hits😂
Anyone selling Nio is retarded & hates money*
OP by far if he thinks that NIO will tank. Its not going to the moon, there is too much smart money in NIO right now that anyone with enough brain cells knows that its getting prepped like a 18 year old blonde about to go to her first BBC gangbang when the short selller burst that bubble, but that is far down the road not in fking 2 days.
Stick to options because it doesn’t sound like politics is your thing. No one had said that. Scientists have always said coronavirus will be a part of our lives forever, in the same basket as the common cold and the flu but the vaccine will manage cases and severity
Nope
Is this a video game?
Good Job
Your free advice may cost me a lot of money
Got 4 spam calls in a 30 minute period but I didn’t answer was probably that shit
This is a book for learned gentlemen not doomer bear fags. But yes i will update you
Thats a huge tip
Also, forgot about this scene. Excellent.
BRK.A/B is going to totally dump if Warren Buffet dies right?
You mean Andy?
DING DING DING HERE WE GO BOYS!
I lose 5k a week. I walk around like I'm mandingo. I buy things I don't need. I flip out at 6.25% service fee on grubhub still spend td ameritrade margin everyday and mostly lose. I goto sleep believing I'm a successful trader bc of a few big wins in the last 20years. I don't know anything and Im bad at life. Cheers.
[deleted]
I think our life goal should be to have enough sway in the market that one of our tweets causes something to moon or drill
ON YOUR MARKS
Big three don't really go down they just sit at the same price and take 1 year to fluctuate 10% up and down.

Position: Long time holder of FCA
This dude really crying about possibly having another LIFETIME buying opportunity? Lmao
Why not puts?

Jk

Unless...?
50.50% are owned by institutions.
It definitely works in non-volatile market.

What's your average profit %?
User was permbanned for this post.
just looking out for you homie, not that you're accidentally banging putins daughters
Last 2 girls I fucked off bumble both gave me a disease lol. No STD just mono and covid lmao I’m done
Just because it’s the weekend doesn’t mean we can’t lose some money, boys.

- Abe Ancer over Cam Smith third round
- Indiana -7.5
You guys blow up your accounts because you start with too much money. You need to turn 500 to 1500 first. Learn how to be disciplined with small money.
How do you fight the ladies off? With a stick or your breath?
I do
You guys are retarded. I’m fucking finally going to buy NIO for the long haul. 

Even though my experience with Chinese stocks has always lost me money when being a bull

I’m a fucking retard now
Not touching any Brick and mortar , probably ever
Some of the plays you guys make are so crazy
Lmao, Casio and GAP are somewhat fancy where I live.
I’m not gay, but who hasn’t been fucked in the ass once or twice?
Who cares
I don't have NIO options and my 775 shares are still up $14k
[removed]
Better play
Went to school w an nfl player. In 7th grade he would fake drop his pen and pull his shorts tight to show off his anaconda. It was bigger than you could imagine even then
If by 'up' you mean 'down', then the answer is yes
Where was he supposed to put them? There was no space in hospitals and trump didn't provide any aid to NYC out of spite while NYC was literally begging for help. Should he have left them out on the street?
Here’s a story about my friend fell trap to NIO FOMO. Back up to last week my friend was telling me to get in NIO I was like eh idk I think it’s gonna dump soon. He decided to buy calls. Shit printed in like 20 min he made ~750 bucks. He Continued taking small gains here and there off of it until Friday morning after he had made about 2500 off of day trading Monday-Thursday he said we was done but decided to get back in one more time on Friday at about 10. As soon as he bought NIO dumps so he decided to switch up to puts to recover some of his losses as soon as he switched to puts NIO rebounds a little bit and he was scared it would keep going so he sold his puts and 45 min after he sell NIO dumped some more. Overall he lost like 3k on Friday and missed out on like 10k if he would have just held his first call he bought
I believe there is some adjustment on options but I don’t have details. You probably should check Pfizer or CHicago exchange for options.
What’s next week
[removed]
[deleted]
Agree. What I was saying is more my motivation for investing is financial freedom. I'm investing aggressively, he asked what you would do if you hit tendies.  Id pay off my house.
I’m not one to time the market, but I’m going 40% cash this Winter. I’ve made great money this year and am stoked where my account is after massive growth since April. I’ll still have skin in the game, I just don’t think the market is going to like more shutdowns coming. 

Oregon just announced a shutdown yesterday  and WA is making an announcement Monday. The rest of the nation will follow, especially with post-Thanksgiving get-together super spreading. God speed smooth brains. I had COVID and survived.
Same movement as your Blood Pressure.
Do we think there will be a nio melt up Monday ?
Had PLTR at 9 and sold at 10. Crazy run up and wish I would’ve held but I can’t get anywhere near the valuation on those numbers.
Fuck a regular Mexican girl u idiot.    It shouldn’t be that hard.  I banged 2 in one day last February in tulum
I appreciate the effort. I’ve been up since 5 with a 1 year old. What is this early that you speak of?

Edit:

Long term, I understand the implications of a major rotation. As they are currently one of the largest players in China’s EV market, my concern is strictly short term. Looking for a good buy opportunity for the longer term, but not afraid to play both sides of the coin.
I have profited over $300k this year from swing trading. With $60k you can apply the same reasons for buying calls and instead buy shares. A 10% return is nice and you can get that if you pick the right company and be patient. With this kangaroo market I have averaged about 10% gains each month. I haven’t started trading options yet because I know I would feel the same way if I lost $6k lol
Anyone else get oddly aroused when a good lookin woman takes her mask off?
Like 10 months ago ?
[deleted]
All these reports were accurately stating that these companies are overpriced. After that if retail want to pump shit to oblivion its up to them. But know that realistically growth expected can follow with current valuation.
Then you met a brainwashed nurse. They do the research beforehand to prepare for the most likely cases. You're not going to get bird flu vaccine when the swine flu is the main strain. So the claim of 30% is if you are blindly picking flu strains via dart board and monkey.
Ok
You’re young man. I’m a millennial already, and in the industry. Licensed for mortgage origination in about 30 states. I know people that work for quicken as well. They simply just dominate the market due to their branding and marketing. To say they have the lowest rates shows you don’t know how mortgages work. They originate conventional and government loans, the rates on these mortgages are the same with every lender, you need to understand it’s not like lenders work on different markets, these loan products will always have the same rates from lender to lender within 1/8th of a point discrepancy when taking about government backed mortgages. What each lender charges you for these rates is where the differences come in. Trust me when I tell you that quicken and rocket mortgage have some of the highest margins and fees I’ve seen in the industry. The majority of their clientele are not repeat or referral business, that’s why they’re a direct to consumer lender and not a retail lender relying solely on referral and walk in business. This will not be a sustainable model in my opinion. You can maybe get John smith who comes of age and buys his first house and saw a rocket mortgage commercial and didn’t even shop around. I promise you anybody that does due diligence on their mortgage and lender, will find even some of your major banks charge less fees than quicken and rocket mortgage. You’re also at 18, have never bought a home and gone through the financing process. I’ve stolen many clients that initially lock in with quicken and then switch to me when my costs are on average 2000-3000 less for the same rate quicken was offering. Plus when you go to any reputable review site you’ll see Quicken and Rocket have horrible reviews. The JD power award is the only one you hear them spout every year because it’s a fraud. It’s similar to me paying the BBB every year to maintain an A+ rating. I’m not saying they’re a bad company. I hold a position with them simply due to their market share. They need to expand more into other financing routes routes for me to see them as a long hold. They’ve been trying to dominate the wholesale lending market which United Wholesale still does. They know their direct to consumer model isn’t going to sustain their profits and grow. These rates right now won’t stay low forever either and once they start going back up, you’ll have a lot more consumers that will be more cautious on who they work with as higher rates will lead to more costs differences with lender to lender. Typically pricing quicken and rocket out of the low end to a savy shopper. Rates are so low right now that across the board lenders are bringing in several years worth of volume all in this year alone. It’s a potential once in a lifetime opportunity as money has never been this cheap. Once lenders start doing more new home purchases instead of refinances, (higher rate market) you’ll see Rocket companies struggling again like they were before they went public. You’re looking at this company at a time where it’s so easy to find someone to refinance, we’re all making stupid money right now. That’s not going to last once rates start going back up for everyone.
me too bro opened a CFD on friday hoping to sell asap monday open
OXY calls round 2 next week when Moderna announces vaccine
I wonder how those Nikola investors feel like at avrg price of 55?
You know about the boner champ?
Seeing it as a whole number rather than a fraction is beautiful, isn’t it?
its worse on the discord
Depends on the [formula](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrHZRvAlI5k)

&#x200B;

If the formula works out, play would be 19 Mar 21  40P, 35P, 30P, 25P. Sell after 10 Feb earnings drop. But would take a lot of negative sentiment as there are over 1.4B in shares.

However as 79% are held by institutions (1200) a big dip in price would trigger their stop loss orders causing a further dip. Eventually when underlying value hits a certain threshold they would purchase again though.

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\***DELTETED**

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\*I had way to many ramblings and speculations which were too early for people to have to wade through.
[deleted]
You mean Black Monday?
Did it say, cold dark Winter?


Let me know when you get it.
I’m more thinking about all the boomers that are reading about it in tomorrow’s paper that will pull out of it in their IRA.
WTF do you mean "Breakout" you degenerate?  I look this shit up and it's been on an parabolic upward trajectory since late 2015!
Man I was way optimistic this week and sold an 88c 11/13
Soros is a complete scumbag.

That being said, PLTR is crazy overvalued and I owned it at one point. I just can’t get over the valuation with the last earnings report.
Need that to get out
Assuming the account is over 100k I guess lol
How is it logical to think that at an almost 30% difference between the high and low of a day was cause solely by people selling 11/13’s.
I believe that Biden was talking about $10,000 debt forgiveness on the campaign trail. There have been [recent articles](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/11/11/biden-could-forgive-10000-student-loan-debt-that-doesnt-address-bigger-issue/%3foutputType=amp) that he could do that with executive order. While this thread did start off pondering the $1.3 T number, I am not aware that any main-stream politician has offered that up. Further back to my original point, you would need 51 senators to block if the opposing party is hell bent on passage.
I lost money on my first few
LMAO
Si......
You will, In total i probably lost ~4k at one point and managed to make back all of it plus some, but the plays that have really payed off arent the big yolo but the .05 contracts 

You minimize your capital and if it hits you can make 1000% at times

This was on Monday risked around $75 in total

https://imgur.com/a/ea6mDXX
Dad, is that you? Haha jk I just wish I had that kind of purchasing power. Despite it being highly inefficient to call shares prematurely, (depending on the expiry dates) might still be big brain play.
XPEV up monday one last squeeze before NIO earnings and it all goes rip for awhile ?
Only one person at a time
It’s important to keep perspective. Ultimately your existence is worthless and the universe doesn’t give a shit about you. You will die and your life’s end won’t matter even on a small time scale
I’ve lost around 250-300k of my own between al my accounts at a certain points. My RH all time is -90k lol. It helps if you’re not just guessing and hoping and conspiring the markets are against you. When I started again with your level of money, I had no less than 20 positions. That helps a lot. Now, even considering my losses, I’m well into seven figures gains.
Robinhood will evolve along with its customer base and in time become more sophisticated
Cornell is gay 🐻 HQ
Sorry, no penny stocks.
Overnight tendies have been the secret to success. Buy close, sell open
Lmfaooo dude thought he was hot shit😂
Gain too small, try a text post discussion thread instead.
TAN up 167% ytd.
Got it from the nurse asking if I wanted a flu shot. They vaccinate for the most common strain of the season
I don’t give a fuck.
I couldn’t give a fuck. 
Sounds like you have fucks to give.
I mean they use offshores llc and family fiduciaries to do insiders stuff.
Do we expect a melt up to earnings, then crash ?
No
Spy 400 12/25
everybody made so much money they just went home and its not a company anymore
Wish I would’ve known that this moron has 2022 10P upfront before I read all this BS lol
Ohh, yeah, you're fine. Just hold
Anyone in Solo for next week?
Ah yes, the perfect Wallstretbets retard, never makes enough to retire nor loses everything where he has to work at Wendie's.

*Perfectly balanced, as all thing should be.*
I started trading on March 23. The first one was not at all free.
Either way. Look at how low the estimated earnings is - 1.18. Of course they’re gonna blow that out of the water. Their guidance is what’s going to set them apart from their earning. I’m sure they’ve done mediocre in subs for Walmart+. If my brother-cousins can’t get a discount on ammo online then I can’t see them waiting a day for it.
Oh nice! Try to not break her heart and find yourself at the bottom of the hudson river or whatever the nearest body of water close to you and enjoy!
[deleted]
I'm getting nauseous looking at that those intense swings
You’re learning
me just sitting around trading boomer stocks
Have Been grocery shopping since Walmart+ came out and never will again. All In.
[removed]
[deleted]
Go to a nicer club? Buy more drugs?
$41p locked and loaded
[deleted]
https://investing-newspaper.com/en/98/?cep=SlLOZjE9Jox8zXjBqwTnKghgJwjEP7h3g8BK5qWRD9XmS5xPdwHcwhKxAP56A8ZGXmDqQUDR3kLcg1Mi_Nv_q3OmL7RjpBvYtCfcBhYCn7IYCkJ06PdWQJpSCtDxl9JHcUa82lKNnxwUGdj_-VxnDVzVxNU2Ao1AQ5xQMA1UZWOxvvX34hUE-BsHumq46FEULjICujdvZaodNR2LKAdEGGepa4S_ExmYTavIVo_5bPVXVyWSRKe6UCbXliiuogU4_-6u5JDJKZss2VS20EBY_rs3JH3toNChVykQvtPUd_FdBBaCN26WMlZjuNbW-7EE8UmegwUhS3HCEtOb1tY53OsYkw01cZ8UueLPamTsoEqSxih9Tq2i9VcxWuwjEFbZlnDqD-NgsWlSzMjgHjoZ4nxthUmABs1feGUrs2P1QEj_ncOBgeH681f7y-dN4_mZeGecdwjgs6fLhwKtc0g8pTsStZl6pX5doIjQ6aPjbtF1X08dtWA_iBwqRRbybWVM&lptoken=1691052b36705418033f&utm_source=com.yahoo.finance&utm_medium=9775546044&utm_campaign=399768607&utm_content=35946598797&utm_term=FINANCE_APP&mn=VR&unam=925230149 There you go
There will be more, in the 6 or 7 years I've traded, every year has had a crazy dip to buy in. Just gotta be lucky to know when its time to buy. This year I got lucky with Sbux at like $50. And avg down on stuff
I disagree.
Baba low valuation shows that big money dont trust ADRs
Just ordered the 2021 edition of the stock traders almanac
There was a comment from a butler who had worked for these different levels of rich floating around on Reddit. If anyone would link it I would appreciate it.
They'll probably have a fix by nov 19 their conference, buy and hold
I see boomers
This news came out atleast 3h before market close, didnt move the stock for shit, kept going up even a bit. So atleast algos didnt care.

Might be different monday ofc when more people learn about it, but the absolute zero-reaction made me not want to buy puts after losing a bit on 0dte ones
I bot Jan and feb calls. 

Even with the vaccine announcements zoom continues to be one of the most heavily bot names in dark pools. 

Zoom is more about a total shift in the way the world works rather than “this is just popular because no one is going into the office”
yeah she said she’s transferring to my school next semester so let’s hope
That confident huh?
[deleted]
Are you joking? 


It does not make sense.


It do not make sense. 




Tell me which is right.



And yes of course you could give a fuck, but in a hyperbolic statement like that, you literally could not give any fucks, that's how little you care about it.
bend it like Beckham little baller
I am more interested in the massive payouts for Canadians born between 1941-19. OP click and report please.
If mods don’t respond to this message with “ok” they are really bigly gay
Only 30% lol
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Semiin26 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Link's on the sidebar if you view reddit on PC  
[https://discord.com/invite/wallstreetbets](https://discord.com/invite/wallstreetbets)
Yes it’s listed as Baby.F on OTC, this is 45% of my portfolio
If you won the lottery, would you retire or try one more time?
This is the way
I feel like everyone who tried shorting this market in the last two weeks was flirting with ROPE.
Lol tell that to the senators of GA
Do you guys know about Cornell '77?
Im just glad for once I didn’t FOMO and buy NIO at the top lol
Any otc in the US?
Thanks for your post.
I’ve been shitting myself since I bought calls at 3:58. I’m hoping it’ll shoot up Monday regardless of the bad news.
Hehe. Poop.
The company is losing talent and the elite are not going to interview there because they think they work for the Republicans (I have no qualms about it and got smoked in the final round of interviews). Back to my original point, PLTR isn't some amazing company that is a destination of the best and brightest. They are not Google of 15 to 20 years ago where everyone wants to work there.

Look into their actual algorithms. Nothing is amazing. They have a ton of data but they haven't done anything that can't be replicated.

Before they were public people thought they had some futuristic AI when it turns out they are just doing some standard statistics.

Look, I am not some stock genius they knows where people will pay for this. I am just coming from the tech side of things.
One stonk went up bigly.
Lol
Inverse wsb. Let your 65c print
Everybody cries the first time.
rough times for those down in No Gain Valley
That was a nice story
Yes, that’s the logical way of looking at it. I’ve seen lots of stocks where the good news for the next 5 years is already priced-in and it still jumps on good earnings :)
It’s so dumb. The eggs weren’t even fertilized, so it would be like eating a chicken egg from the store. A very rare chicken egg for a very fictional species lol
The whole thing was a little cruel and dark.
Makes sense honestly like that’s what I keep telling myself “I’ll get it back” seems to help lol
One time I took a shit
It was actually pretty fucking cool felt like I was some type of royalty. (well or at least some boy toy jester hanging with royalty) Are you in the usa?
Logic has no place here, fellow wrinkly brain friend 😕
You mean face-to-face, like some kind of filthy animal? No thanks.
Reported
You shouldn’t be trading if you’re this attached to your money
What's your success rate day trading vs swing trading/holding overnight?
All of them
I bought 17.5p on Friday.  LI and NIO bubbles popped, hoping to catch this pop too
Sell for 100%+ profit.
stockorinos only go uperiono
Waiting for the dip
Bored at work someone tell me a crazy story investment related or not
Yeah that too, I sold some 11/13 call options at open. But I’m saying they put a big red siren and a citron article together underneath one of the most heavily traded retail stocks on an app most used by casual panicky retail traders. It’s just a little gross is all I’m saying.
I call her cleats boots to annoy her. Just asked “what boots do you want to wear today” and got the biggest sigh and eye roll. Am I winning ?
weird ask
Mods your conversion  therapy did not work
naw polina
I got my fraction of a share on robinhood. Gonna be ritch
Got my pre order in 🤟🏽
Everyone meme the fuck out of Tesla this week
I'm playing the 11/20 runup anticipating next week to be the last bullish week of the year in general
Sure. If you don’t count it’s recent rally as preemptive good report jump. I do 😁
Still stewing over citron and $NIO because it sandbagged $XPEV $LI at the same time.

$PLTR sold at previous high, so not mad about missing on the comeback after earnings
Because you’re a responsible adult, most of us “trust” in our abilities to make that money back and i know it sounds retarded.
it's not a coincidence that certain stocks would be memes while others aren't. there's shit that can give stocks unique properties.

SPCE for example used to be SPCE but then it increased its float.

after that it no longer short squeezes as easily. it's not the same SPCE as back when it was a meme.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nio is a scam ... do not trust the ccp ...

**URL:** https://redd.it/ju2c2j
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ju2c2j) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Iedyn_elodie, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
UnZaneTrader
mydogeatstoomuch
LMD_AU
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Fuck u mods I’m back that ban did nothing

I was still going full autistic off screen
Another win for Inverse WSB ETF
Almost spilled my coffee LMAO
it's all just numbers on a screen dude no biggie
Seriously, this guy needs to do an AMA
They were short Tesla as well, much too early (there is probably a time for that too, but it didnt come yet), short Roku @ 40. Meanwhile they are bullish on JMIA lol.

Hindenburg research has the better short reports now and they really put a lot of time into investigating and making sure the claims are well researched and they can back them all up. Their take on Nikola was hilarious but also spot on.
Glad to see a lot of big buys for MU bodes well for my calls 🤞
Lol I’ve made exactly one call and it’s paying off. Scared to try another
This is WSB. He has 2 shares.
[deleted]
I need more
Sell Monday, rebuy after IV drop if you are bullish on NIO
ill keep you updated
They could also issue additional shares before then, right? Like what DKNG did?
🤞
that sounds dope hope i can rope her in
What price you get them for?
This is the way
What are you left with currently and up from what?
So they are all just buying/selling meme stocks like the rest of us or did you only select the tickers that you recognized?
They dont do insider stuff in their accounts anyway
Are you dumb or are you stupid?
Both
Idk man, my local Best Buy showing low supply on a lot of TVs, especially Samsung/Sony ones
Buy their cobalt
Username checks out. Guess we'll see on Monday !
Find a PS5
You have to willingly induce autism into yourself via megadosing vaccines and then you stop caring
14 team parlays is the way to go! Basically completely worthless when placed, just like most of my calls !
Call it football when you talk to all the other parents.  Will confuse and/or piss them off.
Thinking a backspread with calls.
Nio doesn’t go down when you idiots sell. You all have about as much impact as a pebble in Vietnam has on a mudslide in California.
That moment when you reach the end of the scroll and havet seen a gold award....
My friend lost 5k by betting on the Buccaneers last week lmao
[deleted]
The fuck am I supposed to do today, talk to people?
[deleted]
That's the plan. Another 5k really aint shit to me, but another 100k would be dope AF.
I’m deep in the red for my all time so take what I say with a grain of salt. At this point we’re straight up gambling. I don’t think iv crush will be an issue because nio swings wildly. If it drops after earnings, it drops hard.
Of courseeeeee. Especially NKLA. Dabeeeest
I bought the dip, but got stock. I rarely buy options and if I do, minimum 3 months out to combat theta decay. I know FDs are profitable if they hit, but you learned the lesson when they don't (and they usually don't). FDs are for fun money only.
FCEL seems like the cheapest option that could double or more from the positive green energy news, thoughts?
It is manipulation though. Fuck that guy.
Their earnings are priced in, get out while you still can
stock split changed its "signature" so to speak.

it's not doing shit that it used to do that made it special.

old TSLA is dead.
stonk
Make smaller trades idjit. But now that you felt that 6k loss, 12k is the next step ;), I was down 48k once, I stopped caring after 20k though, now I'm up 75k this year
LMAO, hold BBY puts right now.  I don’t have faith in them though, placed a super tight stop on them.  GL though
It goes away with time and experience
Lmao this is wholesome. Dude on his way to watch his daughter play soccer and he’s just checking in with the bois real quick
[removed]
Gtfo...dumbest shit I ever heard. Puts on cancel culture..
Ban this peasant
Numb
GrWG
Roll 'em out to 2024
I was just bluffing, but I might give it a read.
Who loses money on Tesla??
In what world do you stop after 50k-100k? You fucking yolo in the next "get rich or die trying" position
It is actually very, very common. It is just not very, very fast. Historically almost every mid-cap was a small or micro-cap prior.
Is it likely that the IV in the EV sector would die by Monday or could it be after Nio’s earnings?
Bought shares at 282 last week thinking they cant go lower. At least NIO, JD, PLTR and FSR treated me right and made me forget about my baba move haha
[deleted]
Pretty funny you used to be a valet and don't even know how to spell it. Apparently Vallet is a city in France 🤔
Serious question how do y’all lose a fuck ton of money and laugh it off like haha no biggy. Like I have ~60k liquid net work and I lost 6k last month and haven’t traded since like I was sick to my stomach. Legit trying to get back into it so someone explain how to better manage losses
[deleted]
Don't worry, once you lose 30% in a month it'll start feeling
I have $45s. You mean ugly as in big bounce on Monday? Also, what about IV crush after earnings? I was thinking of selling before earnings.
1% a week is achievable, and if not 1% a week, then get 13% per quarter, if not 13% per quarter, 52% per year.

The key is to not fall behind and chase after the whole load at once. 10% weeks definitely help out those -6% weeks
Sorry. Ill be nice next time.
First I’m going to need your RH username & password...
No, bought the shares in my own account, and at Christmas I'll sell and transfer cash to the parents to buy the shares for their kids.  I already checked with the parents to make sure they have a trading account and are ok with doing it.  I'll print out "stock certificates" to give out along with their space swag
[No it’s not](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_World)

First and third world countries was a classification system created during the Cold War to denote countries that leaned or were “Western/NATO/Capitalist/USA etc” (first world) and countries that leaned “Communist/USSR/Warsaw Pact etc” (second world) and the unaligned are third world

As you can tell there doesn’t exist an all encompassing term for these countries because there were countries on both sides that didn’t conform to one or more of the categories yet still sided with NATO/Pact. Hence, first, second, and third world. 

The terms for developed, developing, and underdeveloped countries are just that.
Happens to the best of us 😓
Probably...  I need to do more DD on that industry before I chose where to put my tiny portfolio.  XD
Wsb was too busy losing money on NIO this week to see that
Ive heard of that, yes. But not for freakin boxes lol
Forming a base
I think the lemon 🍋 bs yesterday will help in the long run.  Parabolic stocks need a breather.  Holding long and hoping for some good earnings
dude it's because there were millions and millions of call options expiring that everyone had piled into that had to unwind
Holly shut . This song ! Love it
I believe that kind old woman checking out your groceries and various other harbingers of disease will soon be a quaint memory.  All things automation are bound to pop hard at some point.

All things in BOTZ and ROBO ETFs, etc..
I got into Fisker yesterday - I wanted to at $10 but HL is a cunt of a broker and didn’t have it. 

I also wanted in at NIO at $14 but my ISA isn’t available to buy them on HL. 

Morale of the story is: I fucking hate HL.
Confirmed, got new console. Now need new TV
GM is a “value stock” not a stonk. :(
You'd have like 16k to play with instead.

Play away 🍑🤡  should Yolo more of it next time
Well the stock split basically killed a lot of the volatility
Haha
Fucked a bumble chick last night actually
What does losing that much money feel like when you’re rich?
Stonks only go up bro, rip puts
They are reporting earnings pre market on Tuesday
One of my uncle does that. Retired at 48 now 12 years later he work a few weeks during the summer doing gardening and shit. He doesn't live big or anything but he have his house paid, a condo in Florida and travel a lot. He definetly doesn't need that gardenng job haha
Sports betting or casino would remedy that.
yes

spoiler: no
[deleted]
Pics or ban
Good luck little soccor baller
Lil early to be pounding that bottle
I wonder what exactly is the reason for Tesla to have constant slow bleeds...its like people genuinely got bored from it lol
This could be a good week for Tesla calls, model y is going to be a good seller in China, earnings could spook some people out of all the China EVs and bring people back to ol reliable
I'm in big times, but pssst.
I really hate weekends.
Why the fuck are you trading KODK?!
Shares and leaps for May
Me too I lost because I didn't buy in all the winning contracts last week
ICLN then?
Wish I had a free one lol. Only L’s
Theta will still get you don’t ask me how I know
Gonna buy Best Buy calls due to the new consoles
He bought at the top
[deleted]
I assume the tik tok traders are
How are her toenails looking? Clean?
Maybe they're european
>	investing in a dishonest COUNTRY with no value on morals

So don’t invest in American companies. Ok got it.
I bought and sold covered calls for next fri
So def mooning next week
Trump didn’t do shit to aid the development of that vaccine. Thanks the scientists and Germany.
Off to my daughters soccer game, against their rivals. Last game against them we saw two red cards.. 

Who knew 8/9 year old travel soccer was so intense ? Send luck her way please and I’ll send luck to your incoming tendies this week.
$47. Monday might be ugly but I’ve got a feeling we’re gonna hit $35 after earnings.
You holding options or stonk?
The only reason I won’t buy pltr is because a lot of people are begging people to buy pltr
Melons not even that cool tbh
Green energy.  Biden is planning on $2 Trillion in stimulus to prop up the green industry
Oregon shutdown yesterday, WA is making an announcement Monday...
rip king
*scarlet letter has entered the chat*
Kind of like it was on purpose 🤔
Nah that would be if I was up 100% in 6 weeks

I've already had trump, powell bend me over and fuck my ass
[deleted]
Is her name Mariya or Yektarina?
Sounds bullish. Nio 70c 11/20
I'm chill. I just talk like a sailor
[deleted]
My real money is in ETFs if I'm being honest. This is my FIDLAR money.
Avg down at least
[removed]
My Trump Vegas bets are still pending. 🤔
Ev market goes up, plug goes up
Wish I’d had listened and took these warnings seriously when I was new.

Reminder for everyone new and old, patience pays dividends!
[deleted]
[removed]
Lol it’s funny cause it’s untrue. If you actually took the time to be upset about the post, it is you who holdeth bag
No worries, I got in at 25. I just want this dude on WSB to respond to me. Told him to buy 28c or 29c for 11/20 two weeks ago and dude has been silent. By my calculations dude should be up 350K, but thinking they paper hands the calls that week when it dropped to 27.
I know they were heavily subsidizing uber fees for a long time
6 months ago yes

6 months from today no
house in nantucket is my fuck you money goal. rent it out a few weeks in the summer to make the mortgage negligible and live there all fall
I’m knee deep on leaps
Hold buddy 🙃
I’m holding shares long and scared to sell calls against them in case they moon, very likely!
I'd love to have a 100 year mortgage
citron is just some dumb company. personally I think nio will hit 60 plus next week. Citron shook out the weak hands.
Will TSLA moon on GM recall???
Lol Luckin Coffee
[deleted]
I never thought I'd be so rich that I can lose money every day and be coo
Lol don't feed the trolls they're sheltered Americans who have no clue
I am hoping for Blade Runneresque fashion in the coming year...
Already up 20% or more YoY.
Indeed, small beginnings, however can yield great returns compounded consistently over 13 years.

I missed the March dip and rally so I'm still having to learn the hard way.
Does any one else think it’s dumb that Robinhood posts a single biased article meant to scare retail investors right underneath the sell button on their app? That panic sell on NIO was one of the biggest retail smack downs I’ve seen in a minute.
Buying “the top” has me at about a 60% gain on shares right now, so not sure what your definition of “the top” is? Plz explain
This. 100%
Always preferred the pink elephant, delirium tremens
For real? If so thats fucking hilarious
A Ford Escort propably.
Agree with your premise. Yet I have no doubt there will continue to be huge winners in tech. FANG I’d only remove the N for now. With Xmas around the corner AAPL & AMZN will report very solid numbers.  
One the tech shit list I’d put the high multiple, covid, tech stocks; FVRR, W, NET etc.  Those fuckers are more than due for a significant correction.  

One the second tier solid tech names look for the ones with a solid moat and which aren’t very well known by RH; VEEV, INTU, ADBE.
You commie bastard
Even if that’s a goal of yours, buying a house in full is a poor financial move. The best option long term is to get a 30 year mortgage with a low interest rate and pay the minimum. Invest everything you can every month and you will drastically outperform the difference you’re paying in interest on the loan
No retard, I don’t but millions of your fellow Americans do!

(Lmao I thought Dems cared about the poor and unfortunate? Thanks for proving something I already knew.) 

I’m pretty sure that Nancy who said 3 **trillion**  dollars wasn’t enough for her and the “D” house. 

Dems are such hypocrites it’s hilarious.
That's revolutionary. Can you remove mine too? I'd like it preserved in a jar as 💎 🧤 motivation.
Can confirm this. I still don't know how my best keeps going up
What strike u got?
What

Why
I'm still good for this month, i can sell long term stocks to make it up for it. But it hurts.
I hanged with a russian oligarch daughter and her friends a few years ago in vietnam felt like a god damn mvp being surrounded by bodyguards for a few days.
They were short Tesla as well, much too early (there is probably a time for that too, but it didnt come yet), short Roku @ 40. Meanwhile they are bullish on JMIA lol.

Hindenburg research has the better short reports now and they really put a lot of time into investigating and making sure the claims are well researched and they can back them all up. Their take on Nikola was hilarious but also spot on.
Why do people fucking yolo on green days?
Good point.
It will, I held my puts. U gucci.
Keep your chin up sister.
2 weeks later :  
*20 weeks into trading and I blew up my account *
my quantitative!
A reminder for anyone new to options:

THE FIRST ONE IS FREE. I promise you are not the one retard genius we’ve been waiting for. If it were as easy as your dumbass thinks it is, everyone would be a billionaire. You didn’t discover anything. You got lucky. Be ready to get fucked with no lube at some point. 

Know your risk tolerance and ffs don’t gamble your entire college loan/inheritance on weeklies.
Like the underground pizza place??
The great thing about free advice is that it is free, unless you take it, then it will cost you
Home builders
Amazing
Can only say after the fact.
Just buy a few OTM puts when they release a report. It is pretty straightforward.
Ever heard of NKLA?
Indeed
That was the avg price.
You make more a week than I do a month and you don’t think you’re making sustainable income? Dog you travel nurse for two more years and then you can be a in-house nurse anywhere in the world you want.
James McDonald is my president. Bears 2020.

https://youtu.be/vffPtharYFU?t=285
Assuming Rona doesn't cause all the pork processing plants to close again.  Cocksucker virus.
I am here, dad. Very scared.
Plug
[deleted]
Thanks for that fresh take of the comment above u
I already made 10% and then lost 12% in September.

It hurt, so did all the other pullbacks. 

Still just need 13% a quarter to stay on track.
Serious question: why would you risk your rent money -- and 3 months worth no less -- on a gamble?!?
What's the play that in 6 months will seem so obvious. BABA calls is my guess. Also NIO puts but I'm not touching that IV.
Can someone explain to me how Uber loses so much money? They have an app, need support for that, payment processing and need support for that. Accountants Lawyers and regular infrastructure. I get that.

But otherwise they are just an app and get a cut of every ride. Why do they have like 30k employees? Can’t you run this with 1000 people? What am I missing? This should have been profitable long ago no?
Cuomo the clown, that threw thousands of elderly with Covid back into the Nursing Homes to die ? Ya, that dude deserve to rot.
[deleted]
Man. The cancel shit is getting out of control. They’re saying it appropriates “genocide” lol
You live paycheck to paycheck? Have u tried not being poor? because that’s what republicans are saying with the no or reduced additional stimulus
Rip to the pizza king
Wait and hold until price recovers.  So, do nothing.
Oh 👶
I want to play its earnings on the 23rd but hard to play options as contracts on RH are dated for 11/20 and 12/18
I want to own my house outright with no mortgage. 

My finance professor in college always encouraged everyone to invest so you can get 'fuck you money'. Basically having enough $ where you don't have to go along with the bullshit and just be like nope I'm out, at work if you ever wanted. I've always loved this concept.
WhoreDash, if you will.
Only cause you probably can't get real girls
Go watch UHF
Anyone else’s phone blow up yesterday from that spambot bitch “Annie” trying to sell them health insurance?
No matter what have an exit plan, Use a stop loss. Watch closely next week, in my opinion I don’t think it could get much worse for them. Maybe a little dip Monday or they could start recovering from this terrible past week they had
I would just try to put it into etfs/funds/stocks that pay out dividends so I can live life on that. Then spend the rest of my life doing whatever: get an underpaying job, chase after some sort of hobby, throw money at gambling on sports or casinos, find a new job and not worry, etc.
Just a bit red, the other fled, but dreams for the one kid are ded.
The real pop will be Tuesday AH, Wednesday will be a sustained breakout.
Where my fellow NIO 11/20 put holders at?
Get some fiber one man. Can't even taste it.
R-e-l-a-x
I’m aware but that doesn’t help me
Then you should know that in the early days of any console release they generally go for 1k+. Ps3 was going for 6k+ the first month.
Your first correction is really going to hurt.
ARK checking in,
Noob
PLTR next multi bagger
What about Uber Freight? 75% of everything you see in big box stores is delivered via Freight Truck. Last I checked this was the fastest growing segment of the business; at least pre Covid before Eats took off - remember they were seriously considering selling the food delivery business in February!!?? 

Using UBER as a proxy for SPY makes sense especially in these volatile times and in the near term it certainly has its challenges. Long term, I hold a lot of shares and think the company will be successful. They will likely not be as successful as Amazon but they are essentially running the same playbook in the hopes that they will have a robust tech based ecosystem like APPLE/Amazon that their user base can utilize in a myriad of ways through Ubers goods and services. Amazon still sells books today but the company is so much more. I think Uber will be the same in regards to ride sharing  after the the next decade or so - especially when autonomous vehicles are fully optimized.
Spy doesn’t give a fuk! Literally, there is no point playing puts! Just think, if feds printed so much money, do you really believe they gonna let it fall down to 330 lvls? No way! Also, spy goes up because inflation, $ = dog shiet! You can short everything else and make money, just stay away from spy!
Just razzing you. All in good fun.
Will NIO be in an uptick rule on Monday?
This is the way
Honestly you might be fucked, sorry boss
i matched with some russian oligarchs daughter on tinder wtf i’m in the game now. let’s see how fast i can turn her into a russian peasant
Idk, if he's playing the 420 route he stands to gain 3%. Sounds small but if you're moving enough money to be tracked it's still a hearty gain.
What's the controversy with baby Yoda eating the eggs?
This, i literally have no dreams money could fulfill
Stop bragging bro. Pics or it didn't happen!!!
My gf is allergic :(
And how is FB doing right now? Pretty well off I’d say
Pop will be the run up to earnings, the day of.
Breaking resistance to ath unless there's another national lockdown
Those look more like Trump supporters
Bj and Nio - calls on both shares with Nio as well
I would have been a millionaire if that dastardly citron research didn't steal my tendies 😢😢😭
It all evens out eventually
So you're opening brokerage accounts for each of them?
About to fly to Playa del Carmen for 8 night stay gonna get 2 escorts tonight $$
Wholesome
89% probability of a pop.
Too bad? If you want a curated investing environment with no risks then maybe the American stock market isn't fit you.
📞Hello? Hi.. I have Robinhood, and I was just wondering..it says here I called out a tinky mcwinkles. What does that mean..?
How much were their profits?

There has been a massive shift in the tech community against these sort of surveillance technologies. Look at Facebook as am example. They are treated like boogie men. Governments now is ALL about PR.
9-9-9
My orders don’t get filled for the right moves but fills for the wrong one. Feels like things just going against me.
The whole theory was: Amazon will never successfully meaningfully pivot into B&M retail (for: reasons) but Walmart could theoretically pivot into Online and actually compete in some verticals (for: reasons)

Walmart has some branding issues (its association with white trash) but at the end of the day, it always boils down to cost and value, which Walmart crushes and absolutely delivers. COVID and Walmarts bigger move into online/scaling up curbside pickup managed to dig Walmart out of the one problem it struggled with; most (respectable) people wanted to pay those sweet, sweet Walmart prices, but they don't want to physically go into those gross stores and be around those people. Online and curbside cures this and opens up Walmart to the market of people who actually have checking accounts that aren't funded entirely by Social Security Disability payments.  These days, you can have Walmart stuff shipped, or you can have it picked up outside or if you're really forced to go inside, it's OK to wear a mask which you always needed in there even before COVID but now its socially OK and you don't stand out.

Its actually a pretty interesting play since its neither all online nor all B&M. Its a super resilient cash machine.
We should do this so we can identify other tards in the wild

Edit: probably end up seeing a bunch of 96 tercels with our logo on them
[deleted]
Rip dwight
The thing about cars is they are tangible. You can see them on the roads, more and more every day. I used to live in China, my friends tell me they are hearing more about NIO and seeing more all the time.
[deleted]
Govt backed loans hurt the Govt. They already paid the lender. Stocks should rise with new capital in consumer hands.
I'm curious...if they don't announce a new vehicle sunday will you sell your long dated calls or hold onto them?
You had me at Alright
I have 11/27 call option for pltr. At $17. Cash out and take my lose or will it reach over $17 by two weeks?
No, He isnt
There’s a wsb discord?  I’d ask to join but fear that the retardation here is contagious.
[deleted]
Does anyone else here know about the 13-13-13 plan, or is it just me?


Edit: 13k at 13% per quarter (1% a week) over 13 years = 7.2 mill
No I do not realize this. 

China didn't even make this list:

[http://www.worldstopexports.com/car-exports-country/](http://www.worldstopexports.com/car-exports-country/)
[deleted]
Positions or ban
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Probably. He certainly does
First one is free.
[deleted]
That mostly everyone else loses money seeking large consistent gains?
The only difference between the ERs won’t be the numbers, it’s the time of day they’re happening. An ER after markets close typically don’t react as positively than reports that are issued before they open. FOMO sets in when pre-market reports are issued. NIO ER is after market close.
Kinda,  not really. Options expire at a certain date, you can sell anytime before. Implied voltality affects price. So,  you could hypothetically make money on a wager in the incorrect direction. It's retarded. Enjoy.
Citron has a twitter, and literally nobody agrees with their bullshit about Nio. Also talked shit about SQ and Plug and probably many more. Im glad people arent buying into it but it still caused panic selling for now.
I love it when I try to swing a stock and become a long term investor in the company 🤡 To be fair I often just sell to a lost instead of keeping my money stuck there. Mostly with companies like NIO we have no idea how long it would take to go back above his treshold could be monday, in 2 years or never.
RemindME! Monday
Yes
The NIO concept car is pretty far out. Have not found the agency that did it, if anyone has a clue. It’s pretty far out: EVE


https://youtu.be/tkoDqS9yhRE
Its a solid company with a good expected growth, but its gonna be just another hype stock which gonna jump up a few weeks and then semi-crashes.
Sorry, six months ago there was a COVID outbreak at one of our mod orgies.
Mods
I think we all are in the belief that coronavirus is the last rung on the ladder.

People trying to run it up until it can't anymore, cause once we get back to normal it won't be so straight forward
I got thoses exact calls on friday for 1.75 a piece, got 10, I think they will pay good
I feel you.  I bought shares on Thursday, and am already down 2.5%.  I feel confident the stock will eventually go back to $300, hopefully in time for your call.  I'd say you should still feel pretty good about beating $285 by the 27th.
Triple top on SPY?
If you can’t take care of a dog then you need to reevaluate your life choices
Go for a walk dood. Then maybe jog a little when u get going. Gotta get ur heart pumping mang
Just like how it wouldn’t go down after q3 lul. Puts it is
[deleted]
You can’t get 1.3 trillion dollars from an executive order - the president has access to a set amount of funds determined by congress for executive orders that the president can reallocate through EOs, but that number definitely is nowhere near 1.3T
This is my quant
I love this!! Gay nerds be like.. invest in an ETF and it'll double in 5-10 years lol. I went heavy in vaxart and that shits gonna double in the next month lol
Puts on everything.
Amazon's retail profit is small potatoes compared to AWS.
This is the way.
Or play on AMZN puts if wmt+ #s are exceptional, because AMZN so wants to go lower.  But I agree WMT ath is asking for it.
Oh so you are here to pump this stock too now??? Think again sir, this is Wendy's line.
Maybe he likes mom titties
probably holding expensive weekly calls
This seems like good theory but I’m pretty sure I’d rather just buy a lotto ticket. Maybe I just don’t keep up with biotech well enough.
I'm eyeing it again down here. It spiked hard on battery day speculation.
IL and Ny, the same stupid states that party in the street when Biden wins then say, Thanksgiving is canceled haha 

Fuck those clown states with their 🤡 leaders

Nah, from a Dem state. Shutting down is still retarded. Are you paying my bills ? Then shut the FUCK UP!
It will ruin it for you, so dont
Hope they listened. Up 100% since the post.
You buy and hold that shit. Forever.
[removed]
Hope so. Trying to figure out a good play into rising volatility. Expensive calls already.
Americans and irony
How down are you
That’s what I’ve been saying. NKLA is still alive after that major scandal...NIO will be fine after one fuk boi’s bad take
🤡 hope u learned ur lesson about averaging down. I’m guessing u paid around 6 early in the week and bought more at 3...ur fukt mane. U need a miracle from the CCP. Gud look
>How tf is it already 8am?! ..this party is just getting started!!  
- *Gay Bear that's been up all night doing coke off your wife's boyfriend's dick*
So Tesla?
Sounds like fun. I’ve never owned a share but I’d buy a hat
If NIO rises over 50 Monday ill get a purple elephant tattoo on my right ass cheek
What the fuck, you rly think the demographic here is like 15 yr olds? I wont exclude that but Im very confident most ppl here are about 20 to 30 year olds.
Thank you bro for the support. I hope you have a great weekend.
Just turn it into a spread to minimize losses
meh, 12 dolla gainz is still a tendie
No! You ain’t winning jack shit till you sell. It’s just fucking chart posted on this retard sub..
Yasss
[removed]
Thanks! You too
Serious talk guys, I need someone to convince me my BABA calls are still safe. 11/27 285c. I overplayed a bit and risked 3 month's rent there trying to double down after it dipped but then it got yeeted into a Cliff.
Thank you bro for the support, everyone is bearish af on this thread and act like when it’s a dip it’s done for. They need to look at their financials.
Untrimmed Rc cape tho
For Christmas each of my ten nieces and nephews are getting a share of SPCE and a virgin galactic hat (boys) or space themed earrings (girls).  Hope they don't think it's totally lame
Any Halo boomers that dont wanna out themselves can send me your tag. Playing MCC tonight on the box. 10p Est
[deleted]
420.69
What's up option pick ?
[removed]
My shits have been the consistency of a soggy bowl of Raisin Bran for a few years now.  Am I just getting old or am I dying???
My guess is you will be fine, I’m in the same boat except my lottos are 12/4 70s..... this stock is CRAZY. It is also safe to assume a LOT of people lost money on NIO and are bitter. This stock will make you rich homie. Also for piece of mind, when this stock was hovering around $39 I had 11/13 52c earlier in the week and I was TERRIFIED, you saw what happened yesterday with the ATH? This stock always manages to come through for me, hope the same happens to you big dawg.
Why?
I've already had month salary losses as well as multi month salary gains

I think I'm ready
This is true, but they do plan on removing that limit.
Interesting, what are you going off of? Some of these I see as being safe havens in case lock downs start having an impact on the market but not all. Otherwise many are reaching AH which makes me a bit nervous
haha typo!
Hey man. I hope everyone has a good rest of the day. :) 💕
Porn hub call or put option?
I think so. Tech too far disconnected from SP500.

I think the move into 2021 is value. Tech needs to cool.
Same
Hertz hit a billion couple weeks ago
You obviously don't know anything about computers
I think you have China confused with the US. 

1.	Human rights violations: Black Genocide, drone strikes, imperialism.
2.	Imperialistic policy: 800 military bases in 80 countries and the current destabilization of the Middle East
3.	Rampant Corruption: military industrial complex, prison industrial complex.
4.	Environmental devastation: the US produces far more emission per capita than China. Look it up, it’s true.
You’ll be introduced to my friend IV Crush
It’s Rib meat... from 42 different animals and parts
Honestly fuck my kids, if I make $200 million I’m trying my best to spend $200 million
Nobody tell him
And why would I give a fuck about how many fucks are given by randos in wsb?
Now that's gain porn. Congrats and fuck you. 

I hope for you you have withdrew a bit, you could secure 2-3 time your initial investment and yet keep playing with almost all your gains
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That’s Cheap 
They are 800 on stock x
"A palantír is described as an indestructible ball of crystal."

I N D E S T R U C T I B L E
You should put half that money into an ETF, or SPY for fucks sake 6%-20% a year is better than .1%
Are you saying it’s too bad because you sold before the huge spike?
You do realize that a significant amount of manufacturing is done in China for us cars. Fabrication is just done in the US to be "made in usa"
Truth
Not excited about it no
Most people here are kids. Ps4 was released when they were probably 5-10 years old.
Why not just diversify
Is he ded!?
[removed]
Inverse WSB
If NKLA hit 80 there’s no reason NIO won’t follow a similar trend
it's u/savethisvideo now
NIO to $100 confirmed
[deleted]
Is LAC a good play in the EV climate?
So innocent
Why is that only. Lol fuck is wrong with you guys
Maybe I can finally try one. Last year there was only 2 or 3 mcds with one but were over an hour drive
[deleted]
Monday
Don't do daytrading, most lose money
 Nio's volume on friday was 579,069,870.

Is that some kind of record?
Wish I bought more than just shares. May go leaps
Yeah the Forbes is pretty much the just the public shares of those individuals. I always wondered how many billionaire really exist that just aren't in the public eyes. Mostly old Europeans families but I guess a lot of old families from any part of the world.
They faked us out last time, so maybe 2nd time around they will have gains?

Double bottom sector fake?
This guy “invests”
This market makes dad difficult.  Look at Disney way too close to ATH while putting out a negative eps based on streaming service. Granted the digital platform went well but that doesn’t account for so much uncertainty. Earnings calls are complete coin flips.  Like that South Park where the cut the head off a chicken and make decisions based on where it lands.
LONG SHORT LONG SHORT SHORT LONG LONG SHORT SHORT LONG LONG
[deleted]
Full disclosure: I'm long NIO

DIAMOND HANDS BABY
You are new to the internet, right? Its on the Net atleast for 10 years now.
But...but.... he speaks Chinese because he is from China
Are you cool with an unrealized loss?
If illpkm is right then you should buy the Nov 20 Puts
Are you meaning that only non-transexual women are sucessful?
Well what has me confused about the situation is the reflection of the world. Fixed is dead for a while really until someone brilliant figures out how to actually profit a lot in it in this environment and with unemployment so high and lockdowns everywhere the real threat is that it is all wealthy or risky money. 

If Fixed heals the stocks will crash. If commodities stabilize the stocks will diminish. If unemployment heals the stocks will rise. If nothing happens returns will continue to be insane until cash becomes worthless. 

I feel bad for JPow. Economic inequality is what allows this to happen; high risk and high wealth returns fueled by govt checks and loans until something just corrects itself and cash flows "properly" again.
FAST THOUGTS ON PLTR ?
That’s what I plan on doing
Blast from the past youg Padawans

When the market didnt think Facebook could make money with ads. 2012. I remember that IPO!  PLTR 25c feb 21

https://amp-theatlantic-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/320493/?amp_js_v=a0&amp_gsa=1&usqp=mq331AQFKAGwASA%3D#aoh=16053606585854&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp_tf=De%20%251%24s&ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theatlantic.com%2Ftechnology%2Farchive%2F2012%2F12%2F2012-year-facebook-finally-tried-make-some-money%2F320493%2F
I went from 78k to 264k in a few months. Started looking up condos in costa rica, new cars, houses. I am now at 75k.
Big Gay Fucked
18 weeks into trading and up 21%

My goal is to get atleast 52% a year for 13 years

I think I can do this

Edit: So you retards aren't here to make money huh?
Why are there even any unemployment reports? My grandpa told me that to get hired all you have to do is go straight to the CEO's office, bang your fist on the table, and tell him you're an honest and hardworking man. He'll offer you a position right then and there. Are millenials just spineless nowadays?
Helping some jackass build a grocery list in a Gambling forum... why? Who the fuck knows.
Holding so many puts for way too long, very painful.  Media doing its part pumping Corona FUD this weekend, hope to see some red next week...
The PS5 is worse
[deleted]
i stayed left before the elections sadly haha but still  GOT SUM GAINS  :)))
I need it to pump before earning
had to read the post twice, "with honour" LMAO
How you never been around for thr release of a new console?
How is that helping them now? Go take a look at Europe right now.
Me thinks its time to rotate into boring value....

* GS
* T
* JNJ
* VLUE
* VTV
* COKE
* V
* PG
* MA
You could sell a 12/4 $50 CC for over $500. Would bring your cost basis around the price rn
It also had a false breakout of its range in September. If it doesn’t break above 152, I’d wait to get in at around 148, if it were to hold. 4 hr is getting a little toppy and it happens to be toppy right at the resistance line.  (1 hr is also) You could play it both ways until it gets up to the peak of the wedge. If it holds. 

Wmt bounces off 152, hits 148 area and goes uppies or it doesn’t hold and crashes to 145.
Holding these PLTR $15c for 2/19/21 since $14.67 a share going to buy more if PLTR pulls back a bit Monday / Tuesday or just buy a higher strike for March  I think these will be a 5-bagger
"Coked up Options" AHAHAHAHAHA
@Konka_S you are a genius, if I had money I would give you awards.
Relatively speaking more people would rather live in democratic cities. That’s why more people live in them. Pretty easy math even for a retard like me and second off nobody gives a fuck about the small cities shutting down most governors are talking about locking down big cities. So in Arkansas that would mean shutting down Little Rock. So fuck off with ur dumbass takes and just accept most of the United States that actually matters and makes money is based in democratic cities.
You must be good at riding roller coasters.
yikes.. yes
whom*
I dont think they offer free shipping unless over $30 which is a huge turn off for me and I assume many walmart shoppers don't have 30
F
That would require having more money? No lol
Buy shares and puts at the same time. 

And also maybe calls lol
buy high sell low 
this is the way
Either sell them at a loss or wait for them to go back to at or above cost basis. Your only two options.
Monday we’ll go up a little more, but turnaround Tuesday is gonna be a SONOFABITCH!
[deleted]
Yikes I guess not. Time to watch some Youtube tutorials ha ha.
You can average down lmao
Never buy shares unless youre comfortable holding for a year without touching
[deleted]
Rkt
Sounds like u need to beef up your Mandarin 🇨🇳
What other govt programs should be eliminated that give money to people? Let's make everything equal, and just like you, I hate when people get "free" money from the government.
You are a sentient being on this planet who has the opportunity to exist and experience the universe. 

Also, read a hilarious book, that always makes me feel better. I recommend "A Walk in the Woods" by Bill Bryson.
They’re up 23% YTD homie...
[deleted]
True but what if you do weeklies super far otm? 

I just sold 5 nio calls yesterday- 11/20 $70 for over $400 profit. There's no way NIO is going to $70 by next week. No fucking way.  


If I could keep doing this every week and get like $400 bucks a week. That would be fucking sweet
NIO shares with 49.09 cost basis, am I fucked, how do I get out without a loss ? Give me some advice
[removed]
Gonna yolo it through earnings. Citron is full of BS.
im thinking to buy more shares or excercise my 12.5 14x strikes which would be 6000 shares ( 60 contracts)
But dogs smell
Jon Rahm better not go -10.
Want me to cheer you up a little daddy ?
I love being retarded. Puts on liver tonight.
I just saw a listing on Ebay Xbox series X BOX going for 630$. There are 11 bids. What.
You know you can sell for a loss and save some money...
Hopefully this summer.
My only concern is that this plays out like the Americas with Tesla and General Motors. Long ago, 90s, GM actually made an EV. No one bought it. Actually EVs have been around for some time. It's just Tesla now took that to the market and for some reason we are ready for it now.

Nio may be the shiny today that misses the real ticket, driven by hype, but not "The One". I think you're right that China will want threw internal controls and powers over is manufacturing powers but I'm not convinced yet that any single company right now in that space is actually the hero they need to move everything forward. 

Tesla has been in the game for 20+ and is still not the hero we need though in recent history it became a major candidate for the revolutionary who sparked the movement and either is that hero or, more likely, Will give birth to that hero company as the market corners. Not to say that the Chinese can't have Wunderkids but I just need to see more shake out since these are also uncharted economic waters.
It did fuck all last ER. But I think Price target is $4k end of year. I have shares
I have 100 shares,  its a shit stonk to sell ccs,  ill probably just hold it forever and hope it outruns an etf
I can't believe the post is still up...    Guess mommy will need to take it down for him
That's a big help. So buy option after they shit the bed for a fast gain?
Nah, they've both been overly spammed the last few days.
Damn they're going for £650 on eBay over here.
Yeah man hate that when people get free govt money. What other govt programs should be cut out?
[deleted]
I am waiting for some positive sentiment to find an entry point.
The story of Sheldon Whitehouse is not a happy story, but it's a story that might be told of many a member of this community. He had the right ideas, but just did not have strong enough hands to see them through.

On July 28, 2017, Whitehouse entered a position in $TSLA. Seeing a modest 3% gain through the month of August, he doubled down on his position on August 24th, 2017.

Although he soon began to lose money as $TSLA sank, in Elon he still trusted, and he bought more $TSLA yet again in December of 2018.

Sadly for Whitehouse, we now reach the heartbreaking part of the story. Seeing a 30% loss on the investments into TSLA he'd been making over the last 2 years, Whitehouse lost faith and sold the entirety of the position on August 27th, 2019.

After holding TSLA for over 2 years at a loss, he sold within weeks of what would become a yearlong, nearly 1000% run-up.
Rich Asians, especially Chinese, prefer international brands and non domestic products.  Probably because the only good products China makes are IPR violations of existing products.
Nio scarlet letter confirmed. 420 is 10 times better than 42. You have betrayed our lord Elon.... as the joker said "you get what you fucking deserve"
Obviously to add to dishes u googan
First movie was the best. 

I try to pretend the other two didn't happen.

Hopeful about the new one!
China leads the world in renewable energy production actually..
he's already banned in HK, bout time he's banned in US too
[deleted]
I must know how you yolo’d back to break even.
"palantír is a fictional magical artefact from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium. A palantír is described as an indestructible ball of crystal, used for communication and to see events in other parts of Arda, whether past or future.”
[deleted]
BA?
[deleted]
sure pal, nice credibility ya got there 

[https://www.scmp.com/business/companies/article/2182211/short-seller-andrew-left-launches-second-appeal-against-trading](https://www.scmp.com/business/companies/article/2182211/short-seller-andrew-left-launches-second-appeal-against-trading)

[https://www.scmp.com/business/article/2038381/hong-kong-bans-short-seller-andrew-left-market-five-years](https://www.scmp.com/business/article/2038381/hong-kong-bans-short-seller-andrew-left-market-five-years)
Even if you get up and do one thing today consider it a victory. Brush your teeth and go from there
I wasn't aware only wealthy white people were allowed to go to college. I must have gone to a different school because I saw a diverse place. Weird.
They're starting a double shift this month do to overwhelming demand. This is it. The only opportunity before this thing takes off.
Ebay but no way I'm paying $1k for one
[deleted]
[deleted]
Xpeng? Yeah, I actually think Xpeng are the better company. The P7 is an amazing vehicle. They really nailed it. They are planning a cheaper more mass market version soon. They will eventually be a very valuable company.
Roofing? Fuck that.. shits hard ass work. Different strokes i guess..
So you sell covered calls with those stocks?  
How many shares of each do you have if you don't mind me asking? 

I have over 100 shares of AMD. On Monday, what would be a good strike price for an 11/20 call?
NWOBHM
Perform if a pretty vague term. Do some interpretative dance and tell her it's your performance of the piece. 

You'll have that finger in your bum in no time!
this is the kind of person who came up with the report, utterly ridiculous that anyone even makes a decision based on what he says 

[https://www.scmp.com/business/article/2038381/hong-kong-bans-short-seller-andrew-left-market-five-years](https://www.scmp.com/business/article/2038381/hong-kong-bans-short-seller-andrew-left-market-five-years)

[https://www.scmp.com/business/companies/article/2182211/short-seller-andrew-left-launches-second-appeal-against-trading](https://www.scmp.com/business/companies/article/2182211/short-seller-andrew-left-launches-second-appeal-against-trading)
The first step is admitting you have a problem
Am I fucked? I have $1,400 worth of $NIO $54 and $57 calls exp Friday
That's true. Every car industry have a bad 4th quarter. So nio should pick up by Jan.
🤢
[deleted]
puts on bras because this literally can’t go tits up
See Wagyu. Try getting one of those cows outside of Japan.
Bro, exactly. I’m not here to play it safe. I bought NIO in August because I wanted in on the EV hype bubble that was massively expanded. I’m looking for the retard strength run ups that toss it into overvalued territory and get short squeezed even higher. Like since when do people care about valuations that make sense. I’m here for a good time  not a long time.
[deleted]
[Of course, that happened even when their rival XPeng shared earnings this week.](https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/11/12/why-nio-stock-is-rising-today/)
naw I am a white guy
Yeah I totally hate it when people i do not know are able to have a better life through a govt program too man.
Short term bear here, long term bull (holding shares). I personally anticipate a pull back to around 35 after earnings. It may reach lower but highly doubt it. Being perma bull will bend you over right in front of the bears. 

Unless they announce a new model, or an increase of productivity they could be stuck in the mud after the 160% run.
By 2022 hopefully. It'll be a big social controversy next year as they roll back the mandates.
LI XPENG NIO = DEAD

&#x200B;

NIU = Just getting started
Before.
Calls on MCD
Uber driver farts are the cause of global warming.
Where can I buy a PS5?!
Shit yeah you were right.
It would be amazing. I’d drop everything and go work for them
Buy after or before earning?
McRib is coming back. Maybe 2020 can be saved by that sweetly sauced puck of mystery meat.
Your doctors won’t say it so plainly my dear degenerate. You’re fucked.
Good my $54/$57 will be in the money with my exp Friday
Duh
[deleted]
Or breakdown last time it hit 151s it dropped to 130s rsi looks overbought lots of momentum going into this though.
What positions?
Getting delisted for fraud
tards on facebook
It means delete Robinhood and download merry maid.
What's going on?
If the vaccine news came through after Jan 20th under Biden then people would be queuing up for it.
Go buy a better mattress then.
May as well pickup some wood from Home Depot on the way and make a better bed.
Also get some food you will get hungry.
Get some sweets for Diwali...
I thought either there or Stamford.
Wierd he told me 300$ by Tuesday
Load up on 11/20  calls and sell at Wednesdays peak. Huge gains coming up.
This is all very true it’s a lot more then just a car company China looks at it as a savior it’ll moon to 100 EOY I’m long on it for life
Stand back and watch. Tons of great plays out there. You dont need to be in this.
Alright here’s what I’m thinking. Mega cap tech ie Nasdaq is extremely crowded and extremely expensive but there’s nowhere else to put your money, right? And everyone thinks it’ll be easy to know when to sell, “I’ll just wait until the Fed starts tightening again and that’s happening never.”

But as we all know markets don’t ring a bell and most bear markets begin while the bull market is still ending. Even though SPY reclaimed its prior high yesterday, the main leaders of the bull market that began really last October, stocks like Apple, Amazon, Netflix, even Tesla have failed to come near to their prior highs and seem to just be treading water. So despite the strength being shown in the major indices, there is some weakness under the surface. There have also been a number of worrying signs about the tech trade going back over the past 3-4 months. Things like excessive speculation in certain areas and lots of secondary offerings.

One idea I’m pondering is if the market really does start looking through to a recovery and stimmy big cap tech could start to sell off to compress some of those multiples. This week it showed some signs of relative weakness. The thing that’s bothered me mostly is how crowded that trade is and how much consensus there is all around about it being rock solid. Market seems totally unprepared for a reversal of that trade. I think how the Nasdaq and particularly stocks like Microsoft. Apple, and Tesla hold up over the next week or two is going to be interesting to watch.
Did the CCP drop $1b into Luckin Coffee?
Well played!
NWBO
2.6 - .9 = 1.7?

I mean I don't disagree with you about the facts and time will tell but as it stands he's 1.7m away from ATH on this deal. Maybe he'll get it all in Q1 2021 or something. Probably the case. Who knows? 

We will have to wait and see.
It’s simple... I’d play Thunderstruck by AC/DC
He (the guy at the bottom of the comments) is an absolute mad lad beta that thinks he’s an alpha.... so he gets downvoted to hell and then some.
Here’s a hint. Futures and futures options are NOT subject to PDT rules. Futures options trade at the same time as futures as well.
Ban
But like..who is acting like that? Trump said cuomo is acting like that...but do we have any proof of that?
[deleted]
Last time I listened to this place and played earnings I had to suck dick to afford ramen.

10/10 I'm all in.
 PLTR is the new NIO
I wouldn't fight it. I would join them. Become the mm.
Yeah PDT is stupid. If I want to lose all my money I should be allowed. Having more money in your account makes you a better investor?
Oof 😅
[deleted]
Short term option play? Any good one?
Where you live? It’s a beautiful day. Go get a cup of coffee. That’s all. Just get up and go. That’s a win.
How are they letting the option like that in the agreement lol
[deleted]
That’s hilarious and I bought it too. Makes it even funnier that people are against taking “trumps vaccine”
Thank you for your service
This is the worst week they had since 2015. Very unlikely that we will see another dip like this.
[deleted]
It said removed lol
[deleted]
Anything bullish will get rewarded. Short term and long term. If you're going long you should get your position in any chance you can if it pulls back. It won't dip for too long this thing comes back with a bullish vengeance every single time they sell.
My brain has been screaming “spy puts” to me for two weeks now. Friday was the first time I didn’t load up on any. Red Monday confirmed
What happened?
I'm already getting a half chub in anticipation of the loss porn.
i bitched out
I hope they’re denim.
I already have to wear them all the time and I’m sick of it 😒
I didn’t and I won’t lul
I have a share
Hope you loaded
[deleted]
Then do it yourself lol, you can also pick green or red dildos too!
Well son.

 The truth is you were adopted.

Feeling better?
What you holding ?
Yeah... no, you have obviously no idea what you are talking about. Did you just think of the most non-reality based response and type it up? You are either an associate dean at a small liberal arts college, or a boomer. Either way I dont trust you, and do not like you.
Best call option for pltr?
get up and go for a walk. don't let depression win bruh
Lets talk about it.
I did a 3 day golf school here in Austin, made friends with an older retired couple who were members at Spanish Oaks G.C. and they invited me out for a round. It was wild, the rich live a completely different life than the rest of us. Besides that, I’d say hire on at one of these places and maybe they’ll let your broke ass play a round. Lol jk
Have you noticed when Walmart reports after hours their stock shits the bed the next day? 6 out of their last 8 er.
[deleted]
shorting market open on spce is extremely successful, it very often gaps down 1-2% before recovering. especially if qqq down
But, but...I was told the virus would go away when Dems won
LOL. Yea. This shit hits a little too close to home.
For starters NIO sells actual cars that you can drive, while Nikola sells a fantasy.

Citron research actually recommended buying NIO a while ago, but now they claim its overvalued.
I had the same sentiment on Monday. I mean they had a 26% increase on singles day. I kept saying it can’t go tits up and then my calls went to $1.
Yeah I did.
Right at the all time high, oh how I wish I had jumped in at half the price.

Thankfully it climbed even further after $10.
Why u remove your post
If you don’t have a house and a yard don’t get a big dog. On top of working 2 jobs, I have to walk/run my husky 3-5 miles a day because of how much energy he has and because I don’t have a yard for him to play in yet. They are lots of work, but they are your best friend ❤️
[deleted]
[removed]
I am European no venmo for us.
It’s okay invest the 3% in hookers and cocaine
You can either buy TSLA now or wait and winge like a lil bitch when it gets added to S&P500 and goes transonic to the moon
What ever happened to Walmart+. ?  That was supposed to be very big hit to Amazon.  We might start seeing the results in the next earnings call.
So fucking depressed I can’t leave my bed
Dem buzz words doe.
[deleted]
What's the best option for this play?
Lmao whose the dude that suggested phizer connect with TFFP? Huge insider dumps yesterday. That’s positive right..🤡
Yeah I was just fucking with ya bud.  I’m approaching NIO differently than I’ve done most of the high flyers in the past.  I sold AMZN around 2014 for $650, because surely it couldn’t maintain that level.  Watched NVDA for two years waiting on an entry, because surely it couldn’t stay above $75.  Got in at $100, sold at $160.  AMD same story.  TSLA same story. 

So now, I’m just going to hold this one. Might be $500 in a few years.  And, with the mega high premiums, I’ll probably sell some covered calls.
[removed]
Thanks I was hoping someone would get that 90s? reference lol

* just checked. 88 😂
I know this pattern...it’s the middle finger formation. Bearish.
[deleted]
Credit growth is shrinking and no stimmy on the horizon. Yeah I’ll pass.
Funny thing is that the very next post on WSB is someone making $50k on NIO.
Sorry, typing error.
I think eventually we get to a point where some people just wear that shit all the time.
Fine you move to Albuquerque and tell me you love it.

BTW, no need to shut down an Arkansas when your population density is low, dumbass.
What’s solo opening at  on Monday?
Lol typo, 155.
ok boomer
Same. My weekend feels like a torture
Who’s trump
This is the fucking way! The sets don't seems crazy but by the third of forth set even though I can do 1:15 planks it's the 30 sec ones for 4 sets with 1 minute between them that BREAK ME DOWN. Small gainz add up hugely fast for the body. I can't do sit ups yet because of some back injuries which is why i'm so plank focused but YEAH MAN GET THAT SHIT.

Best part is that even on red days I can stack gainz on my body and still feel good.
you must have a healthy heart.
Inverse ETFs are good for this.  I'm a fan of SPXS.
[deleted]
Really really fat
LoL @ smog in places like India before/during/after lockdown.

Covid was the best of the worst solutions. It kept tech booming and has fueled green energy.

That leaves 2 choices left for our planet:

1. Total collapse and save the planet - stonks go down
2. Yolo and destroy the planet - stonks go up
TSLA is A-OK
INO 
Really don’t see a valid reason why the FDA would allow Inovio to proceed with their second phase clinical trials (FDA has to decide before the end of the month).  

The call / put ratio favors the bulls. Where do you stand? INO has a fucking shady track record and several other vaccine projects are well ahead of them.  

Either way that shitty stock is going to move 30-50% on either direction in the next 2 weeks.
Fuck fuck I’m so depressed, Damnit NIO
I dont think that one had Chinese Goverment support tho lol.
You fed Jen to your dog didnt you
What about my BAC 28p 11/27
[removed]
Oh, and don't forget Door Dash IPO incoming. Just filed paperwork yesterday.
[deleted]
Junkies
Will we ever go back to not needing a mask in public or is this the new norm
11/20 $355c seems like a strange pick.  Why not something in the $155-180 range?
% is only 1 factor. If I throw $1000 in a speculative option play I don't care if I lose it all, it's juat $1000.
[deleted]
So autistic
Will be sideways until new numbers in Jan. Nobody believes in them except us and Cathie
This dude is brilliant. Baiting people who want to know more and demand more info. Then says fuck off, I don’t have to tell you anything and can still use my freedom of speech. Good on you fellow American.
TSLA?
This is the best part of the Trump narrative.
You just wait and see Amazon Q1 earnings after Christmas. This shit is going to be insane. I know calls are expensive but just buy some fucking shares. It’s not going down.
Calls on CHWY.
Wow a DVD... I wanna suck you so badly
Yes sir. I will do Jan call option just to be safe. Thanks again for easy money. :)
Your girl says “I’m not gonna stick a finger in yo ass unless you can preform Little Fugue in G minor by Johann Sabastian Bach” what you do?!
I’d like to do that too but this thing is so retarded it would prob get bought right but up in AH/PM lol
[deleted]
Dogs are bigly responsibility. A lot of people don't realize how much work goes into taking care of a dog cause their parents did it when they were kids
Trumps administration did nothing to develop the vaccine lol, bntx is a German company
Off topic, but do you ever sleep lol.
Good call.
Tesla is a real company with real employees. This is nothing like Tesla.
I bought long shorts
Betting on NIO is not a personality
feels bad man, let's pray for some red days this week I'm getting out even if it's at a loss, this market is absolutely stupid, no sense of direction, ATH as America looks ahead at 200k daily cases, absolutely insane
I think Saxo might be one of the best.
You can always ask about their policy for non-members. If it sounds possible tell them you enjoyed the round and would love to come back but you don’t see the value of joining for everything else
Big fax, now she's hot she's crying. She forgot this was the lifeline that kept her and her team afloat.
Its 2020 and 80% of people still dont short.
Nothing wrong with that either man. I kind of hope it goes back to where it needs to be
Up with my kids watching cartoons and enjoying my morning coffee. Kids don't sleep in...at least mine don't (6am here)
I’ll make this my Teams profile first thing on Monday
$41p 11/20 ready to lose it all
Sup boys

If you not already have a dog.   Go to the pound.    Just look.  

My tendies go straight to my doggies belly.  

Let's keep an eye on $TSLA.    This company is going to make bank on tax credits under this incoming administration.  

I miss my mango.  

But this is about feeding my dog.
Nice boomer stock
Have you seriously never heard of Luckin Coffee
she sold out. now she's crying because of the consequences.
It’s cuz you’re fat, you’re fat, you know it.
I thought about that, but kind of figured it blows up if I want to return.
[deleted]
Everytime I've bought calls, some political fuckery destroys them
I first learned about him from a Tim Sykes DVD back in 2008. It is 12 years my friend.
Dow calls free money
I don’t know anything about options I never bought any. before I started trading I saw WSB and I felt like if I ever bought options I would gamble my life away. I’m very impulsive and couldn’t make smart/rational decisions.

That being said 25 in 3 weeks is likely.

Keep in mind only invest money you are willing to lose.
He and his organization did absolutely nothing to aid in finding a vaccine, and they didn't provide the money either. German vaccine, German money, danke deutschland
Omg it's actually him. He just walked up to me, stared me in the eyes and said, "No is going to believe you." Then left out my window.
Can’t fool no one Buffet!
Someone is saly. So Im trading for less than half the time you and you are getting duped so easily? Amazing 🤦‍♀️
What's a good call option for this one?
Got Black Ops Cold War, cant download campaign on PS4 lol. Puts on Activision.
i second this

since the rona i started push ups , first 3 sets of 10 and so on , im up to 4 sets of 25 now. Then sit ups and russian twists and squats and im buying weights soon to start doing real shit.
Call and ask about joining. When they set up a tour say you want to check out the course as well. It might work and may even be free.
Do u take venmo?
Once the meme machine runs out of steam it's going to settle back to realistic levels. These are just facts. PLTR gang for now, and exit once the front page of WSB becomes 70% PLTR.
[deleted]
11/20 355 c lol you can’t make money off that contract
I had a dream Amazon opened at $3326 on Monday. Here’s to dreams.
This does not bode well imo.
2023 Leaps bro, FAANGMAN
[deleted]
Imagine looking at this year and thinking "investors" use fundamentals and reason to determine stock prices.
ARK wasn't as hot, or she didn't have as much faith in her team back then. Either way it's fucked.
This meme template never gets old
my ECG on Apple Watch has a better pattern but ok
Me too!
The minute my grandma brought up NIO is when I knew it was over. Imagine thinking bootleg Tesla ran by handsome scuffed Elon Musk was going to keep going up. 

Never put faith in communism you bird brained jar heads.
Thats why these WSB sentiment trackers such as https://stocks.comment.ai/charts.html have super noisy charts lol
Yeah, same with buying puts on house of cards companies which is what most people who are saying it’s overvalued are doing
I am an expert at reading random squiggly lines plotted on an arbitrary grid and there is a 90% chance of rain today.
eggs(buy onion powder, if you dont have it, is yummy adding a pinch to eggs)/turkey sausage/bacon/turkey bacon/butter/avocados. for a smoothie do frozen blueberries and other fruits/flax and chia seeds/almond butter/peanut butter/Oikos Triple Zero yogurt/oceanspray or other brand diet cranberry juice/Bananas/baby spinach/carrots/kombucha in whatever flaor and brand you like, i enjoy humm. for sides to eat along i get sweet apple flavor rice cakes and top them with peanut butter. also almonds in whatever flavor looks best to you, i enjoy the habenero bqq ones. i add tapatio and sriracha to my eggs, as well as a little sugar free syrup on my turkey sausage if im having turkey sausage that day.

thats just breakfast.

 pm me if you'd like to continue with lunch and dinner ideas, im more than willing to help someone else get their diet in order and learn some new food items to cook, its important.
As soon as they consider the climate a serious threat to their goals the CCP will pump an insane amount of resources into not only preventing it from fucking them, but also profiting from it. Pooh Bear doesn't have to win elections or worry about a pesky freedom-loving constitution so he has far more latitude to deal with this shit *if he wants*. There is no obstructionist Congress preventing him from doing what he wants. Their massive tree planting programs along the edge of the desert suggest they're starting to take things seriously.

Also they want their hands in every sector just in case it takes off. Maybe Pooh doesn't give a fuck about the climate, but he does want China to be leader in battery and autonomous driving tech just on case that shit becomes real relevant real fast.
Long nvidia Inuit
Your subconscious trying to tell you something
I would buy calls or shares, set a stop loss not far below $150.
RH always has a few darlings everyone piles into and they're often familiar repeats in a cycle. HTZ, ACB and NIO recently got whacked, so the RH mob's probably looking to migrate next week. If you can figure it out and get the 5% otm calls on sale before the migration, you'd be set all month! I've ruled out: EVs, REITS, Weed, banks, and RH usually doesn't really care about energy or non-penny healthcare, consumer staples or utilities. I think it'll be Tech, Retail or Airlines. AAPL, CCL, RCL or SAVE comes to mind, but it's usually something already recently beaten down on at least the monthly for the mob to get excited.
[deleted]
Yes and there's another part to it ... it excludes place of residence. Could have 30 million parked there but not considered "wealth" ... which is crazy because 99% have most of their "wealth" in their place of residence.
Wow.
Checked his twitter, he isn’t saying anything crazy
It's rarely either or.

We're also too fucking big to really do anything. Kind of our Freedom loving charm.

We'll need to be more careful cause this Winter is gonna be less than ideal.
This sub flips bears to bullish to bearish again, that if I leave for ten minutes I’m lost lmaooo
[deleted]
You must be new to Chinese stocks
Point taken.

But cars to put my life in? Nah.
Yeah I bought fake acid (2ci) from a methed out hippie at a music festival and I survived
Left wing shithole? Ya the cities that make up most of America’s gdp? Meanwhile u have shitholes like Arkansas or Mississippi still open. Maybe ur from one of these actual shitholes(almost all the Republican states)
Ma haven't tickle Xi's nuts.
Holy shit. The clothes in the corner of my room looked like weird al yanchovich and scared me when I woke up
Will it be smart to get two to three weeks call option for this stock? Also, will it reach that number by three weeks? Thanks also, what do you recommend call option for this stock?
You mean like an iphone?
"Nio is way overvalued" - yes guys, everybody knows. It is not a secret and no one is pretending like this is some sort of mind blowing fact. Nio was (and still is) a house of cards that is one major recall away from drastically falling. However this isn't r/stocks or r/investing \- it is fucking WSB where 'letting it ride' and 'yolo' are people's mantras.
Beclown? I like it
[deleted]
Ahhh the old "heart monitor pattern."
I'd be hesitant for whoever made a vaccine that fast but I do worse things to my body so fuck it
Uber killed or forced to work through them taxi companies all around the world. Long term surely they will turn profitable, autonomous vehicles always was a pipe dream.
I have $22 call calendar spread, STO 11/20 and BTO 12/4. Should be good but if this Wednesday when shit tanks I’ll be buying atleast 2-5 more. Let’s see if you do deserve 3%
I'm not overly familiar with miners. The only research I did was to find which had options play, but I felt that the options Greeks are more favorable with SLV compared to miners..hence didn't put further research into miners.
It already had its dip on Friday, citron had their fun
Chinese Elon: shorts, LOL
No self-respecting retard would ever invest in an ETF
No book just 10 grand
Oh look a RETARD who didn’t research before he jumped in. Let me guess we or your broker were supposed to give you everything on a Golden platter? Fucking jigaboo
Is it always a single yolo?
Chinese always buy Chinese, they don’t want Tesla. NIO $100 by February 2021.
[deleted]
What the fuck why they dont wait me
Imagine losing on NIO 🤦🏻‍♂️
its honestly hilarious that Michael burry is acting like a dumb asshole on twitter. it rules when know-it-alls beclown themselves publicly
im talking to you.. you didn't elaborate why they are weird.
I’m not a Trump fan by any means, but I find it laughable when people are anti-vaxxers for operation warp speed’s vaccine because the research occurred under a Trump administration. If Obama did it, he would have been a fucking hero lol
Numbers changed; 408 is better than 44
The son are no longer listed as son in the family certificate
Trump is saying he wont lockdown while biden is likely to initiate one, exactly which route is the market pricing?

neither imo markets just gave the 🖕🏿 to covid and lockdown a long time ago
What was up with that sudden price drop AH?
agrreeeeeeeeeee

BABA deserves an amazon-like valuation but only thing stopping it is sentiment and fear about owning chinese companies. this will slowly go away. all we need is a solid year of biden where no one starts any SHIT with China and everybody plays nice.
Got em 😂😂😂
It is the way
If hes got 3 baby mamas, the Elantra and Casio are strategic.  They find out about each other or the 15m in property he won't be able to afford flying economy.
Not only do you believe in TA, but you are requesting others do it for you. Great wealth accumulation strategy, maybe write a book?
Ta people literally always say that at highs
Been shorting uber for their autonomous fleet moonshot since $19. Guess where i am at now.
I'm in WMT as well. Bought long calls
whats the word on the street in China about NIO ?
[deleted]
Uber was never going to be able to compete with an automaker that was producing autonomous vehicles. That much has been obvious for a very long time.
I am selling NIO 33p 11/20 and you are wrong
This is a dumb take because then no one would release dd on anything. The reason any large company releases dd(good or bad) is to profit off of it otherwise why would they release any at all?
Not trying to flex but I am a 100 trillionaire in Zimbabwe and to think some moron sold me 100 trillion dollars for 10$ US. A fool and their money are soon parted!
Tesla better hit 500 by Friday or me and Mr. Musk are gonna have a talk..
We know the British are stupid. That’s why we whooped that ass
Lol, posted about Maga
My broker doesn’t have options on NIO but I would be dumping everything i own into NIO 20/11 30p as am 99.9% confident this meme will crash like a rock comes earnings.
F\*ck I really wanted to buy this at around $7 back in March but got scared out of it.  Then missed it at 8.50 a month ago.  Chances this will drop back down to 7-8 in winter?
Anyone golfers here ever had any luck getting on to a private course without being a member?
Kinda wanna move in land and start a commune for whenever the inevitable collapse happens
Your brain is like... Super smooth huh?
bro what
treat winter like your staging period before spring and summer. You ain't getting summer goals without laying that winter foundation unless you want to work EXTRA hard in the spring.
[deleted]
What’s your play dingleberry?
Y not
I'd say we could do rolls of quarters instead, but I don't know if any of us have the liquidity for multiple rolls of quarters.
Chinese Elon: shorts LOL
y
Yes
60% of the time it works every time
No ban bet, no positions, no fun
shadowlands isnt even out yet? if u mean crushing it on pre orders, that happens with every wow xpac, and then the stock dumps a couple months later when the sub numbers drop off a cliff

candy crush is priced in

overwatch 2 probably wont revive that franchise by much, shit is on life support, but i could be wrong, we still dont know much about the game 

i saw some gameplay of the new black ops game and i wasnt impressed, looks like the same old shit.

either way, ATVI should hit $100 eventually, too much secular strength in gaming. but it will be a slow and bumpy ride so its best to just own the stock
went to bed at 6pm yesterday cause a storm was coming in and me and the pup had a long day running errands downtown and playing in the park. now im embracing the quiet morning and poking around youtube and wsb while buddy naps for an hour to digest his food after eating breakfast at 4am. about to get out of bed and make breakfast while he hangs out and chews a bull penis. then were gonna head to the dog store to pick out a new coat for him. lots of cold heavy rain days coming up and even tho he is a lab he still only has his puppy coat. hes outgrown his old coat he wore on cold/rainy days and he isnt walking as long comfortably without it. i can see the cold and wet getting to him a lot quicker and he wants to turn to go home earlier without it.
Sir this is a Wendy's
I’m not a scientist but I believe you because you commented last
Well now you've got to elaborate.
TSLA is gonna moon next week
I am jacked to the tits on Jan $25c
First class is a ripoff unless you’re going a damn long way
He never said that there are no american shitstocks. There are. But american shitstocks ceos cant cheat without 0 consequence. Chinese shitstocks can.
🌈🐻 midwinter wake up confirmed
Ah a fellow genius i see, i didnt even yolo, its guaranteed. I put 5k$ in it on thursday because it is GUARANTEED profit
Why, you're correct sir
He means we are moving into a dystopian economy, characterized by isolation.  

In other words, no more parties until everyone can be tested or a has a party pass/ clean bill of health on their phone.   It's going to take more than money to get into places in the future.
have fun going short
They did it to ENPH twice.  If you're long on the company and believe in it, use the opportunity to buy the generous dip and be happy when you increase profits.  If you had short term calls, it sucks...
This is the best time to get in on BABA

Change my mind.
Before too I bet
Lol have you not been paying attention?  When is the last time SPY went down because of covid numbers?  June?
Chinese Elon: shorts LOL
[deleted]
This is an ignorant and uninformed statement. 

I can give you 5 or 6 better plays than Aphria that are all US companies...
[deleted]
Sell for +280% profit? 

Nah, 💎👋🏻 and panic sell for +16% at the bottom 😎
If I posted in on Friday you fucks would’ve destroyed the pattern that was needed to be built.

Now we have it some might get in Monday but there will be 10% gain anyway. Wednesday is what matters and that’s the dip to get in and just wait

This is the best double D you will get in a while better follow my advice and make sure to give me the 3% I request
Yep
In theory but like I said, I’ve never had success with them.
When can I go back to hanging out at restaurant bars for happy hour and picking up single moms?
FCEL to the moon
I wonder if SLV would be a good straddle. It breaks expected move so often this past year.
🤡
damn it's a europoor irl
[deleted]
We could change that with an official wsb buttsharpie challenge
[deleted]
[said it earlier](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/_/gc75830/?context=1)
It literally gonna pump after ER
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Im getting used to working out at home since I had a bunch of physical therapy sessions after losing to much weight too quickly. TONS of imbalances when you carve a 5/7ish fame from 216 down to 145 in 7 months. 
Now that I am here its been body weight and 2lb dumbells working on my shoulders thats strait humbled me. At this point in my life I figure if you can't get up and do the fundamentals at home then what exactly can the gym offer you except the scenery. 

Crank out some planks and plank push-ups then do some mountain climbers then rock some squats and some fitness ball yoga. Toss in some push-up variations and maybe a set of 20lb dumbbells for curls and I garentee you results.
oh my calls
https://twitter.com/REDBOXINDIA/status/1327593901994086400 ASTRAZENECA PHARMA: INDIA TO GET MORE THEN 100M ASTRA VACCINE SHOTS BY NEXT MONTH
No I have calls, but I keep thinking the market is gonna crash.
[removed]
Ugh. Gross. Disgusting. Ewww. How could you even want to look at that subreddit when there are so few men who post pics.
Would nio be a good stonk to try it out on?
yup easy money with how many shares were bought up.
NIO bag holders anonymous
Ever since I put in a big chunk of money into my account, I’ve been making insanely good trades. For the broke boys, don’t buy shitty options just because theyre cheap, buy some expensive ones that are weeks away and not as far OTM. It’s crazy how much of a difference that makes
Nobody cares about technicals not even the technician
The bubble is priced in
alcohol is the worst for your sleep
Holy fuck PLTR to the moon monday?
Gonna tell Andrew Left to square up
Good points. The IV right now makes it tricy, but IV will probably be high well into the next year and it works both ways.

Most pandemic hit stocks are not at all time highs ever, and that's why I focused on UBER. I will look into the R\^2 and will try to see if math makes sense.
[deleted]
there will be a big drop when the flight doesnt happen on the 19th and they do it the last day of the window. IT dropped 30% last time when the flight window came.
[deleted]
Pretty fucking useless of you posting this on a saturday
Because Trump isn’t shutting down shit and the 73 million people that voted for him probably agree as well.

The only places that are shutting down are left wing shitholes.
[deleted]
I’ve done it a few times. It’s never worked out for me but I’ve learned some things by doing it. You’d think the volatility in this market the past year would be a straddling dream but I just can’t seem to pull one off.
What is wsb’s official stance on r/ButtSharpies? 🧐
I am so hungover fuck tequila😤
You don’t have money in the market, pusy
So that's the catalyst that brings rationality back to the market? 😂
You or the options?
Its an older meme, but it checks out.
these fintwit parody accounts get less funny every week

i swear theyre just recycling jokes from a year ago at this point
May not be a good time to get in, she just lost her majority interest in Ark Investments.
i am a nio bagholder
Very gay
NIO vehicles go uphill as well
Good Luckin your trades!
It's going to moon after ER it's just so obvious. Only an idiot would have a bearish outlook for next week. Have you not read the technicals?
Nice bot
Oh so pathetic just like our lives
Next thing you know - uber starts escort service. That's a high margin business! and all your puts gone...
You're arguments aren't wrong. Yeah stocks with betas over 1 are gonna be more volatile than the rest of the market and sure the stock is overvalued when looking at price multiples  but those arguments have been said for since the stock IPOed so its nothing new and those by itself doesn't justify using puts as a hedge against SPY. What I would be more interested in is the R squared of Uber with the S&P and the IV of Uber puts so that we can determine if the volatility of Uber is indeed too rich for us to open a position in.
This post make feel like shit cause I don’t know what a condor is.
😂 Inverse WSB struck again. Lost 90% but my stocks did well
I will wait till Wednesday.
My 30c jan 22 are up 300%. Soooo ok yah
Anybody here straddle options? If so what was your experience?
Really good
[removed]
[deleted]
Literately everything is at all time highs.
They'd already had made their money on NKLA. 
 And was a lot worse.
Monday people are hyped and want to get in so they do 

Tuesday people with FOMO get in because FOMO 

Wednesday is post nut clarity and people realize gains and FOMOs now fear higher loses and also sell

Thursday shit recovers a bit 


Friday FOMO kids cry because of losses. take it very personal and double down because that’s what you do when something loses you money either take everything or let me break even.
oof
Rookie
Ez
Lol
Calls on your marriage 🤑
God damn that’s ugly
[deleted]
Was it you doing the killing or what?
disgust
Bear trap
["We don't need prayer in schools. We need the tossed salad man"](https://youtu.be/5dwN9TsK4lo)
Absolutely. The first step is to locate the nearest Western Union.
[deleted]
Skip the steaks bro, since I started skipping meat, my portfolio gains doubled
wow
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
No ban bet, no pics of position, no fun
Nio rocket is starting, idiot. This was the shaking of the tree, monkeys are running. It is a national thing, Li Xpeng Nio they are shafting the auto cos in the ass. When the music ends , it will be decided in Beijing not at the ws.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Frankly “China” and “green technology” just don’t fit together in the same sentence. Their sky is ORANGE ffs. 

Would you trust and buy anything China makes? I wouldn’t.
Covid cases are rising, talks of cities shutting down and SPY goes up on Friday? Why?
Hoping for a mini bounce. Then again we’ve seen some crazy runs in the past
[deleted]
Mkts weren't at a historic ath back then!
Fuck off with the bold
She good or bad for us?
Was it ever?
as Elon said: shorts LOL
the Shanghai Composite Index has never recovered from its pre-2008 high. SHCOMP is the ticker.
I have confidence in your autism
🥳
Yeah be careful with your trades 200mg is where the magic really kicks in.
🍑
:O 

will do thanks
Bro, I'm living under a bridge, even a 500$ cardboard box is a castle
The exposure from just his position will probably lead to more price discovery.
It should be “don’t”
You definitely could give one. Are you incapable of giving fucks? Why couldn’t you?
That's different than every other week since April how exactly?
you are fucking welcome
[deleted]
[deleted]
lose that "would be nice" mentality. embrace whatever environment you are in and get to work.
Can you shorten this up a tiny bit?  Too many letters for tombstone
Take a look at PLTR's dump on market open last Thursday morning. Their earnings report was Thursday night.
Spy stay down and tech go up! My portfolio ask of you stock Gods....
Why is it red on Wednesday
throw on that hi vis vest, a headlamp, and embrace the dark. i honestly really enjoy night jogs around the neighborhood with my dog now. used to hate walks in the dark, but ive learned to love them with the shorter days. its all mental.
[deleted]
🅿️eekend 🅿️ow 🩸 🩸 🩸
People happy at Hinderberg for exposing NKLA but mad at Citron for knocking down NIO 🤔
I'm thinking 300 by January but we won't see ATH until 2021
I’d say carrots, potato marbles and brocolli. Hooe you have thyme and butter in the fridge. Best low cost meal prep ever.
No, they gave us a BuYiNg OpPorTuNiTy
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Still buying NIO all day everyday - 2025 I’m BUYING YOUR MOMS HOME 😎
r/ThatHappened
Is this why we celebrate loss porn?
U go on their website and sign up for their daily emails
Nio is great but it’s also a meme pump and dump right now like pltr. Getting in at this price point is crazy to me
Thanks
Subscribe to it lol
We will be punished for this. How could we abandon Elon? After everything he’s done of us
Grab some cliff bars for when you’re in a rush, I seriously live off them on days I have to work in the morning
That's another one.  Same as INO. Very few vaccines will  come out as a winner at the end. Long term puts - a no brainer
Speak for yourself. Some of us have been broke for years
i see a lot of people here post ark's trade logs where do u guys see this stuff  ?
NIO takes a dip and everyone starts losing their god damn minds. What you retards are forgetting is that the CCP practically owns all Chinese companies. Whether or not its trash, they literally will not let their $1b investment go to waste and let themselves look bad. If this company has a chance to benefit the CCP in anyway, they'll have full government support when it comes to expanding and going into other countries. If you don't think that the CCP would benefit in anyway from having this company in foreign countries as well as expand rapidly throughout China and SEA then you're delusional AF
Tesla  square roku
PLTR would need to be trading above 60. Not unobtainable.
[deleted]
[deleted]
cool now go do something else than yolo your money
Yea bruh but search the same thing with alibaba. They’ve had those “12 month targets” for the past 3 years.. that being said I have over 40k position in nio so I’d happier than a mofo to see those median and high projections, but gotta be kinda realistic
Because these people are autistic know it alls.  They miss out on gains and get salty then when it dips as it will eventually they put out a post on why they knew all along it would go down.  Leaving out the part where it is still at highs of the day before and it already rain 8000%.
Headed to work, son. Gotta work hard and make tendies so I can lose them playing 0dte spy puts Monday
Dill/parsley/cilantro. Add some to every fucking dish for pow wow. And a box of Raisin Bran crunch for the depression
Oh I miss her
Yes I believe in Cathy Ark
>He is saying that investing in a dishonest COUNTRY with no value on morals like CHINA is risky.

As if 'value on morals' wasn't enough, the only thing wbs could give even less fucks abou is probably 'risky investments'...
Well played
you like avocado so i cant help u since im pretty sure u people were dropped on your heads at birth & have malfunctioning taste bud
Small cap reverse Mergers. You literally just described every SPAC ever. And I don’t hear people losing their fucking shit over those.... yet.
This.
Sleep ain’t the only thing your losing. I’m in the same boat
If it reaches $155, its Market Cap would be ~$220 bn. Tesla at current price is ~ $382 bn. Atm, Tesla delivers 11x cars as compared to NIO. Plus, Tesla is way more competitive globally as compared to NIO

I hold NIO shares and at best it could reach $55 to $60 in the short to medium term - or could even drop down to $35 to $38 range. $155 is an insane projection lmao

But if it hits $155 soon, I ain't complaining 😅
I only chase the FOMO.
Hoping for good gains with them. If the test flight goes well (without being delayed), and the media gobbles it up I can see SPCE being the meme stock of the month. 

Pennystock if the test flight ends in disaster on live TV.
These Amers don't realize Chinese companies pump the shit out of their American companies so they can take as much American money away. They're not stopping they just started, i don't even need to believe that nio makes good quality cars to know NIO is gonna surpass Tesla at some point, and BABA sells 74B$ in revenue in a single 'Chinese shopping holiday' in one day. That's insane
Not until you got a Million
Bullshit, when I was working from home i had a great workout routine. Working on site again has destroyed all motivation
Can’t you read??? I told you Monday will be a green dildo and that’s when you want to get in? Get in on Wednesday when it’s red
Sir, this is a Wendys.
yeah dude, you don't wanna be asymptomatic at a grocery store giving out viral loads to asthmatic grandmas. You're doing the right thing by not going in to work.
I mean didn’t nvax do the same thing? (But reached 180’s)
No ban bet, no positions, no fun
Gotcha be careful bro. Oh don’t panic if you do get it, just a hypothesis I have but I think your immune system will overdrive if you do so be calm, eat healthy, isolate yourself, drink lotsa water
They're gonna regret this call.

She ain't done
Would you care if anyone hated you if you could post an article and bank off the price going down? Nah. You wouldn’t
[deleted]
Anyone follow Cathy Woods investments and made money off them?
Tell me more.
What are you reh taded? Spce is old meme status
Just got off the phone with Jack ma, he sounds as depressed as some of you bears 😞
Back from my weekly jog trying to get high as hell so the market opens quicker
There was still chance for bailout from norwegian government and they have green to use aircraft now they had down for a while.
Buy the dip.
From 2 to 54 in 1 year. That's not normal. You knew it, everyone knew it, so jokes on you. The guy from Citron was like a kid, who said out loud "the king is naked"
his license plate must have nio on it
[deleted]
Lmao yeah without a doubt. Only problem is, I'm not a gay nerd.
This is exactly why baba and nio and every Chinese stock just keeps going up and up. To take as much American money as possible. These low share prices are nothing. This just started.
eggplant, stir fry sauce, pork, chili powder. oil and potatoes. frozen dumplings with vinegar. milk tea. tortillas, pineapple, pork/shrimp/beef, cilantro, lime, queso oaxaqueno, corona. chips, salsa, hummus, spinach artichoke dip, black bean dip, and corona. charcuterie board full of meats, cheeses, dried fruits, pistachios and other nuts, and corona. plus a 12pk of corona.
[deleted]
Yes.  I'm a lawyer for the royal family of Nigeria and I specialize in these types of transactions.  I do ask for a small fee up front to cover some expenses, but I know legal loopholes that will enable you to keep 99% of your existing assets.
Holding till $1,000+
So that’s why Elon sent one to space.
[deleted]
we shall see but DEFINITELY puts on the deli counter I work at.
I mean, the largest Swiss bank in the world is the largest institutional owner of PLTR. I trust the Swiss with their money-grubbing.

From reporting date 11/13/2020 Morgan Stanley has 3M shares, and 'Public Sector Pension Investment Board' has 4M shares.... (same report with the 18M Soros)
Switch it up. You don't want all the shit going one way all the time.
Or interactive brokers
Gonna take off bigly next week cuz my 22.5c’s expired worthless. That’s the DD
Is it too late to buy nio?
thanks I did get the flu shit this year and have been taking d and zinc. Just being overly cautious much to works demise for a week or so. I had some clamminess and cotton mouth ALL day yesterday, which is why i opted to get tested just to be sure. We were both working within maybe 3ish feet and pasing each other to go to the counter for most of the day. I am hoping for the best.
🤡
[deleted]
I think etfs might be a good idea for you
[deleted]
Going to pick up some apple turnovers for breakfast for me and my wife
Positions or ban. Put your money where your mouth is

Mods!
I'll yolo $4000 on it Monday.
At which point did you start options?
The "mink" strain is still within the current vaccine's domain, so as long as people are not purposefully mutating the strain we will be fine. 

>Much like the flu shot. Sometimes 30% effective

And this is some high quality misinformation.
Thanks for posting this on a Saturday when I can't take action on any of your 'financial advice' before the market opens on Monday
well bear ghosts flew out of my ass for a while

I tried being a bot

Now I am just 4 AM drinking with the ghosts

so... things happen.
Andy Left (Citron) is an ass. He Sold his position in NIO at $7 and is Salty AF. I wouldnt doubt he Bought Calls EOD Yesterday for the runup next week.
[removed]
Going to hit 30 before march imo.  180 day hold period for the remaining 80% of outstanding shares is over.

Also read somewhere they would be issuing more stock in jan but it was a rando on a message board fwiw.
Mama yellen is back 

https://twitter.com/carlquintanilla/status/1327417128107044864?s=21
[deleted]
Gotta check if baron funds and Renaissance tech adds them next. Sometimes I email their investor relations and ask why they aren’t in a certain stock . I asked how a fund like baron’s fin tech could possibly not be in square. Couple weeks later I saw sq added to their portfolio. Coincidence ? Probably
Introducing the all new 

A U T I S M O 

Tesla’s latest EV
Thanks man I kinda feel for work since our department is screwed but at the same time, If even one of us randomly goes asymptomatic and it isn't caught, the whole place would be screwed and we are grocery.
NKLA motto-“ just let gravity sort it out ”
Thoughts on BABA? I'm losing sleep.
This guy is creepy af. I'm staying far away LOL
Next comes some frivolous lawsuit from a bullshit law firm that will never go anywhere, but the rumor will shake out more.  That will be your buying opportunity if you truly believe in the company.
Globalism the future, AI is the future, PLTR is the future
Aye man im responsible for this
wallstreeteats

\- kodiak cakes w/ a bowl of fruit (blueberries, strawberries, cantaloupe, grapes etc.)

\- french toast with peanut butter

\- oatmeal + eggwhites w/ any of the above fruit combinations.
You right. Kates good too
Shares
[deleted]
Should I wipe my arse from the front or the back?
Its all extremely bullish
[deleted]
I’ve never seen something so chaotic neutral
[deleted]
I do half this and half Yolo.  They tend to cancel themselves out and I pretty much break even.  I was thinking to yolo the whole thing but I’d probably be broke and unable to trade anymore, ha!
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
F Citron and their argument is stupid.  If they were competing for US marketshare id say ok i agree.  But no the argument is tsla will take mktshare in china based on price cut n china market ...against chinese company.  What type of sweetheart terms do u think nio has w chinese banks suppliers etc.  If you think they arent getting some type of chinese govt sibsidies uou are a fool.  All nio has to do is respond w similar price cut and chinese govt will not let them lose. Diamond hands f citron.
That's what she said
I only eat frozen pizzas and cheeseburger since age 6 and Lookit how I am I’m fine :)
[deleted]
💪💪💪
[removed]
Who the fuck do you think you're talking to, boy? I'm down 50%
Nah, for coffee, tea and cooking. My 4 year old will chug it given the chance though.
[deleted]
Check out the volume of calls vs puts.... crazy amount of calls.
You could have put that money in literally any other company and done better
BYND foods
Theres going to be so many ev bag holders here soon as they are SUPER CROWDED, make sure you're not one of them!
I think aphiria or one of the cannabis comp. has a therapeutic for covid that is being tested.
Business is business. It happens all the time
I sold 66C 11/20. Don't want to get assigned.  60 would be good
This is a thing of beauty right here
it happens because she gave [Resolute](https://www.resolutemanagers.com/) minority ownership with an option to take majority.

if she didn't want [ARK](https://ark-funds.com/) taken over then she shouldn't have fucking given them that option.
[deleted]
Are you stalking your wife’s boyfriend?
Soros buying 18million PLTR shares is music to my ears. 'New' IPO software company landing government, army, and healthcare contracts YES PLEASE. Let me throw my life savings into this one basket.
Bro re read the ticker
Man this isn’t going to age well....

My dude just take the win and cash out or a month from now you are going to be asking how to yolo the last hundie in your account. If you have been posting here for 30 days and have not realized this yet you have a bigger problem than being autistic
Genius!
[deleted]
wtf are ya'll doing up? Its fucking 4 in the morning and saturday.
[removed]
Horrible advice. The machines become self-aware way sooner than that.
You can only print so much man
gotta have that disclipline and conviction bro.. selling out of a losing position is truly the worst thing people could do, IF it is a quality company..
If you partake try some edibles.  Might help w/ modulating the immune response, in the sense of making not as intense.  It works for colds, much like robo or a cold tablet.

I might have had this last jan for a month or so, pounding the caramels.
I was trying to figure out what 710 meant, thanks
peleton and beyonce. oh the sweet sweet sound of tendies
[deleted]
Frozen pizzas
Lmaoooo
Shenron only made you money because you wished for it.
Sell puts. ITM puts are 3%
I put the unsalted in my coffee.
I lived like a king with 300€ for a week and a half You could probably pull it off with 50k for a lifetime
its still blowing my mind that beyonce is doing classes herself. its seriously going to be insane the amount of sales they will have for ladies who want to "interact" with beyonce and get fit at the same time
real retard hours
was smart.. i was releasing positions during the fade like a fool.. one trader i really like thinks moderna is going to pop Monday AM.. be ready for an 8 or 9 am report..
It's a decent deal but not very sustainable long-term.
[deleted]
what? you mean the rumors about her  💋👄💄✊🥒😲

you must be 12 years old, everyone already knows that shit happens all over politics
The fuck they are...learn to turn left zoolander
Half & Half, Croissants, Orange Juice, Bananas.
Simps
[deleted]
GME is the one true investment
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jq3vjf/why_nio_is_pumping_1118_ban_bet/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
[deleted]
Oh shit, youre right haha. My bad.
Yeah wsb has really gone down hill as far as that dept goes this year, it's all satire, meme and shit talking > I used to come here for insight, now I just pop in for a good laugh during my downtime
60Bn is too much, but NIO has a lot of potential given they are in China and the market for EVs there is going to grow tremendously fast due to regulation.
All day!
Congrats for buying at the top
I can buy one in a third world country. It's not 50k, it's ~80k. Maybe we have a different perspective of what rich means, but being able to buy a house isn't rich. You can still buy a house with 10k down payment and pay the rest in the next 20 or so years.

Being rich means that if I decided to not work a single day in my life starting tomorrow I could live an above average live for the next 40 years or so.
[deleted]
if you see carefully, it is showing you a middle finger
Short sellers are paid researchers, too. Don't give Carson Block so much credit.
gay
Didn’t she know they had this option? Seems like she did it to herself
They expire worthless
The word "UMM" is why.

if you don't understand watch some of her podcasts.

and her macro analysis is all shot to hell even if she is right in regards

to investing for ark.
There is also the chance the earnings will be good and the stock will zoom up again, no?
hurrr discord gang 🤡
Isn´t the memes the reason why we are here ?
We figured out TA, following memes, and guessing are the most effective.  DD may as well mean double dicks cuz it gae af
>But the fact all these other WSB posters think it’s about to crash is a bullish signal.

It could go both ways really, I've seen a ton of people also say it will moon on monday
[deleted]
What student loan debt are you talking about? My federal loans are 6%. I owe close to 400k so that’s like 2k per month just in interest. In what world is that a very low rate? In contrast my car loan is 0% and mortgage around 3% so I’d consider those rates low but student loans can be ridiculous. Obviously credit card rates are higher but only retards hold high amounts of credit card debt.
It's an iron condor where there is no gap at all. In my case, the sold call and put are both 300, and the spreads go out 30 points in either direction (330/270). I recieved 25.00 in premium so really it is profitable between 275-325. At 300 my max profit would be +500%.
Price target for 12/4? I don’t see any near term catalyst and there has been a huge run up already...thoughts?
Kerrygold butter is just better tbh
That’s so fucked. She clearly was in a pinch back in 2016 and had to sign some shitty deal

Probably when her Tesla investments were floundering

They’ll figure something out though. She’s pretty crafty
Sell CSP’s at 5% OTM
You collect premium. There will come a day you get assigned, but that’s no problem if you wanted those shares. 
Atleast you gain some profit in the meantime.
All in on Nio Monday morning! Citron screwed us yesterday!
Pretty sure this is the Oracle
Always was that way
Facts they messed up the whole vibe on Friday!
Chat with traders last episode was interviewing someone who exposed a crap ton of Chinese companies for fraud. Doesn’t sound like NIO would be one though lol
Why is the song such a fucking banger
So are they gonna work for free? Use you brain retard

If the government say “we’re locking down” but no one’s enforcing it, do you think people will obey? Think retard
Why should you not hold leveraged inverse ETFs?
JNJ
He’s got + 200mil profit in 1 month 

I don’t have to work a day in my life anymore if i can get that. 
And my children, and my grandchildren, and...
That’s not good lol
Don't recommend. Their app can't handle large traffics so sometimes you won't be able to buy/sells during volatile mornings. Happened to me couple times where I couldn't unload/load my options till 20-30 mins into the day. 

Great charts/analytical tools though. They show lvl 2 for free
I feel sorry for you sheep. I can easily explain to you who she really is, but I feel lazy
Yes
Next week NIO will be in 50 again, the Chinese government is too big ;)
you got this bro, just follow your doc's advice and keep your mind gucci
[deleted]
What happens to my stocks that I own in the OTC if the same company gets listed on NASDAQ? Do I own the same amount of shares or will there be some sort of conversion?
This guy will be a millionaire on Monday
Stalks only go up
Damn there’s really no DD anymore, only memes
I am sorry but it will rip to 18+ on Monday with insane volume and you will only make 9k
[deleted]
Land Cruiser, not rover

And he's been driving the same one since 1982
[deleted]
then you have two choices. Place it in a conservative ETF and let it turn into a lot of money over the next 50 years. Or play risky games with it until you lose it all. 

personally, I would put it in the XLK and keep delivering newspapers or whatever you've been doing to earn it.
Kid, just put it all in SPY and don’t touch it, and I can almost 100% guarantee your account will grow in the long run. You can’t say that about any of the other tickers these guys posted.
Lmao you don't have 40k to drop on a single option smh
Naw, I’m already up over 125% and this thing is going to the moon!
Check your under your couch cushions...thats where I found mine.
[deleted]
Some one tell me PLTR is going to rip to 18+ Monday with insane volume so I can make 10k
Bro, don’t do it. We are just on the edge of gme greatness. Would be better for Jan calls, but 11/27 may still print lol
das fked up man....wonder why
*Google NIO stock forecast* 

*Click first link* 

"Median $155 high $310" 

That's all the DD I need, never selling.
So is DraftKings. They’re doing great
its
He is saying that investing in a dishonest COUNTRY with no value on morals like CHINA is risky.
50/50
buy leaps on something oversold
citron can suck my motherfucking duck
Why u guys muted me? I have been submitting the highest quality *kiss thumb and index finger* DD to the modulators
Cows exist and can't be patented. Autonomous vehicles can be patented and licensed at a rate that is just barely cheaper than the cost of hiring human drivers. (rather than way way cheaper, which is what Uber's business model needs)
What happened was WSB got mainstream news attention and alot of legitimate investors (non degenerate) realized you could actually make money following the sentiment of this sub and catch the momentum in alot of the mentions here. TLDR you lot have attracted some vanilla mother fuckers like me and I looove it but I am watered down AF
Baba calls?
5:04 mountain time checking in💯
Gay bear 🐻
We out here.
not bad but i actually prefer using their desktop version
Sir, this is a wendy's
Look y'all gotta short Uber once you hear rumors that Tesla will be releasing their own ride hailing network with robotaxi. For now I'm gonna wait on the sidelines, stonks dont care about fundamentals right now, look at NIO.
https://www.pionline.com/money-management/resolute-take-majority-ownership-ark-investment-management

How does something like this happen tho ? Our girl straight gettin robbed we should sign a fkn petition change.org
Show us on this teddy bear where the market touched you
I sell weeklies as well. I read somewhere it’s better to sell 2+ weeks out??? Makes no sense to me
[deleted]
SLV surfers never went anywhere
I just want to rich with the least amount of effort possible. Is that so much to ask?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. Thats hilarious
PLTR new meme stock for next week
No one here is investing. We are gambling.
But they feed some.
Nah hop on buddy 12/4 15.50 calls here holding it out through next week at least
She’s tough enough to be President, if it comes to that in his term.
364p 11/18
Soros and cathie just bought in so you can too
[deleted]
Yes
How my 15.50 12/4 PLTR calls looking, feeling like I should have gone further out
[deleted]
[clang gang back in business!](https://www.reuters.com/article/russia-wealthfund-gold-idUSL8N2HZ41I)
Username checks out
NKLA also used reverse merger method to get listed on the stock market without going through the traditional IPO scrutiny. So avoid companies that act shady.
Zinc and vitamin D bro. Hope u got flu vaccine too. Btw, got it around feb, worst sore throat I had. Better have betadine gargle 3 times a day. After 7 days, you’ll lose your sense of smell but that’s all. Though your mind will be kinda foggy. Droplets can land or your eyes btw, so yeah mask works but if the other person ain’t wearing any, you’re fucked
That's why I let my wife's bf be in charge of my trading account.

Fixed it for you
Not this GME tard. I bought NIO puts when literally every thread and comment on the daily was about NIO. Easy 2 bagger. 

What’s interesting is I’ve been in GME since before it got popular on wsb but if I had followed my own strategy of inversing and bought short dated puts those would’ve printed too.
Post us your Monday ‘profits’ please
I'm in 15.50 calls for 12/4 starting to think I should have gone a but further out
There are lots of ride-hailing apps around the world, and no viable autonomous solution yet. Whoever comes up with the first autonomous solution will get to sell it to whichever ride-hailing app pays the most. In that kind of situation, even if you have the winning bid, you're probably the biggest loser because you're overpaying.
Depends on the amount, sleep sci be crazy
Haven’t done my taxes man I’m too turnt up
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
was more curious to see how they like it and how it compares to amzn
One month until I take you to Disney World
ya if u held nio calls today ur a retard. even worse if u bought the dip. let the meme die fam
60% of the time it works every time
[deleted]
Someone said to buy NIO yesterday.
Options are fine IMO as long as you have an edge

It's the gambling shit that is pretty much zero sum or worse, minus the odd survivor
See? I told you Epstein is alive and producing
I’d like it to do well but still think it’s going down personally, at least until November’s numbers are out. Needs to cool off and stop pricing in so many futures.
/u/perpetuity_ what’s your price target if it is stripe?
This makes very little sense. You are far better off owning DIA, earning 2% yield and another 2% yield by selling monthly deep OTM calls on it.  Check your Berkshire vs the Dow last few years he has heavily underperformed it.
Life is good
I started getting calls from congressmen begging for money way before that. Like $5M.
> The staff are loyal and take docked pay during a time like Covid with honour.

There's nothing honorable about lowering wages for harder/more dangerous work becasue you aren't willing to accept the cost of doing business.

They take docked pay becasue they have no other choice not becasue they are loyal to their employers you delusional fuck.
[deleted]
PLTR
So tell me how I’m wrong? 

Thay way I can learn... or are you just going to spout im a dumb ass and trail off
Very much so
[removed]
Iykyk
[deleted]
Tampon is right after vodka I heard. The reasoning is that tampon/period is every month or something like that
Live in Norway - I wouldn’t touch the stock. They were essentially bankrupt even before covid
[deleted]
MMT only works if the government can spark inflation and pass those costs onto everyone through a depreciating currency.  The federal reserve has been trying to spark higher inflation for years but has failed, it’s clear we are in a liquidity trap.

MMT always ends with hyperinflation and replacing the current currency with another more stable currency.
I'm in all three 😎
Jughandles are superior to left hand turns.
[deleted]
Or making a left hand turn
you asked why everyone cares about earnings

because traders front run long term investors before earnings

and because if the stock is a shit company, they're going to do something limp dick as fuck like sell shares ATM like idk Aurora, which adds to the supply of shares

so its like yeah you probably want to know what the company is doing if you're a trader playing earnings
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Been trading 5-10 years? I bought AAPL in 2006. Go fuck yourself.
F but it’s wakey time
Tldr, sour ones vote.
So is PLTR basically the precursor to Westworld's Rehoboam..?
[deleted]
Oh right.. 

You’re accounts blown up so you lurk with envy on WSB, obviously these are calls where I’m not dumping a hail marry into... we all gamble here with fun money
Amd puts
Hahahahahahahahaha
350K in Dallas with no kids has us as comfortable as can be. Now there's definitely richer assholes around with their Ferraris and shit but Im not worried about all that.
Be interested to know the specifics/positions if you don’t mind sharing.
[deleted]
Calls on you bro
What exactly do you think Mitch is going to pass for the evangelicals with a Democrat House and a Democrat President?
[deleted]
tech got raped , vaccine ruined everything. e.g - AMD gang was one of the coolest and they got wiped out earlier.. most bears got wiped out after election, only boomer investors made bank this week. RKT gang.. no words haha
Welp I spent 5 hours worked with a  guy who tested positive. Just got the call yesterday that he popped. Got a test scheduled for tomorrow but work is going to have to figure it out. Wore masks during the whole shift but Im starting to get a dry throat and cough. 

Who wants put or calls on my health.
Yes
SPCE still vibe?
Go open up a credit card account and inverse me then.
Buy more
[deleted]
Um.  You’re the GOAT
!RemindMe 1 week

I just jerked off to your comment
What broker
Wtf is an iron butterfly it sounds like some freaky shit
Stonks only go up
*Username checks out.*
Tesla was a bubble when it was trading at 1.3k 

Nio gang 💰💰🤑
He's down 4 strokes with 8 left to play in this round. I think he's got a pretty good shot at pulling it off.
Nope join the gang
It’s painful
Could be worth it. We been hearing a lot about Woods recently with a new documentary coming out too. This shit is like foreshadowing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's weird that SPX and boomer indexes reached ATH but tech lagged. Smells like capital rotation.
Woosh
[deleted]
Money 💰 you win 💰
2days until I move to Orlando
[deleted]
Sell low buy high
McDonalds doesn’t raise cows yet it’s profitable. What’s the difference?
Yep, they made a shit ton of money shorting it too
Just saying it could go up but it could go down too

Well no shit
Ok, so what happens if n a 50/50 tie breaker? Since the dems have the VP position the republicans need 51, not 50.

Plus as said elsewhere, this would be through executive order.
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
JD gonna print.
Too bad lot of you didn't jump on the train
Just like pumping your own gas.
Just put down $5 on Tiger winning the Masters, +2200.
I will stay low, so as not to be detected...
A 3 world country is a less developed and poor country Examples include: Afghanistan, most of africa, albania, vietnam, etc...
Stay strong little roots!
You can easily buy a house for 50k in third world
Whatever it is it's illegal in new jersey
Anyone know of any up coming NIO’s???!!!
*stonk
[deleted]
Guys, what's a stock?
the solo is ugly but optimal, essential and cheap. They also have a factorty in china, i'm in.
ANALYSIS

IMPORTANT WORDS: BED, FEEL, COMFORTABLE

RESULT: CALLS ON LUBE

CERTAINTY: ABSOLUTE
not at all, but expect there may be short term pull backs. You should by and hold PLTR shares and just wait out your 50 banger over the next 10 years
You think it could have gone differently if you made an ITM call for Amazon?
[deleted]
Nope. PLTR going to hit 30 in less than 6 months. Guaranteed.
No lol, everything they short moons. PTON, NVDA, TSLA etc
[deleted]
Thanks for the free money bithc
Pray for me. Set a limit sell and will try hard not to remove it
[deleted]
I just made this my phone wallpaper screen saver thingy.  One of us! One of us!
It’s at 488 wow good call. Is it worth buying into now?
How's the phone app for webull?
I tried that and the mother fuck just decided to explain to me why I got flagged lol. Told him I knew why I got PDT'd but pls forgive me and he said no
Is it too late to jump on the PLTR train?
Lmao it all makes sense now
4 years until I become a filthy rich millionaire with my 1.5 shares of nio
SpaceX will probably never go public. Elon has talked about wanting to run it privately without shareholder interference. I've read that Starlink will probably go public someday.
has to go down a bit more but sounds about right,
All I heard was calls on NIO

I’m in
[deleted]
What's your problem than invest long term and mind your own bs, I can't trade with 10MM either but you know that you are in WSB, don't you?
Now leverage it to the tits 100x.
It's worth it tho. Stonks go up and tits can't go up
And there was me thinking ye were all talking about Citroen.
People here are the coolest, I know they are kind autists at heart. Thanks for the encouragement!
Citron pulled the most dirtiest move with NIO. 

Shorted the stock so they could get in on a good price.

It's so obvious.
[deleted]
ahahah was about to say that just happend bro
Is 36 early
<insert “this is the way”>
<insert “instructions unclear, calls or puts”>
<insert “wife’s boyfriend”>
<insert “priced in”>
<insert “you belong here”>
How can any sane person invest in shady chinese government owned company
tbh I just assumed this argument... I might as well start reading into what happened with all that investments over those decades.
[deleted]
Cranking it up babyyyyyy!
It will bounce back up to $300 or so, I'm confident, but china tensions are going to cause a headwind
[removed]
7000 people active and just me and treecrust here tf
guys the ghosts of dead bears are just flying out my asshole.

Thats normal for bulls right?
same with amd, we were memeing it to 50 and then it went to the 90s
Think you should get off wsb. WSB is a tool not a lifestyle you should adapt imo
Dude, other people invest long term because they have to. They can't trade with $10MM dollars.
yeah, it's a little sad. can't take it with you.
Dude I'm not taking about a long-term-investment. Obv what you are saying is correct. But your company can make as much profits as you want (Intel, Gazprom, take whatever you want) that doesn't necessarily say that you, as a shareholder, will benefit from that in the SHORT TERM.
ooooo i am dumb
Ye, hoping for a dump early next week as I need cruise lines to come down 10% before Friday.
The razor!   Is it raspberry in color?   That was my fav!
[deleted]
Im calling the tax man
40% of my portfolio is plnt shares. $100 by 2022
I net an easy and stress free $1k a week just playing theta gang.

TSLA, AMD, DKNG, PTON, FSLY, mostly weeklies but I'll sell monthly OTM puts if things go up like crazy 

Premiums were way better a few weeks ago though
Uber have been trying to be a tech play (both in their ride hailing and delivery app) and their autonomous vehicles. Owning the tech internally, vs externally will be a massive difference in margin, and change how they can adapt to fit customer demands.

A model where they work with an external provider just won't have that synergy. Yes, their unit has been having problems, but a management clean out and rethink was needed, rather than an ill timed disposal. 

All IMO though. 

I'm just some schmuck in business strategy in an unrelated sector.
[deleted]
Give me something spicy
....Working on the weekend like usual.
Lol i posted the same and got death threats
Are you speaking from experience
Lots of $ROPE calls incoming
Think that was You Fit.  Just as shitty of a gym
Those guys are all wiped out atm.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Soros is making a big data play. It is just a basic play that every investor is making. Look at every big data play and that is where you'll be making a bit of cash before it wipes out a lot of wealth.
All in Monday morning 😎
so many crybabies, yeah so what citron made an annoouncement, haven't you made a wise investing decision based on fundamentals and future earnings? nope you haven't you twat, you've invested your moms money based on memes and number of times the stock is mentioned on this sub and its been working for a whole year. stop crying, just look out for new memes
Why would they need to have that technology developed inside the company? Specially when it's not going through.. Aurora and others alike will likely want to partnership with Uber to test and run their AV and Uber can focus on what they are.
they have to be a growth company yeah otherwise it's not a good buy and yes they have to outgrow their competitors in order to gain market share over time make sense?

and if your earnings aren't going up, you probably aren't growing or maintaining market share

AMD is a boomer stock for fucks sake
No they didn't
Imagine you are so full of shit, you have to call out someones YOLO after it failed. Are you poor by any chance?
NIO/GME rejects plz invest in PLTR.
[deleted]
Got it, long Uber.
The headbanging cat.   The tru MVP
> If you watched batteryday, notice Elon suggests future EV design will make battery apart of the chassis. This will have huge impact on weight reduction, weight saving, and thermo management.

He's basically copying what Canoo did with their "skateboard" technology that has all the important parts for a self-driving car in a thin chassis. Then they plop a car or truck top on that base, and for now put a drive-by-wire steering wheel anywhere inside the vehicle *(until autonomous driving is mature and then that part won't be necessary)*.
Huh
This
[deleted]
Is it on?
What a dumbas lmfao
Is there a way to declare double bankrupcy?
Fuck Citron, fuck Andrew Left
On the bright side, everything that dude shorts turns to gold so lol?
I'm doing it
[deleted]
This
Nio going down next week anyway. Anyone who still holds is fuk next week.
Another of those gay bears, always pitching stupid UVXY as it keeps going down lol
Then go 16C.. 983 volume

15.5 is the move tho
Keep buying your very profitable stonk company buddy, like INTC. enjoy their dividends and their high margins buddy
And then the price gets pumped. Wait a couple hours or days and see the activity, don't fight the market just ride it
The Bean!
[removed]
shh dont tell all the retards
Alcohol is just as bad
BRKB
When his options expire worthless
We are autistic retard
Another person mad that they missed out because they watched the China Hustle. Couldn’t time your shorts like David and Carnes?
Dd
This is a gambling sub go to r/investing
I'm starting to think that the retarded kid in kindergarden that sniffs glue probably makes better trading decsisions thatn the average person on WSB
Bless
Ban chinese adrs scams from wsb!
What’s a ‘world country’?
[removed]
Gtfo
[deleted]
[deleted]
>this puts pressure on the SEC and FINRA

I laughed out loud
I actually try to use reddit as a resource and tryyy to get some work done!

Then WSB comes up in my feed.   And now I want a moon yacht.   And in this sub I don't have to work to get it. 

I hate you guys.   I love you guys.  It's 6:16am EST, I may go look at charts and not do anyfukkingthing productive all weekend 

Fukkers
Treecrust why are you here we cannot be saved we are too far gone
Its very interesting to read change.org petition comments against that Citron guy, nobody fucking likes him, hopefully EVs will rise on Monday just to show a big fuck you to that guy.
should I go all in on roblox. don't message me things about the game im not a zoomer and I don't care
[deleted]
You were probably sucking off the wrong people dude
And we won't settle for less 😤
Quite a bit of American wealth was in fact tied up in Germany's economy. Around that time.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We don't want it we want NIO $60
Damn that is a virus???
don’t drink.
It’s the only thing for me keeping me asleep until 8 or later
Figured BRK-A owners were on Vanguard or Fidelity.
[deleted]
Nah let them pour money into CCP commie pockets. There isn't a single piece of evidence that suggest the removable battery system is 1. Practical 2. Profitable. 

They sold what 20k vehicles in a country with 1.2 billion people woo hoo amazing.
17k people who got their calls expire worthless lmfao
Switch to a new broker or if it’s not rh ask for forgiveness
My Remind Me just came through. How is this working out for you? Where to for silver?
I am a beginner, and while learning I add definitions, tips, and other information I come across to a Google Doc. Would be happy if anyone wanted to make use of it, or even better add and improve it.


Here it is:


[Trading - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/171doHRwDEzZGv66GlbJX6NsJM6KHkvM4EhhOOzrFM9U/edit?usp=drivesdk)
"Stonks are supply and demand"

yeah and if a company makes zero fucking money, they need to keep issuing shares to keep the lights on

holy fuck
[deleted]
This will be an interesting thread when it turns out Nio is just Luckin 2.0.
stocks changed a bit. Nothing else
So a 2t company?
[removed]
Weekend nasdaq bloodgreen
That’s what I thought lol specially goog
Miss out then lol, if you choose not to decide you have still made a choice
You realize the guy, Andrew Left, literally started as a nobody just shit posting like yourself. 

He initially started StockLemon.com in 2001 as a self-published blog containing reports on controversial companies. He rebranded the site as Citron Research in 2007.
You miss NKLA? It’s just the same but it’s NIO and other stuff slightly less scammy than Nikola.
Where does $180 get me?
Just what we needed, a 137th NIO comment.
[deleted]
That’s because people expecting more vaccine news over weekend, if it doesn’t come it will probably dump
Yeah, you can't take a shit at the roulette table without getting dirty looks
SPCE

I miss the days of just straight up AMZN FDs
Fukd in dee ass
[deleted]
Don't worry, our day of loss will come soon enough. PLTR GANG OR DIE
HTZ
We was talking about it before a NIO bear got pinned
NIO bag holders sounding like tanker gang bag holders.  Know when to cut your losses.
Why would you want to fuck a wife when you can Holla at some instahoe in the 18-22 age range? A petite one would Def fit into your leased lambo.
Pussy
When did you buy these
Ikr
[removed]
I feel like this happens in wave. Not long ago people were piling on SPCE with the same sentiment
[deleted]
Stonks
[deleted]
Frunk
Where’d you buy your crystal ball from bro
Just read it
Shut up and show us your puts pussy
Could he enact lockdown w/curfews (martial law) using the severity of covid as a pretext i mean. Does he have that kinda power?
This is WSB, you don't close the position.. the position closes you.
Yea if ur on RH try a cash account on Webull
And fuck citron / Andrew left, all my homies hate citron / Andrew left!!!
[removed]
🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽❗❗

Edit: the dkng thing was like Wednesday.  Yeah those were rhe fuckin days you dont get days like Wednesday anymore
Special
I feel you. Bagholding a loss of $1.2K.
Just so you all know. Your collective investment  isn't enough to move nio 10 cents. Going down was inevitable. Multiple posts warned you the say before.
Will it trade flat, yes, will it go back up, yes. But not at the retard rate it did the passed few weeks. Gl
[removed]
VOD - 15.5 C 11/20 >>> top pick 

KEYS - 110C // 11/20       >>> very high pick

ZTO - 33C // 11/20          >>> good pick

TSN- 62C // 11/20            >>> reasonable gains
And the top is the best!
Got to admit miss the day when everyone talking about things like...Like TSLA PRPL NKLA AMD GME DKNG SLV ACB AAPL and then recently NIO AND XPEV... Damn I really miss the day that CORN GANG exist too. 

What Happened to the sub now? Feels different

Oh an the random awards given to the best comments etc.. and the day almost some who shouted DKNG got platinum award. Damn I miss those days
VOD - 15 // 15.5 C 11/20 >>> top pick 

KEYS - 110C // 11/20       >>> very high pick

ZTO - 33C // 11/20          >>> good pick

TSN- 62C // 11/20            >>> reasonable gains
That's not how it works retard. 

Dealers BUY stock against the calls they sold in order to not have an infinite risk if it moves against them. When they see the price moving against them they BUY, and when they see the price falling to comfortable levels they sell their stock, hence why NIO started to move down on Friday expiration and lost a further 3% after hours when dealers didn't have to hedge anymore, fuck all to do with CITRON.

Over 40% of NIOs total call gamma expired Friday....  If there's not a huge amount of stock buyers next week the price will plummet as these dealers don't have short calls to hedge against anymore.
[removed]
Or puts on nio 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Always inverse WSB. All in bitch
Avg price he bought was $9.5 according to the article. So they are x2 already on the investment.
Open a cash account
Stocks would be much more interesting if tradings were implemented on weekends.
[removed]
Just by looking at the after hours buy volumes for travel/leisure businesses I wouldn’t be surprised at all if we got vaccine news this weekend or Monday and the insiders chose to hop in. Tons of green candles in there and at fairly elevated prices.
This 100%. I'M NOT CRYING, YOU'RE CRYING!!
Can I see ?
Good news is I ended up 18% yesterday bad news is I got PDT. Can't make a day trade till fuckin February
[deleted]
Shares or calls?
Sometimes you have to risk it for the biscuit boy you little BOOMER, u having fun with your WasteManagment stock??
Everyone went broke
Ugh, seems like it was overcorrected but what do I know and the general overview in this sub is that stonks do not go up rn 🤷🏻‍♂️
[removed]
Whatever happened to rogue hippie? I miss that guy here
[removed]
Why is nobody talking about how Citron was against Tesla earlier this year? I really think NIO having a red day was just as much correction as it was about that article, but what do I know I am autist.
[deleted]
[removed]
So you're saying I have a chance?
Why?
This sub changed... what happened?
Hab grad erstmal geschaut was das ist, sieht ja echt affengeil aus kumpel nase
There are a lot of longs here looking for a decent entry point, willing to accept imperfect and hold through the swings. I'm totally willing to accept 15 as the new floor and continue to average in dips below (and I was initially in under $10, so have that personal psychological bias to overcome)

Every 10X stock was once 2X and everyone who was in at 1X thought it had mooned and was done.
AAPL GOOG MSFT
But it wasn't because of "demand problems" like TSLAQ retards have been repeating for a decade.
[removed]
[deleted]
TSLA doesn't have a solid state battery yet.  Solid state batteries hold more energy/kg, and charge much faster than conventional lithium.  It's a big step ahead over what TSLA is using right now.  That being said, they're purported to be difficult to mass produce.
I agree with your thesis, RIGHT NOW the mkts can't justify a move above these levels imo > a new stimulus and confirmation of the senate race can though as it requires such a large amount of new liquidity to take it up those levels which investors will need a justification for
He picked exactly who he needed to. He won. You can't run the simulation again and see what would have happened.
What did he do in HK to get ass fucked by sec?
Looking at Playgirl?
Not sure what to do at this point lol, kinda conflicted
[deleted]
Thissssss, I heard this in my soul
Sounds like free money for theta gang. I'm thinking of buying a deep itm leap and selling calls against it for ridiculous premium. You can literally pay off the cost of the leap if these premiums keep up and be playing with house money.
[removed]
I have 110 shares.... at $14 per share 😎
[removed]
I just read that the guy leading The White House's COVID-19 task force for the past few months is  [Kevin Hassett](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Hassett) . This guy coauthored the book [Dow 36,000](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dow_36,000) . This guy is one of the people responsible for the accelerated reopening of the US economy.  It seems that this guy will do anything in his power to help the DOW reach the 36,000 goal, maybe to gain fame and sell copies of his book.  DOW 36,000 confirmed?
Could be, if it doesn't break the trendline, 350-349 could make sense.. but if we break below would rly hurt the bullish case.. which could go like this : it just consolidates sideways while Nasdaq breaks out, catches up/dow sells/cools down, and then we begin the melt up phase of the market which many are calling for (mainly due to liquidity).. aka a move similar to that from end of June till Sep3rd -> to spy 380-400 or so before imploding.. After 2 months of basically trading in a range, markets need to decide where to go
The same thing that made me buy nio 44p 11/13s Thursday before close
Turns out it's already almost at $125
Hard as fuck rn
Oh and SAP won't drop, buy stonk or Options 100% winchance it's safe hold with good gains via options viable
'NIO continued to surgeon...' fuck man
u mean how she locked up some weed dealers?

whatever man she wanted to go up politically, u think other politicans havent done worse to rise in the ranks?

she also put away real criminals
We all know mango is vindictive enough. But does he have the power to actually do it?
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Just Screenshot this and repost early December when you lost your money and I make green forest again
[removed]
I think you don’t know who she is, do a little searching and you’ll see
What makes you say that?
You right bro, deleted
Fed will just print retard
Yes, and shitting it here doesn't help.
Shut up douche. Im riding the hype. Of course its a garbage company
Lmao
After riding nio up from about 15, I sold leaps at 65 yesterday around open. Nios revenue today is comparable to Tesla in 2015, so if they manage to not go bankrupt in the interim, their revenue and time to achieve profitability should be similar. 

The multiple nio is supporting is still absurd, and anyone that says otherwise is butthurt and on hopium. Still not as bad as Nikola, though.
that’s a Porsche 356 replica dawg
They don’t need funds to enforce a fucking lockdown lol
There’s no way we can pay off debt.

Only way is to gradually devalue the currency over time, obviously more than the 2% a year in the past

Also, there’s a lot of uncertainty going forward in the economy.
Apha 📈
Zu spät biatch hab 1400 seit paar Monaten
I highly doubt it
its going to be super choppy. Moderna is going to release the vaccine data and everyone with puts is gonna shit the bed. Also the real problem is how long the vaccine pump will keep the market up. 1 day? 5 days? people not waiting for the moderna dump are gonna have a rough time.
Bagg holder
That’s so true lol
My current supports are $350 > $345 and in the worst case selloff scenario a multiday -6% move to > $338 ( look at the air between Fridays closing price and the 20ema on the weekly, it's wide enough that algos are going to wanna test that soon)
We gonna find Jay behind the wendy's
I have a feeling Nuance is going to do some things.  Volume is shit though.  But enough for me to buy like 5 or 6 contracts.
Me setting tight stop losses for once and actually making profits is very much enjoying these Nios memes
Its going to open under 40
Good call bro it’s definitely feel like a pullback is bound to happen lol
and obama coming in at the 4th quater with 3 minutes left def did it also.
Not really

Stacy Abrams was going around Georgia making sure voters were registered that resulted in a huge black turnout this election. 

Kamala had maybe 10% to do with the black turnout this election. Secondly, a lot of black people don't really associate strongly with her.
Fuck off retard
Yes
Bruh she’s like #5 on my hottest women list... that’s practically in my league! Let’s do this!
[deleted]
I thought we’re defunding them? 🤔
300 IQ.
They're  multiple strains nows. It won't be an effective  vaccine.  Much like the flu shot. Sometimes 30% effective
No need to worry. NIO calls are safe

Also, Monday’s are usually green
Do you go to bed early? 

If not and you don’t want to be it’s probably the weed

As someone who smokes I can tell you the sleep science around weed is strong that it’s bad for deep sleep
Idk why everyone always cares about earnings or profitability. That is such a BOOMER thing to do.

Real talk: Stonks are supply and demand. If there are enough autists to buy an overvalued company why not buy it as well and later sell? Idgas about mf eArNiNgS or AnNuAl RePorTs
[deleted]
so this jackass Andrew Left basically tanked NIO before earnings so he and his fellow short sellers can get in before earnings?

GG Cintron
Hey im back to we finna get fuckin burned all over again
I’m skeptical but willing to give her a chance. I think Biden could be a good influence on her. Maybe she’ll grow a little.
Yea they never make it easy with the close..   
Thanks. without Monday's vaccine madness, we'd be in a different place, maybe slowly trending higher instead of climbing the huge red breakdown candle.. many indices (in EU/Asia as well) are overextended) if SPY breaks back below that Sep/Oct trendline.. would be quite bearish.
[deleted]
[removed]
My 12/11 50c are still up 78%
[deleted]
boys i cant sleep too worried about my nio calls come monday
[deleted]
[deleted]
Narratives and TA favoring a steep selloff early next imo
Amzn likes to pop at strange times. But even that is getting rarer as it gets bigger. 

Buy LEAPS and sell covered calls. It’s too big to meme often enough to make a yolo work.
im up 180%
[deleted]
Priced. In. The only scenario I can see is donnie pardoning himself on the way out and that might see a dip for 2 days. Apart from that there’s not much downward pressure.
Basically means that an economic reset is likely coming. Search about it.
Oh yeah definitely it will happen I just don’t know which tickers should I go with lol 😂
People downvote threads like these to shit on green days
[removed]
Police enforced lockdowns? Puts.
Here lays /u/6digits_allzeros. May in Rest In Peace.
NIO is in China and they could give a fuck less about covid. They're over it.
1:13, 'it's a 150 million dollar company'. 

KEKW are they talking about a small farmer on the corner of the street?
cooked books like all the other Chinese companies.
[removed]
I eat pickles for breakfast.
I'm back you mother fuckers.
[deleted]
Hey they build really good slopes
I guess no matter how much i drink, workout, or smoke, i always wake up at 4 now wtf
I will be messaging you in 3 months on [**2021-02-14 10:36:47 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-14%2010:36:47%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtx8ih/anyone_still_in_nio_is_retarded/gc8r8yh/?context=3)

[**10 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtx8ih%2Fanyone_still_in_nio_is_retarded%2Fgc8r8yh%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-14%2010%3A36%3A47%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtx8ih)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
!remindme 3 months Lambo or Nothing
I get that but why not go for booker or literally anyone else.
I’m talking about support and resistance levels on a chart. You know what I’m talking about?
Fuck you and I'll see you on Monday
Only if I can pretend to be Dr House.
[deleted]
he kept pissing off black voters, backed himself into a corner 

idk why ppl hate on her, so what if shes fake af lol so is every politican on the planet. shes just bad at hiding it lmao
Goodwill Hunting this shit. Walk away. Never come back.
Here's for the humor challenged autists /s
Mike Tyson v Roy Jones Jr completely unrelated to stonk
This... infinite money cheat only works up to a point
 👊
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh for sure, I think there are people that have money funneled into to so many different offshore bank accounts that aren’t reported or taken into consideration for wealth as well as shell companies that procure other items to increase their wealth. On the Forbes list it is a calculated list but by and large there is quite a bit of guess work that goes into it. 

Also, when you are talking about Saudi princes they all add up.
Maybe i Will buy in next week with the new vaccines in Town It Will go down for sure
[deleted]
House prices are continuing to rise fast everywhere, too. I think it was in WSJ.
might be a stupid q but aren't there any laws/reg to stop research firms like Citron to publish recommendations and simultaneously holding short positions?
Kamala barely did anything this campaign honestly and didn’t really pander her “ I am black “ story line .

Mango having a Twitter account is what made blacks come out
yeah, but the market will crash big in the next 3-4 trading days, you will get about 10-15% discount, that is all I am saying, do whatever, check this post next week
Even if everythings fuk we still got Tyson Jones in 2 weeks
Nope. Trump won more of those demographics than when he ran against killary
I mean right?! Like was this his attempt at cooling the market? Obv. Didn’t work yet.
It's vinegar pussy
Buy the zoom dip
nice I have $357 11/20 SPY puts too. Plus Clorox stock. Similar thinking with covid, SPY ATH, and current VIX levels. Not particularly large positions tho. Too much uncertainty
Money is going to be worth shit , the poor are
Going to get more poor . 

Purdue chicken breast in NY is $4.99 a lb now . Never was over 2-3 a lb . 

Seeing a lot of everyday items shooting up in prices slowly since covid and trillions
60 billion was an insane valuation with or without the drop
to piggy back on this. If you want to gauge proper adoption of these chips - follow how well in would support containers/virtualization - cause this is what dirves majority of modern development for server loads. Microsoft/PC world is more then relevant today because of WSL 2. CUDA (not compatible with Apple for quite a while now) is still king for Deep Learning/AI stuff. 

So great times and great opportutines for different scenarious to compete and play out. Don't even think about assuming that somebody knows the long term winner at this point
He was basically saying SPY 300p 12/31
Dare I say it?

one of us. 

We’re all just chasing the paper too.
>No one forced our corporations to do business in China.  They chose to take that risk to chase the almighty dollar and now they don't want to face the consequences of that risk, and want to get bailed out, as usual.

If western countries refused to allow China to do business here, they would screech about how "racist" we are. So just ot be clear, you're cool with America doing whatever thefuck they want to Chinese companies, right?  That was the risk they were taking, right?
Yeah, Amazon calls 9 months out.............
Not if everyone is jobless, broke and can’t afford their $1000 iPhones
Translation - Shits fucked, world economy now,  RIP the USD, puts on NIO
me too after closing my 11 18 358, feels realistic
Yeah, I saw it happening and was too late, around 51. I was like nahhh.
>The US and Europe has hundreds of years of intellectual property theft through colonization and imperialism.

No, it doesn't. Africans didn't even invent the wheel, there was no intellectual property to steal. 

Additionally, you may not have known this but for most of its history, China has been an *imperial* power. 

ALSO, intellectual property as a legal concept was literally created Europeans in the fucking first place.
As someone else said, it is so much more than just managing portfolios, it truly is managing all forms of wealth, paying bills, managing daily expenditures keeping track of everything you do and spend. It is an extremely tedious process when you are keeping track of houses, cars, yachts, several hundred bottles of old wine, artwork, jewelry, paying bills for each house and credit cards. Not to mention doing the whole portfolio diversification.
Who's going to tell him?
On low volume options this is an even bigger problem. I’ve actually managed to trigger stop losses or at the very least the algorithm to create cheaper listings for myself and fill my own orders. 

Shit I didn’t even think about that possibly being people with stop losses hahahah
$250
My cruise puts gonna print? 🔥⬇️🛳️🔥⬇️
He already had those. And again there's better candidates than her.
Can someone point me in the direction of an analysis of what - more precisely - JPow meant when he said the economy as we knew it is over? Like *why* did he say it? Did he just mean “K-shaped is for real, y’all”? 

I’ve listened to the comments in context and google searches weren’t satisfactory. 

It just seems like a wild thing for a fed chairman to say even if it’s true.
Dont listen to this guy. Yolo 100 c NIO end of week. I will get popcorn.
I'm with you homie https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gc7yjq3/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
No, you don't know about citron for 12 years, unless you work there. Goldman Sachs did the same
He already had those.
As if you wouldnt
Kamala guarenteed black turnout which won him georgia and Pennsylvania
>Another MAGA snowflakes crying China bad.

Yes, apart from all the human rights violations, the imperialistic foreign policy, the rampant corruption and the environmental devastation, what did China ever do wrong?
What is the number??
He had to get the black, Asian, and women votes to win
The land cruiser is the most subtle flex of all. It doesnt attact too much poor people attention and those that know understand the driver can afford any number of mechanical problems, as they are highly prone to them.
she was a smoke show on The OC
What the fuck, there are literally only NIO and NVIDIA reporting
Yea to the moon dipshit
Fds on leveraged etfs is the most retarded thing this sub does and im gonna be hella mad if it pans out for you
A close above it on friday would've been better for a bullish continuation on Monday. I suspect a gap down instead Monday and on Monday/Tuesday a price action that retraces least halfway into prior weeks green candle so thinking mid $340s - mind you NASDAQ has already made this move and is currently consolidating for it's next move... Here's my TA for next week's action https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gc7yjq3/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
[deleted]
Found the guy w puts. Bruh dd is a joke on this sub.
Jesus that’s a long way down
357 $SPY PUTS 11/16
i have 0.00003 shares of brk.a on robinhood
Will the lockdowns moon my tech stocks?
[deleted]
😂😂😂 earnings this week gonna make you upset
Had me at the first part. Well done. 

The other tact you could have taken is “they said the same thing about tsla!!!” As if tsla’s stock price should be presumed legit.
[removed]
Damn this is relatable as fuck the puss do give you the retard strength to hold positions to 0
run up to 60, dump to 30 after earnings.
Why couldn't biden run with someone more likeable than kamala.
Maybe 10 years ago.
Long term that’s better but how am i gonna feed my gambling addiction?
You could, just miss out on gainz. Imagine shorting TSLA 400c right before its meteoric rise to 1500c, presplit level.
Caps gains prevents reentry sometimes but yeah
More states coming New York is next according to my witchcraft
How do you know if they sold or not?
It’s hilarious when anyone acts like they actually know what will happen
Bounce to 200
Too late bro china haters losing more and more influence , puts on china haters
Calls on crack cocaine
Perfect scenario for NIO longs will be down more 4-5 pts this coming Mon and NIO report excellent number Tue and all EV ADR start to go.up again, by a lot
you have to have enough to afford 100 shares.
doesn't mean every EV company is worth investing in or going to be super profitable one day dumb dumb
I think it’s actually the exact opposite.  From what I understand this would specifically help low income families (and only them).

I think when politicians discuss college loan debt cancellation it would be for govt loans.  To qualify for govt loans your family needs to fall below a certain income threshold I think.

Also Biden has suggested making community college free for all, and public college free for families under a certain income.

[source](https://www.chron.com/politics/article/Biden-student-debt-forgiveness-erase-loans-15722223.php)
PDT keepin the poors in their place
86% institution ownership , should outperform the market. 

Could be the next Roper technologies at a discount
Same goes for iPhone. Little pink wants to boycott apple because of bad Trump, new iPhone 12 came out, sold out within minutes.

They're hooked onto US brands and products like coke addicts, and won't be caught dead using Made in China shit.
U can thank me I’ve had been working on some serious witchcraft so my Netflix calls can print
It’s at $44 now, right? Gotta be realistic here! If it can make $45, it can make anything!
Yes they definitely weren't saying it when a tiny company with unaudited books had a fucking 60 billion dollar valuation
Is selling covered calls basically free money? 

Why doesn’t everyone sell them?
I’m in the $7.5 for 12/18; but I’m deeper in the January leaps.
Just woke up and can’t fall back asleep. I guess I just have one question: where is BABA gonna bounce?
Ill run anything u want bb
45 and beyond 📉?
Oregon and New Mexico lockdowns? Oh boi Monday is gonna be red isn’t it
It's not strange, jack ma talkin shit about xi zingy pingy, that's why ant financial ipo died, u don't talk shit about your communist overlords and their policies, they don't like it, i imagine
Shanghai guy here. Everybody drives ebikes and ecars. Lots of Teslas. Can’t recognize NIO but I’m sure I see them daily. You are right that most use public transport like renting bicycles and buses. But it seems like more than half of the cars here already have green license plates. NIO here to stay
Come over to r/thetagang
anyone will be a philosopher when loses a lot of money
Do premarkets run on weekends?
Hang in there bro, Im also down bigly, greetings from Latvia.
Always better to lose it all within the same tax year.
U guys think pltr will see a dip in the next couple days? Wanted to buy in yesterday but then it had already mooned on me... Will there be a good window to buy in the next couple o'days?
Now say this again without crying
Long live Xi!
How did you got banned for 44 days? 

No reply. Smirk
oh my gosh, this is fucking hilarious lmaaaaaaaaooooooo, the song choice was perfect too
You’re good man. NIO fair value is $69, we’re still 40% undervalued
I only know Canadian listed penny stocks so I'm not gonna post tickers

Just observe the world around you and invest in the companies that you see making breakthroughs into your day to day life. If your coworker jumps ship for a ML company? See if that company is public.

At some point its going to hit critical mass where everyone has a panic and wants to invest in the sector.
If you sleep on a sofa bed in a studio apartment then passing out on the couch is going to bed
Doctors hate this one sneaky trick to $91 billion dollars made easy anal tits molf Warren Buffet blowjob.
Lol uavs was really a modern shit exactly like this😂😂😂🤡
[deleted]
Americans always say 'could' for some reason. Doesn't make sense.
We prolly have the same position :(
What kinda pussy only puts in 90%? Lmao
Olivia Wilde is single, nows our chance guys!
Yeah lol it was crazy it gave us a chance to buy puts at the top lol
We China now, Nio 60 EOW
Oregon lockdowns: https://archive.vn/DYPeH

Looks like my puts will print after being down 60% today!
I want SpaceX or starlink to go public. I swear the second starlink goes public that shit is gonna go 300% in a single fucking day mark my words
But isn't Ford a shitty company, they and GM are on life support. Their credit score is junk, investors who land them money are with high interest rates/high risk. In 2008 Washington should've let them fall.
We want tickers loll
Calls for SOL are pretty cheap for a strike price of 7.5$ do you think we can get there post earnings?
I agree. I used to trade NIO everyday lol and WKHS during true EV run . But deep down I know they are all trash companies
[removed]
The only 2 things I've seen from this subreddit that actually worked was nio and tsla. But those rides have come and gone now
Cheaper to do buybacks that you can re-issue to bagholders down the road.
Like yeh but the real question is, who do we think is more retarded, OP or the autists at blackrock?
Ban you
Just 1 contract. Its a baby bet.
u/VredditDownloader
They released the prelim numbers today, which caused a 28% bump in underlying price . It’s the forward looking analysis that intrigues me.
Loaded with ACB and NIO from the last week 👌
 It's not a loss if I don't close the position.
👊Just sharing my thoughts and reasoning on some of my trades, not EVERY trade works out, but many of them do...
Not till my call expires worthless
Lime which
They go on sale
Everyone will be back in the office full time by April,May
''omg young people have discovered the stock market and actually watch the stocks they put money into''

Must be stupid
Research ML/AI companies and wait for the real Dotcom 2.0 to get underway

Opportunities of a lifetime happen all of the time in the market and this is one of them.

If you think the EV boom is crazy, just wait until people start seeing their jobs replaced by ML. There's only one logical thing to do at that point: buy ML stocks.
[removed]
So AMZN will shoot up to 3500 again next week?
Leading WSB to 40 years of bagholding in the fucking desert.
He has menstruation
Ban
Ban
Every weekend the same shit, inverse wsb
When the time comes you gotta run and don't look back. This is over.
nah probably sells off before
They don't have to be a shit company for a $60 billion valuation to be utterly stupid. If they're going to have such an insane valuation, you're going to need a better reason than 'there's no indicator they're shit'.
> Toyota Corolla Recalls
> There are currently 59 recalls for your vehicle.

 

> When you try to turn in early before a big day, you can end up doing more harm than good because your body is not ready to fall asleep. As a result, you lay in bed for a long time — awake. This sets you up for two major sleep problems: sleep anxiety and problematic sleep conditioning.

 

> Increasingly, research finds daily aspirin, even low-dose aspirin, is associated with bleeding risks.

You are not making any important decisions, I hope?
How do you know it's going to be red?
[deleted]
Wonder what’ll happen if I just do the opposite
You can also sell a covered call when the put eventually gets exercised if we enter a bear market. Thus running the wheel.
🌶 🧀 🥪 😶
Lol our kilos are twice as big as your pounds you beta cuck
Bro he just saying to trade not bag hold . Stfu
icln , tsla , amd , pltr , amzn , msft , aapl
Gar nicht du geile Sau
well to be fair its a better way to gamble
LETS GET SOME
Absolutely not
Yeah, with solid companies, long term is much easier than predicting where prices will go short term. But when funds aren't that much, high risk trades are super enticing. 

I have some BABA shares I bought today so hopefully you're right!
380 by end of the year
Puts porn?
[deleted]
[deleted]
No complaints here. Held my 1/15/21 28C and still up 294% after today
[removed]
You sound like you’re coping your 99% loss
I read this in Rick
TSLA will be back soon
 *Long time Nio holders relax Nio will go to Moon 🌙. Please don’t listen to them and buy the dip ... I am not selling a single share of Nio  . Nio will hit all time high soon by the end of November*
Yes. You’re missing good stocks
$2000 makes Nio more valuable than Apple. 

Seek medical help, part of your brain is missing.
It would’ve been great if you posted this this morning it would’ve saved me 300 bucks but never again
A fucking bubble bubble. Only retards on wsb can make this shit up 😂😂
Think it will get back to 49?
Stonks only go up retard. Nio to the fkn moon!
10C 
It will be a big up or down since the beta is a little over 1 but this is an active company and they are making a lot of plays.
[deleted]
Keys sounds like itd key my lambo. All in
>PLTR is now part of Soros’ globalist plot

Now you know why Thiel has the protective clauses in their ownership agreement to avoid hostile takeovers. He's on the opposite side from Soros, and I bet Soros would love to get his hands on their tech.
Same, worrying about nio
You right tho
Bullish AF.
Pltr is like my one ok move from the last few weeks. Also considering selling calls against shares but i’m worried it’ll actually perform pretty well and i’ll get assigned.

How far OTM are you planning to sell the calls?
Someone give me GME porn
GRWG
Yes, games are cheaper because they are simpler than their console/computer counterparts.
Also there are sooo many of them.

Work/productivity/hobby apps have less competition, and people are ready to shell out money for them if they're actually good.

Games that get ported to mobile are often priced significantly lower, probably because the usage is more casual, and if I want to spend 30$+ on a game I want to enjoy it on a big screen and with proper controls. Other apps probably suffer from that too.
im 14
stop gambling
Fuck off to r/investing.    


I mean you literally wrote ‘help me invest’.
Just marijuana stocks
I mainly scalp futures.
do you own a house or a car yet?
He’s a 🌈🐻 retard, ask him when trump grabbed him by his micro pipi and pegged him
[deleted]
100p agree. Why should John Smith attending Colorado Boulder at 56k a year get his debt erased when he CHOSE that route.
[removed]
This is the way
50 EOD Monday
Just the dip.
Waitin on the loss porn
Jack Ma: hold my beer
Open robinhood put it all on Tesla and delete the app come back in 5 years
Get 2 jobs
What if you wanted to build lunar bases in your spare time as a hobby? Now, you need 20B/year to do that on some scale.

Really, wealth is relative. Compared to people living a thousand years from now (if they still exist then), everyone is poor.

I imagine that in 500 years time, one could generate all the IP of Apple in an afternoon on a sufficiently powerful computer.
I bought a year of Pornhub Premium after the first free trial during lockdown. Worth.
My man, if that's all that makes you happy then you seem to have some stuff to talk about.
Do you not realize how insanely stupid that argument is? Do you not realize why I am being so hostile in my responses? It is intentional--because it is exactly what you are advocating.

We could have a normal, dignified conversation about these topics--as one would expect any decent person to do, no?

This is similar to how a corporation having a manufacturing company bid on their project would expect them to not breech contracts and not then just go and steal their project, no?

But like you are suggesting that it is the fault of the corporations for engaging in business with Chinese manufacturing companies (which, by the way, is only a single example--latching on to this, thinking you have somehow proven something, epitomizes the internet.), and therefore, despite the Chinese companies stealing intellectual property for profit, they should not be held accountable, it is your fault for engaging with me expecting any kind of civil discourse. So fuck you, you 16-year-old kid who probably lives in Norway and is currently drooling on himself.

Ethics are a thing. Because you probably live in a fantasy world where the majority of the interactions you have are with people in video games and Reddit, where you somehow have fallen under the impression that you have a grasp of how things in the world work, and you have mistakenly convinced yourself that you are clever, ethics is probably something you are unfamiliar with, or have never thought to apply it to *business.*

Let's imagine that I have a contract. I ask you to paint me a beautiful painting of the snowy, desaturated landscape of Norway. I happen to have already mapped this out using Adobe Illustrator, and all I need is for your 5th grade mind to fill in the color-by-number that I have designed. I offer you $10,000, but I first need to see if you are capable of doing it.

I show you the color-by-numbers, and even have you do a trial painting. But your painting isn't even MSPaint meme worthy. It is like you took the crayons from your nose and had a seizure on the paper.

I thank you for your time but let you know that I will shop the contract to someone else who can better fit my needs. Before doing so, I had you sign an agreement that you understand the color-by-number design is *mine,* and that under no circumstance are you able to claim ownership or otherwise use that design.

But sneaky little you decides to then go, fill in the colors, and sell it on Shutterstock.

And this is justifiable to you.
You yolo on anything you see here, be prepared to lose it all. Consider it mentally gone,anything you get is a bonus.
So only play with money you can afford to lose. Most ppl here have 2 accounts - 90% for the safe investments like VTI, and 10% for options and other retarded shit
What do you think is funding these shitty plays
if the market doesn't shit itself, eventually yes (needs a catalyst)
They hate us cuz they anus
Market: best week ever

Wsb: buy NIO at the top and lose 99%
Don’t like the new WSB logo
$2.5 milli and “coked-up-options”? I will pursue anything that fine young lad has to say for financial advice.
yea its very hard to do, and to get used to (still tryin), but just need to buy stuff when its blood red and sell when its bright green...
I think she ment to quit that movie and play the movie robinhood
How do you type a sideways squished 'O'?
[removed]
BABA is at a strange low. If you like shares, long-term BABA should be a safe up. Not sure what else to say, not sure where the market is headed next; I personally believe down in the near-future.
TIL: Citron is a Chinese company.
> $50B+ you might call them back.

You don't need a lot of money to not call back. You just need to be smarter than them. Most rich people I know are disappointingly stupid. 

Take Buffett for example. If he wants to talk to me, he would have to pay me, while people pay him millions for lunch.
Get a job
You know you're dealing with a serious billionaire if they drive a Volvo or a Land Cruiser
What kind of results we supposed to expect?
Sir, this is a casino.
[deleted]
stop listening to WSB

the plays people talk about on here only work if you get in and out at the right times which aint easy

find your own plays

and dont cry over lost money thats the cost of learning the game or tuition as we call it

next time start slow with money you are willing to lose
Tell that to the people buying puts all through the autum because "it has to go down at some point"
Thanks, I appreciate it. I’ll do some reading
amd, nvdia, amazon are good
That is correct.
why did you risk that much in the first place then.. and on what?
Well there we go. Doesn’t matter though. I’ve done a lot of research into neurotoxicity (mostly while on adderall when all my school work was done ironically) and if I cold turkey this shit, my brains still fucked for a while. Might as well slowly taper down or stay where I’m at if I need it for my new job
Yolo it or stfu, I don’t mind which.
Watching Birds of Prey and this girl just said “Put that stupid ass RobinHood piece of shit down”. It feels like she’s talking to me
Stock market will crash next week asshole, get out of there, get in after the crash. Just logged to save your ass.
Maybe 37, hard to say, need to say what it does monday morning. also never know post earnings
For real I totally feel this. 
Just another way the system fucks poor people. 

I am going to community college because it was the only institution my family could afford.

Some colleges are literally 40k+ a year. 

Now well off people get the best education and it was free? 

Seems whack, hopefully I’m just misunderstanding this.
All I know is, this past week, forex [aside from CAD taking a shit] was flat af. Get ready for a crazy holiday season. Strangle the market for fun, or flip a coin.
WEEKEND NIO BLOOD RED FUCK
SPY or other index based ETFs are pretty safe and good investments.
Yeah, I did. But also that 88 was originally 1200. I feel like I honestly could make really good money if I had enough to buy leaps in the stocks I really like.

So far I’ve been pretty good at recognizing stocks that would go up over time, I told my dad to buy into PTON at around $65 and was telling everyone I knew to buy into PENN when it was at $10, I just didn’t have any disposable income at the time. I know that’s only to examples but I feel like you’ll get what I’m saying w the next part.

As good as I’ve been with predicting which stocks will go up long term, I’m equally shitty at predicting timing with weeklies and what not. Bought ZM at the top yesterday cause I thought this was a “dip.” Then sold BABA and SPCE calls about 20 mins after open to get back into NIO after selling at open. 

I literally guarantee you BABA is gonna mood next week now
It's more of a flex for owning a full share of BRK.A.
[deleted]
Ah yes, outsmarted, because I, wsb shitposter, have the same reach as large widely known publication. It definitely isn't the abuse of power to manipulate market, everyone can do the same, so it's about outsmarting
She's a keeper
How many shares are you holding ?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** mods are asleep post cookie clicker stocks

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtz7im
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtz7im) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/cool_up, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
cool_up
Skittles4u3
dwm42
[removed]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Sell NIO all in BABA
[deleted]
Until Tuesday I thought NIO was INO. I don't know what it's going to do, sorry.
r/thetagang

It's strategies for selling options instead of buying, so you're forced to consider the greeks. More grind, less gamble.
Those are generally blood red.
[removed]
Yea the car is ugly as fuk, puts.
[deleted]
You fucking stupid for believing citron. He's the gayest bear that ever existed.
Why's does it feel like a review of China hustle. This ain't documentary channel bud. Find another sub
So keys will be a little bit over valued market wise until down the road in further years but I mean Zoom is trading at 50x what it technically should be and so are most stocks so no worries.

1. Earnings are expected to grow 
2. First to be approved by global certification 
3. 5g companies seem to be hot moving forward 

Primed to boost
Might as well be reading entrails.
Ask for a 5k loan and yolo it
Where do you think NIO will sit at the end of Monday/Tuesday?
[deleted]
They have a zero interest payment plan option.  I can see a lot of people who shouldn't be buying one buy one.
I mean, we all know that making trades in missionary without a buttplug is just asking for trouble.  You wanna make tendies? Place your retard puts while your wife's boyfriend(yours too, by proxy?) Is fucking your wife. That way you'll be blessed by the cucked god who will tilt the odds in your favour. The sadder you are, the harder the tilt.

You're welcome.
We're at a major crossroads on SPY, multi-year trendline above which we failed to break through 3 times this year (feb, sep, oct), we're right on it now.. breaking above successfully gives us big upside/blow off top scenario.. being rejected takes us a whole lotta ways down. (Nasdaq is also at Sep/Oct trendline from the peaks and has to break it), should be interesting
I remember watching Mac Miller's reality show back in the day, and they custom made him a car, and it literally broke down after leaving the lot.
True
They have an earnings date December 1s, right?
You take risks when you're young, not when you become gramps.
Look in to some ETFs.
sell NIO buy roku
Translation: So you got nothing to refute this.  Got it.

> No one forced our corporations to do business in China. They chose to take that risk to chase the almighty dollar and now they don't want to face the consequences of that risk, and want to get bailed out, as usual.
WEEKEND DOW BLOOD RED FUCK
Nio makes me think of Wolf of Wall Street when they’re trying to sell the pink sheet stocks, “plenty of upside potential!”... and the company ends up being 2 dudes working on a pine wood derby car in their parents garage
Any exit pint for keys? Or just whenever ?
NIO Monday, run up to 50 or does it keep selling off ?
Like a lemon party orgy?
Just get more money and a website, and then you can make more money.
You sure that’s not your boyfriend fruitcake?
Can anyone help me invest i have around 7,200 ready to invest but dont no what to invest in preferably not options or calls as i don't want to risk my money as i am young so any recommendations? I currently have 1400 in NIO  which i am looking to hold for long term...

Please Help
......... negative nelly ass. Just let me have this, at least until 11/20. Please.
This will not happen
Art wise it’s really about taste. Like I personally love tribal/native southwestern style stuff. Get a feeling for your own taste just start googling/ try checking out places like Etsy.
KEYS will be big player moves, im guessing it hits 135.

TSN, quick in and out. This market has been insane and it could be massive gains, they are going to look appealing with their goal of reducing deforestation, finally out of the meat crisis, no debt, high profit margin. 

ZTO- sell before earnings, they have reduced their debt substantially. Stock is cheap and has potential to increase with a brighter 2021 and onward.
[deleted]
Like could he try to be at least somewhat of a man?
That’s pretty much why I haven’t spent a ton of time looking into it. These “experts” are wrong all the time and they’ve spent so much more time on this than me.

I’m working towards a couple degrees in December, setting up job interviews and what not, and I’m only 22 so I’m not playing with a ton of money to begin with. Basically the way I see it is if I get lucky with options, it gives me a pretty big boost in my stage of like right now. If I lose it all, then I guess my internship this summer was unpaid instead of coming with a stipend.
could gotten rich with puts on friday, should gotten long term ones, was bound to correct.. monday will be fun to day trade it
Underrated
And the guy's name is Dinero. Money in spanish.
Fake
I think it is definitely possible. It touched $54 just from XPEV and LI earnings. If it weren’t for Citron scam, it could have very well hit $60 before or after earnings next week.
thanks but no thanks :) could have done that today
Wtf is this
[deleted]
Sell during the IV pump and you make money. I have leap puts for NIO that doubled in value today because of the volatility, but I still held because fuck it.
This is you:
https://youtu.be/fcrexKS8kxA
Wait Ark has a stake in nio?
Current plan post-thanksgiving after having an 86k loss doing stupid shit:

1) Deposit 40k. 

2) Run SPY put credit spreads 2-3 expirations away at 5% OTM, all in, YOLO. Should they expire worthless, can net anywhere from 1.5-2k. 

3) Each spreads' profit I deposit back to my bank. 

After 20 weeks, I'll have made back my 40k. Repeat the process again with that 40k and in another 20 weeks should have most of my loss recovered. 

May sprinkle a few 14 DTE calls on some other stonks like AMD 8% OTM (would net ~5k if expires worthless) to accelerate that.


But 'muh pennies in front of a steam roller'. Well yeah but this is wsb why do you think I'm typing this stupid shit here. Sure, some black swan event may wipe it all out, but honestly fuck it. I already have a potential 29 years worth of capital losses to report already, what's an extra 13-14 years on top of that?
Which is why you should've bought calls on China
When facebook dipped 20% from the companies removing ads, that was the most free money I'll ever make.
I keep hearing that term thrown around like it’s a club, how do I join
Maybe I’m a bit too optimistic but it seems reasonable for it to reach $60 by 1/15/21
I lost like that, went share gang and now I’m back even
The senate doesn't factor in to this. When they wrote the bill they gave the power to cancel the debt to the president
Someone got their wish, so it subsequently turned to stones and dispersed into useless paperweights
Nah, SE is an amazing phone. Good choice
What's your strategy on monthly consistent gains?
[deleted]
Calls target and nvidia
So you are basically saying you care about both, but will be satisfied with the one that comes to you most easily.
I am from one, and it doesn't make you rich.
I see you like to lose money, good luck retard👍🏽
Trailer dream sounds awesome bro eskidddit
Yes, the day
Cringe
Your post is just so idiotic. I actually spent time typing things out, then read your response to OP and concluded that you are probably either 16 or just so fucking uneducated that it isn't worth trying to have any kind of serious debate about topics that are so clearly over your head.
Keep laughing at yourself, how ironic. Calls or ban
Care to explain?
You literally can’t do this
[removed]
Tell him you didn't get it. Sell at markup. See this why the sub is broke
u/SaveThisVideo
Go theta gang for a bit. It's boring af but you'll learn quick.
Fish filet
I bet op is the retard
I was 
up Monday 
down Tuesday 
broke even Thursday 
down Friday 

Nice
Me either. I'm nervous over NIO Monday - so conflicted on whether it'll jump up Mon/Tues or keep drowning. Kinda wanna yolo option calls.
Ya they show you how in the movie “unfriended: dark web”
It’ll go green again this week right? Ri-right guys? ...Guys?
STFU!!!111!!1! Only selling at (-99%) and not a penny higher.
[deleted]
Grab a brush and put a little (makeup)
Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
RemindMe! eoy
This is now funny
I got in at 10 and loving my drunk buy in.
buy put but call target given?
[deleted]
Just keep calm. Nio stock price target is actually [$550!](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
[deleted]
I actually can’t believe people will pay even $1 for porn.
[deleted]
If China ever passes PDT like our institutions do to defraud everyone else to keep them shackled under wage slavery, then feel free to cry.

Otherwise, you can keep your feelings to yourself, "feelings_arent_facts".
Once I’m out of school hopefully. Unfortunately I was already in the top 3% (I don’t even know what that means my doc just said it) for ADHD before Adderall, it it’s just made my ability to focus off of it way worse. Work is different than school to me though, I can focus on that, so hopefully soon
Keep calm guys. Nio stock price target is actually [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Basically correct. HOWEVER, if your option ‘fails’ you lose 100%. The guy with shares still holds some value, even if share falls. Assuming it is not delisted!   


You can now subject yourself to a world of pain researching IV, EV the Greeks and after months and months realise it still does not help you make good choices.
I lold irl
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
The week after the other two tops. Well see man
hgahahhahaha biking 50-60 miles a day in thick traffic is not entitled :)
Fuck you, i sold 10k shares and 100 calls at $3
is part 2 gonna be posted at expiration?
[deleted]
 Comments like this get me and my puts so turned on.
[deleted]
No thank you! Every sale counts towards the bear cause!
100c 11/20. What a brave brother. F
[deleted]
Hoes so lucky they make only fans and get money we have to loose our hair to try to make any
You went from $88 to $2400? High risk, high reward but I'd reduce the risk once you have enough money make a decent profit each month. If it's just play money then continue gambling I guess.
I bought the call at $27. It is currently +292% even after today. For it to be OTM, it would have to fall below $33 by January. I don’t see that happening.
They’re mostly held by institutions so the money printer went BRRRR for them. They’ll survive for now. I wouldn’t be long shares, though I have my reasons I might be wrong and you might be right. Good luck 😉
Robinhood
🤣🤣🤣
ROFL.  Omg.  Thanks for the laugh.  You're hilarious.  Is she from Canada too?  Your friends have never met her because she goes to another school, right?  But she totally exists.
JD earnings Monday.
You held your itm calls through today? You know there’s a definite chance they expire otm right
[deleted]
50% jump by March, 200% minimum by end of 2021

RemindMe! 6 months
While what you said is most likely to be true, I can't help but feel a little salty to see peoples $50k debt forgiven while I frugally chose to go to community college to avoid that kind of debt...
That friend zone's really getting to you, huh?
It's me

I'm hoes
Planet PALANTIR to the moon 🚀
[deleted]
I like how the stuntman is like 30% slimmer.
Has good news ever been priced in? Have puts ever printed for more than a week excluding March?
It's a TF2 reference
I can also yolo $8.33 of my net worth like it’s nothing
who tf paying all these hoes money on onlyfans
Damnit I love this sub lmao
If i was a ceo id short my own company just because im so 🌈
Sold a bunch of 20c, sold my LEAPS, and repurchase the same LEAPS at a lower cost.
Nah, but an American EV company like $HCAC.
WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP
I only got a small loan of 1 million dollahs
Literally no one. As long as we’re talking plural
[deleted]
Good chance that BABA has already hit the bottom of this drop or at least near it but whether it will get back to 270 by next week is another story. It dropped as the market went up. Better hope the market doesn't decide to crash next week.
Considering that you got nothing, I don't have to.
I can’t sleep
[deleted]
Go long retard
Thanks homie I appreciate it
Tell me which stock you think is the next 10 bagger, and why did you say SOL?
Yeah I’ve been reading up on it a little, starting to really understand things like IV crush (played Tesla earnings) but I still have a lot more to learn
Reddit
Gains are gains retard
Wow I bet you really felt like you dunked there, eh?
Classic kid going real quiet after realizing how dumb he is. 

Use your tiny ass brain to comprehend what you’re reading next time, dumbass.
my immigrant Hispanic fiance said you're retarded as fuck and you need to shut the fuck up. cunt
Bought in at 15 dollars. Bad move or smart...? 😂
I wish I had as much time as I did back in March or so :/ 

Took an internship in DC this summer, then came back to Arkansas and am working towards getting my two degrees in December and setting up all these fuckin job interviews on top of working 30 hours a week. Honestly just thinking about selling one of my Kidneys to give me enough money to alleviate the stress for a couple months
*prepped
See you at the bottom friend
Pls no I have puts babeeeee
You could play the Georgia recount if you like a good narrative. Only state trump could possibly win, which might shoot up VIX/UVXY for a day. Might not mean anything politically but the market might get wonky just for sillies like Monday’s vaccine pump and dump and then you’re in tendie town sucking on a frosty. Vote results in on Wednesday. 

TLDR; buy UVXY calls or shares before recount results on Wednesday.
Who needs kidneys anyways
HAHAHAHAHAHA Your calls got fisted by a 6”10 Chinese man. Get fucked. Anyways, GME 11/20 15C for the love of god please
11/14 BAN 100C
No one forced our corporations to do business in China.  They chose to take that risk to chase the almighty dollar and now they don't want to face the consequences of that risk, and want to get bailed out, as usual.

Funny how stealing is A-OK when we do it, but others do it, THEN it's wrong, hmm?  So using your logic, "I'm guessing you're American and that I have offended you?"
[deleted]
Unless it’s priced in and doesn’t exceed the already expections
So China EV money -> US EVs now?
Monday comes to fuck the bears once again .... spy 370
Nooooo your bank would send out hitmen after you
I laughed my ass off thanks
Mods are short NIO - got it.
If I own NIO 1/15/21 $28C, would it be better to exercise the option if I believe in the stock long-term? Doing the math, lets say a miracle happens and it hits $60 before then, selling the contract would only allow me to buy about 50 shares. But if I exercise, I would be able to get 100 shares at the same value. Correct me if I am wrong. With a breakeven of $32.78, I would need NIO to be $60.78 to exercise in full and get 100 shares at $28. At $60.78 my option likely worth $3,200 which would only buy me 50 shares at that market value price.
I hear earnings are next week
Use the apps when trying to purchase fam. I got mine from Target via their app pick up in store. They released stock at 12:10AM PST Thursday. I used brickseek last week to pre-pick my nearest Target with the most stock. Dunno if this’ll help y’all or not but good luck mate.
Oh I see now.  You're just looking to pick a fight because your mommy didn't love you enough, so now that's the fault of women everywhere.  Stupid bitches!

What a piece of shit you are.
I think you are mixing the paragraphs, which after reading is understandable because I fail to fully differentiate the two points.

Alibaba has both, however.

\[edit\] I see your point, and you are correct that Alibaba does not sell *branded* counterfeits, but that still doesn't mean they aren't selling intellectual property.
I have, unfortunately I’m also working towards finally getting my two degrees in December and I’ve been setting up interviews with a ton of companies which fucking sucks. Online school has been kicking my ass, and honestly I regret learning about options at 22.

Original investment was 1200, got up to 3900, then got to its lowest at $88. Went back up to 2400 and now I’m at 860. Nothing will ever be able to replace the thrill of tripling your net worth in a week, losing it all, than getting it back. 

So basically I’m fucking myself in being able to actually be invested in any of these real career type jobs
I didn’t see my ex for dinner, bro if I have to feel bad and justify myself for going to a dinner then puts on her gonna print mad tendies!
You still don’t get it huh?
Why are there so many Chinese companies reporting next week?
Sell your homies kidneys on black market.... this is the better way
[deleted]
Sell clothes too... this is the way
Thanks! Total crapshoot calling the exact day, but the omens are there for a correction. Selling everything green on Monday (I only have stocks) and battening down hatches for stuff I’m already in the red. This is NOT a time to buy...
It's like a pound, but gay.
Seems to me like you are mixing counterfeit and OEM products with no branding made specifically foro companies to buy and brand for themselves. 

Alibaba is basically turning anything that can be mass produced into a commodity with no differentiation. That is not the same as counterfeiting. There are hundreds of sellers offering bluetooth headsets that are made to look like Apple iPods on Alibaba but none of them are actually branded Apple. They are all some random no name brands or blanks. 

Those aren't counterfeits like a fake LV or Gucci that are illegally branded as LV and Gucci. Thpse are just poorly made lookalike products waiting for sucker to think "hey, looks the same as iPod but costs $20, why not?"
Locked in 430% gains by buying 0 DTE 53p at open and selling at the bottom 40.5
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do a little reading up on this...understanding them can help you identify trades that make more sense than others. You must be aware of theta (time decay) from experience, for example. Or IV crush. Avoid more expensive experience lessons by learning.
Baba 270c 11/20, thoughts?
Now make the same for an investigation into NIOs financials!
[deleted]
Sell ps5 sell one x...... and yolo it on weeklies...... this is the way
Actually yes. Less ego (or at least less obvious) so much nicer to have drinks with. Wouldn’t mind the planet being me being the only male (maybe a few buddies as well)
You've been trading for months O-O
Dookie-track 7 and 10. Nimrod-most of the album is awesome.
Lemme guess, you were scanning the most active stocks and YouTube, saw everyone screaming NIO is a buy at 44, got in at 46, and are mad, because you didn't know these people bought NIO at 8.
Weird. I heard this same speech from a guy sitting next me on a plane to Vegas.
Shut up dude
Interesting. I need to look into some of their early stuff. I honestly just love the vibe a lot of their songs give, as stupid as that sounds, so I’ve always sorta been a fan
That smart money is currently down $3.36 million
Doesn’t look like it.
They are getting it
Completely and totally. Another vaccine will fuck you up before the market even opens.
Cringe
[deleted]
check IV
Idk I made 12k today so idc
Guys do I unbox this PS5 or sell it to my homie (no markup obviously) and keep playing my One X

Decisions are so hard
Genuinely want to give my account to someone, I tell them what options to buy, then they say fuck you and inverse that
r/antstreetbets will make you wanna rope then
[removed]
Wait until the 5 day waiting period is over and then take out the $25k
chinese market will sell way before $100 lol
it was tempting to hold calls going into the weekend...
Only one lol but have 100 shares. Adding more soon
So your telling me PDD is now worth more than JD by market cap
[deleted]
Canceling student debt is bailout for wealthy white Americans
Am I the only one here that literally knows fucking nothing about IV, EV, or “the Greeks?” My understanding of options is: if the stock goes up, your call earns more than a share would. 

Damn typing that out makes me feel so fucking retarded for thinking I can win this game
the start of a gambling problem
Lol
Whatshername is a banger
Wow it's like reading an article written by aliens about earthlings.  New flash for the boomers - it is NOT Robinhood or Robinhood users, it's social media such as WSB, Tiktok, Twitter etc spreading trade ideas 1000% faster than was historically possible in the past.

They're buying the same degenerate shit on Fidelity. You can pull up user buy/sell activity...
[deleted]
I can’t say I know anyone with a sick trampoline. No idea where I would put such a thing.
I was banned from buying on rh for being a ptd.  I deposited $30k and lifted the ban.  Can I move like $25k back out and still trade?
Roflmao
Isn’t that a cross gen game?

The demon souls remake looks next gen
[deleted]
Not like this bro xD

Down 20%, after just dug myself outta the hole and immediately fell into a bigger one. Unbelievable.
Yo u/wetug yous a snitch
[deleted]
Is what u get for being a 🌈🐻
Looking forward to the loss porn next month
Misunderstandings happen all the time mate, give it a day (or night) and see if you can talk about it.
[deleted]
Puts on Adobe.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Honestly I’m just one of those fans that really likes their hits, I haven’t even gotten too deep into them. What of their older stuff do you suggest? Brain Stew and Holiday are probably my top 2 of theirs
Sure if it comes to protecting shares on a covered call to delay taking a profit.
Autists don't understand the market is a zero sum gain and someone's gain porn is just wealth transfer from 10 other idiots that lost the same amount
100 miles is 160.93 km
I got the new SE for $400 bucks. I can still return it. Any point in upgrading?
How many contracts you got?
Heavy puts on solo over here. Stupid ass three wheeled electric enclosed motorcycle. Barely gets 100 miles at the cost of 20 grand, lmfao. 

Stupid ass looking "car" that stupid people will be driving. I might actually buy one once my puts print.
If I had tits they'd go up for this
If it’s at the same strike or one above the call you own is the collateral. If it’s on a strike below the collateral you need is the difference between the strikes.

Look up diagonal and Calendar spreads
If you’re trying to hedge just profit take and buy another otm call
300c 3/2021 and 1/2022 here.
Guys are my puts fucked or what
Yeah bro
I’ll make it short but sweet 

Most of the stigma comes from older people 

Would you rather have idle funds or invest it into branding and ads?

It’s nothing new but their product is the best in the bussiness, lowest rates consistently. 

Yes they get leads but how many of those leads translate into extra bussiness through word of mouth referrals and recurring bussiness? 

Younger customers more likely to spend, the more money shifts from older pockets to millennials the more these lower interest rates and online companies will be in demand.  

In the future I see them as established along side quicken loans with lots of millennial customers, by then they can reduce spending on these things. 

Keep in mind my play is long term 5-20 years. I’m 18 so if it goes down to 15 or goes up to 40 it does not effect what I will do with my position.
Does anyone factor long term vs short term capital gains rates in your trading strategy?
[deleted]
I bought Zoom and NIO at the top today. Sold BABA and SPCE to buy them

Well I guess yesterday
[deleted]
The holy mountain
I was going to but I’ve lost 10k like 2 weeks ago
Google it. Get Your Browser, follow a guide on security/privacy on the dark web and find a repository for the kind of sites you're looking for. If you can't do that then it's not for you.
[deleted]
Fair, I’m only 22 so they’re one of the “older” bands from my middle school days. Still listen to them so fucking much
"make college tuition free, even though fafsa will pay full tuition for most public schools in full and it's living expenses and partying that the loans really go to" ftfw

Stupid bitches, I wanna be surprised there's a cess pool dedicated to AOC on this site but 2020 right
i object
[deleted]
facts
Wtf me too? How did they get my number?
Congrats and fuck you
iPhone 12 Pro Max, I was just expecting a normal phone but this is actually a really good phone. Anyways upvote this post if you preordered this beauty.
Yeah... no ,student loan debt is at very low interest rates. Whereas as car loans and credit cards are not. People are not better off with those types of debt. And credit cards companies and car dealers will sell to lend to almost anybody.
Might be game over for me if EVs wont rise on Monday onwards.
[deleted]
[deleted]
How much did you you pay? I would hold. PLTR is mooning to $20 next week.
I think everyone has something that they’re better at than everyone else. I guaran-fuckin-tee you that I’m the best person here at selling calls at their lowest point
[deleted]
Tbh I wish I would’ve bought back in both times(fri-Monday and today), but I lack the balls to make the play on cannabis stocks because I don’t like to play memes, and I already made money the one time it did pop so I’m happy just watching it so its thing. I’ve already caught myself wanting to buy in 2 positions that ended up being horrible buy points at the end of the day.
You can call him “Dinero”
[deleted]
Does anyone here know how to get to the dark web
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do I need cash colateral to sell a call to hedge my other nio call? Or is my call enough collateral? On robinhood
[removed]
Bro this is going to $30 EOY. I’m terrified to sell covered calls.
SPCE, obviously
[deleted]
these fking ANALists don't know shit
Seriously let’s chat about some shit, I’m bored
This is the way
Found the prepper.
Hopefully. I’ve got calls that expire Dec 4th
Have you heard of 3 world countries?
I’m gonna say it, Green Day still slaps so fucking hard
Does a bear shit in the woods
Puussy.
[removed]
Explain yourself
VXRT is working on a room temperature stable C19 vaccine in pill form. Not even to Phase 1 yet, so not really a contender in the race, but may still be worth keeping an eye on.
I’m flattered you would think I read books
How did this post get pinned? Are the mods in WSB really looking out for the financial well being of us retards?
[deleted]
I’d love to talk. What do you wanna talk about?

Honestly I just came here cause my adderall hasn’t worn off so I’m not sleeping anyway and wanted to see a ton of people talking about Zoom
Yes
What app is this?
Wouldn’t take a subreddit dedicated to AOC seriously lmao
Housing crash won’t be for a couple months. There likely won’t need to be a catalyst, like the dotcom bubble. Just a blowoff top that once it starts it’s gonna be moving too fast to stop. Many thought that the bubble popped in September, but that was likely just reactionary to the Softbank revelations. 

This melt-up could last until January, so start buying in incrementally in December. This week was the defining moment of whether we crash or go up higher, and today confirmed the start of the melt up. While waiting to start buying into puts, buy some OTM calls for December on SPY or any hyped up stocks. Collect some money on those, and use it to start buying into puts. That’s what I’m going to do.
For everyone asking about my current positions. 
Im sitting mostly in cash. 
I have amc calls a long way out. 
And January xpev calls
[deleted]
LONG NIO
Will Tesla have another retard pump moment?
Is spamming a meme now
NET, SQ, U, CRSR, AMD, PYPL, PTON, APPS, BYND, UPWK

Am I missing any good stocks? and should i dump any of them?
To give an example: 

Would you had invested into 1935 Germany unter ze early Hitler for your long time savings just because they had an economic upswing?
[deleted]
[deleted]
COVID has forced me to move in again with my parents, online school, terrible job market (luckily have a few offers that I didn’t think I’d get) and I gotta wear a make all fuckin day at work. But I’m also holding zoom calls and lowkey wouldn’t mind if this disease with a 99.9% survival rate caused us to lock down for a week
[deleted]
Sleep is for pussies. man up and go full retard as required
Heard of a deal coming up tomorrow involving 15 states and China. Could this be the news thats gonna save me from eating grass with BABA calls or Ma gonna fuck up again and make me learn some pole dancing? Tune in Monday to find out.
Please tell me you’re American, because that would make your last two sentences all the more ironic.
If you read the report, he was all in at $9.50. Yall retards will get burned chasing at $16 today...
[deleted]
How do you guys find these clips. I don’t remember which movie I watch two days ago
Finish him...
This is why this sub is GOAT.
[deleted]
It’s almost 4am. I’m too tired to be sexist
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ahh yeah let me post it rq
May go a little gay and start selling calls against the shares, will see what premiums are looking like post er. Going to be a long hold for at least next few quarters. Call positions as follows: 

3 5/21/21 $15,  8 1/21/22 $15,  4 1/21/22 $17.5,   
9 1/21/22 $20
[deleted]
Maybe like two books you find interesting
Dump her fr rl
POSITIONS NEED TO MAKE MONEY DO I ACT NOW.
Cool
[deleted]
What good is having all that money and not flexing on the broke boys?
These are all great. Not sure on the first two. Any suggestion where to shop for art?
[deleted]
I just want jalapeño poppers now tbh
[deleted]
Chinese love the idea of Chinese brands being a big thing, they’ll buy NIO stock... But, many don’t want to drive Chinese cars because of 丢脸 fears. Buying a Tesla is better, importing a Tesla even though you can buy one made in China is the ideal. All about face.
In what world does 50-100k make you rich?
yeah new stock and upcoming
Did you just say NKLA puts?
If you don't have at least a few thousand in baba you probably hate money
That's nothing, there's people that pay $52 for a share of NIO.
you copy paste this all the time Zzzzzz
This shit likey will bounce between 81 again. Today didn’t even move the needle. We are probably down next week. There is legit crazy open interest and no one is buying these calls. Institutions hold the majority of theSe shares Every time the stock is even is close to a break out the shares crater. The only thing i see breaking it past $81.60 is cod mobile being released in China or a crazy press release saying sales numbers for war zone/shadowlands are nuts. Also people are worried about what next once covid is over. So that shit will crater early December on phizer
[deleted]
Housing crash or small businesses closures?
[deleted]
I'm playing the long con retard, China is gonna go 100% ev by 2050 😎😎
Such is the way of things. China’s IP laws are pretty brutal. People kinda get stupid about it but China is a self serving authoritarian country at the end of the day and acts intelligently in its own interest. Shit just makes sense
Should be getting tested for some other shit too 🕵️‍♂️
Puts on anything that went up today for no fucking reason
I dig it. More of a brewed coffee guy but will def get some good beans
Please flag with DD and links. Thank you.
[removed]
idk why it took me 5 months to figure this out. Alot of the calls I lost money on, the leaps for the same strike really didn’t cost that much more
On Tuesday the party would be over. There would be only squeezed lemons.
What’s the basis for $60? I see this number going around a lot. Is there an analyst rating?
Bubbleception
[removed]
[removed]
Chew noodle

Squatty potty

Books

Sick art

An ice cream maker

A spear
[deleted]
The guy posting shit about the jalapeno popper sandwich???
I'll check this! Thanks!
You’re right. I’m probably overthinking the market.

What’s your move for next week, I feel so spun around.
I’m assuming shenron, blew to kingdom come
I am always kinda skeptical of these types tbh
And all those companies got buttfked by a grizzly bear in 2008 because there is no threshold to where you fill find fully transformed retards
Too late. SPY gap up 375 at Monday open
Market is about to melt up over the next couple of weeks. And I say this as a bear. Best chance is to start buying puts mid December. The next crash will be more brutal than march and there won’t be a V-shaped recovery
[removed]
[deleted]
You know what... fuck NIO. I got in on PDD cuz you know, not a retard, and I’m tired of hearing about it.
[deleted]
To late now
I am incapable of making anyone laugh that is over 9 years old.
This is why everything is so fucking retarded right now.

Everyone thinks not only are they special, but they are the smartest person alive.

Like, when I want my car fixed I go to mechanic, I dont just magically think I understand an engine because reddit told me it runs on gasoline. But that is literally how our entire society seems to be operating.

You are not special or smart you fucking retards you are on a gambling sub and you ALL are literally no better than a dude sitting by the roullette table saying "the next spin will be black" he is right about 45% of the time on average. And so are you.

The house keeps the difference.
SOROS FUND & everyone 's favorite GILF Cathie Wood bought a fuckton of $PLTR. We gonna get rich 😎
I almost wrote in Julius Caesar
I agree, I will grant that everyone used it as a panicked justification to take profits which set off a reaction though
[deleted]
A real espresso machine like a gaggia classic pro or something like that
[deleted]
This is the way
There we agree. 👍
[deleted]
Appreciate the honesty, gracias 

Do you think if we trigger mega death mode of 2k dead a day it’ll trigger?

I wanna get some nasty spy puts and become king of America
Ah yeah, they still suck tho
This is a SPY chart, but the bear trend is even more obvious on NQ. They explain what I was seeing. https://www.tradingview.com/chart/SPX/2S5E6c36-Calling-the-Top-it-can-t-be-this-simple-can-it/
Thanks sir, maybe later
The g is silent, just type "sih" next time retardo
I'm not into investing into Chinese companies...but come on? 10% down after a meteoric run, and all the gay bears start climbing out of their 97 Accords. Big yikes, what mod did you suck off to get this pinned?
Are u in the same situ, how did you get help
go to a physical casino
I’m higher than Wiz rn

SOLO 15c
[deleted]
Dude that fucking annoying spammer was banned I think
[removed]
That's a smart buy, enjoy your tendies
Plays are tempting
enjoy your tendies bro 🚀
 Nice
I will be messaging you in 4 days on [**2020-11-18 13:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-18%2013:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtvupj/bought_in_on_nio_at_4750_today/gc8kp0q/?context=3)

[**3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtvupj%2Fbought_in_on_nio_at_4750_today%2Fgc8kp0q%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-18%2013%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtvupj)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
not a chance
Not trying to make this political... but.

Bush V Gore was between 700 votes in a single state.

Biden several thousand vote lead in every state Trump needs to win, not to mention that most of the lawsuits have been thrown out and even his lawyers have abandoned the mission.


Dude. It’s over.
2/19.. I know 2020 was rough but it’s almost fucking 2/21
[deleted]
Realism is that now is the time to invest in EVs if you want to see 1000% returns.  It's the future and you want some exposure to it.
Thanks! 🍌 definitely on the menu for this weekend. Im a brewed coffee guy but will definitely get some fancy beans.
RemindMe! Wednesday 1pm
This is legit amazing
Big people big money big green
I don't see no fucking lambo
[deleted]
It's in the pic...
It’s not just Soros, try Cathy, Blackrock and third bank too
It literally cant go tits up. I'm kind of old, but I remember investing in a company named something like "shenron" and I made tons of money thanks to my due diligence. A true American hero, that company was. Wherever did it go?
SUMOOOOOOOO SAH
Unlikely. Trump is still president until end of January
Damn I hold 395 at an average price of 49.78.
I hate lemons!
🥱
🥱
Wealth is isn't about the exact number. Wealth is about the institutional arrangement of the resources. Someone that yolos on Telsa calls and makes a million then yolos that million on Apple calls and turns it into $20 million isn't really wealthier than someone that has only $15 million but it's in long term investments that are resilient to change. They may have a small resort on a beautiful island with loyal staff and a good reputation. On paper, sure they if you add up the value of the land and the buildings and even use NPV accounting to account for the future cashflow it looks like it's only $15 million, but there's something else there that isn't on the balance sheet. The staff are loyal and take docked pay during a time like Covid with honour. The community can raise money for a loan to the owner. 

Meanwhile, the guy with $20m in the options account is one stupid yolo away from not being able to pay his Lambo's oil change.
[deleted]
Half half here. I come here to laugh and see crazy random bubbles forming. I also sometimes go in slightly but I am broke af and never legit put down too much p:
Holy shit you are a pussy
No they added shares
Lol no, it won’t. People need to realize Bush beat Gore by 537 votes. The closest margin in this race is 10,000 in Georgia. Recounts don’t overturn that kind of margin. The Trump campaign has no colorable claim for fraud. 19 lawsuits have been thrown out and they basically conceded Arizona. It’s over. Just a question of when Trump will publicly admit it.
How do u get 5% back annually buying SPY? Cause i have 100k doing nothing at the bank rn, that would be free 5 grand
Alett
I'm too skinny for it.
Just say Allah Akbar instead lol
This reminds me of Tesla, especially August.

It’s so fucking annoying. Been refreshing to have a pause from seeing Tesla every 5 seconds only for NIO to take the mantle.
he should have invested in Ayro
[deleted]
This is the way
Biden is a
F
This is the way bro.
Maybe get into vr or get a new gaming rig
Hey can you pour water on your router
How likely is it we shut down the entire country again in the next week or so?
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SUMO**|**$17.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$2.78**|**$18.95**|**43**|**3**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhhfjawd2zxo0751wo2365xq) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/scrtmgmt/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
[removed]
Lmao
[deleted]
I mean, it's just finding companies that haven't peaked that you're fine holding and getting paid to buy shares in it and then sell shares in it. You can go safe and do it with spy or whatever etf, or you can find companies that are safe long term, aapl or whatever value stocks, or you can find prospective growth stocks or meme stocks, from dkng to rkt to pltr to the shitty risky companies that aren't at all worth it (kodk nkla). The only goal is collecting the premium, the more stable, the safer, the less stable, higher rewards. Sell puts on shit til you're assigned, sell calls at your strike price, rinse and repeat. Same risk as doing shares, you're just scalping dollars off the top and limiting gains if shit moons
I sold my JD calls for a nice chunk of change so now I feel like ruining my mood
Idk if he edited the post but it looked more like a different Ism to me
Thanks
Also, in case it hasn't been obvious enough, the counterfeit goods might be *sold* in the US, but they are being *made* in China. Amazon and similar marketplaces might be a symptom, but China and Alibaba is the cause.

The point of my initial comment is that we need to address the issue of intellectual property theft. But because the majority of people on this subreddit are not high-level thinkers, they just latch on to "duuurrrrr I saw a fake item at a garage sale once!"

Address the cause of the problem and the symptoms will go away.
Disgusting sexism 

https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/jr7395/homemade_bacon_jalapeno_popper_melt/gbrr2l0/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
[deleted]
Hey, I am chris Delia. Justin Beiber's favorite comedian. Want to hang after my sold out show.
Oh... if you meant suggestions for tech gadgets, I would just say a nice gaming setup if you're into those (I'm not really a gamer tho...) if not, latest MacBook? VR headset? the fitness mirror thing?: [https://www.mirror.co/](https://www.mirror.co/)

if you like coffee? [https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/breville-barista-express?ID=3754415&CategoryID=1005807](https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/breville-barista-express?ID=3754415&CategoryID=1005807)

Maybe a watch? [https://www.omegawatches.com/en-us/watches/seamaster/diver-300-m/product](https://www.omegawatches.com/en-us/watches/seamaster/diver-300-m/product)

Bananas? [https://www.amazon.com/Banana-Conventional/dp/B0787Y5CZ4/ref=sr\_1\_2\_0o\_wf?dchild=1&keywords=bananas&qid=1605342524&sr=8-2](https://www.amazon.com/Banana-Conventional/dp/B0787Y5CZ4/ref=sr_1_2_0o_wf?dchild=1&keywords=bananas&qid=1605342524&sr=8-2)
3500 to 1000
Hey can you edit your link
Tech is currently underperforming the S&P500, similar to the dotcom bubble. SPY is looking like it’s going to melt up over the next couple weeks. Tech might melt up too, but it’s fighting hard resistance right now. If it breaks through it then NQ/QQQ will reach new ATH very soon
What is BABA
Bro fuck off
Eh, who the hell knows at this point. Could go sideways and you have some Bush v. gore shit
Internet: *omg this is the height of feminine beauty!*

> shoves fucking anime girl into your face

fucking lunacy
Probably a better stimulus than any package we’re going to get with a split congress
[deleted]
How about cup my balls pattern?
A wise man
Does he need senate for an executive order?
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jl119v/gme_what_happened/gan7kou/?context=3

Have RC or Senvest sold their shares? If not, ban!!
Reddit admins want to know your address
Yeeee if my witchcraft right we banking North Dakota and New Mexico announced lockdowns
So sad that we can’t say merry Christmas anymore now that Biden got elected.
[deleted]
Okay okay. 
Optimism is admirable. Realism is preferable.
You can’t stop this electric boogaloo baby
Damn those calls are dirt cheap. I’ll play a few grand. 

If you’re right I’ll fully blow you.
Unsure the strength of the big D trend line on that one. How do you feel about it?
[deleted]
XOM 38c
[deleted]
[removed]
It's hard to legislate against opinion. Other people could be saying the same thing and it wouldn't have the same effect since they don't have a large audience.
A/S/L
[deleted]
🌈🐻 here. Zero use.
I think you know it by now but it's not a good thing to take internet advice. It definitely sucks to lose money if you're unprepared. Don't make the same mistake next time, though
[deleted]
That’s not RH. I don’t know how to read that.
Holy racist much...
[deleted]
Let’s do it
Alright, I’ll consider it
Puts on you.
[deleted]
No the red cup company. They got in the EV game. Its worked out well for them.
Yolo ?
[deleted]
The image of that just scrambled my brains...
ccp is gonna be pumping it monday and tuesday, probably gonna be sending tanks to andrew lefts house too
I’m guessing weeklies, you got a reason for the play?
I’m putting my money on SOL

Come ride the SOL train
You (all).  Meaning you plural gay bears.
finally, 100% autistic achieved.
SPY 360c, any expiration before January
We need a NIO mega thread to consolodate the 80% NIO posts to get our sub back.
Ok I'm sorry sir
Comment #6. Citron did nothing. It would have collaped on his own. This is a pump and dump. 

Also...most people dont stare at their computer like we autist. They check their positions on the weekends. When they see that it went to shit or get scared by citron (tiny fraction)...they will sell first thing in the morning.

Ya know...if you are new, better borrow some Sykes DVDs from 2009 era. He goes in deep about pump and dumps. Its a miracle that people still fall for this age old scam 😆
You guys have commas?
Suddenly mom's basement is not enough? smh
Yeah, after all, we can thank them for the discount.

I think i'll just buy some more.
Do it ya' puss
What’s the next meme stock?
that would be sono
excited for SEA!
Mate, I'm afraid you are wrong. Removing China from the WTO will immediately force their hand into compliance.
Would we even need women if it wasn't for sex?  Truthfully, do any of you even enjoy their company over a long period of time
Them Citron wankers deserve a jolly good fisting for screwing up my Friday gains.
Holy shit that is dope looking. Wonder if it has the safety of a 1960s bug tho...
Netflix 520 just finished some serious witchcraft on it
Hell no
Yes. No space for an extra car. Yes. Any suggestions?
I’m retarded why do you think I’m here?!
Post your puts or shut the fuck up.  Everyone is a genius after a red day.
[deleted]
SOLO? The fucking speaker company?
Wealthy before he got banned
Tesla 385p jan.2021
Can confirm. Killed it on the Neodaq, bought a Battle Faerie doll.
I’m not sure I don’t think so, I was restarted to buy a call on Friday and it kept going down so you should be good
Expensive food? Buy a cool vintage car? Donation? New tech gadgets?
[deleted]
2 words........HAIR IMPLANTS !!!!
robinhood margin naked options yolos?
So he is spoiled brat
Let's assume you found an item on Amazon that is a counterfeit. Now take that item and note the details of it--the brand, model, etc. Then go and try to find that item on Alibaba. It might take some work, but eventually you will find that exact item.

In fact, a ton of items sold on Amazon are actually items purchased in bulk from Alibaba by drop sellers. They buy 300 units of things like meat thermometers where they can have it branded and packaged their own way. If you ever are shopping on Amazon and you notice a lot of items look the same but have different brands, it's almost guaranteed to be an Alibaba item.

So if you don't mind waiting, you can go to Aliexpress and get that item that the Amazon drop seller is selling for $30 for $3.

That said, even if a counterfeit item makes it on to Amazon's marketplace, it won't be there for long, and the seller will have their account quickly suspended. But unlike Alibaba, Amazon doesn't have a notorious counterfeit marketplace. Because unlike Alibaba, the fake items are listed by individual sellers, selling to individuals. Alibaba is a counterfeit marketplace selling to *sellers.* Alibaba only began cracking down on their counterfeit problem after the US banned them.

Which takes us full circle--unless the WTO takes action, China won't do a fucking thing. But obviously if you say "you're not playing fair so we don't want you in this game," they might start to finally play by the rules.
So alibaba won't go back to 300?
I would man. If you’re not negative from the execution you can only make profit. Just pretend you lost out on the option and save the stock for when your autist ass loses everything.
Thinking of getting in. No fucking clue on the situation since I’ve been buried in schoolwork and not following. Am I big fucked if I get in now?
Mate, you do realise you are talking war here? Cause that’s the only way China is ‘going to be held accountable’.   


Chinese don’t give a fuck bout rules except to pretend they want to follow them.
What’s an ADR?
I want to retire next week.

Give me a fucking play for Monday open.
🍑 🍑 🍑 gang Wya???
#we had a dwal
I cant stop commenting. People like you REALLY think it was up to him that it went to shit?!??!?

EVERYBODY knew it was a pump and dump. Yeah maybe we got some new traders, but most of us trades for 5-10 year now and this is our 1000th pump and dump. Jesus just short it, this top wasnt even hard to find. Look at my comments I specifically told to short on the 13th 9 45 look what time I posted it.

I guess some people can only blame others not learns.
That is terrible!... Terribly delicious 😋 yum
Hmmm...something going on with NIO.  For some reason wsb really doesn't want me to buy NIO.  I think the only play I can divine from this is to buy NIO.
not even if my dick broke off and I need the money to pay for the medical?
BABA is cheaper than JD right now
Umm no I haven’t been saying that since 40
Wait... I think that song has something to do with sexisim. This conversation with myself is starting to hurt my head lol.
💦🦀👅

https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/jr7395/homemade_bacon_cum_rag
[deleted]
Women are my cumrags
[removed]
LOL
bro you rich now - plz post gain porns
holyshit SOLO is releasing an electric roadster that looks like a 1960s bug LOL wtf? pretty cool tho... https://electrameccanica.com/eroadster/
bro, we dumped big the day after he got it
I hate that this made me laugh
NIO FD puts and SPY FD calls on Monday
Lol you posted this here an hour ago
Fuck ya ty 

Alert 🚨
I thinking he may have been hacked lol?

edit: omg I accidentally asumed their gender, that's a micro-aggression!
Would agree if not for everyone I know constantly buying everything from ali express
sector 🌀
OP getting wet over 31% return lmfao
Since the markets are closed tomorrow....  Army and Wake Forest on the money line, Arkansas +17.
Bicardi? That some cheap knock off from Costco?
50% is not most. If you do some research we went from 99.999999% inherited to 50%. Rest self made.

If you bought or shorted this pump and dump NIO with 10K leverage you could have made 50-100k and more. You are now rich enough to start trading more.

Self made. Dont blame the system, thats for orange man bad pussies.
no one here buys from Etsy.com either but its still killing it with the craft sales
Digital only is just one more way corporations always win. You can no longer play/watch something and resell the item on a used 2nd market. You never really own it.
If tech gives back a good amount of its gains from corono wouldnt that affect spy from reaching new highs?
same here. dunno if i past monday and sell tuesday open or just sell as soon as i see any hint of green
Man OP is such a typical dumb fucking snowflake trumpist retard. Regurgitate Mike Pompeo manifesto like it’s an original fucking idea, when really you are just a tool
[deleted]
Can't believe I thought Suffragette City was by Turbonegro all this time, turns out the original was by David Bowie...
So am i supposed to buy more or not?
[removed]
[deleted]
If I knew it, I'd be a rich man. It's still overbought for me (even though I have deep ITM leaps that I'll be holding though earnings, for tax purposes) but yes, it has a chance of going up on Monday since enough people seem to want to FOMO in.
anybody here actually subscribed to walmart +?
Made a lot of money this week. Shoot me some good ideas to blow some cash. No hookers no drugs.
He does cocaine
We need a NIO megathread that consolidates the 80% NIO posts so we get our sub back.
This weiner has a vested interest in NIO tanking and no one should listen to him. American companies like Nikola will actually scam your ass. Nice try though buddy
Yeah for 2018 though that seems extremely low or their definition of "Ultra high net worth" starts *really extremely low*. 

10 Billion is where is start that list though because frankly even if you completely fucked around, I don't think a single person could blow all of that without giving away very large sums. Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk levels of rich is what that phrase makes me think though.
Omg disgusting
The difference between institutions and WSB retards is the former put like 1.2% of portfolio into NIO. At $25. Not 90% at $43
Amazon lmaoo
👏👏👏
[deleted]
Google L6 is around 400k, similar with other companies. Switch jobs ;)
is WMT going to release their walmart+ subscriber numbers during their ER call next tuesday? just read that they MIGHT already have 19million members, so if they release this itll moon right?
Why are you not mad about this?
[deleted]
Damn be hell, yeah you should join a discord I’m in, we have a EV channel for the EV fan boys. DM me if you’re down
Even to this day they still avoid it if possible. Couple years ago we went to visit my wifes family in China and they asked us to bring as much formula and powdered milk as possible which confused the fuck outta me at first.
[deleted]
better than being in denial i guess.
[removed]
Man
saruman
[deleted]
New phone who dis
https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/jr7395/homemade_bacon_jalapeno_popper_melt/gbrr2l0/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
But he can buyback those shares right?
Sexism
[deleted]
Disgusting
QQQ flat since September right? How much money do you think this place has lost?
You're asking if they accept bitcoin?
[deleted]
Jokes on you, I never had an aesthetic prime
You know, most people put a TL:DR out of courtesy. Asshole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrMRmEeCfJM
Serious question: why do people blame citron when everbody knew this is a pump and dump? 🤦‍♂️

I knew abiut him for 10+ years, he does rarely move stock, especially not in short term. This is a textbook classic hype and manipulation pump and dump withing the currently hyped topic. Is there anybody legit surprised that this crashed and will do even more?

Edit topics for pump, old timers may remember their 500-2000% gain in a week:

Internet, oil gas, shipping, shitcoin, telecoms, vaccine and now EV. Related stocks are pumped and dumped as usual.
What do you do now?
They are leaps bro, just as good as shares, you never sell shares on good companies
https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/jr7395/homemade_bacon_jalapeno_popper_melt/gbrr2l0/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Fuck yeah i bought some cannabis this week at the lowest. Expect It go explode by the end of december
Enough to rent a big ass yacht with a whole crew for a few days atleast.
Hey
China. Soz bro
I’m not sure but if they cancel student loans they better cancel my mortgage. I didn’t spend a years salary paying off my loans in two years just for them to be forgiven for people who decided to get loans they can’t pay.
Yes John was framed by the elite. He had too much money (wealthy)!
well godfall looks like absolute steaming garbage 

if this is the standard of next gen, basically just wrapping garbage in shiny graphics, time to buy puts on ps5
[deleted]
alotta people think jwn gonna have a massive short squeeze. i was on that boat but pussied out.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Can we get this phag banned?
Learn how to use “couldn’t give a fuck” properly for fucks sake
This ones smoking the filter too, and it’s a plastic tip black and mild. code red alert
I usually don't trust myself on the short term direction, but volatility is easier to bet on (and profit from) for me. I can see your point too, it's just not my comfort zone.
He is eating at Wendy’s that why he is (ultra wealthy)
Yes
Birds of Prey Harley Quinn movie is actually so good
Can someone ban this fuck already
The counterfeit stuff on Facebook and Ebay are all from China.  Same stuff you can buy on Alibaba.
I know about citron for 12 years and...no.
Are ducks known for their accuracy?
Yes I know. About a $1.4 for $30 strike. I’m just looking to flip them if VXX hits $24-$26 due to a correction. Worst case I lose a small amount. 

I’m somewhat bearish on the market, though.
Your mom has a few warrants out on her.
Yeah probably. I’ve moved hard from QQQ to SPY and IWM. Only QQQ Im holding now is QYLD
The bubble bubble. Read it over again closely. Very clever of OP actually.
[deleted]
I had clothes on and I Jizzed In My Pants
Yeah dude it’s one bad call... still a seasoned trader up 22% this year on a buy and hold hybrid growth income strategy getting 1600 in dividends annually. I recommend chilling and just taking it as a joke.
Pooh bear is pathetic
Yeah dude it’s one bad call... still a seasoned trader up 22% this year on a buy and hold hybrid growth income strategy getting 1600 in dividends annually. I recommend chilling and just taking it as a joke.
100% of client account r long on Weekend Dow. How fuk r bears?
He’s high as a kite
You can always take profit... Some of my biggest regrets are taking profits too soon on my enphase and amd leaps.
where it goin to?
$5.36 is enough to fill you up with 2000 calories at taco hell tho...
-34% (2k) started in March buying puts and didn’t know what a call or a put was.
[deleted]
🚨 POLE SMOKER ALERT 🚨

A pole smoker has been detected in the area

Hide your dicks
Whalewisdom fintel or any free institutional ownership of stockname, or digging through sec 13f filings
[removed]
Will there be a MRNA vaccine pump next week?
Do you... you know Reddit is not the only website in the internet right ?
Do ketamine and watch inception greatest combo of all time trust me
New cpus are truly amazing. Not priced in.
Just let them play chess bro.
Now go to work, save and do that with a few thousand. Don’t fritter it away on shits and giggles...
🚨 alwrt
Where the group chat at 👀
I assume you’re balding?
Not a finance sub. Piss off.
🚨 pole smoker detected 🚨
What was the premium on that? VXX isn’t typically supposed to be a longer term play.
The Wendy’s bendiez! The boy took his own bio ketchup to Wendy’s to live tweet feed Nikola earnings then got banned by Jack Dorsey personally (allegedly Jack personally ordered his hitmans) . Legend.
I have VZ may the most retarded win
😂
You've been saying that since 40 so forgive me if I tuned you all out.  You can't just say it's going to correct every day and then say "SEE?!"
48
Not yet
[removed]
Good enough for me
[removed]
Kilo??
Yeah that's true. A lot of people see liberals in this light but the truth is some of the ideas they pitch are solid, and same aswell for conservatives. People suck at grasping that concept, they expect you to 100% be on one side only.
Worthless
2700 @ 48 currently
I have the pro from three of years ago, it's a good machine. Anything particular in the new ones that you like?
Share your positions?   


&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

On second thought....
You are retarded. Your phone had rasomwere already before. That is just change.org website. What go you the rasomwere was that freetendies.apk thing
Artists lmao
Deutsche Bank took a stake as well.
Why do people who are having manic episodes choose to come here and post on the weekends? I swear to gawt it’s like every weekend at early morning hours some lunatic spams something.
Anyone get into some VXX calls today? I got some with 1/15/21 expirations for pretty cheap as hedges
Some of us started balding at 17 its whatever
[deleted]
[removed]
Puts on theta
I have no idea but I despise that shit. Something's up bro
I’m high on spray paint
Seriously, I don't touch Chinese stocks for this very reason. Too much fufu. I prefer 12% p.a. and sound sleep.
Ban this fuck
[removed]
Sold puts today and crashed right down through them.  High IV couldn't overcome that freefall.
F
Alert 🚨
The harsh reality that you are no longer in your aesthetic prime is genuinely a tough one to accept, especially when you're still relatively young.
Days to expiration
Make that dude’s coworker a mod on here
Way ahead of you. Didn’t even earn it in the first place
what if i have puts
[removed]
Will there be a slight recovery Monday ?
[deleted]
I am also new to this thing an i am asking what means for example: VOD 11/20 50 contracts 
(written on another post) 

Thanks in advance!
Yeah I second this. There's this one part in the movie that'll scare you fucking shitless though, more than a damn horror movie
[removed]
The fuck is your problem? Why spam a shitty comment some random person made 2 days ago in r/food arbitrarily in response to this and other comments? Yes,  I agree that's disgusting sexism, why are you commenting it about 40 different times though?
Can't compete with that.
Stop. Shitting. Up. This. Sub.
[deleted]
When you guys got LEAPS, you don't sell when they drop right? Just load up more if the price is right until a certain threshold?
the options have low IV so small swings = ez profits
1 date? 0dte? Honestly curious and don't know these terms.
ARK also bought another million shares after earnings
Your question is not a technical.

Your question is not about options.

Your question is shitting up our sub.

Sir, this is a casino.
Holy shit, if you think about a company producing memes instead of producing money it all suddenly makes sense.
[removed]
Well how far out do you want to make the contracts is another big part of it
I thought he was 5 and started a Robinhood account with $100. Turned it into several million and was telling his father not to worry about money anymore. 

I was off
Immediate ban
Deep ITM leaps bro. Time is money, and you get leverage.
[deleted]
Eraserhead, Dogtooth, Funny Games
This was more insightful than OP.  Honestly.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
It won't happen. It's one reason why stocks are mooning.
It took 50 minutes for some idiot to post peer-to-peer transactions.

You know you're on WSB when...

Why didn't you mention craigslist? Do you understand what e-commerce is?

Also the irony of your post is that even if counterfeit items are sold on those platforms, guess where they come from?! That's right--Alibaba.
New laptops are 🔥 if you ask me.
[removed]
el topo
How many bolts you see on a regular basis? This is advertising basically
[removed]
respect
California is increasingly drier each year with more significant weather events, drier conditions make it easier for fires to rage faster/longer and more weather events like lightning and wind make it even worse.

Source: I'm a life-long Californian whose house burnt down 2 years ago from wind knocking down an old electric pole and burning our town to the ground in 24 hours due to no rain for 6 months straight (from May to November, NO rain at all) then 40mph winds carrying the fire insanely fast after it started
[deleted]
Was there a 30 day gap between the loss and _any_ purchase across all your accounts on either side of the transaction which created the loss? If so then it’s a wash sale but you can still use the loss to step the basis of the shares you bought which caused it to be a loss sale.
thanks for using slurs i guess
Just write the difference of 1 - 0.999periodic out on a paper. If you get to a higher number as zero, you proven all of worlds math wrong.
I don’t know. Thanks for coming to my TED talk
[deleted]
I really just need DKNG to gap up starting Monday.
Vaccines are gonna be airdropped on the the streets. Everyone will get vaccinated and then everything will moon
My witchcraft is strong  I put an ugly doll a rat and I used an iguana tail u will see the power of it on Monday I also put some of your moms pubic hair u will see
And prostitutes can give you STD what is your point
Yeah I get that. I'm just bored with AAPL the last few years, I hope they do something new beyond releasing a new iphone every once in a while. The thrill is gone.
You do know that the most annoying replies on this sub are the ones that begin with “you do know that..”
Why the fuck do you keep posting this you fucking retard
Your right, they didnt file a 13f today, wouldnt know until next qtr. How citron research of me.  I guess well find out next qtr, as far as i can tell on whale whispers  and going on the sec search list , a lot of activity, for both open and close positions
OfferUp, Facebook marketplace and wait for it EBAY
wait, are you not?
Why though
The average IQ on this sub is so high it actually wraps around the scale and technically registers as retardation
Really wanna take that chance? vaccine & FDA news between now and then will fuck those puts.
Cnbc announced the Fed will also buy $JNUG securities
The reason they moved their headquarters earlier this year is not just to get some funding, but be able to vertically and horizontally scale their production.

I'm in EU and they are entering this market next year, NIO will not sell Europeans plastic cars buddy.

Happy Cake Day.
Also, the algos love their trend lines as much as us chartists. If you draw one from the top in Sep and Oct down, we’re right on the line now. We gapped up over it briefly Sun/Mon but it sold off before open. 

I’m hoping Trump’s failed court battles will panic his supporters into selling also. Don’t think the news set in yet for the 401k owners. 

Plus the Pfizer vaccine news was a mixed bag.
Let's see, overvalued stock with no growth potential in its core market and competing with every network out there. Once everything is done, I estimate Netflix should fall by a factor of 3.
The bought the brazilian Branch of wirecard, cant go tits up
Link from BotW is sexy af.
Dude, just make one, eat it and STFU. 

Also, bad idea to post when drunk or high....
Looking back isn’t the same as looking forward.
Word.
BAN
  
Enter The Void
Bro. Just accept what happened. I got a crazy good deal on something that will never be predictable. I’m literally not lying to you. It’s kind of ridiculous to me that you have never come across an option that was priced at .01. But for your own sake just know that it is possible.  I looked for a screenshot and couldn’t find one but I luckily posted my gains on Stocktwits. Sorry the pic is shit but I’ll also send a pic of my sn if you are so desperately in disbelief that you need to contact me on there

Wont let me add pics.
Wildwildwes17 is my account scroll down in my posts. You will see I’m not lying. I didn’t make this up so I could troll you 10 months later.
BAN
Also not fomo if you already missed it. Now it’s just regret
[deleted]
🤣🤣🤣
I got a few 16c and 20c each for 2/19 and 100 shares. I wanna sell calls but I'm not sure where my price target is for decent premium without risking it too closely to the current strike price. 20-30% OTM?
When I look at breakeven prices for calls, I figure I’d be pretty happy to get that % return on shares. Makes covered calls look pretty appealing to have downside insurance and enough upside to be satisfied. It’s a pretty slippery slope and I’m wondering if I might be 🌈. I don’t have any puts but I definitely think about it sometimes.
[deleted]
if you are in the red on nio, ur fucking retarded
[removed]
Cuz yolo baby
I feel you, it sounds tempting. Vaccine news can pop up at anytime though.
What’s the oil play? I think you’re on to something.
I see. Are you an Anglo? If so, I see why you would want to stay part of the empire.
Buy tesla calls and nio stonks
U mean Tesla ? Alright calls on Tesla buyyy
Disgusting 

https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/jr7395/homemade_bacon_jalapeno_popper_melt/gbrr2l0/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
It’s an EV so they have a trunk in front -  a frunk
It's a good play man. Covid may go away but people are going to be cautious forever now. They're valued less than $1m dollars which is crazy because they just secured a $2bn deal and increased yearly revenue 600% to $1m(more than their marketcap) and that revenue IS NOT INCLUDING the $2bn deal which they haven't seen revenue from yet. This is huge

Their products are sick, they have iWand which uses UVC light to disinfect objects you scan with it

Rover air purifiers, which sanitize rooms/large areas and are quiet/safe to be around even in use so schools/hospitals will use them, they're already being used in California schools and could be mandated as part of reopening. 

Patent pending for phones/tablets to take thermometers with no touch digital read (prototypes on the way but licensing would be huge) 

Dr Drew even joined the team as they're likely aiming to target consumers now that schools/hospitals are on lock. This is a literal rocket, it should 100x and that's no exaggeration
[removed]
Aight bet
[removed]
My best plays I've made recently are SU leaps and shorter term calls on a telecomm company that has been diversifying into tech for years.

I'll stick with high cash flow companies that are investing in tech (and green energy in the case of oil companies).
Elsa from frozen is sexy af
Try r/investing

There should be plenty info for you to learn
WSB - the world‘s largest frat club.
I went for the more exquisite 6/2021 400c.
Thanks for the source. Easily the highest numbers I’ve yet seen from a reliable source. I will point out though that these are the mortality rates per reported case of covid, so they are likely skewed at least 100% high as many, many cases of covid go untested and therefore undetected.
[removed]
You have to be a apex alpha male, smash lib chicks and scream maga while nutting on there tits
Idk what y’all talking about NCLH is going up. Come Monday I’ll show all of you naysayers
They allow girls in here?!
[removed]
Huh
That one actress “Imogen Gay Poots” is the patron saint of WSB
Ok my witchcraft is done Netflix should be at 520 by the end of Monday
I think this will help you out:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/0.999...
Ok. You better post loss porn on Monday, retard.
The only DD we ever needed
I thought u were joking about stupid ev stocks idk vroom was real lmao
Looking to learn: how do you find if they sold today or not? Or what they bought even
No volatility = options are no fun.
Calls on Netflix
Resturants that deliver their own food take more pride in the food comming to you it good shape, doordash and uber drivers dgaf
You're in the wrong place if you're new. Probably should learn some basics before asking genuine questions in the meme sub
Go on YouTube and look up stock trading for beginners....there's tons of stuff
[removed]
Yep that works too.
[removed]
That’s what I’m talking about!
Not seeing anything useful
I'd say safe bet is ask a professional, not professional autists
You can even “invest” money you don’t have with margin, loans, cc’s etc
[removed]
Bankruptcy or yolo fds
[deleted]
Lighting forests on fire and blaming it on global warming*
I cant decide if he is 🌈🐻 or just salty bull who bought at the top.
Bro just put down a quick 10k calories. Salute
What makes you think they don't go bankrupt?
This man is trading on SVM’s good name.
LI(E)
-0.49% lmao. Was down 25% all time up until 3 days ago when the NIO run started. I hopped on the momentum early and made out pretty well. Not nearly as well as those who had long calls before the run up, but got me back to practically even all time
Mine too bro
Invest every penny you have ever made into Ford
I do. Its a pretty safe bet, if you are going for leaps. I have a significant amount in $20 calls expiring in Jan 2022.
2 truths and 1 lie:

NIO, XPEV, LI 🤔
Good bot
I was about to fomo into nio calls...Then I thought I should inverse myself... Then I ended up buying a share of tsla.
[deleted]
Holding over 200 shares of That bitch
Just ate $38 worth of taco bell, puts on my butt hole
It’s all good, you’ll have more in the future. I hope papa pow rains blessings upon you
In the long term TM isn't better than an index fund.
i’m scared i have a gambling addiction problem ... it hurts that the markets are closed right now
Develop a fetish for pity sex, cause that's all whats gonna be there for you
That’s what I do
Why are you confused? These are all true statements.
am I late
Does no one else see the potential in NCLH that I see??
You might be a genius. All it takes is some horrible Rona stats over the weekend, panic lockdowns and....
[deleted]
I miss her but I miss nio 51+ more which is why she broke broke up with me. But will make me happier when nio is 70+ EOY
Yeah down 50% then back up to 150%, type of shit would wipe out so many retail investors lollll
I'll be eagerly waiting to see your loss porn post.
Rofl ikr
Cool.  Be sure to post your losses
[deleted]
Shit, I still wouldn’t
[deleted]
I lost almost 1% on nio today.  Where's my cry parade?  Thankfully tqqq still had my back.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
it's priced for bankruptcy and it's not going to go under. going to take marketshare from the other losers in the space.
1/3 = 0.33333.......

3* (1/3) = 3*(0.3333........)

1 = 0.99999.......

WTF?
[deleted]
Fins some decent companies in disruptive areas like battery producers for EVs since a lot are still stupid cheap. The lower the stock price, the easier few dollar increases become 2x, 3x, 4x etc increases, so the earlier you get in, the better. Like PLUG, LAC, and CBAT
Just depends.

"If there is pain, nurse it."

I wish you luck.
[deleted]
Easier to make money when you already have money
Don't come back, we won't accept you.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/gainsalot the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Uhh
[deleted]
Smart. You should be good. Just dont hold too long
If you really believe you can also buy shares and sell calls
1.5m wsb subscribers and we only see 0.001% in gain porn
Shopping malls are pooptown this year man. What in the world makes you think itll double?
Dang. Probably not many people will see this but it deserves 100 upvotes
I’ll be back
Don’t hate the player hate the game OP. China gonna win one way or another
Whats the use of that class once you graduate out of curiosity?
Shutter island
[deleted]
Wise words
Also just watched the trailer this movie looks sick I love Jesse Eisenberg
[deleted]
Nobody talks about 🍏 anymore. Probably time to buy calls.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Here another one

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtx3x6
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtx3x6) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ruso_chulo, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ruso_chulo
dredabeast24
dwm42
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Gonna sell the lambo?
[deleted]
Damn, my portfolio is currently about $5500. Half of that is my insurance payout from my shit can catr being stolen by some crack heads and the rest is a stock grant value in cash from work.  Trying to work my way up to pay off all my debt and still leave some in here to invest after taxes
Tell me what to do daddy. I'm on the theta gang, I went on a wild spree of calls on SPY, but I only sell calls and puts normally and collect dividends. What positions do you have?
👍👍
Her dick loaned you money?
How long does it take to get over an ex Substituting NIO calls worked this week but now weekend
This dude has the truest reddit username
Tough call, hope it works out for ya.
Fuck yes
Thinking about buying itm leaps with the 2023 exp. looking for a delta close to 1 for. Synthetic long
There are some rich people in nursing homes
[deleted]
NIO will also likely benefit from more CCP support in manufacturing and supply.

I don't think this will cut TSLA out of the market though, TSLA brand is too strong. Chinese people loooooove brands.

However it does seem likely NIO > TSLA for the Chinese market in terms of market share. Remains to be seen if they can produce the same profit margins as TSLA (which are incredibly high for the industry).
Sigh...
This post is reported for racism and sinophobia. More billionaires are made under communism perfect example is Zimbabwe
Profit gang.


There are dozens of us
This is the comment of the year my friend.
Thinking I’m gonna do the same, selling my DG calls for more 1/15 $16c
Exactly, Fed will simply buy all that bad debt.

Recession over #stonks.
Cuz they don’t have 0% rates back then and no J Pow
Does anyone know how to make a bot for discord to mass inv people to my server like a piece of shit
Cucked.

Fuck struck. Turns your brain to jelly.   


Don‘t think with your dick and don’t screw with your mind.
Protip that will save a lot of heartburn for folks on here: If you don't have leaps, get out of NIO before earnings. It's not that hard and you can always jump back in later if needed.
Am I though?
[removed]
[deleted]
With NKLA
the lead chick's name is Imogen Gay Poots

GAY POOTS

red monday confirmed

gay bears rejoice
big truss bro. easy double.
Fastest way to get 2nd stimulus is for stock market to crash 50%.
If I didn’t get shitfaced last night I would’ve sold for 350% ups at 10am
[deleted]
 Im not sure this is 100 percent correct but I don’t have proof it’s not
Shit, my Amex bill is gonna be 11k this month.  What should I do?   These times are trying???
Li auto gang how we feeling next week?
Not Plantir, it’s like 15 years old and just a $800 million company
[deleted]
I’m just trying to recoup some losses, I bought em at around 47 yesterday. Taking any gains and dipping Monday.
its just getting started. good stocks dont cap out 3 months after IPO haha
[deleted]
Why are you still using it? I ordered once and it’s just messed up
People using Robinhood actually have enough money to buy BRK.A 😳
Personally. I have only used sqqq when invested or owning callings in other tech stocks.  Going solo on sqqq is tough. Q is all over the place. If anything buy some tech or sell
Covered calls like buddy said.
Trade embargo?

Bitch its 2020, what the fuck are you talking about.

China and the U.S. are the most interdependent countries in the world.
Spirit airlines indeed
Old blade runner
If you bought them earlier, sell before EOD. You can always reload later, if it doesn't tank the small gains you missed out don't matter in the long run.
If only it couldn't be hacked
I noticed them after they popped 10% today,  so it was a little late for me to get in,  at least today.  I do really like their goals of equitable donations to nonprofits that focus on education,  sustainability,  and inclusive economic opportunity. Big props for them doing that.  Sold 750,000 shares for those grant funds.
[removed]
Noice
This is what liberals do to society
[deleted]
What’s the ticker? I’ll buy leaps
A fucking Mazda shits all over Teslas interior.
Literally can’t go tits up?
BAN
This motherfucker hasn’t kept in mind that every single fucking fossil fuel car in motherfucking China will be replaced by these battery EVs that don’t even have transmissions
Post your puts or go suck a fat wad of shit bitch tits I’ll fuck my lambo in the exhaust pipe while piping your wife with my two dicks bitch
Money made from sin will be gone before you know it
Among us


⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣶⣦⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⡿⠛⠉⠙⠛⠛⠛⠛⠻⢿⣿⣷⣤⡀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⠈⢻⣿⣿⡄⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⣠⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣄⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⢰⣿⣿⣯⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⢿⡄ ⠀⠀⣀⣤⣴⣶⣶⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣷ ⠀⢰⣿⡟⠋⠉⣹⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣤⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿ ⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿ ⠀⣸⣿⡇⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠛⢻⣿⡇ ⠀⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣧ ⠀⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿ ⠀⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿ ⠀⢿⣿⡆⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿ ⠀⠸⣿⣧⡀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠃ ⠀⠀⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣶⣶⠶⠀⢠⣿⣿⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⣽⣿⡏⠁⠀⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⢹⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⣸⣿⠇⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣠⣴⣿⣿⠁⠀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠏⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠛⠻⠿⠿⠿⠿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Guaranteed it is. XPEV and li already reported massive report, what’s stopping NIO ?
Nordstrom? Are you joking?
[deleted]
Thanks. Moving to a more conservative strategy now.
Any of you guys actually study technicals or just eat a bunch of scrabble pieces, shit them out,  and decide what to yolo your accounts on?
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
too real, mods sticky and sidebar
I guess you will see what happens in the morning - your account might look a little weird in the transition (could see some very large negative numbers).  What should happen: Short call will execute and you will sell 600 shares at 3105, this will put $1863000 cash into your account with a debit of 600 shares of AMZN. Then your Long call will execute and you will buy 600 shares at 3100 at a cost of $1860000 and the debit of 600 shares of AMXN will be met.  You will be left with $3000 extra in your account less any fees. When I say "you will sell" -- the automated clearing house will do the selling and buying.  

Seems like $4.9 should have gone, but I think sometimes depending on liquidity you may have to go just a bit lower, like $4.85 to push it through.
Pretty sure that'd still be a write off.  
At least in Canada - continued ownership of the underlying security would make reporting the loss tax fraud.
Holding NIO calls over the weekend wish me luck, earnings better be fucking amazing
Does “Oregon Real Estate” come in triple leveraged derivatives?
Just bought a house in Cal, I'm hoping the prices still have room to run.
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Hay (Explicit)              ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW3lVu6mh-Q) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW3lVu6mh-Q)⠀►►⠀ 2:54 / 4:21 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Vivarium
[removed]
Alexa, play Hay by crucial conflict
How expensive to bring their network up to modern standards?
How would you know who sold today? You’d have to wait for the quarterly filing.
I sold BP before earnings after averaging down and bagholding for months until it was 70% of my portfolio..... AND the Biden announcement 🤕
u/ Variaton something really fucked me up
NOT one us!
Thanks Brotha trying to get different perspectives before dropping 10k on it
The girls won man, they’re gone
Lots of positive bets available right now, why waste money on long dated puts? Predicting the death of even fraudulent companies is a fool's game.
Hold up what kind if election rigging is going on with the spouses. Stfg I get same texts
Disgusting 

https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/jr7395/homemade_bacon_jalapeno_popper_melt/gbrr2l0/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
I don’t want to be short on QQQ, but I expect theta gang will be profiting. I like the idea of market neutral strategies though.
And then it doesn’t crash ...music continues
[removed]
LOL
[removed]
I just remembered those fuckers are leaching by bank account haven’t been since they closed
u ever feel like its one sided? shit hurts. Anyways Palantir and Nordstrom gonna double by the end of 2021. ur welcome lads.
I watched Cars like 3 hours ago lmao
Yea was in NIO since june so it was still a nice profit. Still felt bad the whole week watching it go high. I had a bunch of opportunities to get back in but didnt.
yes, he's right.  you don't even "own" your organs there, you said it yourself !
Why would you post this comment
Looks overvalued to me. Not even a year old and opened around 42/share and had a high of 72. Earnings were not that great tbh and will come down further...
[removed]
Actually, I have every confidence that's what you were going to do already.
US politics are just getting worse and worse. We thought we could handle being a country on our own but clearly not.
and he didn't cash out TODAY?  yeah, okay...
Sell some covered calls to stem the bleeding a bit
Yo, wtf is peach?  That's the second comment I've seen this without explaining.  Citron? Citrix?
As someone who work in that field. Do you think there is a lot of peoples/familirs who are richer than the people we see on the forbes list? Like families worth more than 200 billions.
Accelerating global warming should cause more Californians to flee to Oregon. It should help real estate prices here even more (average house price is up 50% in the last 5 years already). 

Calls on Oregon real estate.
Yes.
Fuck soros $13P 11/20/20
Flair checks out
SAME DUDE! Let's go green and sell together, the safe play haha
Another thing the grade 8 report “forgot” to mention is that even if NIO is more expensive than TSLA, NIO buyers will get government subsidies... TSLA will not....
Cliffhanger
Dang. I’ve seen a few of these but you guys really came through. I appreciate every response
[removed]
Tokyo Gore Police
Nice of the customer to let you take a picture =) did he get a full detail or just wax and whitewalls?
[deleted]
It means show us your positions, you know like doggy style, 69, missionary. Oh fackkk wait wrong sub, nah but for real, it's show us your positions that got you there like your trades, or ban as in you get banned, or GTFO! Fackin 🌈 retards worse than 🌈🐻
Still nice job, that FSR was SOLID green.  Felt reallly good it's been a rough couple of months as I didn't YOLO into NIO as much as I could have.  Overall happy so far in November.
SYY leaps should be a safe investment. People gotta eat, and COVID can't last for ever.
Damn. She’s gonna be finer than pelosi at 90. Can’t wait
Bought some 15c 11/20, 17.5c 11/20, 17.5 12/18 calls earlier before seeing this and now I wish I got more.
[https://www.cnbc.com/2019/02/28/1-in-5-companies-say-china-stole-their-ip-within-the-last-year-cnbc.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/02/28/1-in-5-companies-say-china-stole-their-ip-within-the-last-year-cnbc.html)

"But the Americans and Europeans stole intellectual property in the 1800s so we shouldn't care!"

Trying to turn this argument into a "western globalization and imperialism" argument is honestly ridiculous.

I'm guessing you are Chinese and that I have offended you?
ONE American company, currently being investigated by the SEC, vs just about EVERY Chicom company, which are ENCOURAGED to defraud investors.  duh.
[removed]
Nailed it
No judgement zone
Possibly flat
5.5k shares SQQQ @ $19.47
I’m holding 10 of them, so I believe in it. It’s definitely high risk though, so it’s only a small bit of my portfolio
I don’t think they ever had the intention to tbh
They are liberal now
Mr know it all
[deleted]
sucky meme tho
Money gram to the 🌙
Indexed stocks maybe?
Drag me to hell
Difference is China has the rona under control. China EV looking like a better bet now.
[deleted]
Just a bunch of applicable job experience and skills, along with available references from past coworkers and bosses who can attest to what I can do.
Who pinned this 🌈🐻 shit
Buy NIU, it’s better
Atleast 30mil, so max of 8.3% which isn’t much
Average at 27? Late, average at 10 over here
Buy equal weight TNA and SQQQ shares. Directionally market neutral and pits IWM against QQQ. TZA and TQQQ if you want the inverse
So this justifies Chinese intellectual property theft?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q\_0y2ouZizw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_0y2ouZizw)

I don't feel like searching Alibaba right now, but as a cyclist, I see people post on Reddit all the time about how they buy fake products on Alibaba. Sunglasses are the most popular. That was one of the first results from a YouTube search for "Alibaba sunglasses." They sure look a lot like the Oakley Sutros!

The issue with the US manufacturing so many items in China is that they have Chinese companies bid on the manufacturing deal, which often involves being exposed in some ways to the product(s) in question, sometimes even resulting in things like molds. If the company loses the contract, who cares! The Chinese government doesn't seem to give a fuck about the manufacturer taking the mold and producing it into knockoffs and profiting off of it.

But this is just a trivial example because Alibaba was mentioned in this thread. There are far more damning instances of intellectual property theft.
Are you saying that because IWM is at ATH, there are very few oversold high value stocks at the moment?
[deleted]
it makes perfect sense, the financials are 100% manipulated (faked).  but no reason you can't make $ trading it short term, just don't "buy and hold"
I dumped a bunch of moneT into APHA after the ACB spike
[deleted]
The Lobster with I meant Colin Farrell. Fuck
I feel attacked
"a new paradigm"
[deleted]
*HUGE BRAIN*
[deleted]
[removed]
This guy dashes
Also the 7 day graph looks like it’s flipping you off at the moment
True. Uber eats and post mates still suck more.
[deleted]
Annihilation
you are absoloutely dreaming. everyone capitulated into fear. we're effed
gAiNs ArE gAiNs
[deleted]
/r/wallstreetbets
I’d say an amazon short since merchants would lose access to cheap goods
Mr. Dinero here fellas
Op gave mod a bj.
if you pay 250k for a car, you're a moron. period.
try some David Lynch if you haven't
Dude drop the link lol
Not all in, but about $80k
By this logic, celebrities telling people to vote for Biden is electoral manipulation.
Welcome to the Dollhouse, Madeline's Madeline
To op that asked the question,  RSI is your friend for this one
There will be a stimulus.

500 billion.
Fuck yea baby NIO all the way If u don’t buy NIO ur a retard NIO gonna be 100 by 2021
Same call brotha let’s get it
Good luck playing weeklies on a gamma squeeze.
Thanks, yeah I would’ve been fine if I just took the small scalps and stopped being greedy.
[removed]
Don't let the tendies hit you when you leave.
Calls on door dash. They mess up most orders (5 out of 7) but people still continue to use them.
[deleted]
Calls on spire. No way they don't do well. With so many people staying home I find it hard to believe they are not using more then average amounts of gas.
The fountain !
You're still using it, so calls
[deleted]
$2.29 pop, that's only a $68,700 investment for someone who needs $400k. If you had the funds,  would you genuinely buy that? I'm not op, I'm just curious
[deleted]
Robinhood exercised my call I now have 100shares in PLTR... What now!? Hold em?
Florida project
Sold NIO last friday at 41.61 moved into FSR yesterday. Your lucky star outperformed my retarded hand who went cash gang for 4 days.
Nah, I had friends like that. FR.
[deleted]
*my girl's boyfriend
Macy puts sound nice
Thanks, I have a really bad trading habit I need to break; but everything is telling me top here. Maybe a repeat of last Monday’s where it pumped wild till 2am Mon and started selling off.
Paprika
Real talk
u foolish little boy the damage u done ull have a hard time getting urself out of this mess
Yeah, for real. History is great.
The Killing of a Secret Deer
I agree, the pieces for tech success (WFH over video calls, online shopping, delivery) were all there pre-COVID, and the crisis just accelerated their adoption.
Dude probably DCed irl
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Buy PLTR not nio it’s not that hard retard
If you're reading this you lost the game
What’s a movie to watch with some strange / unique vibes?
Shares are kind of wack though. I don’t feel like waiting 10 years to maybe turn 2-10k into maybe 20k.

I’d rather blow 15% of my paychecks on super leveraged options and get some decent starting capital so that I *can* buy shares of solid ETFs
Doubled down on DIA puts. Lets go
Why defense? Not like we're a gonna nuke each other right? 

If you want to do this just short US companies with Chyna suppliers or who have large Chyna sales. Or short retail as they're already struggling with COVID - adding higher prices would reduce salea further
If you have to ask WSB for tax information your YTD is red, so don't sweat it.
Lol, I'm someone's wife already 👍🏻
What are you doing here?

r/lostredditors?
Are you going to hold in hopes it will recover? This is a huge position!
* If you want to be safe buy SPY
* If you want to be rich buy IWM calls
* If you want to be smart sell QQQ calls
Sounds like you are emotion trading. You need to set targets both upside and downside. Respect the stop loss, it can save you

And learn from your mistakes, write them down:

1. Don’t buy at AH
2. Set stop limit orders
3. Step away from trading for a week clear your mind and get away from the adrenaline high
Puts on door dash, they’ve fucked up 5 out of my last 7 orders.
You forgot the kilo of coke and hooker in the trunk. Standard with ever EV
Yes, let me listen to a retard who knows nothing about China and likely has never been there talk about how its companies are run...
sorry thought i’d ask for opinions. You say for high iq people but i’ve seen some dumbass trades off of this
Yo... Y'all talking bout gentrification?  Whatcha doin ova here?!?
This is easy. Covid is not going anywhere, restrictions will follow and stimulus will get passed, therefore the only way for PTON to go is up. 

I do hold 105-135 nov-jan calls and when PTON falls I buy more and intend to continue to do so if it keep falling. The only problem I see is if there is a market crash which does seem to be inevitable with every passing day.
Appl BLOOD GREEN ON MONDAY
In at 9.10
Dude we just buy calls n puts on whatever is the top movers on robinhood. You really think we know?
I went to Westlake so def
[removed]
[deleted]
😂
All in on $boty. Who wouldn't invest in this company? Great entry point.
Paper 🙌
If you have the patience, SYY leaps. You'll thank me later.
This is just getting back to the old baseline. Still haven't really priced in anything for Cruise or EV hype.
Ain’t too late homie
Thanks. Yeah now everyone is collectively more prepared compared to the massive uncertainty back then. Already the memory of the sheer fear felt back then is fading from everyone's memory
Probably one of the stupidest posts I’ve seen on here!
Wait till NIO has a REAL drop.
12/4 $52c
Hopefully he gives everyone a $50k debt coupon just to be fair
SOLO
[It’s the same research firm that at the end of 2019 predicted that Enphase and SolarEdge would trade at $7 and $52. ](https://citronresearch.com/citron-reports-on-enphase-and-solaredge-generac-has-just-crashed-your-honeymoon/)
Well you're basically like the 1% on this sub.
options are not safe, period. If you want to safely trade direction, trade the underlying.
>	is literally a platform for counterfeit items.

No it’s not, have you used Alibaba? 

The US and Europe has hundreds of years of intellectual property theft through colonization and imperialism.
My option too!
Whats a vroom stock? I know beef n chicken n seafood n turkey. Ur on the wrong sub this is a investing sub for big brain high iq traders, not a cooking sub. Try r/bingingwithbabish for questions about stock
For what reasons?  It's currently down in a pretty up day for SPY
If the company products are differentiated then the memes will be differentiated. Simple.
Positions please?
What your shirt on  ?
[deleted]
Haha nah I am french canadian but traveled a lot. Sadly don't really speak in spanish well :( I definetly need to learn about him. I know that he asked the incas to fill a room with gold which he thougbr would be impossible and they did just that lol
Cause they lame af, bro.
[deleted]
Gay mod pissed he lost his money on the dip
[removed]
Bro I have $10 calls we will be rich lol
We don’t like your kind around these parts, boy.
Thread solved.  There is life after love.  My bad
Sold NIO at $49 yesterday, and switched into FSR.  Thanking my lucky stars.
No,  you get discounted nio leaps.  Reduced IV and premium because after earnings and stock price drop. Aim for 3 months or around when next earnings might be
40m is chump change for institutional investors.
You speak like Chinese student in murica, but trading the range is a legit strategy
[deleted]
I'm thinking of going hard on RIDE but I don't want DeWine to murder my portfolio if Ohio cases continue. They are still preparing the plant but I'm not yet sure their WFH ability with their engineering revision and certification
Give the guy a break. He’s busy going dumpster diving for his next meal.
positions or ban you nerd
How original, you changed one word. Comedy legend
They’ve had shares for 2 years
RIP
I have about ~$350K into it between the commons and warrants. The warrants let you buy one common stock at $11.50. Each warrant is $1.70ish now. If HCAC hits $30, the warrant will be $18.50, so a ten-bagger, without the theta.
"capitulate"
If it is red I am buying in I think in the morning.. hoping for an inverse of today
What’d you expect? It’s no different than any other month with the current hot stock. TSLA, AMD, SLV, NKLA. Farmers and their moms jump wagons
Well China is living in the future so it depends where you live.
what do you do for a living?
If you really can't wait a few days after making a bunch of money to withdraw you deserve to lose that money (or just buy shares with it and wait a year)
So you're saying to buy calls right?
Ones that produce hentai
Learn to program and get hired at FAANG, then work a few years until you get promoted to L5
Call me a pussy but I have 20 $10 1/23/23 calls I expect a minimum of 50k gain by then
Its been a long time, I don't know much about the Incas but if I remember correctly the Aztecs didn't build the cities they lived in they pretty much just came from the north and were warriors and just took the city from the zapotec? Or olmec? Also I didnt know that most cities were city state forced to pay some type of tribute to the aztec and hated their guts for it (mostly tlaxalca). And yes Tenochtitlan was supposed to be the most populous city in the world in those days (or well more populous than anything in europe not sure about asia). 

I find it insane to think about how they evolved pretty much at the same rhythm as the rest of the world while having no contact with them in probably over 14k years. Just thinking about how those civilization (mesoamerica, andes, middle east, egypt, indus and china) were all born pretty much in the last millenia is insane to me. Mostly the first two because they clearly had no or very minimal contact with the rest of them.
One of the better pinned posts
All I can say to those still in NIO calls, I hope you can afford to kiss the ass of short sellers for at least a month if the bears have their way.
I will be messaging you in 6 months on [**2021-05-14 07:04:27 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-05-14%2007:04:27%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jti9f2/of_course_also_420c_inbound/gc8fght/?context=3)

[**2 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjti9f2%2Fof_course_also_420c_inbound%2Fgc8fght%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-05-14%2007%3A04%3A27%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jti9f2)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Sticky?
I don't know how it didn't tank today with the Bolt recall. Maybe that was known already? Saw it pop up around 3 and the price just kept creeping higher.
[deleted]
It's not only trucks. It's all used cars.
Alexa, play "REALLY REALLY REALLY believe" by cher
Thank you for explaining it!
You’re not dumb, short interest has been high. Something’s gotta give soon, just my option
remindme! 6 months
sounds like a great idea man you should all in that one
ALEX RIDER IS A SHOW NOW WTF??

My favorite childhood books. Hopefully they don’t fuck don’t fuck it up.
It’s at a low rn highest it hit was 75 and sitting at 36 rn???
Medical manufacturing didn't shut down, but sales were hit in the short term (unless they made COVID stuff). Even in China at the start, among the first to reopen and get special permission were medical manufacturers.
Alibaba, the "most valuable brand in China," is *literally* a platform for counterfeit items. Please point me to a US and/or Western European major e-commerce platform where I can so easily buy counterfeit goods?
say that to the crazy guy driving a white van on london bridge
Is there merit to it being towards the end of the day? I know dumps usually happen an hour or two after opening, from anecdotal experience.
Yeah,  I got a 2/19/21 $15c. Guess I'll be sitting on it since price action won't swing it as much as a 2 week out weekly, but I believe in an electric vehicle future,  so I'm long EVs in general
 RAIL...
Sold ten NIO 11/20 57c earlier this week covered by some deep ITM leaps I'd picked up earlier. This should be fun.
"China bad very bad"

A capuchin monkey can give better DD than this in his sleep. GTFO.
Sir, this is a Wendi's, and you work the drive through window.
cool story grandpa
[deleted]
Definitely going in on stripe!
[deleted]
Name confusing, no buy
Get an SSN from Darkweb + Use VPN
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
My advice is you better have the money come tax time. It is much harder to stomach having to liquidate a losing position come tax time.
[removed]
You know they were performing just as well under Obama right?
I’m holding a huge short bet over the weekend and feel like a moron. I’ve lost a shit ton of money in the past 4 months trying to revenge trade to get my money back. I think I just made another really dumb play today. I’m so embarrassed I can’t even talk to anyone about it. People asking me for stock tips and I feel like a clown giving them advice.
TYSON FOOODS MOONING! TENDIES FOR TENDIES!
He’s gonna get Another 10 bagger.
[removed]
ill buy
Do like 3 maybe 4 at a time
It's 2020 so I feel like higher covid numbers and lockdowns mean cruiselines go up. 

The only catalyst left would be for the oceans to dry up, then balls deep in FD calls for sure.
This entire thread is so queer lol. Not complaining.
Puts on Siri [Siri ](https://www.instagram.com/p/CHhoMGnF4kL/?igshid=191mr8nl0dq4e)
Shhhh, let him miss
None yet. Buying dip on monday but not sure what expiration
I actually bought nio puts, hoping it would drop below the $45 strike price. I bought 6 of them at .50 a piece ($50, $300 total). Since nio dropped to around $43, each contract increased in value - up to 4.00 ($400) netting me 1,000+ profit. With amzn, I bought one call, hoping for it to go above the $3180 strike price, and well, the opposite happened. $17.00 contract turned into 0 since amzn didn’t reach $3180.
EVERYTHING shit down with the early lockdowns, especially in China. At that time none of these companies had safety protocols though or knew what they were dealing with. Unlikely to happen again though as most have determined how to operate with safety protocols.
Missed TSLA? This stock is 1000% pumping Monday. If we dont see 50+, I'll be very surprised
I pray all my fellow NIO call holders get blessed in tendies next week. shorts and bears you can suck me.
No wonder it was mooning
You can be sure if either republican candidate wins in the Georgia senate run off elections in January
[removed]
teenage hair grease factories stayed open producing massive acne whiteheads along the nose and forehead distribution centers. they posted record sebum production and enough grease to fuel 1000 whale oil lanterns for a century
That's one "vaccine talks looking good" tweet away from going broke
Tesla's factory in California was closed back in March but I don't think we'll have shutdowns like March again. This time they will be a lot lighter.
Same,  got it at 42.31
We probably are but not during the trump administration.
Check and mate.
what? average people own like 1% of the market. if these market makers wanted to crash the market there is literally nothing you could do
The question was asked. Y’all delivered. Nothing but respect
[removed]
[deleted]
Most closed.
i bought back in at close, hopefully monday will bring more tendies
Aay, Chitown reppin'!

Stay safe out there, COVID-19 cases are surging.
GM has a SOLID EV and autonomous driving division.  It is undervalued atm. GM is gonna eat these EV minnows alive. So will Toyota.  TM is another fantastic long term play.  That balance sheet makes me cream.
So much paper smell in this thread :(
Check 12/18 300p and 290p
Tech has insane margins and growth potential. Oil and financials, not so much.

SQ and Stripe (once it IPOs.. PSTH?) might be a good play
Usually the day of I believe
🐓🐓🐓
I'm basically the property manager at that condo when I temp there. The property manager comes in late, is so unorganized and treats the staff and residents poorly. I'm also helping them improve their document management, going from paper to digital, etc...
I am small bananas compared because I am a pussy. Times the dip today perfectly except exited at -11.75%.. 11/20s
Interesting. I'll check up on TR, thanks
Want to gauge sentiment curious of reasons to be bullish other than potential moderna vaccine
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
I've never looked into warrants before.  What's your stake in the company if you don't mind me asking? Also, looking at hcacw, I see the date 05/09/2025 next to it but nothing about what that outlines. I'm assuming that's when they are granted but again, I'm inexperienced with warrants.
Well, Nio reports after market close on Tuesday, so the general expectation is that it will be running up before then and selling off before market close (and report right after). Though of course it’s a gamble and stock may as well keep going down and go up after earnings, or whatever combination.  If there is no market sell off or bad news on Monday, I personally expect it to run up a few percentage points, but then my magic ball is in the shop and I don’t really know anything 😁
Spend it all. Can’t pay it if you ain’t got it.
Did factories like the auto plants, retail distribution centers and other industrial spaces stay open through the early lockdowns? I know some oil operations closed due to profitability but I'd like to figure out if industrial shutdowns are a risk I can scratch off with the rising cases
[deleted]
Source?
Probably EEM
Leaps are really cheap actually
MMs also bought Luckin Coffee, aka Starbucks of China before it crashed.  I'm just watching from the sideline, but just be careful with Chinese stocks.
Flair this DD
Thanks.  I finally feel like I found my home here. 
::SLAPS HIMSELF WITH A BROOM::
fucking brainlet u need to hit the mental gymnastics to get back in shape
From 1999 to 2002, tech stocks dumped 80% and by the year 2003, people were literally terrified of tech stocks. No one wanted to touch them and you had companies like Microsoft with P/Es like 12. I remember when I first started investing in mid 2000s, everyone was telling me to stay away from tech stocks because it was considered gambling. Now everyone and their uncle is in love with tech stocks. 

This reminds me of how people treat oil and financial stocks these days.
Good to see Reddit is alive and well
God damn! WSB’s got a bunch of confuciuses, spitting wisdom from their peaks
Probably up, maybe down
Can’t even lie, I still love NIO
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ulta is pretty sick i went there once
If this scares you, you deserve to lose money. Get your head together and inverse this retard
[deleted]
🌙🐻🌈
Hopefully you find one, I would give you one but I’m -99.9% on returns. F.
NIO puts
Might be true, but at this point I'm already along for the ride so I'll either cry myself to sleep or cry from tears of joy Monday morning. The only thing about singles day is that JD has been pretty transparent about their numbers so I don't think the market will be very surprised.
[deleted]
Is Disney+ down?  Couldn’t watch Mandalorian tonight. Puts on Disney
I also think they exaggerated some stuff too. Lol. But have you dived into how advanced MesoAmerican (mainly Aztec, Inca and Maya) civilization was? Insane.

They had education system, judicial systems, amazing architecture, etc. Really amazing. Especially Tenochtitlán. Holy shit that was a beautiful city.
[deleted]
https://www.californiacitynews.org/2020/03/calpers-loses-69-billion-market-crash.html

Look no further buddy, it’s all around you
It makes 0 sense unless you're retarded
I can do it for you. My commission is the small price of being your girlfriend’s (or wife’s) slam hog.
Anyone playing FSR? Got 15c 11/20, 17.5c 11/20, and 17.5c 12/18.
Get fucked and banned. Most people don’t want ANY politics here.
Mentally Challenged
Nice
[deleted]
I'm borderline permabear but there's something about the $2 trillion in additional bank deposits accrued since the start of the pandemic that leads me to believe that there won't be another significant leg down. We'll maybe get a few more 10% corrections on our way out of this mess and that is it.

There just seems to be too much money sitting on the sidelines.
As if the US and Western Europe doesn’t do the exact same things.
bargaining chip for the elites to establish and maintain control, is so obvious if you pay attention to the patterns
Only business owners and their employees that are hanging on by a thread
[removed]
Shit, GM is back to all time highs already. Another dip missed.
Big banks politically align with China on lots of world policies as well. Should keep that in mind, i am big into NIO and have some shares but they could also be complicit in some scheme, just being open minded.
Ly gn
No we all just need TSLA’s
Someone got fucked too hard in the ass today
Hehe I bought in at the bottom of the dip
We're here to make money, not cheerlead politics. Chill
Up or down on monday?
Their pre-order cost is only $250 i believe too. So it's not like they get 5k upfront to hold the pre-order. I have no delusions of SOLO being a monster of a stock. But they definitely have their niche.
I am about as far away from a MAGA idiot that you can find. But the issue of China stealing intellectual property and profiting off of it isn't a matter of right vs. left. Ever since China entered the WTO, they have been playing with a stacked deck. They need to be held accountable for these things or they need to be removed from the WTO.
Yup. Francisco Pizarro (Hernan’s cousin) was the one who led the conquest of the Inca. Bro, check this channel out: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzEbtfRP3Cb8X56U87Vh51A

The best Hispanic-American YouTube channel out right now. I’m assuming you’re Hispano as well.
money directly makes me happy, every single time
Shorts gotta make $$ somehow.
Gayest shit I read all day thanks
GM only goes up?
[removed]
11/20
Retard
Ol man Kennedy knew it was time to short the market when his shoeshine boy started giving him stock tips.  

The trouble with the world is not that people know too little; it's that they know so many things that just aren't so.
*Mark Twain*
Who’s grandma is here wtf?
It's weird. One of the main reasons they cited was impending biosimilar competition. As if the entire world didn't know biosimilars were coming. Citron isn't always wrong, but they make some odd calls.
Similarly, my great uncle owned a marina on Long Island. Never traveled, never bought anything expensive, lived simply and never spent his money. By the time he died, he had millions in cash that he passed on to my uncle and his wife.
I just got in the game. Is earnings dump usually the day of @ the end (heard this quite a few times) or is it the day after earnings? I sold some of my shares on the decline and plan on hopping back in, this time very wary of a sharp decline like that again.
[deleted]
This is my favorite part of Friday night.

NOT setting my alarm to get up for gay work. 

Goodnight retards
Sell a couple calls and you have a nice money printer
Attaboy. Lifting is great. Helps my mood, mental health, and physical health. Getting into fitness was one of the best decisions I've made. Overall it's just been a great boost to my quality of life
Seems like a lot of accidents happen do to lack of focusing on the task at hand.(distractions)
Need advise from fellow retards from down under, looking for broker to trade US options while in Australia, currently trade shares using revolut (entry retard portfolio). Anything cheap out there? Looked at commsec but it doesn't justify fees ;/
Funds from option transactions take T+1 days (overnight) to settle. It's not anything innovative that Webull alone has.

2004 publication which had T+3 for stocks and such. Options are T+1: [https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubstplus3htm.html#:\~:text=Most%20security%20transactions%2C%20including%20stocks,business%20day%20following%20the%20trade](https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubstplus3htm.html#:~:text=Most%20security%20transactions%2C%20including%20stocks,business%20day%20following%20the%20trade).

Edit (Up-to-date link), new rule of T+2 for stocks and such. Options still T+1: [https://www.investor.gov/introduction-investing/investing-basics/glossary/settling-securities-transactions-t2](https://www.investor.gov/introduction-investing/investing-basics/glossary/settling-securities-transactions-t2)
[removed]
ive been doing this with somewhat moderate success, it seems to be more about finding the options before people start a bidding war over them, I discovered FSR before it popped and those leaps printed pretty hard, I should have held but im still getting used to this
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Cher - Believe (Official Mus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZXRV4MezEw) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZXRV4MezEw)⠀►►⠀ 2:38 / 3:57 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I wish I were a girl, but like, not in a gay way

Calls on $ULTA, I guess
WHAT R THE PLAY ON MONDAY?
Cher's very knowledgeable on the subject, i think you should ask her...

Alexa, play Believe by Cher...
And Monday when it hits 52 people are going to post articles about how China is the future of green technology
Bruh u dumb as hēll
hey would you mind explaining what a call is? I just started trying to get into investing and am quite confused. what does all of this mean? I mean I get the Nio spike and amazon crash but what else
Thanks swolefam. Weightlifting helped me get her, not just in physical appearance but added confidence too 💪🏻
Blackrock also holds stake  , none of them sold today lol
K
50 mph is 80.47 km/h
I only plan on sharing the spooning position
He's still related you incestuous perv.
I'm still pumping CHWY.
Cars should be illegal, or speed limit should be 50 mph everywhere, even in highways
Hey next time you yolo 10k on any stock let us know ahead of time so we can also get in on the action bro.
Imagine being retarded enough to be swayed by this
[deleted]
LMFAO or you can fucking google search earnings whispers;
It's a whole ass website
Bro I completely relate, and it’s tough. I now set stop limits and that helps a lot, though. For me, I know I need to get my confidence back. Trading without confidence will never produce consistent results. 

Keep grinding. We’ll break these habits
I don’t believe in life after love. My Memaw’s half bro Jerry does. I say fuck him. Thoughts?
Thanks fam, we’ve already been talking about marriage. Need a good play so I can buy her a decent engagement ring 😁
I Bought 250 shares of Square at the end of the day. Hoping for a gap up on Monday but let’s see how retarded I am.
Thanks autistic wsb helper! LOL 🤣
I’m sure his wife’s bf will give him a hug.
As long as you don’t take my positions.
what is peach
Stop sniffing crayons and read it again retard. No one is getting a flare for DD. That’s not what they said, or you don’t know how WSB works
Storms a coming
sweet flex
Go to a junkyard.
LOL THANK YOU
*SEC wants to know your location*
Commissions are like $1. Are you that cheap? If so then the answer is yes. But check if they have your stock. It looks like they let you trade a preauthorised list of stocks.
[deleted]
I’m baked
Tickers my dude
?, what does this mean
IWM is at ATH. There are very few left
Still think it has room to grow especially with all these big money buy ins
These Chinese ADRs are part of the financial war against America. The money will only ever flow one way and that is out of America and into China.
Weeeeelll we kinda were screaming all over the place yesterday (Thursday)that it gained too much to quick and it will go down.. you probably just chose not to listen 🤷🏼‍♀️

The good news it will probably go up on Monday and Tuesday am before sell off on Tuesday near close before earnings, though no one really knows.
Tacked
I got taught graduate level fractional graph theory by literally the #19 chess player in the world at the time.  Never before in my life has my asshole been gaped so hard.  Even when my options plays blow up I don't feel as much pain.  Holy shit, the only math class I've ever taken where I felt like a complete cuck.
[deleted]
5k. Started with 15k. Lost almost all of it. SPY calls brought me back to 20k. Took my original 15k out and now I'm playing with 5.
this didn't age well
Tbh it’s been fucked for at least 10 years now. It’s just going to hyperbolic fuckery now
Webull t+1 . Options. Cant have it on robinhood. Lol
So very wrong. Grats noob.
This is the worst DD ive ever seen. Youre sincerely the most 🌈🐻 ive ever seen. Get off this sub retard
So many pumpers everywhere online. This feels like GNUS. Everyone and their mom is in it.
Makes a post on wsb crying about paper hands, then calls someone a pussy. Comment so rich with irony its worth more then ya portfolio
what does ban mean? everyone keeps saying it?
Y’all like fruit too much fuck y’all 🍖🥩
[deleted]
Nice bro :)
We can cuddle and share our broker apps with one another.
Nice bro, hopefully it works out. I guess the covid lockdown makes it easier on your guys’ relationship. Hope for the best 🍻
Buy 300x SPY 400c 3/19
I literally asked for this to be a thing around 6 months ago and you guys scuffed it off.
[removed]
Life would be better if I hadn’t sold my PLTR 11/13 11.5c two days before it started rallying. I guess having a good relationship will have to fill that void lol
Watch car crash complications on YouTube
He means that he didn't die , so nothing will happen to Musk either.
I'm buying at $4
buy out if the money leaps on oversold high value stocks that are picking up volume, average down at any opportunity, profit
Yeah for sure everything he did was so insane. I know it is after the conquistador but Bolivar story is also amazing. I havent read at all about the conquistadors in the Andes with the Incas. I think hernan cortes cousin was in charge of this conquest somehow.
80,000 $5 blowjobs.
[deleted]
200% (I was a gay bear in Late January before shit hit the fan). Yolod my whole account. Worked out. Made small six figures. Lost half for being gay too long and fighting the fed tho
So your telling me ZM & PTON went down 5/7% today and BA went up 6% How is gonna want a new plane if they can’t even get them off the ground it the first place
Dont buy calls on your cock in that case because it isnt going up. Now how bout that dinner
Dude was literally ready to suffer through a couple days of fever for some ass. Respect Jamie.
Nice.

Important message pinned before board gets inundated for next 48 hours about NIO rocketing. 

China Hustle is a MUST SEE.
> Let the records show that the defendant poi ted to his heart.

Why is Ted eating poi? Is he in Hawaii? Did he afford that vacation by profiting from NIO?
Become a very successful breast cancer doctor
Lol smart. I’m just saying could this continue to rip in that kind of trajectory. My only concern is it’s up 50-60% since IPO
No retarded ER hype?
Nobody talking about FUV
Become a doctor or a lawyer
We should all listen to this guy because Vanguard, Schwab, Bank of America, Ark, Bridgewater etc that all have major stakes in NIO and other Chinese stocks did not do their diligence before putting themselves and their worldwide clients into them.  Like definitely not.  🙄
[deleted]
100k in baba and a year
[deleted]
Cool story bro, I’ll make sure to remember you when I’m in a lambo fucking your wife 

BABA 275c 3/19/21
So they can't fix these things? I was reading that LLNW is one of the few streaming networks with a backbone owned by the company instead of leasing from others.
Med school

Or start sucking cock for cash
[deleted]
Post your put positions retard I wanna see your 🌈🐻 get burnt on Monday
Man AbbVie is a solid pharma company, why did they come after them? It’s not like some meme stock. Strange.
About to do the same Bicardi gold label goodnight fella s
So you’re saying I should invest in a completely legitimate and honest AMERICAN company like NKLA?
?
WUT?
[deleted]
as a new person to this sub I know it is futile to ask buuut, what which stock is 🍑?
This site is full of shit - but I agree
Really enjoyed your comment
-99.9%
I need to make $400k, how do I do it
We been together three years. I graduated college in December but she still had another year and a half of school left so we did long distance for a couple months. But when covid hit I flew to her (she was in Cali and I was in Austin) and we packed her car and drove back to Texas so she can stay with me while taking her classes online.
That’s not true, there’s so many studies that show how most millionaires are first generation, many of which received no assistance at all. The entire world is not as lazy and stupid as WSB.
It was a traduction in french with some more details and analysis from Bernal Diaz Del Castillo original journal. Dont remember the name it was more than ten years ago but I read the whole thing in like 2 sittings. I felt like it was greatly exaggerated like the battle took place 600 of us with support from tlaxalca against 20k of them. One of us hurt his foot but we won.

But still feel some part of it was showing how machiavelian they were. The best part was definetlt them burning the spanish galleon who brought an army to stop them. Also trying to understand that when those guy found Tenochtitlan it was the a bigger city than anything in Europe. I guess I had never thought about how many people lived in the Americas before.
I think next earnings is the one to play because it will have calculated in singles day.  this quarter has no special events
Life is good
I have a 2022 leap so I’m holding thru
Which one though
I think KOHLS and TJX are the big winners for retail shopping. I like BJ’s a lot too.  Heck who doesn’t love a BJ
Guess you're really not connecting the dots of the last few days... Neither Biden nor Harris will be sworn in. Save this comment
Still makes you a virgin.
Did your parents have organs harvested? I stopped taking this seriously when this lug nut said China is communist and have no concept of ownership
Not Walmart the commies close early nowadays
CSIQ calls, time for solar to leg up again
[deleted]
Windy City bro! We are coming up!
I remember because I went from 20k to 1k and jd calls dropped a bunch right after earnings release and I deposited my last $200 to buy more cheap calls.  that got me back to 23k before I yolod it all on Tesla
Show us on the Pooh bear
You run that by snopes? You fucking communist
Which one of yall tryna cuddle and talk about stonks, no weird stuff. Bears and bulls accepted
Why not go into tech then? Pussy
[deleted]
Let the records show that the defendant poi ted to his heart.
I thought it'd be attributed to all the 99-07 Silverados that get stolen in big cities....Apparently you can jam a screwdriver in them and take off. 😂
Glad I didn’t ask. You’re getting crucified
Austin? You hitting West bro?
Don't make the mistake of throwing away that money on stupid plays now that you've become desensitized to making money.
Ackman is bearish, buy puts
yeah i made a lot last week, and i lost a lot today but Im up about 30k overall. wouldve been up 70k if i sold at the top but im an idiot.
Aren’t their shits like 10:1 for us peasants?
Where can i buy a tow hitch at 2 am🥴
Aren’t their shits like 10:1 for us peasants?
BEST DD
One trading day later, this is exactly why people are homeless.
[removed]
They were about to get a govt loan or something? I vaguely remember it I wasn’t trading at the time but I remember reading some controversy ab it
Can confirm.  Lying cheating and taking money from round eye is considered good form.  Hence the invention of ADRs
[deleted]
Always has been.
I’m eating your tendies for breakfast monday you ballgina
Bigger than yours?
[deleted]
Okay fatboy
This guy has puts expiring 11/20
You go to bed?  I usually pass out with a bottle in my hands.
You know I ain’t postin on here anymore unless memeing. But catch me in yours and others I enjoy DM’s 😏
 Chicago. A condo offered me $25/hr, haha.
Calls on ass idiot
REAL MAN.
If you had to explain it to a pile of polished dog excrement how would you do and what would you say?
large groups like Citron that have the ability to move markets should not be able to hold positions on what they are reporting on imo.

you can't equate some no name retards DD on reddit to Citron.
Can you not see that’s a fatass emoji?
Government pulled the contract due to legal challenges and accusations
Why do people say this kinda stuff about a stock *only after* a massive red day for said stock?
Punk rock, anarchy and SBUX
I do not, thankfully
Republicans already have 50 from Alaska
spread ya cheeks and see
Lol, ok virgin.
💎👐 to valhalla or 0.
[deleted]
It's good most of the time and less risky than 99% of what people are doing here. But yeah you can time it badly and buy at the top of a long downtrend or even flat trend and get fucked by theta.
Handjobcapable
You're on your way to enlightenment. Happiness does not come from money
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Ladyboy???
How is that working out?
Somebody better alert all of these institutional buyers: https://fintel.io/sob/us/nio
There is absolutely zero chance we don't see the start of at least a small pullback next week. The fact that airline stocks were all up 5-6% on the same day that multiple states and cities announced a return to March style lockdowns shows how disconnected from reality this market is.
Shut up fatboy
The most retarded shit I’ve ever read.

>	feelings_aren’t_facts 

Another MAGA snowflakes crying China bad. Go back to reading your Ben Shapiro BS.
You dropped this daddy 👑
[deleted]
Calls on Walmart and Target.
Modded
What’s 🍑?
institutions say otherwise, [https://whalewisdom.com/stock/nio-2](https://whalewisdom.com/stock/nio-2)

Goldman bought calls, schwab bought 1.16m shares. 

&#x200B;

[https://whalewisdom.com/filer/baillie-gifford-co#tabholdings\_tab\_link](https://whalewisdom.com/filer/baillie-gifford-co#tabholdings_tab_link) holds 1.02% of nio, didnt sell today. Says alot. (Same fund that holds tesla and fang companies) and who andrew left referred to in his highschool report

Reason why they bought in:

[https://insight.bailliegifford.com/documents/institutional/ltgg-stock-slides/ltgg-stock-slide-nio-ins-ps-8608-old/?name=ltgg-stock-slide-nio-ins-we-0483](https://insight.bailliegifford.com/documents/institutional/ltgg-stock-slides/ltgg-stock-slide-nio-ins-ps-8608-old/?name=ltgg-stock-slide-nio-ins-we-0483)

&#x200B;

China EV is booming, Andrew left pretty much made a lot of baseless shit to sell off, MM's sold the news. All of Andrew lefts "shorts" eventually went up 50% following his shit way of buying in.
I do
[removed]
I actually did get in on $NET at $35 lmao, shares only though
PTON just signed a exclusive contract with beyonce for people to work out to her shit, she's the #1 requested singer for PTON users aka stay at home housewives working on that spare tire.
Another post by someone who hasnt done their own dd, and the only thing op knows is stereotype.

Fraud is everywhere. If you don't do your own research, you will be scammed. plain and simple.
Shut up it’s not the brokerage it’s the trader😂. I use Robinhood and I’m up 185%
is this like getting in SHOP at $25 or NET at $30?
10-15% in active trading (50% LEAPs, 50% FDs), rest in cash
Always Stay hungry
Worked through a temp agency for a while and they charged a condo $30/hr for my talents (2:1 split between me and the temp agency). The temp agency goes out of business and the condo contacts me directly yesterday asking me to return, offering me $25 an hour. You better know I asked for the full $30 for me to come back. The property manager of the condo tries to say their current budget won't allow it, but I don't budge. She calls me today saying she'll accommodate the $30/hr.

 I say all this to say don't be afraid to unapologetically ask for what you want and to fight for what you think you deserve.
I think it goes to 12 end of year then we wait and see
>I'm in the 300-500k camp  
>  
> in California

So you're house poor and qualify for food stamps
Leave my Nio puts aloneeeee
Literally his entire life was a gamble. He would've sold his house to buy NIO calls if he were alive today.
[removed]
This
Seriously retarded response by lock it up here 😂 explaining percent changes come on pal
Bruh they were just saving it up for the last yolo
I don't see how everyone isn't talking about this. It's getting apocalyptic and will only get worse until the vaccine is rolled out, which will take months, and even then a lot of people won't get it. If there is another lockdown that's hugely bearish, and if there isn't, there will be people dying in front of hospitals, which doesn't exactly sound bullish. I don't see how Dec/ January spy/ RCL puts aren't guaranteed 10+ baggers
The poor cuck on the other side of that contact has been cursing this scourge on his portfolio for years. Just know he thinks you're fucking dead and hopes you'll never actually exercise this, or $NIO fucking falls off the face of the earth before expiry!! LOL 🤣🤣
100 mg?! My man, be careful.
Pull that shit up Jamie
[deleted]
+$1.1M
Because history is awesome. And which book?
WHO HERE HAS A GIRLFRIEND OR WIFE WITH A BOYFRIEND????
mentally challenged
There's a handful of high buy limit stuff that's also off the radar. The enchanted diamond bracelets sometimes have a pretty good margin, 200+
[deleted]
If the chinese defraud us, then $NIO is gonna moon on ER tuesday
But you still got the earning report left for NIO
It will bleed for 2 weeks before it’s ready to procreate
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
One of my Uber rides tonight is neighbors with and friends with Jamie from the Joe Rogan Experience. And apparently she was the one that took Jamie out to the bars when he got covid.  It’s wild the types of people you can meet doing Uber
I come here when I've got nothing else to do which is 6 nights out of the week.
The crazy unstoppable chain of events that turned a murder into a world of fire
Not maxed yet filthy casual.
That’s how it’s done hahaha
How about instead of posting this word salad you post a picture of your puts instead pussy
I’m going for the most pix 6’s
Ngl GE been printing for me last month or so
Holy shit
[removed]
They have "Optionsscheine" which basically are options without unlimited downside for losses.
Baba is losing out cause of the personal feud between  Xi and Ma. If not for that fact we would have seen an equal recovery among the big players. But yes baba callholders still fuked.
BABA SUX
this is smart - makes catching crappy ones much easier, too. gj.
Doubtful. It's a shit company and CDN market too crowded.
This is amazing 😍
[removed]
Nio is made for wsb. Keep your opinions yourself . I have no stake in it but, the only thing that could make NIO better would be, a woman CEO, solar panels, and cars shaped like the Batmobile.
Bro plz
Some homeless looking dude literally flagged me down in the grocery store and told me to buy AAPL in July. Stonks go up.
400k a year and hes asking wsb for tax advice...he deserves to be here..
You belong here
I hate to bring you down from your epiphany but T+2 days is the standard for funds to settle after a trade regardless of brokerage.
Holy shit, I can't wait to put everything I got into 🍑

Who needs a bloomberg terminal when I have top of the line, weapons-grade tips at wsb.

I expected nothing less.
Just post your username and password and we’ll show you
Trade republic has options? Also I think the 25k thing in IB was no more, they do charge 10 a mo the in fees unless you make more than 10 in comissions in the same month.
NEWS SAYING A LOT OF STUFF ABOUT AMERICA DESPERATELY NEEDING UNITY 

CALLS ON U
Cycles can be years long. FÄGMÃN is flat for months now. So it’s not always safe, that’s for sure.
what's the other word for that?
-98.24%
I mean it hasn’t worked out so well for IBM and INTC. Nothing is truly safe.
In your opinion do you think it will keep running?
[removed]
[deleted]
Are you lost?
[deleted]
Nobody talking about Unity
100 shares and 5/21 17.5c
Daylight saving comes but once a year.

Quick edit! butt cums once a year.
Hernan Cortes story is the most interesting story i've ever read. I had no idea about most of the thing ive read in this book. I have no idea why I am having 2 conversations about Hernan Cortes at 2 am on wsb but here I am.
Lmao sk8erbois in the market is a definite confirmed top
[removed]
All these banks pumping SPY 450 by next year just makes me super wary that we’re getting next leg down in Q1 and they want to offload their bags at the top. Just like they did in February.
Magic longbow is profitable with nats
$100 dollar 0dte put turned into $1200 yesterday. Thank you very much NIO. Very Cool!
She liked into the sq dip
20% on YOLOs?
i sold enough to buy the call and kept the rest and if i make money off it ill buy more shares
LLNW
WMT to the moon 🌙
Underblown, ATH with ensuring lockdown wtf.

But muh election relief makes markets go uppies
Just got back from hanging out with a friend, he's in his early 20's.  Sitting around the fire pit in his backyard, shooting the shit with his roommates and their friends who are all college age stoner / skater types.

They bring up the stock market, about how it is ripping higher and higher.  One of them mentions that he just bought 60 shares of AMC.  Other one says he bought a few shares of Starbucks, "they're doing really well right now."

The top is in.
great now I have this to think about before I go to bed
When supply slows to a halt and demand is high, crazy things happen
Warrants (HCACW) are the best value. They’re cheaper than any leaps. I have a combination of common shares and warrants. SEC filings show that management will unlock shares at $18, $25 and $30 price targets. I’ll probably sell at $30. Until then, management and I are aligned with our goals.

They built a platform that takes 3-5 years in a record 19 months. They already have a licensing deal with Hyundai. They’ve built 13 prototypes and have completed 50+ crash tests. They’re miles ahead of any other EV startup. I think Tesla will always remain king, but I’m more than happy to get in at the start of a young company that would be a strong competitor. I think they’ll get acquired at some point.
Yeeyee
They're taking an ownership (controlling stake, I guess) in 21.
Blung Blang Bling! Yeah you'll hear that for the next hour. Is a shame they have buy limits on the good stuff. It's as much of a buzzkill as PDT
It’s 6.5 or all 12 percent of the SS. Plus the 39% federal plus the additional 20 percent of the corporate tax. Basically you’ll be taking home about 1.5mil of the 5. Or something close to that.
if they can announce a legit vaccine AND stimulus, it's gonna be back to printing time.
LLNW gonna double soon. Fucking cheap
Is it ever a safe time to just throw 50% of your account in bluechip-stock LEAPS and average down accordingly?

Like can the bears admit that stonks will go up over time?
Complete garbage actually. Worse than expired options.
lol,  boomer investing into my 401k and IRA into a diversified portfolio of funds of stocks....what a fantastic performance over the last 3 years. I basically do more work scratching my balls than i put into thinking about managing it.  Meanwhile, managing my brokerage account where I gamble on options.....so much work for stress gains.

Don't  knock consistent 8-12% gains until you've tried it.
Stonks only go up !
26 positions for me....
Get emmmm
What’s your short position bro ?
I will be messaging you in 3 days on [**2020-11-17 21:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-17%2021:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtvol0/buy_calls/gc8d8v4/?context=3)

[**6 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtvol0%2Fbuy_calls%2Fgc8d8v4%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-17%2021%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtvol0)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Can you show us where Xi Jinping touched you?
UUP is down almost a percent AH.  If it stays like that, spy will be easy 365 come Monday.  Not sure about your Friday ones thou.
Seriously what's up with the used truck market. Shit is nuts.
80% of net worth in index ETF shares because I'm not autistic enough
So... don’t invest in BABA or JD either?
RemindMe! Tuesday 9pm
Boys, what’s your all time return? Be honest
nio is fucked, to much fomo now, to many people feel like they are holding the bag, any gains will be offset by the bag holders trying to salvage the gains they once had..if yall think this stock is going to pump monday, you are retarded....
It was his free stock for signing up a friend.
If you want a laugh read seeking alpha dividend articles.
What are you listening to?
In all honesty, I recently started following you and I appreciate when you make these posts. I really hope that the sell off doesn't start Monday open though cause I need to sell my dumbass calls 😅😅😅
people saying logistical issues revolving around storage almost guaranteed after Pfizer authorized.

red days on those days. Not priced in yet.
He shorted it
Rich, rich, fucked
They need to last minute kill the hopes for Moderna like Ant IPO.
Fuck that. OP show me your photoshop skills and I'll quit my job and work for you
fuckin 'MERICA damnit!!
Ok. But BABA was $80 on 11/2015. If someone had bought 100 shares and held it, today that's not worth garbage, right?
Tired of fapping i feel weak
Me too lol one post is it’s gonna 🚀 next post says it’s gonna crash
Sorry that makes too much sense keeping everything
They will always have controlling rights, no matter if they have 0 shares or not in the future
So... give him another $2,5 mil for 5 months out. Will make it back
Yes. But I'm not telling you.
I only bought 10 shares like an idiot
You can't convince the NIO Clan to sell their shares 

You will die a cowards death, gay bear
March first, and you'd be done trading by Aug.
Yes, All 5 million.
Don’t worry it’s only a matter of time
Home prices surging, used trucks selling for a rediculous premium, new lock down incoming.. even if we lose money on our options we're on the top half of the K

Puts on humanity
Ask your fucking lawyer
Lol I’ll wait till 38 to jump back in
Fuck that take me back Feb 20th. I’d buy so many puts and then at the end of March tell separation variate to suck my nuts and go all in on calls
I got shares & leaps today
Hernan Cortez was a terrible human being but holy shit the things he did. This guy was yoloing every god damn day. Oh you sent an army after me? I will just burn their boats and recruit your army when they are stuck here.
Profiting off fear.
ouch I forgot about that post. RIP
No positions = ban
 Called the top on Nio and XPEV. 

My retarded friend bought XPEV at 46 on margin told him to sell at 50ish, but ofc the retard was adamant it be another 20-40% day we all know how that went 🤡
I dunno but one of us is getting fucked. 

20x 345p 11/16 here.
Finally made good money and realized it didnt make me as happy as I anticipated. I always want more
Guess you'll be back to giving blowjobs for $
What's the consensus here about Covid? Overblown? Apocalyptic? Somewhere inbetween?
Trump has a chance of requesting recounts or reviews. That’s extremely different than a good chance of overturning states. You’re off your rocker
Just did high alchemy for like 4 hours on osrs with sound ON and now all I hear is the 3 tone alching sound. What do? I have a massive headache and I’m trying to sleep
Good to know I’m not a complete idiot. Making money was fun now it’s stressful no matter which way it goes.

I used to say that about chimps buying calls because it was literally that easy. I almost considered quitting my day job. Thank god I didn’t.
I go to target instead because I am upper class.
I will cum so fucking hard if it pumps to anything close to 40 by December. I have 515 contracts 


15×22.5c 12/18

500×50c 12/18 (yolo)
Did you make that money and play it right?
thats a bearish wave trend analysis
I will be selling before earnings if I'm green, I've gotten burned too many times on earnings
Yeah I thought so too, I literally never buy OTC. Look into it though, huge deal 1000% more than their annual revenue. Patent pending for digital-temperature scanner technology into cell phones/tablets. It's the ultimate COVID stock and it's going up exponentially
Just dont pay anything and see what they bill you
I like getting top 😤
love how r/personalfinance doesn't make the cut.
Why not both?
why is this retarded post pinned
Annie's twelve years old in two more she'll be a whore   
Nobody ever told her it's the wrong way
Fuck now I’m scared
Smh
I’m balls deep in fd’s next week. But got a few March 2021 5-10bangrs imo
How many extra chromosomes do you own?
It’ll be more like Breaking Bad, because we all had the same vague idea of how it would end, but not when. And everyone is on meth.
He has a gambling addiction.
Based off your pic she looks nice
[deleted]
If it ain’t Chinese, it ain’t for me 😤
>then I just keep holding

That’s my problem. When I first started trading in early august I’d paper hand everything and take small profits. Nowadays I’m diamond handing all my losers and averaging down when they’ve turned into FDs.
I’ve also been through this myself. This is gambling not trading and most people reading this should look at it as sport. The probability that he makes money is slim to none and eventually Delta and Theta gonna fuck you hard with no lube.
So dumb. I loaded up on spy puts and got raped today. Couldn't even afford dinner.
All these obscure stocks floating out there that will probably make 3746265x by this time next month..
Buying **VIX** 21 APR 21 \[AM\] 20 CALL @ 7.40

Elections in the US are not over like the fake news says. Trump has a good chance of overturning a few states still. This fight will shoot VIX to the $40 range between December and Feb.
FDs to maximize gains
I have to be covered in gas and set on fire to learn shit
Loaded up 3000 shares friday averaging @ 15.. kind of glad I did but I’m going hella long so it probably won’t even matter at these prices lmao

Think I heard Soros jump in with 35 million shares or some shit
How rich/fucked am I with spy 363c monday, 370c Friday, and 400c 12/31
tooshy-e.
Can someone think of a time where people’s pensions were fucked by a fund manager? Like what would even happen at that point lol
I wonder if my future wife is sound asleep or getting double teamed right now
How many positions do you guys have between shares /options?

Icln / maxr / baba / jd / jets / nio / nchl / SU / AMD
I make -50% money
Fat booty
Listen up mofos.  If you're into biotech investing, without a doubt, self-amplifying mRNAs (SAMs) are going to be next hot shit in medical research.  There are gigantic advantages to using mRNA for gene therapies.  SAMs will be the next big arena.  Target companies that are balls deep in SAMs that have targets for trials in the next 5 years out.  Get in before it overheats.
Don’t tell me what to do 😒
Sounds gay.
[deleted]
The point wasn’t loss or gain head ass, it was about these tissue paper hands. Lick my nuts pussy, you probably use ur parents money to invest
People actually like and respect Elon tho
NIO reports Tuesday. If all the posts about NIO are any indication, that's all that really matters next week.

We're going to see half the sub either be in the "Tres Commas" club, or at the back of the "Tres Marias" restaurant begging for spare change
I always get confused when i am not on wsb and read people bullshit. I am probably the biggest pussy on wsb but when I am on investing or stocks I feel like I am Conan or something
So, RKT and CCL calls?
Wait four months when NIO is $25....
Anyone know how long the data reviews take for these vaccines or how long Pfizer’s took

Moderna said they’d know by the end of the month but Fauci said within a week on Wednesday
Wondering if I should just dump my portfolio into PLTR shares. I make very concentrated bets....but have avoided doing so ever since market has been hitting ATH
That would be 🥭
I need boomer stonks to moon Monday so I can dump into PLTR.
If you haven’t looked through all of the amazing posts in this sub today get the fuck out of here and go look.
TL;DR: 28M shares valued at $10.10 of common stock expected to sell on reverse merger
Imagine the amount of tendies you could get if you had a time machine that could take you back to august 1st, 2020
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because I’ve been drinking and I’m a dumbass lol. I’m buying every share I can Monday. Major institutional buys today.
All the Chinese people are already traveling and gathering and partying and what not, we don’t have to believe the numbers the government gives, but unless we think all the citizens are putting themselves at risk, there basically is no covid left, as the people has shown. Im not going to get into a political debate here about democracy and dictatorships, but over there, when something needs to be done, it will be done quick and with force. This pandemic has shown that it’s not all downsides to forms of governments other than how the US have it.
🏬🪡 gang stand up
So Dump failed at life?
I think thats what I find so interesting. The war during that transition. Machine guns, horses, gas, everything was fair game. Empires and borders that no longer exist as well. Ill go down a franco prussian rabbit hole.
The market has become like binge watching a good TV series. Every day ends on a cliffhanger and you’re dying to find out what happens next. At least that’s how it is for me. 

But lately it’s becoming more like the later seasons of Lost. The storylines are starting to make less sense, and what I thought were important plot points were actually just loose ends.

And I’m pretty sure this ends with me dead hanging out with other WSB homies that were trapped on the island.
Peach
Ironically relative
Making money? Not here. We only spend money we don't have, like the US government.
It’s “snooty”.
Should I get some 🍑 fds or leaps 🤔 both look hella promising
Pretty sure some army boys would just kick any history soldier's ass 🔫 pew pew 💣 POW
I don’t get how that math works out to be a trillion - current market cap is less than 25B and around 450-500M shares outstanding
[removed]
You should be taxed 40%
So in that video you linked, they're aiming for release at the end of 2021, so I'm guessing you're pretty long on them. Whats your play? Are you buying shares until the reverse merger then leaps in conjunction with shares or just long a bunch of shares and believing in it on a longer time scale like its a young tesla?
Girls are so mf complicated like Jesus Christ. My hand and my Dick have a good ass relationship so I will stick to that
Always assumed it meant trump
[removed]
I don't think you're in the right place, my dude.
Love music when I’m high.
because Peter Loves To Rip
You should’ve leave lots of spaces below r/wallstreetbets because r/wallstreetbets is 100 times much better and no competition
[removed]
Robinhood is designed to make you not withdraw funds till you lose it all and to also trade on impulse. You wonder why you cant really withdraw funds after a big trading day? They force you to wait t+2 days for settling before you can take the money out? And its hard to not trade within those two days.
in all fairness, the market has been straight autistic this month unlike the summer where a chimp could buy a call and profit.
Lol nobody tel him

WRONG ANSWERS ONLY
should I sell all my other calls and all in PLTR 🧐
It’s a peach
Nah
it's true, they pick a hot FOMO-inducing stock like TLRY, BYND, PTON, NIO, when they feel it's getting really ridiculous they establish a short position then send a tweet about it.
We do?
Ban for no flair.
Fuck you!!!
Yikes
Yes, you are egg-planted.

Which means eggs have been implanted in you.
Wait, you guys make money doing this?
Robbin’ da Hood inspiration for us all
If you don’t know what 🍉 or  🍑 is, you probably belong here
[deleted]
Vikings. That is all
We only lose money here.
Yup hard not to when you’re able to panic the masses into a 20% sell off 😂
Can someone please DM me what the 🍑 is about? I can't figure it out beyond the obvious. Thanks in advance!
We don’t play boomer stonk here
NIO is going to the fuckijg monn BABY

Then again I'm drunk so this is my best financial advice I could give 

It took me two minutes to yep this 

Please cc ehelo
My wallet is a Sublime wallet that I've had for over 10 years
I like cars and was browsing google 1 day and stumbled across it when looking at future EV cars and then looked to see if it had a ticker cuz I thought this would be a gold mine to invest in like the next Tesla, I look at it like the poor man’s Tesla
It’s basically just telling you that you’re too poor for the market
its been a while since the last paper trade competition. we should have one soon
No.
Ngl I accidentally sold my NIO calls when it was at it's highest today
Damnn, that was around the same time I made a decent amount too. I was close to breaking even off puts in both September and October, then I just kept holding. 

We just got to break the cycle
What else will retire old folks do with their millions in savings? It's the lazy way of world travel.
Ghetto spread it.  Make it a freaking calendar.  Sell a call at a lower strike if you expect more pain.
You're cool. Buy calls on mondag
[removed]
[removed]
Best album
The second "top" wasn't really a top and now it's formed a reverse batman. 🦇🔦
Hmm, send me the greatest victory for the Spartans, and maybe I'll consider it. Just look at the numbers for this: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle\_of\_Cajamarca](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Cajamarca)
Just saw this reply PDD and JD disagree.
What is it
I called my broker once when there was a glitch. He looked at my current day trades and said I was flat lol I can sense he wanted to bust out laugh at me
with what TSLAs invested in the battery dev.. theyre years ahead of everyone. Regardless I doubt China lets TSLA win so NIO is still a good investment
[deleted]
what are you? mcgregor sister?
Peleton is the new etf
I don’t know how PLTR is worth what it is. Crazy valuation to me. I had it and sold at $10.50. Maybe a $12 stock tops. Another fad play. I’ll stick to cyclicals on the way back up.
Well. If we breakout to the upside it’s gonna be huge
Market was definitely going up today, so triple top isn’t really in the picture. My body is ready for new ATHs. Vaccine on the way, and we’ve seen these prices long enough nobody will feel compelled to sell.
Yes, haven’t listened in ages but love the vibes
how many of y’all actually know what 🍑 is or y’all just saying random fruits? 🍑🥝🍌🍆🍉

god I love this board, please never change
They are a bot. Take the free info and don't question it.
If you want to get a little hipster take a look into the Franco-Prussian War. It's sort of the prequel if WW1's your knowledge base point and it really starts kicking off the industrial era of mass production revolutionizing warfare. Comparing all 3 shows how dramatically a century changed not only the methods of warfare but also the politics and sentiment behind it.
I will give it a go, thanks.
Penny stock garbage. Ban.
I totally feel you bro. I’ve had trouble making money lately. The last time I made any good money was when I had FSLY puts.
r/ASX_Bets for retards down under
Probably, just seems like less coverage and footage so theres more of a mystery. Trench warfare, mustard gas, some brutal shit. i mean they basically made rules for war after how bad it was.
I saw 4/1/2021
I just was reading how they have 100M shares outstanding and more on lock up. Concerned that would place them at an unreasonable price point?
Lmao.
Darn ya cot me
How did you even hear about solo as a company?
190,000 today. Unreal
HHa it wasn’t me but I’m glad you had a good day
[deleted]
This guy does not fuck.
He just missed the decimal place
🥑 lives matter!
You would love Dan Carlin’s “hardcore history’s Armageddon series”
There are like 100M shares outstanding and even more on lock up. Wouldn’t that make them like a trillion dollar company lol
I realized today that it’s seriously not that difficult to make money, I’m just straight retarded. It feels like I’m farther off than I really am. I just have really poor execution
Where's the 🍑 DD?
On top of that it's already a 43 billion dollar company. The 2021 numbers have probably been priced in now too. It's probably not going to get much better than this year.
Straddle 10k on Amazon and see what happens
Cant wait till Monday. JD gonna moon 🚀
If their goal is to make money, they're right 100% of the time.
Thanks!! I don’t know why I haven’t thought of this.
They hit NVDA like 3x when it was less than half its current price and SHOP when it was like 130. Fucking jokers
80
I think the whole Saudi and Russia oil thing helped out with the March drop too
Makes me slightly less retarded than you tho
Docking ?
New investor here. What's a call?
Bet, I couldn’t find you on the site but I’ll follow you here.
A lot
Buy drunk ,sell sober
Bruh.... it's a public market. You have a lot of hate for being outsmarted
“I’m never gonna financially recover from this.”
I’m so tired of grl pwr all over social media. Anything a woman does is some historic shit.
I feel like we may actually make more money trying to buy the top 😂
True. The altruism proved to be fatal in the end. Funnily enough, 200,000 Tlaxcalans allied with the Spanish to kill off the Aztecs. Lol. It's funny how most people don't know that. I like how you know your history. I've been super interested in it lately. It's amazing.

We need more Apocalypto and 300 type movies to be made (based on true events). Enough with this fake Avengers crap. Human history is a movie in itself.
TL:DW 🍑 , old people guinea piggin the first batch for us
We definitely triple topped homies. Watch out below.
40 oz to freedom good vibes any day of the week
Damn. NIO really sounds like something I wouldn't mind buying and holding shares in. TSLA, as an electric vehicle company, doing the bare minimum to maximize profit to fund Musk's space adventure time.
What calls do you have I am more than happy to help DM me
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sticky dongus ya meep
😂😂🚀🚀🚀
/r/pennystocks over /r/weedstocks, at least they are honest about their shit being penny stocks and pump and dumps.
[deleted]
Guess you’ve never heard of Village People
Cheaper than Federal bonds...
That doesn’t make you not retarded
I mean I get that but the arrogance of this guy annoyed me to no extent
you sir haven’t done your research, NIO does make cars they outsource it
We need to have a paper trading competition where we see who can buy the top the best because a competition making money here is a joke. There would be next level completion with the ability to buy the top here.
That shit would sip
Lol rkt
Yeah, I had the same let down.

I enjoyed the movie so much (never read the book though, not sure if more accurate). As usual, our heroes from fictionalized or marketed accounts are often far more human in reality (i.e. flawed, other unsavory aspects,  personalities you wouldn't expect like Terry Pratchett's, etc.).
I think you have to shift fundamental valuations with the liquidity injections.

Everyone loves those velocity of money Fed charts, but they don't seem to think it through. The money gets tied up in the assets. The only velocity would be transactional, but billions being pumped into an asset doesn't represent money supply moving even when you switch which asset.

It's a bubble that won't pop until we're not the reserve currency type situation, China and/or India truly get their shit together, something epic. Outside of the smaller bubbles like pandemic stocks of course.

I suppose you could theorize ZM, maybe PTON etc pulling down the market, but they're already trending down with SPY etc. heading upward.

Edit-- Oh, and when the Fed raises rates by the slightest, tightens QE reins in anyway shape or form, the market will have a shit fit.
Why should we give a shit about whether or not you give a shit about pltr
FSR
Why would it have any impact ? What happened when Orangeman got COVID ? The 🌈 🐻 kept being hungry
I worked security at a nightclub when I was 19 and Dickie Betts came to town one night with his band. Because I had the nicest car of the staff, I was tasked with taking his tour manager to "run errands" and later picked up Dickie from the hotel. Long story short, after the show, I took Dickie back to the hotel and the man was double fisting with his tiny dog in his lap, coked out of his mind, asking me if my girlfriend and I wanted to come to his hotel room to party (he wanted to fuck my girlfriend).

I passed, but I'll never forget that interaction. Old famous rockstars are something else.
This is the way. Cannot edit a meme. One of us.
Man whyyy? If you have large portfolio just buy deep ITM 2-3 years out leaps and just sit on your ass and they print money for you. Don’t gamble
Have you listened to Dan Carlins podcast series on WW1? Its amazing
150k new COVID cases and stonks go up cuz this is the way.
Are you the feds?
finance sub hierarchy, best at the top

r/wallstreetbets

r/thetagang

r/options

r/stocks

r/investing

r/weedstocks
**it shouldn't be that hard. Have some Earning Whispers shill come over and post this fucking image! J-fucking-C!**
excellent move
In a year? At minimum 35-50
They don’t get many opportunities to feel alive, so they take any they can get
Just seeing this—if you’re still wondering: yea, exactly.  Let’s say you first “sell” the iron condor for $76.  Your account technically is credited with $76 but you then carry a -$76 liability (represented by the - market value).  Thus, at the beginning, you’re at net $0 profit as you should be.  You earn money as the value of the IC goes down, so you want it to go from -$76 to 0.  You can close out anywhere in between (by buying it back).  Common strat is to buy back at 50% profit because at that point you have far more downside than upside.
I like turtles
I see a triple top.
I only invest in long term buy and hold index funds
are you a bot? futures are closed
I went +160% on my calls this week. What the fuck are you talking about?
NIO has not surpassed BYD's market cap. BYD's market cap is 70 billion. They sold half the number of EVs as Tesla and over 3x that of NIO this year. They have EV trucks, busses, and big machinery as well. They have good margins and own most of their supply chain.

The problem is their vehicles are considered budget compared to Tesla and NIO which are considered luxury. They are also an old OEM so they don't get that rich valuation the new boys get. And being old, they aren't growing as fast as Xpeng or NIO. They also trade in a Chinese exchange so fewer people can invest in it. It can't pump like the other Chinese EV stocks. However, I believe they have the most potential out of the Chinese EV companies.

Btw for anyone reading this, BYDDY is the US ADR ticker if you want to jump in. Ticker BYD is a random gambling company, but that may pump if enough people think it's the real BYD.
Aged badly
And yet NIO will be spammed in the daily thread until next week.
"..but I dont know what dat whuh luh lye"
Im fucking dying
Missed win at move 17. Queen takes bishop, checkmate. But if you like extending your games more power to ya
lockdown is bullish because it means more stimmy
Because Peter fucking Thiel
😂 I’m dyslexic as hell though u wrote nio. Still go get some 🍑
I just sold one for 900 🤣
That's cool, i think you're in the minority though.
I want to make this clear. I DO NOT RESPECT THE SEC 🍑🍉
For sure
[removed]
Nope. Check this out: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Cajamarca
This never gets old! Hats off to ya navyboy007
Any other sublime fans in here? Not a hippy fuck just love smoking da weed and jammin
No way you rtards are actually buying 🍑

What the fuck is wrong with you people
What do you mean? Is it only going up from here?
They didn't wear wigs fool. Where the hell did you hear that? And the Trojans would get wrecked. The conquistadors are the legacy of the Romans via the Roman Empire.
I personally find world war one more interesting than world war two.
i always wonder how many theta gang people are straight lurking the daily. anytime theta gang is mentioned they come out of nowhere like batman and randy orton
I want a peach for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Long term lockdown could do some damage economically, but seems like FED has it covered anyway.... Tend to agree with you that sitting in cash for long time is missing opportunities. Pull out when you get a sign from the market, so far... nothign.
Yeah meant weapon wise.  Only thing is they didn't recognize the threat until way to late.  They thought they could use the Spaniards against their other native enemies.  Big mistake.  Spaniards were ruthless AF.
No! not if you're willing to pay child support 😆 🤣 😂 😹
As was mentioned below its frustrating there isn't a good place to talk about moderate-high risk, so WSB sort of inherits that conversation since the others are very heavy on avoiding drawdown or taking risk
Fuck you 🍉🍉🍉🍉🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍉🍉🍉🍉🍑🍑🍑
20-23rd is the date I saw
Fuck you I'll do it.

Think I won't? Fuck you.
>It was pretty clear that whales were manipulating the price to force any $45 calls they sold to expire worthless by end of day. It’s called pin risk, I suggest you guys look it up. 

Same thing happened with ZM today.
Not possible when your retarded
When is QQQ going to start marching through some new ATHs? I’ve triple topped my account like QQQ and weary of the moon/gape cycle
I’m good I prefer to remember her as the woman she was
Holy shit I just looked at the chart wtf happened
The Spartans would eat the Conquistadors for breakfast man. Also, Macedonians were bad ass. In general, most of Ancient Greece would fuck your shit up.
Bro go make fun of them cmon
Dammit. I only have 600 shares at 13 shoulda got more
Same. Lol. So lucky to have been born here and be able to trade options!
Screw 🍑. 🥝🥝🥝🥝🥝 gang knows whats up
I’m actually a PhD student studying Public Administration. I wrote a public policy memo on the projected macroeconomic effects of total student debt cancellation. 

By the way, total student debt is currently $1.7 trillion. The outcomes would be increased consumer spending, increase in GDP growth, creation of small businesses and more first time home buyers. Essentially it would act as an economic stimulus. By lifting that debt burden from the 45 million student loan borrowers, that is trillions of dollars which will pour into home ownership, starting businesses, buying goods and services and lastly - retail investing.

Edit: Just to be clear, Joe Biden is a moderate at best. The only democratic presidential candidate who proposed forgiving all student debt was Senator Bernie Sanders.
Beta
stfu. This is wsb
Really? The flight next week is revenue generating with NASA so there’s that
Saggy boobs or ban
That face...my fist is greatly drawn to it
INO is a covid vaccine play retard
That's not even funny anymore
What kind of a fuck calls options bs in an options thread
Weekly Nio and Li puts bought at open today printed hard af
The Muslims made the conquistadors tough as fucking nails, but MesoAmerican culture was only bronze age as far as weaponry goes. Everything else was advanced. The ONLY setbacks Anglos like to bring up (which is fair to do) is not having the wheel, excessive human sacrifice, and not having ships, just row boats. Seriously, they had everything: amazing architecture (look up Tenochtitlan on Google images), judiciary system with judges and lawyers and all, educational systems, written language... all of that stuff. This isn't no "WeWuzKangz" BS either. It wasn't barbaric at all besides the sacrifice part.
why should i give a shit about pltr?
Fuck if I know
The Fed would have to call the printer
Add me. We'll play next time my nigga
**FOLKS!! How do I get this BEFORE market close on Friday for fucks sake!**
Yeah, I think Australians smell weird, not a fan of um
You only lose if you sell. 
They will hit $60 just be patient and hold on tight.
He did notice me I guess 🚀
bruh
Triple top?
😬😬😬😬
BOXL and MARK on Monday? r/pennystocks are gonna lose their shit
Fiddy
Let them drown in their ignorance.
Looks like a heart monitor of a dead COVID patient
Allman Brothers Eat a Peach in 1972. I remember learning that the phrase “eat a peach” also meant cunnilingus. In its original form, it was pussy, but it’s now def ambiguous.
[deleted]
Fuccccccccked. Aus not sucking Chinese dick bad for exports. You can either have Chinese money or the moral high ground, not both
they also forget to mention that COVID is now a known variable, whereas it was very much unknown in March. 

the only things that would be going down from COVID are value, which are already still down across the board ~50% or more still from February highs, so they ain't going much lower than they already are
Ya just be careful with some of the food or you'll end up shitting your brains out
Conquistadors wore wigs bro. The Trojans would fuck those tranny boys up
Are you willing to lose it all?
She just another buffet, but this^^ it’s not to say ma won’t be reigned in on.
senpai notice me 😍
Yes. If you lost $10k, you could claim $3k in losses this year and deduct the other $7k from next year’s gains.
go off king
This is what makes CCL and the others huge gambles. They have no reason for still being in business, but you can't bet against them.
to get RH to unlock day trading, duh
No, the market forgot. It doesn't remember that everything should always go up
I’m reading a baba thread over at r/options and OMFG these guys are such pussies ass pussies, the guy is asking if his Jan $300 calls will be ok and the top comment is some dork calling options “bs” and to “not fall for it” as if its a fucking pyramid scheme...holy shit, was gonna make fun of both but decided to come back into the wsb hole and report back
I’m loading up on shares and calls on 🥨. Can’t go tits up
A $46b valuation. Lol.
The guy is completely crazy - it's insane.
I always thought that he was the cute autistic dude from next door after watching Big Short but THAT doesn't seem to be the case.
NIO is definitely a $60 price next year. There will be ups and downs along they way, but they will get there.
What are your thoughts on Australia?
Monday, the CFO is presenting at IPO Edge’s EV forum. Thursday, they’re presenting at Barclay’s Global Automotive conference at 4:05, right after close. I bet they’ll unveil their last mile delivery vehicle after hours.
This is assuming China remains China
Does spce have a launch next week? I’m kind of balls deep
7.50
The Dandies
Damn I really thought OPTI was a meme... This thing is really going to go 1000x though. The $2bn deal alone will accomplish the free cash flow and earnings multiples for a fair value of $5+, but this will be a stepping stone to even more multi-billion dollar contracts, the iWand is a game changer for COVID. And with Dr Drew joining the team, they must have some kind of plan so they can pivot to consumers after milking hospital contracts and when businesses realize they need them (e.g. restaurants to clean menus, stores to sanitize carts, etc) because it's way cheaper and eco friendly than buying thousands of sanitizer wipes/chemicals. This is going to be the one meme stock to rule them all
Because most of the country and especially boomers have all their retirement in the stock market, it's soon going to become politically impossible to stop propping up the market, if it's not already. We're going to prop up zombie companies that suck up all the capital and prevent new companies from innovating. all so that old people can continue afford a second home and cruise vacations.
300 dudes?
[removed]
You prick, you should be doing your own taxes and yolo what you save by not paying for an accountant.
I don’t fight the trend. I accept the market. Just trying to understand better
That’s how you get into trading idk who raised you but they got money
💯. Shit went crazy this week
Sir you're under arrest.
So many fucking dweebs on twits bragging about their low cost basis like it's a holographic Charizard and we're in first grade. I don't give a fuck how low your average is or how long you held boomer shares. I care only about percentage gains
Fuck pltr he just added FSLR. What the hell does he know that we don't.
NIO happened
IMO, the Conquistadors were the **bravest**, **toughest**, and most **masculine** men to ever exist on this planet. I want to hear other opinions though on what other group of men can compete with them (all time throughout history):
Morning wood
The only thing that matters in life is winning.
Don’t know if the pic is the current price or what you paid but you’ll need to open pretty high to be at least break even at open
Avoided it the last 2 weeks and finally said fuck it, anyone who’s still avoiding it is leaving money on the table

What’s your prediction EOW?
She's on her period
 🍆 futures mooning
ty ty. forward meaning can be carried into the following years?
So SPI still wins and only wins forecer
I knew it.
ahhh okay very interesting ty !
Macys Inc and Ross on Thursday.  Oof.
Off-chance it's flat.

edit: Buy the straddle. I'm not trying to change your mind.
Replace the N with an R and you're good to go
That's just it. There isn't much risk being seen currently. 

Fed has taken risk out as stated.

We got through the first lockdowns, and now may have a viable vax on the horizon in some record time, using mRNA to top it off. Also, the first lockdowns, we didn't know mortality rates etc etc. We now know this isn't as severe as previous SARS, just more persistent.

Even Trump seems to be slowly accepting his fate..in his own way.
What do you think PLTR is in a year?
can you do a ban bet so i can get excited
Up 50% since June 😎
What's a "stocker" and can I have one?
Tell Trevor to go kill himself
Pretty confident on my 🍑 calls, don't know why anyone would short them with the wicked div yield on offer
It doesn’t really need too much pump. When volume option flow fundamentals and TA all in sync
or or maybe it's because it ran up from $2 to fucking $53 and it just needs a little profit taking
CCP will do what is in its best interest economically, they have no oil of their own to source, so if ev is economical they will be the first to dump oil, at an unheard of pace.  10-20 yrs is a lifetime to wean off oil and the faster they convert the more they fuck up oil producers.  Oil may last another good 15 yrs but at the rate of development + gov involvement globally, oil is obliviate.
Meaning EU and USA both have large automotive sectors and to remain competitive with the world, they are subsidized and we push for advantageous trade policies with the rest of the world (low tarrifs)

America wants it's vehicles sold in EU, EU wants its vehicles sold in USA so our trade deals are favorable.

India for example, does NOT want EU or USA vehicles sold and has extremely high tarrifs. Almost 100% for luxury vehicles though it is less for commercial vehicles.

Chinese vehicle manufactures are starting to break out of china, but I don't really see it happening that soon in the future on a larger scale, especially to EU and USA
Could someone rephrase this for me please? I don't understand English
[deleted]
Funny part is markets missed the news about the very first post pandemic cruise already having covid outbreak
Sensible. Straightforward... Something of a rarity in EVB... I mean WSB.
then short them?
I went to a Goldman coral once when it opened here in Alaska. 

Should have burned the building down with everyone inside
Pull out game WEAK
Ur mum is #1 pump and dump of the year
For real, I’m about to drop a comment and convince this dude to bring his 6k a month savings over here with us, and actually have fucking fun for once in his life
Agreed completely. And I’ve lost so much on calls and puts from WSB $2100 I only make 40G A year so that’s a lot to me. (I know, smallstreetbets) but I believe in this shit. It’s China!? I’m going to hold till 2030 and hope to god it works out.
Got it. So why are you looking at this company and what kinds of catalysts are happenings monday and Thursday? Something specific to them or more macro events happening?
More weedlandish. Humboldt County is where it's at. Whole lotta seemingly homeless gypsy hippies. Cool place
Being pedantic comes across as snoody sometimes. But you never know. You might be correcting someone who actually wasn't aware of their mistake and appreciates the heads up.

Positions:

PUT on "irregardless"

PUT on "I could care less"

CALL on "Oxford comma"
WB Nephew
Were they involved with Lucken and Nikola stocks?
I've only this stock since late April and was up a grand total of 4% on Sunday, so I'm happy to see SOME MOVEMENT AT LAST!
I saw the 7% and bought some puts. Just couldn't stop myself
Make reverse moon a thing. Also those space suits look terrible.
Bubble will pop with or without stimulus. Everyone wants free money especially boomers as they likely won’t be alive when debt comes due.
Calls on Avaya.
Easily Kodak
They're a SPAC (special acquisitions company) that are called "blank check" companies that basically are ways of making private companies that want to go public to be able to go public in an alternate way to doing an IPO, which allows them to not have to hit certain qualifiers if they were to try to do list on the NASDAQ. 

I really don't know much about this, this is mostly from articles I've read, so please do take what I've said with a grain of salt. But here's an article that outlines what SPACs are and do: https://investmentbank.com/special-purpose-acquisition-company/
Correlation between  🍑 and  🍉 flipped negative :/
Considering Xi Jinping just struck down the Ant IPO, Jack Ma is kind of fucked.  I see it going down.
Exactly, the dude puts 6 fucking thousand in savings every month and lives like he’s on a 1k a month budget
This
I'm not gonna be able to look my accountant in the eye when I hand him 300 pages of options flailing for a net profit of -$1,263 next year
Ok, I fuck with it
sold nio 33p 11/20 for 2% on a 10 delta
Hmm, what is this' NIO' company reporting on Tuesday? I've never heard of it. It must be some obscure indie company.
premiums are stupid high on nio
Yeah its unnecessary.  Not like I made the US first world just won the lottery being born here.
ban
Atta boy
Get in while it’s hot. Should at LEAST hit 30. If we’re lucky autist we might have stumbled at an early lottery ticket and could hit triple digits long term. A lot of big firms are jumping on it now. I’m 2k in gonna put another 1k before it hits 20.
If Citron has its way
And this is exactly why the founders structured their voting rights the way that they did
Im in PLTR. We gucci
Explain what you mean please
I still believe him.  A big bubble is going to pop soon unless a vaccine is available.
If virgin galactic postpones their flight I will cry
There's just no yield in anything else and everyone is piling into the same equities, creating a feedback loop. There are deals out there but they're mostly in the Russell and not the SPDRs
Lol sure because Mr Left here is tanking a stock 50% off one article. Look at the news ahead! Will probably follow xpeng and li and pop for earnings and nio day is a huge catalyst as well. Low 30s high 20s is delusional. Get checked out.
I get you want money saved for retirement but like I'd rather live a good life with my money when I'm young then be some rich boomer seems boring as fuck.
Spanish colonialism.
dont yolo enough money on options to fit in WSB. dont sell conservative, diversified options to fit in theta gang

\#ThetaStreetGangBets
[deleted]
wait you're on this sub
Maybe it's different now but the last time they reached out to me the stock they were offering wouldn't be fuck you money unless it 20x'd at minimum. Salary was a nice bump though.
I'm Hispanic, so I'm automatically going to want to defend my people, but I can't deny truth: Yes, some Anglo colonies did turn out better. The USA, which I love, is obviously the greatest country to ever exist.
If she can golf at least badly, then yeah
Nothing wrong with some healthy fear. I'm long NIO (both shares and options).

While I'm ok if my options expire worthless on the 27th, I'd rather they don't.

NIO: 200 shares, 22c 01/22, 3x 60c 11/27
**TEAM NIO**
Ya but if he played disney correctly this week he could afford it and take the girl to ice cream.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Lawyers Answer Commonly Goog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtuJIR3-9wo) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtuJIR3-9wo)⠀►►⠀ 3:28 / 5:12 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
guys I met this dude in the street when he walked out of a Golden Corral named Trevor. Him and his mom told me that this company named Nikola was basically like SpaceX and I should buy shares. what do you guys think?
What is the other 30% of your portfolio in?
staged
No news is good news.
Yesterday was the day for it
Alexa play Lawyers, Guns, and Money
On Wednesday Fauci said within a week
Lmao I’m just fucking with all the nio fanboys on here

Holding 11/20 $49 calls I picked up before close
I know those are words in a sentence, but if tsla gets outflanked the stock becomes worthless. If NFLX doesn’t serve videos to every human on earth, they don’t realize their valuation.
Do your own DD
A family office does a lot more than just investing. Pays all your bills too, etc. Makes sure you manage your wealth well and not throw it all away.



Back in 2010-2012, I told this guy to invest his extra money in Netflix, Google, Apple, or just throw it in a tech ETF. And then in 2015-2016 I told him to buy some Shopify, Nvidia, AMD. 


All he did was buy fucking Zynga waiting for it to come back up. And RIM (Blackberry). How did that pan out.... 


He also bought Sprint waiting for a buyout. And Rite Aid waiting for a buyout. 




And this guy was buying in $250-500k lots too I believe cause Merrill Edge didn't allow him to buy all at once.  



He could've made so much more but he lost money in these trades. Sad.



He's still worth millions though but could've been a lot more.
Tesla needs to move all manufacturing to Texas.
EVs
[deleted]
Seriously. It’s tough to even visit WSB lately. So many are such mentally hilarious (retarded) fools have taken over that 99.999% is just trash
Not sure why this was downvoted...well actually I do know but still
Well she’s kinda thicc so that counts
Got
Have to have a wife first. 😭
start doing more cocaine
Tesla going to China is bullish for NIO because they can steal musk’s tech and be protected by the CCP
+160% on my calls this week. Meme shit lol
65k left what do I sell puts on
ha ha
Asked him where his tinfoil hat was since he actually believes that 50% of Americans believe the voting system is rigged.....

I find this to be actual DD to not touch GameStop.
This guy truly is the OG autist.
They might get big and stretched out by your wife's boyfriend but they'll never be as big as a yacht.
Im on the canadian side and i sold 30 contracts of 1/15 11c back last january and 15 contracts of 5p which i sold around june.  Looks like it will all end worthless but if it hits 11+ i wont complain.


(I have 3k shares for the calls or i average down)
$50 to charity. no one gonna help you when youre eating shit. leave the charity to the celebs
Buy BP
wsb should have an award for the best pump and dump of the year.
Don’t check futes bro
I mean it comes from “ass like a peach”
Fed took risk out of the market
Downhill lol
For two dudes.
🤫
Joe is from whatever city benefits the message he is trying to get across
I still own 30 shares of the regular stock for holding . Not trying to get too crazy on one company alone .diversify just in case ya know .
I’m going to open a position on Monday. I do like Soros and other big investors buying 15M+ shares each.
Subscriber counts dropped. I wouldn't count on big moves. That said, it's a buy <$500.
*pfizer has entered the chat*
How long have you been trading, post long term results
Remember a month ago how everyone in media including people like Cramer talked about how important stimulus is and without stimulus markets will crash, businesses including Airlines will fold, unemployment rate will shoot back up and there will mass civil unrest. Pepperidge Farm remembers
someone dm me wth 🍑 is
He's an autist, probably fills it with diesel.
Probably all you’ll be able to afford with those gains on Monday lol. Both those stocks mooning Monday don’t let anyone tell you otherwise, even yourself.
gg
Politicians start sucking dick at a billion? From what I understand, about 100k is enough to get started.
Nowhere :( in the same boat with an Xbox man
Looks like 🍑 is catching on here

I am closing my positions Monday morning and re entering 🍑 when the storm dies down
Yes. Far superior to dinner and a movie
Lol even in the first Jackass movie they complained how pussy the electric golf carts were and how it took an ICE one for Knoxville to fuck himself up with.
I didn’t see any at bed bath and beyond, and I triple checked
Yea bro make sure to lock in some of those gains. Seen some people posting 5 baggers from it this week alone. I went +160%. Good shit 🍑 gang
alright so who's  holding my NIO 33p 11/20 hoping for armageddon?
Did you call him out for being a dipshit?
You dove into the mind of a genius.
Holly Frontier gangb
🍉2.0
11/16 $363 calls :)
NIO calls. Hold through earnings
Why would the government wipe out the student debt....
Congrats and fuck you very much
Fellas, don’t be like [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/comments/jtutfs/i_feel_like_a_chump_for_investing_in_my_future_at/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
They probably took profits, that’s why it bounced
An expensive one..
or they could just us MRNA's which only needs to be kept at -4
[deleted]
Lmao God bless America
\-> Market goes down as a result
This is a casino that allows you to bet on red, go all-in on red boi!
You've marked this submission as an earnings thread. It's important that this is a valid "most anticipated earnings" picture so please delete it if you've messed something up and posted the wrong picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good game!
What do I do? Upvote because it confirms my position or downvote because TA? Sophies choice.
I get the idea that the confluence of interest rates and inflation do some funky things to stonk valuations. What I don’t get is that the market seems to be risk all the way on, pricing in the optimistic range of outcomes for just about everything. There are few deals out there even for the risk friendly. **what gives?**
Meme shit. It won’t end well.
Forecasting Low vol and slow grind up?
Goddammit I miss Chris Farley :((
Link to their 10-Q document: https://sec.report/Document/0001213900-20-036567/#f10q0920_hennessycapital4.htm

Link to their 425 document: https://sec.report/Document/0001213900-20-036552/#ea129765-425_hennessyiv.htm
Michael burry just blocked me on twitter 😍😍😍
Please give me some advice on how I can out accelerate everyone in my environment and job.
....?
That’s what I have calls on. 

91 contracts of 1/15 10c, 10 contracts of 1/15 20c (just going to sell when they go up a little bit, not planning on them being even close to ITM)
Even their spokeswomen for aveeno is a boomer.
Other than saying anything under 25 is a buy.... fuck why are you even here?
Wish i knew what 🍑 was but no one wants to tell me
when do you guys think MRNA's trial results news will drop? I'm trying to time my exit from tech and entry into airlines
“Moderna vaccine better than Pfizer”
I hate to be that guy but grammatically speaking, it’s couldn’t give a fuck.. I think. Can’t be too sure though, I’m a retard
Nah, you can roll real deep with 10-20k. 125k would be absolutely nuts
I gained bout $300 in a day but they pulled this shit putting all the gains from yesterday down the mfing drain
Its half of FAGMAN.  Or hell all of it.
Day trading has changed my life. For the worst but I love it
when will you learn, old man? tsla only goes up
Holy...
Holding puts over the weekend I feel like there is no news that can make the market go up
Give this man a fking raise!!!
Yes son
Honestly I was kinda down before I played 🍑 but now it’s looking bright just don’t get greedy
Thought this was a joke until I read the replies
Lol my 11/20 70 crocs may actually print
Just go gamble with you cock behind a Walmart
[what orange man has been doing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnnL9-_RHEY)
Mid 2021? Lol no. Not that long
No way
definitely not a cop is definite.
Oh, what's this? It hasn't disappeared?

I am shocked! Shocked and appalled! My dear bro arichnader assured me it would! This is an outrage!



Next time, keep your ignorant mouth shut.
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Ian Van Dahl - Castles In Th](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aa7KWLkzXc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aa7KWLkzXc)⠀►►⠀ 2:29 / 3:44 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
If I wanted to invest in electric cars then I’d buy a fuckin golf cart

NIO 11/20 $45p  TSLA 11/20 $400p
They just do
> nor America have any advantage to importing Chinese vehicles and will fight it

lol! I'm not sure what America you live in.
**Homer**:
Oh, twenty dollars. I wanted a peanut.

**Homer's Brain**:
Twenty dollars can buy many peanuts.

**Homer**:
Explain how.

**Homer's Brain**:
Money can be exchanged for goods and services.

**Homer**:
*Woo-hoo!*
Alexa play castles in the sky
Head fake. Amazon had crazy good earnings and people have gotten used to the convenience of online shopping. The growth of the rest of the tech sector has also benefitted Amazon because AWS is the global leader in cloud computing.

Buying the fuck out of it is the right move.
Dammit hope Monday’s not too late to get in on it
Just woke up, time to get this work out
Please tell me it's more than 1%,
You
This is the way
better not cuz my strike is 33
IWM is at ATH. None of this makes sense.
Translation get that boomer shit outta here.
[deleted]
There's a vaccine on the way. STOCKS ONLY GO UP.
Apha was up 5% today. Im guessing it goes higher. My 30k book value (like 18k market value) sure fucking hopes so.
Low 30s high 20s
Yeah holding since 9.40

What a fucken moron. God damn this dipshittery should be a capital punishment. 

I mean just on his stock he’s up almost 100% and let’s not mention the options... Jesus this guy must be the dumbest bastard on the planet.

Who in the fuck doubles their position, then ends with with 33 times their initial. A fucken moron. I wouldn’t pay attention to the guy that retired in a day
The fact that NIO is able to sell an EV more expensive than Tesla in China really says something about the Chinese perception of NIO. If you look at top luxury ICE car brands in China, all of them are Western. This is a major shift from the usual perception that Western brands are better than domestic and it bolds really well for the Chinese EV manufacturers. 

Back to quality, one of the major critisms for Tesla is their build quality and quality control are really poor. Xpeng and BYD make EVs cheaper than Tesla and reviews indicate the interior quality is better. I believe Xpeng collaborated with Porsche for the P7.
It’s a SPAC targeting a mature unicorn. They have like 4B in cash and can finance up to 6B, so they could potentially bring a pretty big company to market
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Kendrick Lamar - i (Official](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aShfolR6w8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aShfolR6w8)⠀►►⠀ 3:08 / 4:43 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
It's awesome
🍑 futures moooooooning
Still positive so far. Might sell and buy then further out
Alexa play I'm Going Home by Ten Years After.
This
vix will be back....to 12.
Great initiative. It may require maintenance but it could bring back good DD. At the minimum it can prevent baseless, low effort crap.

One caveat: the vote bot can be abused by people with the opposing view of the trade or by people that do not care about this sub. I've seen a lot of good discussions and DD disappear for no good reason.
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope.
The daily Covid count is all fraudulent bro. Dead people and illegals are getting Covid! Stop the counting! /s
Funny how we are pacing record number of Covid cases. If this thing was so bad people would be dropping like flies. The moment the news started reporting cases and not deaths I knew it ain’t that bad
Huh
What happened? Did everyone realize algos were scanning WSB?
I never made it to the last level of Bubble Bubble.
My jaw dropped a little when I saw this
Hey numbnut, NIO isnt a competitor to Tesla in the U.S. And they only sell half as many cars as Tesla does in China. Chill.

Tesla is going to have a dozen well-known competitors real soon that have nothing to do with China (Volvo, Mercedes, BMW, GM, Audi, etc). The day Tesla cares if I have enough money to make my mortgage payment is the day I will invest every penny in my account in them. Until then...
But you don’t understand this principle: practice leads to perfection.
Puts on everything.  Market is crashing soon.

QQQ 300c 11/20
On stock ya, not only 20 in but will continue to buy and keep riding for long term on those guys. Sell off if it spikes fucking hard I guess but still
No real time line but I’d bet either early 2021 or before year end. Some big hedge funds bought a lot of shares recently
You think itll work out?
Isn't Joe from Scranton, PA?
China is not in the international auto trade, they would first need to prove that they can meet european and american spec, as well as set up trade deals that would help facilitate that.

I wouldn't really count on it any time soon. Neither EU nor America have any advantage to importing Chinese vehicles and will fight it
Big if true. Long 🍑. Elon’s shorts ain’t got shit on 🍑 crocs
9.50c 12/11
EEM covered calls
Every SPAC is subject to predatory ambulance chasing lawyers like Weiss Law. They claim some bullshit like a valuation was too low, or too high, and expect a payout or delay the merger. The lawsuit is frivolous and would be thrown out.
This autist called the top. Gme new safe haven!
🍑 🍆
You need level 3 on rh. Just click the button and it should approve you since they approve anyone. Even an idiot like me.
I would say I'm that guy waiting for this to happen but surely ppl don't think it's going back to that kind of low... I think a lockdown we could lose another 30% but not the 50% and greater losses....
Bitch that dont make no sense. Why cant we compare fruit.
Damn you were serious lol. Ooof too scared to do this and get caught in a sting op
[deleted]
Welcome to the weekend 🌈
Lol 😂 maybe when I have a ton of money I’ll do that bro.
Imagine thinking March was a crash
Nope, I don’t think folks realize just how gargantuan this company is and how deep their hands run in all sectors of international government.   The iPo fizzled out but came guns a blazing with this first er, it may be sideways for a couple of weeks or pop right out the gate so I’ve got some 11/20 18/22 FDs but it’s certainly going much higher.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Lil Wayne - Piano Trap (Offi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZOjfbqjLdE) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZOjfbqjLdE)⠀►►⠀ 2:10 / 3:15 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Fisker is going to rip, fuck the haters with a big rubber dick for real. Share averaged at 11.15 holding until 30
Yea can’t let Goldman Sach’s and JPM’s scrapers figure out what 🍑 is
Middle American debt is in credit cards, medical bills, houses, and cars. With the exception of medical bills, those are mostly self-regulating via credit scores, interest rates, and the ability to discharge debt in bankruptcy. Student loans are different: since they can’t generally be discharged they don’t have the same natural check on over-lending. So even *if* everybody rolled their extra income right into credit card debt, they’re still probably in a better place long-term than had it been student loans, plus all those credit card purchases are one hell of a stimulus.
I’m pressing X
This will be exposed tonight lol
Alexa play Mahogany
Hope I’m not too l8 lol
[deleted]
Yeah it’s old news at this point.
It's a pop culture reference.
Alexa play Piano Trap
FUPA
I think is the smart move tbh, yoloing is an unnecessary risk imo, entertaining to watch here nonetheless.
[Link](https://whalewisdom.com/stock/psth?selected_quarter=78)


You can download the data in excel for easier viewing
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Lil Wayne - Piano Trap (Offi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZOjfbqjLdE) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZOjfbqjLdE)⠀►►⠀ 2:10 / 3:15 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
A major Covid spike is inevitable with school and holiday travel.  A major market crash is inevitable as people start running out of money.  All bubbles will pop unless there is a vaccine soon.  Buy puts.

SPY 400c 11/20
Nice 🍆
[deleted]
I care about whether or not it goes up, that’s it
Net, yes. You can carry forward losses too though
On my list to research this weekend:

Livent LTHM

Fluor FLR

Quanta Services PWR

And maybe BOTZ


It's going to be my first time taking a deeper dive in to tickers like this, and I figure it'll use some time effectively while also taking care of the finding for stock market action.
🍉 and 🍑 coming out with their own special Edition crocs
[deleted]
Why is SHAK going up with the rona going on???!
This aged like mill
Oh. I’m sorry bro 😶 well for you I sure hope it does!
[deleted]
It doesnt have to make sense, it just has to go up
Damn and I felt bad for not waiting till 10am to pull out
[deleted]
There's no memes there, just assholes telling you to dump everything on the S&P 500 index
hopefully before EDY, the anti trust regulations are just a power flex from the CCP, they would never try to undermine their own tech giants while Amazon gets unlimited growth
Hard pass
If you have a good play, do yourself a favor and either don’t tell anyone here or use code...

🍑🍑🍑
What’s the acronym for Federal Attorney General?
Not exactly helpful now now is it?
You mean good news? This means you qualify for disability checks
congrats man, i knew a pullback was coming at that rate but for some reason i didn't sell so I'm back to previous day levels :(
Stripe isn’t the only private company out there, and honestly the upside would be better for a small company anyways
Let's say you earned 18,000 dollars. And you lost 25,000 dollars. You'll have a net loss of -7,000. So you pay no taxes that year. In addition to that, you can also use 3,000 of that 7,000 in losses and reduce your annual income by that amount. So if you earned 50,000 from your day job, you only pay taxes on 47,000 for that year.
Doubt
shopify is over valued at 50x its current market value lol...

i'd say the only thing keeping this stock above $550 right now is the fact a lot of hedges have money in it
TBH I think the meaning is ambiguous, especially when she got that front-butt.
Interesting. What about the investigations into them about mishandling their "fiduciary duty" with the merger with Canoo? I saw they're expecting to do the reverse merger (?) In the fourth quarter and if they just made SEC filings, sounds like its close. What kind of catalysts are happening mon/thurs?
WHAT IS THIS STONK?
Stockx?
my portfolio is 100% dividend stocks, I'm trying to get passive income
why just start an ev company? why not start an electric aerospace company and get 5 times the market cap of boeing?
I hope my dontoo
It was under $10 for like 2 fucking weeks man, plenty of time to buy-in
Bag holder idiot
he literally got cucked by a tesla investor and has personal grudges against ev for that reason
Palantir calls for December is the only thing that I have to really hope 🚀🚀🚀 but as long as it doesnt drop like 7 dollars I'll be ok
It’s like 🍉, shits borderline illegal bro
Oh, I thought it meant pussy
[deleted]
Same
🐠r
Got it. SOLO calls it is.
Said I wouldnt....but yeah, me did. 🤡🤡
Fuck sake
Your good, roll them december 1st, just keep rolling
Exactly... apples and oranges.
Can anyone please tell me where I can buy a ps5 w my EV tendies?
This fool didn’t earn this meme
🤫
I love your username
Lol no Christ stay away from that dogshit I’m sayin things about to get nutty in general
Well I know that, but why is it *everywhere*
All I've been doing since I came back in mid Oct is playing with small positions but still making 4 figures on my plays. locking in gains, ignoring fomo, discipline about taking profits. It's a mental game but once you get a handle on it. You start making better decisions.

completely different then just holding like I did in march. The bears that are left from back in March imo have evolved to smart bears and bulls in the now have no clue. just buy and hold because JPOW held their hands all year.

also says alot when all the bulls here have never heard about Citron before today. WSB currently reminds me of myself when I was naive, ignorant, and full of fomo when I first started back in 2018
All ev’s are effectively simping off Tesla like alt coins to bit corns... just get some 🍑
Well??
I love how citron downs ev and then says “buy hydrogen stonk” which I agree with I think hydrogen stock aka plug fcel are good companies and have potential but I figured they would have skyrocketed today along with evs downfall.
Well, somethings going up...*not in a good way
sorry man, i lost so much last week and was thinking about quitting too, just ignore my negative energy and make sure u keep ur money, very easy to lose
It's an emoji commonly used to represent *ass.*
US uses Dollars=$ as its currency symbol and the UK uses Pounds=£ as their currency symbol
She bought some and sold some Past two weeks. Still holding lots of shares.
It won’t be long before they figure out how to make them cheaper then it’s over. I think the majority in China will buy the Chinese vehicle.
It’s neither of those
Turned 🌈. Every individual on this sub is now 🌈, and I mean every one of them.
Do you think 50 is a possibility in two weeks
Been at work all evening, the fuck is up with 🍑?
[removed]
This is solid DD, buy AMD everyone.
[removed]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** AMD vs Every Company

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtwfa8
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtwfa8) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Sevenmilefragrance, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
prplput
Potato-snitch
Southern_Daisy
bmaw604
Acer87
EatMeatPeeps
GoldenKaze
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
It’s neither. Jesus Christ. This why 🍑 gang hasn’t said anything this week. Kept quiet and made a shit ton of money
Check out the New Market Wizards.

There are lots of books on the topic, and I wish I had a bigger list for you (as I have a ton of books, just not on this device), but that one stands out.
I respect your opinion, but china dumbfuckery is already priced into baba. The ccp flexed anti monopoly rules because Jack ma overstepped. However, they want a booming tech sector and won't jeopardize that because of some shenanigans. Baba to the mooooooon
damnnn thats wildddd, howd u get in so low
NIO is the Tesla of Asia/Europe... all hands down
We should have just stayed part of the empire
Go big or go home
It's definitely going higher
on stock? u have 50 in there or somn?
Hasn’t PLTR run enough already? Up 60% in no time!
[deleted]
Tesla doesn't make public transportation. You can't compare the two
Nio dropping back to 30?
Oh
I definitely don't think it will fall below the strike price by 11/20. But I am hopeful that SPY will begin to reflect reality more accurately after state closures begin to domino as a result of 183k cases per day over the weekend. As long as it goes down next week I'll profit and sell pretty quickly within the week
Crazy yinz haven’t been pumping chargepoint yet honestly.
Cathy wood sold her shares bro
You just need a can’t go tits up kinda play to get your dander up
yeah i think the more worrysome thing for me is that TSLA is already destroying their china sales numbers in china and they slashed the prices in china. Why would anyone buy a NIO when they can buy a MODEL Y for 20k less? Tesla is taking over the EV game
Imagine I could predict the future 🙈
Until it's FDA approved i doubt you'll see a surge, as it's dead money in r&d with no finalized product. Even if it doesn't get much on manufacturing, licences should make them a mint, but not until then.

I'm buying now as their dividend is decent and there's a good chance it'll pick up before the end of the year.
Think 200k/day is the covid cap or are we going full infection?
Bruh i was in at 13$ and thats not even "low low" ... but i feel your sentiment
Jeez why everyone selling Amazon rn is it true that it heading to 2400? Fuck imma buy the shit out of it
this weekend*
Idk why but this made laugh
What the fuck happened to this subreddit
i mean then all big tech would return to ath, and everyone would make buttloads
Anyone watching FE? I know there is going to be movement if the SDOH goes after them for the bribery scandal. But how much more can it fall?
wait okay .. for taxes.... u can only lose up to 3k to count as losses? or am i misinterpreting something
👉🏽🍑
its FSR
Haha I didn’t get burned by nio I exited two days ago. But hella perceived losses up until today’s slaughter.
Took my 70% [ez profit](https://imgur.com/a/IInJ23y)
Longer versions. Going to blast this in my car to pump myself up on my way to my job at Arby’s.

All I know is it’s the sound of money. Not sure yet if it’s money being lost or made...

https://youtu.be/NUYvbT6vTPs
[deleted]
Yeah dude just follow the flow™
Im guessing in relation to the vaccine News it started pumping?
19c 12/18. What you think?
Nah if you’re going to do some Yoloing it’s baba, rkt, pltr stonks not dkng there is just far too much competition in that’s space it’s not like they bring anything new to the table.
[deleted]
The pump duo 😔
British colonialism.
I'm not sure what you mean, you trying to avoid bots scanning the thread?
FIST ON CHEST, NO FEAR✊🏿🍑
Strike? You’re probably gonna be rich dude.
[deleted]
Fucking Deutsche, up to shady shit as always
Google Amazon and Fb are here to stay. You don’t have to join some startup. Even the the worst case is you still have a comfortable salary. Best case is fuck you money.
CTRN doesn’t even have any volume wtf are you guys talking about
https://lichess.org/05vXExCe
Mamacita Yellen might be back.  Leaps it is
It’s been an emotional roller coaster with spaq/fisker
holy shit wagie bro better go beg for that burger flipping job back
Lol see one of my other posts about how I already considered this move several days ago when I saw it starting 🌝
Tech gonna stay flat til mid 2021. The bull run after the march crash was ridiculous.
Aye NIO pre orders cancelled and switched to Honda Civics
And money supply higher and prices higher.
Dividend stocks have a false sense of security in them. They can fall and/or cut dividends (and fall even harder)
Fake news to cause panic. Most recent article on China Daily was 10 days ago and it emphasized growth. [https://newssearch.chinadaily.com.cn/en/search?query=nio](https://newssearch.chinadaily.com.cn/en/search?query=nio)
Effin’ Disney
My record against wsb today was 10-10-2

I’d say I’m pretty average
Da constitooshin overrools the rools of consil 

https://youtu.be/AVW9_ieM14s
🍑 and 🍉 UNITE
Do you think CCP will upgrade all of its public transport vehicles to EV, with their own mandate being clean energy vehicles by 2035 or whatever it was? Do you think CCP is going to care how much they cost and if that costs more the Tesla?
You can tell he is a little bit older and opened an RH account with 1 holding so he can fit in wtb here at wsb
Hey me too! Call brothers! I'm completely bag holding at the moment, unfortunately. Rolled some previous November call gains and bought at $3. Been a nervous ride, but I'm confident in the end result. 💎🙌
this would be amazing for my small put position. it would print bigly
[deleted]
[deleted]
VTI?
I’m making it IT
God bless the internet- bringing all of the greatest minds of investing to this subreddit
Lol how do you all not realize 🍑= FIT 1/15/21 8$????  So obvious
Ahh not really a fair game then! You’ll probs beat most wsb’ers though
[deleted]
Way before year end all we need is tech to stop being gay
Trust me I think I would know what it means

Dont buy a stock because you see a 🍑 in a random chat
I have the files
Stock tips from Grandpa.
Excel sheet formula for WSB confirmed.
🍑
I recommend not using Robinhood. It's designed to make you want to buy and sell on impulse. I make money by not reacting to my dumbass emotions. it's important to not react emotionally to the market and instead to have a plan and follow it. Like the time I bought PLTR. Around $8.90 and then I fUCKING held it. And then guess what these idiots in the summer like oh my god! so what did I do I sold some ass peak and then bought my shares back and then now I'm sitting on some cash and the same fucking shares that I had and guess what my money's working for me, instead of me being a  tool and being sad that I sold like an idiot. Get off Robin Hood
Ok boomer...

Hear me out ... 🍑🍑🍑
There’s no way it’s not what I think it is. Someone literally posted a break out price target and it’s literally a few dollars away from what I think it is. And the emoji on top of that is a dead giveaway.
He ain't too old for an ass whooping! 😤
Same. My Roth got SQ and ROKU calls, it dying.
What's great is seeing retards complaining about NIO and now not even a day later cumming in the pants FOMOing into 🍑.
$20k in at $15

I expect it to go much higher

But I just started my career this year so I’ll be funneling some more in each paycheck 😳
Chinese people don’t even drive Chinese cars LMAO

🍑🍑🍑 gang rise up
NVDA is going to crush its next earnings, and the ARM deal is only going to help (going forward), especially considering that the Apple M1 chip is based on ARM. That said, I don't love NVDA at its current price.
BABA is going back to $300 before the year end. Easy money.
like 800-1000
This times 💯
Hear me out..... Johnson and Johnson. JNJ
I learned that my mind is not good at estimating my risk tolerance.
One thing I noticed is that the March crash has really gave bears a false sense of doom and gloom surrounding COVID and they don’t understand that something like that happens every 20+ years stop trying to catch the next crash and just follow the flow of the market
Masters going into the weekend 🍑
https://youtu.be/5FIViMSeigM

Tell me that doesn’t remind you of a certain company in it’s early days
Average is around 1350 on chess.com. You?
Nah this ain’t it chief lol
The ultimate duo✊🏿🍑🍉
Mullets are back in bro
🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉 FUCK YEAH 🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑
Hope you have more cash to average down in case. Just don’t panic sell. Some dude on webull said his coworker bought 2,000 shares at the top today ($53), and panic sold at $42 and lost $22k in a matter of hours.
Too much NIO stuff... kinda weird
You should, and just remember, it hurts less if you just relax your asshole.
[deleted]
Hey, how many shares do you hold and what is your entry price? Im holding a 1200 shares and avg price is 49 so im deep in red.
Fakeass company

Invest in 🍑
I followed the huge call options on flow algo Monday. Went +160% while you slap dicks got burned by a Chinese EV company. 🍑 Gang
Privately owned unfortunately
NIO puts
Y'all ever consider that NIO might be flat for the entire week?
Xi says drop. stock drops. That's what you get yourselves into messing with China stocks. We been telling you retards all week
I don’t think 🍑means what you think it means
$60
Depends how much you put in.... I'm hopign PLTR makes me 100k
keep ur eye on INO, all she needs is a PR for fda halt being lifted and this thing moons again

$INO
It’s like mixing a VSOP with red bull
What’s that
F@g detected
Yep me too. How much are you in?  


I'm 50k in shares at 10 bucks lol
rating?
eat less
Why not 🍉🍑
that only applies to the house, so as i said, even 200k in the midwest you ain't gunna be buying lambos and yachts. just a way nicer house than if it were in california.
Oh shit lol a ticker gets traction in the matter of minutes here. Dumb volume on 🍑 Monday morning.
Yezzir🍑 BIG 🍑 energy this week. Went +160% on my calls this week. Expect another big week next week as well
[deleted]
"We about done with this bitch."

-DJT probably
December calls. I should be ok?
Anything available, glad it’s obvious after my gay post
It seemed to find decent support around $41. Rode puts down from $50 but it seemed like a reasonable time to take a modest long position.
Stop snitchin
Fucking dead. So accurate.
Screw 🍑 I’m buying calls on 👱🏿‍♂️
guys, a gang of bears with slicked back hair and fucking leather jackets are gathering outside my house

should i be worried?
🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
[deleted]
It’s a etf...
Might as well of asked what’s money
In fairness I'm just looking to flip these for a profit
Could’ve bought 13k shares of NIO at $20 a pop instead, retard.
The best kind of tard
Fuckin hate not being able to refresh stock prices every two minutes during the weekend. This is a fucking addiction
Yeah you think clothes hangers are called close hangers you truly know what you’re doing 😂

E: nice spelling edit, you WalMart shopping hick
🍑= FSR
You heard it here first.
The amount of people that can't read here...I guess I shouldn't be suprised
Lol. So succinctly defined. Well done sir.
Whtchu drinkin tonight brotha?
I mean it, I hope you end up rich as fuck. I need my SPY 400c to print too
Ah the mating call of the retard.
go for it. make sure you post your loss porn after
I'm game if you're still playing
Lol I had it right, just wasn't 100% sure. I took the loans 12 years ago so I don't care the difference, I just know I'm still trying to pay those bitches back
Any chance weed stocks pop again between now and inauguration?
🍑 gang here?
Cum Dump Obligation also know as a CDO is a complex structured finance product that is backed by a pool of hot steamy Federal Reserve Chairman Cum that is sold to institutional investors
Till the juice runs down my leg! I’m in. 💎 🖐
Haha I was gonna hop in a few days ago just to fuck around but talked myself out of it when I started considering sales and shit should in theory be down due to most live events being canceled and I figured that prob made up a pretty good chunk of revenue...guess I was wrong
people are really retarded 😂
NIO is not sold everywhere yet like Tesla is so that’s likely to change. Not sure if it’s legitimate comparison even though I just made it off the cuff. I didn’t put it in a research report.
DA WAE!💯🍑
I like to think of it like shooting, once I pull the trigger it’s over and I wait to see what happens. No sense in messing with the position just cause I can. Also there are so many other companies to assess, why would I spend time continuously reevaluating a decision I already made. It ends up being not that boring because I’m always on the lookout for new positions, a good buy doesn’t come along every day, they’re pretty rare and not all the things I think are a good buys are a good buys(ie:Corona spy puts)

Thank you!
💯
I don't get trying to blend cars with this country club for owners, fashion and points thing. It seems so schlocky to me
I’d trade him 400 shares of brkb for his one share of BrkA any day of the week.
Some of y’all are cool as shit. Some of y’all are gayer than aids. I still ❤️ all of you retards, even if you think I’m a fuck, which I definitely am 🥰
Where is the dude saying China Daily was reporting Nio was inflating production numbers?  Sauce?
This is the way.
💯
Best option play planned for the week??? Go
650!
Plus it’s likely any vaccine announcement will come on  a Monday morning, so it might just be a gamble or hedge against tech stocks
Somebody Please DM me what  🍑 is
I’m already up 160% bb
Palantir will make me a millionaire
These cars are straight up retarded
True. I would probably just farm a bit.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mods stickying an attempt at a gamma squeeze on a overvalued chinese pumped stock that's gone up 2200%?  Brave.  Must be holding some pretty big bags to be this desperate.
65’s a bit rich I’d have done 60’s. Good luck tho, VPOC was weak Friday and barely broke balance. It’s really a toss up on Sunday if we go to 3600 or back to 3550

The 400s very rich. They’ll be hurting Christmas to New Years
[deleted]
I’ll never learn my lesson with AC games... I always think ‘Damn, I get to explore the fuck out of ancient ____?! That should be dope!’. Then it is kinda dope until the gameplay becomes stale af after repeating the same 3 missions 1,000 times. Smh, waste of $60. Welp, time to fire up Cold War. Or maybe this free roller coaster game I got, seems kinda cool tbh.
Lol well one guy posted the price it was trading around so I put two and two together. I figured it had something to do with Georgia and found the ticker around the price.
Retirement doing what? I mean I would be cool with it, but some people want to retire riding 50 ft yachts to parties around the world. It all depends on the lifestyle.

Also, did you forget what sub this is my man? YOLO that $2.5 million on $TSLA calls all day.
I’m a swinger. Sold early fri, rebought at a decently low spot in the last big dip. Will watch & decide whether long or not. Depending on china’s support, citron’s further success/fail & how my boomer stonkz move on Mon.
That's not a rumor among anybody following the story closely. We already know that there are only the two pilots (MacKay and Sturckow) on this flight, and nobody else. (There will be a NASA science payload.) There will be four as-yet-unnamed employee passengers during early Q1, and Richard Branson, who is no longer CEO, will fly near the end of Q1.
We still got time to buy puts, cramer hasn't started talking about not seeing his family for weeks and having stacks of prime boxes pile up at his door.


Going to be buying puts next week for June I'm thinking
Fuck it, going all in on  🍑 calls Monday morning
Curse is real
This guys is retarded don’t listen
China won’t let this slide, that man is fucked
seems like a huge sell the news, we already got one vax pump and it sold off, now we are pricing another one before the announcement
People just have to check your comment history and they know. Good ol city trendz
No you’re just not noting your errors and creating new protocols every day on paper. Being high will help u look at the graph all 6 hours, and you’ll make other mistakes that will benefit you greatly. Dumb your brain so that your caveman can wreck some mammoths and when the day comes your not high your civilized brain can still take down mammoths.
[deleted]
🍑🍉🍑🍉🍑🍉
“Customer service was terrible. How do I fractionally short?”
I agree with 30mil. Politicians and business leaders on call way before the billion dollar mark though
Yall shouldn’t have started spamming tho cuz a hater is ab to expose it in the next ten min
he actually says in his report lol. TSLA is at 9x sales, NIO at 18x sales
I made a [meme](https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/comments/jtw597/this_meme_is_also_market_manipulation_now_go_get/) about Citron market manipulation but it was removed ... I wonder why
I don’t need one when I can get a pack of hangers at Walmart for like 5 bucks
Breh. I know. Im trollin.
Please take my up vote OP
General Secretary Xi will drive NIO to tendie town.
Wow can tell you did some D-Day level planning on this one.
Leaps + selling weeklies to retards is my middle name
Nah bruh lol this ain’t it chief
I bought both but hell yeah 🍑 gang
i wud nut
It's still 1k deaths a day. Agree though, it's much lower that spring was as treatment is much better now. 

The big issue with cases going up is hospitalization. If hospitals are overloaded, even simple situations can get serious. Non covid related emergencies become a problem too.
NIO call holders can pitch in money to hire an assassination on that Citron cuck
Yeah at Wendy’s
There are some people out there that are. I'm still doing well. Nothing great but not complaining, only got leaps for 2022
💯💯💯
I don't get how you can somehow make that much money.. yet you have no idea how to invest it to stay wealthy.. like seriously. I would have no problem managing a multi-million dollar family portfolio.. noooo problems at all..
Same bro praise 🍑
I’ll try..... just need a doll and a chicken head
Plot twist it's treasury stock
Maybe Monday since a lot of people saw the price drop significantly and figure now is a decent time to get in, but I doubt after Tuesday unless it drops all day Monday.
🍑 the new 🍉
Agree. Options all day.
Where are we going? To get ice cream?
It was
Leave and never come back if you like having money.
🍑 GANG WHERE YOU AT? Thank god we bought 🍑 and not NI0 this week
Thanks, I did the mullet myself
[deleted]
Today a lot of covid stocks took a hit and travel stocks like AAL, CCL, DAL bigly green days. Moderna and Inovio (kinda) showed growth. Fucking SPY is up. I think we’re getting another vaccine rugpull on Monday. Follow the money.
NIO predictions for next week
I sold 3 Nov 27 covered $42.00c for $8.00ish .... I had an entry with an average below $10... profit time to take my money and go home.
Same here brother. I thetad some cash out of them as Wall street bets was pumping them to 16+ nice and ez 150$ for sitting on my ass.
NIO 100 is the new MU 90
What about days you lose money?
Got 4p 11/20 SPXS for 2 bucks a pop. I’m gonna see how or if those print
CCL $20 on Monday
Citi trendz. Based in Georgia 🍑
Moon
Lost a shitton of money on NIO but gonna make it all back on 🍑🍑
200% and not selling until they become the emperor of china
we’ll see Monday 👀
Lmao all these people who don't know 🍑
Nah this bigger than Nio bb
The market "fillet"? As in chicken fillets? That's a kind of tendie isn't it
Will be different when all the fund managers jump ship.
Dude I just want to enjoy the loss porn.  Please don't attach a depressing story about the wreckage those screen shots cause thank you.
can you make it rain extra hard in AZ please
58 by tuesday
Pretty sure Left watches this sub. I’m sure he’s watching now like a little bitch. Notice how this time he couldn’t find any dirt on the target. Just said it’s overvalued. That may be true but how overvalued is Tesla?
It wouldn’t matter most those people that would get their loans cancelled would just go out and get into more debt because that’s the sad reality of middle class American citizens.
You have a very nice haircut. Did you do it yourself?
It’s what zero pussy does to a mf
They don’t call em FDs for nothin
Dm me what🍑is and I’ll give you some tendies. Promise I won’t tell!
Just because you’re too poor to afford one, and so fat you don’t use one, doesn’t invalidate a business.
I mean everything up and down. Calls today even 2 months out were still up while it was still 3-4% down for a while this morning.

February I believe was stable.

But the whole offer is fucked up and down. Strikes 20% OTM are worth like 60% of at money prices. IV needs to chill the fuck out for a second for everyone's sake.
Didn’t get
Let’s fuck?
You have very low personal risk tolerance
ohhhh shiet
Lmaoo bruh that ain’t even me
35
I regrat quitting burger king when I made 300 dollars on that spike earlier this week. i thought if i coudl make 300 dollars every day I wouldnt need that shitty job so I told my manager to go fuck herself.  Is it really that hard to do every day? I want to make 300 dollars while im on the couch in the queue for an xbox game
Please automod come back
Young adults don’t give a fuck anymore. They know they will get it and be fine.
They're usually separate live type of threads. You can replace reddit with "reddit-stream.com" and keep the rest of the url the same for live comments

Also, check out the reddit wiki on live threads for more info. https://reddit.com/r/live/wiki/index
I did. $55 !!
Citron is so obviously doing a short position with their stupid reports.

2016 Citron: Tesla is a 100 dollar stocks at best hue hue

now look at tesla 20 times of that in 2020 after a split.
Fuck you I ain't selling shit
Me too
China market is basically normal right now. Also keep in mind they outsource the production of vehicles, so ramping up isn't quite as slow as other manufacturers. Personally I'm skittish on the stock, but started buying in at 23 to 28 because the thing just runs
Me. I got gas, wax, carts, edibles. Whatchu need homie?
I have good ol fashioned shares my dude.
Aww fuck
Don’t tell em I don’t want my calls to get WSB cursed 🤫
[deleted]
Try it sometime. The thrill of seeing your return go from +100% to -95% in 5 minutes is exhilarating.
i've seen way more white dudes from norcal use the word hella than korean dudes.

what's weirder is that they're usually transplants from bumfuck nowhere midwest.  

Or as I like to say: "Norcal Hella Sucks."
Theyre priced so you shouldt be able to unless u have a 12ms connection and an algo doing it.
Citi trendz based in Georgia hence the peach
Just set your stops immediately but it’s 🤑
Ah did not know that. SoulCycle have a ticker?
Anyone play Brawl Stars? Pretty fun phone game
Jonny Tsunami predicts a wave of men coming to take my girl once she figures out I’m using her dad’s money to fuel my gambling addiction
Fuck the weekend, I wanna be compulsively checking futures and knowing if I’m making money or not
lol

[https://chess.org/play/c4626c1a-1156-466a-8554-8860ef26bbaf](https://chess.org/play/c4626c1a-1156-466a-8554-8860ef26bbaf)
Santa rally?
4pm ET
Did Left ever pay his HK$1.6 million fine for his misconduct?
That was such a satisfying win
Hmmm...
Citi trendz bro get in before it’s too late
PLTR Chi-Coms Globalist Confirmed.
reddit-stream.com  ....ur welcome
Can’t do that bruh
Citi trendz
No such thing as cheap puts. Long dated are very expensive. You have to time it just right with puts, or else you get fucked.

I bought December XOP puts right before close.
PM sent
Teach me
It's a joke
Citi trendz based in Georgia
How does one hedge and prepre to take possible advantage of this downturn, oh wise one?
[deleted]
What’s nio ending at Monday
Citi trendz dawg
DM me what 🍑 is I won't tell anyone
Wow Cathie must not have read the fine print.  Shit I hope she doesn't leave but she got played.  What was she thinking trying to cut Resolute out?  Some Steve Jobs with Apple the first time kind of shit.  [https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/b1p7fxpzylxgr5/A-Minority-Stakeholder-Wants-to-Take-Control-of-ARK-Cathie-Wood-Is-Pushing-Back](https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/b1p7fxpzylxgr5/A-Minority-Stakeholder-Wants-to-Take-Control-of-ARK-Cathie-Wood-Is-Pushing-Back)
[deleted]
All ARK funds were up today? Although they got beat up earlier this week
Ok 1 more let’s do it
[https://chess.org/play/c4831be1-269a-41b0-9a79-39ee5d74b8df](https://chess.org/play/c4831be1-269a-41b0-9a79-39ee5d74b8df)
WSB let’s go
Dm sent
My witchcraft is working 2 new lockdowns babe my Netflix calls going to print
Sonos Arc or Beam. Not Playbar.
Shut up retard
Agree but I'm someone who was around during the dot com bust. It still haunts alot of people my age
third times the charm
Goldman Sachs just downgraded bears to "r fuk".
I actually bought CRSR $40C Feb 19th 2021 expiration when it dipped a few days ago. Been diamond holding 135 shares since it IPO'D. Its only going up.
🍑 the new NIO
someone tell me VIX will be back🥺
You mean out of the money. My feb calls basically just traded for intrinsic value plus 4 bucks indefinitely
Nah. Rotation into HCAC. After hours and warrants are telling. SEC filings yesterday. Catalysts on Monday and Thursday.
Ohh. Haha but what’s driving that? With live events and shit mostly canceled.
You’re no Elizabeth Harmon that’s for sure
What's wrong with reddit not able to implement live comments on PC?
My brokerage app is my favorite casino
>:)

:)
Do we think NIO is going to run up mon and tue?
Are you kidding me?

We’re going to get to herd immunity without a vaccine, unbelievably bullish
upgraded what
I m also looking to buy 2 drugs. Hookup a bro.
yes DEA this guy right here
[deleted]
Yea I'm fresh off a 3 day lol. I now know one word that will net you a ban for sure
:)
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah I’m hoping NIO bounces back like nothing happened, but we will see
Spy triple top forming?
[deleted]
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=keuhmY3tQ1A
Yes
Rounding change to fractionals. I like it.
That's genius, you should start a business on this and give us stock so that we can all be rich.
Please note soros will hold through your calls that expire next week.
Everyone and their mom seems to be banking on SPY 370 next week because delta looks aggressive on SPX orders lol. Good luck sleeping this weekend.

You might have a chance bud.
You and me both.
ARKK price growth looks too similar to peleton, something is fucked up.....
What’s Palantir
Companies do do that you see few companies advertise themselves in CNBC as a way of increasing their exposure to investors and not promoting any product.
[deleted]
Imagine if you rounded up and took your change and bought fractional charges with it
$450K loss porn.
Watching it now as a 40 year old my wife and I just keep saying "no no no" and "danger danger danger" but as the 17 year old me had a huge crush on my HS calculus teacher I am rooting for the kid lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s ok. You’ve come to the right place. Here’s what you gonna do. Monday morning you sell that bitch ass single sad share and invest your gains into whatever option play has the most retards talking about at the time. You’re welcome.
Oookay "not a cop"
No they went up but there was also the SoftBank fuckery so everything tanked after.
Haha i was bearish on it bc of live events being limited/canceled. What’s driving their sales besides grocery stores?
A company is exercising options to take majority control of ARK
You would have \~18 million if you bought faang, actual fuck you money.
DM me what 🍑 is plz I promise I won't tell anyone
Buy puts!
They partnered with Variis to put out an at-home bike to compete with the peloton.
Very brave. I definitely hope you are right!
Dark web.
How about a liter?
the use of the word hella is hella annoying. u sound like a korean dude from cali.
Yes and no.
Wat
Ban
It means you’re a good man, and I wish the best for you.
We can say mods like to lick cock
QE only drives interest rates down, which can’t go lower.
HMJI
Don't you have to leave the house for SoulCycle? Or are they doing the bike with an iPad thing?
Anyone know where i can purchase a kilo of coke? Im located downtown los angeles. send me a pm.
Walmarts should be able to sell fractional shares at their checkouts. 

“Ma’am would you like 1/100 of a Walmart share with your purchase today for only $2?”

It’ll drive up the stock price and everybody wins.
PUSSY!
Wut he sed
[deleted]
Lol imagine thinking fundamentals matter
Just go to lichess's website and click "play with a friend" 

It'll give you a link that you friend clicks to play
!remind 5 minutes
people will sell their chinese ev stocks to fomo in to TSLA next week
Cum Dump Obligation also know as a CDO is a complex structured finance product that is backed by a pool of hot steamy Federal Reserve Chairman Cum that is sold to institutional investors
id be scared to get robbed lol plus inbtheory its illegal where I live
That’s why I let my wife be in charge of my trading account
Xom is on my watchlist lol.
This is the way. That's why for the first time in my life I'm gonna be a share man and cover with puts and ride with calls on swings, and keep feeding back into shares this just feels like a good play. 

China is gonna get real territorial real fast when the EV sector starts exploding and international companies starting shitting out self driving battery $10 cars like lattes, Tesla just got in the market and sucked dick fast enough.

One other sleeper people aren't thinking about RE China is Volkswagen, they are the biggest selling company in China and are getting ready to hit EV hard next year.
I think so, I’m not sure though. I need somebody to tell me I’m retarded before I actually fuck around and do it
😔
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN
You should watch it it’s pretty chill
I sure hope so...?
G fuckin g bro you’re mad nice with it
Congrats you just bought XOM and GE 10 years ago.
Honestly I think that’s conservative.
LOL
citron is controlled opposition. they give investors a reason to dump on you peasants
But look at death toll (even it trails a week it hasn’t increased that much) I do think more cases is due to increased testing and more young adults getting it. Also there have few questions about false positives from rapid testing (see Elon’s tweet).
No you’ll be fine. NIO is going to the moon next week
Post COVID, people will no longer want to use public transportation. A subscription that includes the vehicle, insurance, maintenance and charge credits in one flat price would be very attractive. 

Unfortunately, the waitlist would be full by then. The first year is projected at 10K units, and signing up today will put you somewhere already 10K+.

🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
ok so looking over the amd and nvda 6 month chart they seem pretty identical, so if nvda has good earnings and moons it should carry amd with it, cool.
Oh?
[deleted]
If you lost your money on NIO today, you can make it back on 🍑 next week. Thank me later
Soul cycles been around for awhile. It’s been a cult wayyyy before peloton
$500/hour might need to check for a weenie
The vagina it seems
Ugh...I just don't have the balls
What's your play? When did you buy?
Less operating costs = more tendie
Tesla has been a stable stock, so buy some strangles because this shouldn't be the case.
Because that won’t make their company perform better, then their stock will go down
aight I’ll bite what’s 🍑
MJ
Exactly!
If Monday is red, I'll get calls
I’m not reading this shit, imma to buy some TSLA calls
I mean they could definitely go either way but it but it’ll bounce off support not too far from where it’s at. Imo
Some bitch was telling me the Soulcycle bike is the new wave and the Peloton is old news.  Puts on PTON.
Spy would've been the better bet
Can somebody seriously explain why I shouldn’t just buy hella cheap SPXS puts and wait for the index to decay. I know I’m gonna sound like a retard, I just need someone to explain it for me
[deleted]
Yeah my entire portfolio was Apple for years and years.. too bad Wall Street wasn’t treating them fairly until recently
[https://chess.org/play/7647067a-0bab-4c2c-9811-b075e652a96f](https://chess.org/play/7647067a-0bab-4c2c-9811-b075e652a96f)
I many contracts. Couple expiring 11/20 all the way to 1/22. I will roll out and up as my price targets hit.
Branson about to make it rain.
I'm such a pure little virgin, my brokerage literally just approved option trading today (thank fuck). 

Wish I could buy a shit ton of calls now, but I'm too retarded to understand Limit Orders, so I'm going all in with Market Order calls first thing Monday morning.
Probably some senior software engineer for a tech company in the bay area.
[deleted]
Hey dick I read the title and it gave me aids fuck you.
I've heard that as well.
if the next generation ends up dumber than us we're proly gona end up nuking this hunk of rock into oblivion by 2045

stay in school kids
Send another link
no nio? ban
Why don’t companies advertise their stock in commercials? Won’t that drive the stock higher so they raise more money?
you meant to say "moon" right?
Whats the best weed etf
You made a good move with the discovered check tbf. But yes I definitely could. Go go
Bears who buy puts are like Karen's calling the cops on their neighbours having a party.
“Haha shorts will see! Stock can only go up”
+22k to +14k ☹️
Just inflate the debt away, what could go wrong?
He spelled calls run wtf?
https://mobile.twitter.com/CDCgov/status/1327371914004766720?s=20

Holy hell. Over 194k cases yesterday. I remember talking about 200k total cases like it was a crazy thought.

I guess Monday is a massive gap up since the market seems to now move in the same direction as infections.
That would get pretty expensive buying LEAPS every day
Just read the description of A Teacher and I must wonder if it wasn’t filmed for this sub or
+2.5% Nasdaq Monday. That'll be great
Jada Steven’s fine ass did that? I’ll never look at her the same..
you'd have to be an idiot to keep buying tesla calls. pe ratio over 800 because it was a meme stock for half a year. its going to keep slowly going down bro
didnt they tank after a good earnings last time ?
Anyone know a good book on trading advice and psychology? Advice such as: trim positions when the market seems overconfident, ease into and out of positions, etc.
when do 1/24 leaps come out
That's not true. Amazon's stock 7x although it was basically ebay 4 years ago.
Ok. Fuck it, here's what I have. Please tell me your opinions and I'll dispute them all god dammit. https://ibb.co/dfJhmsZ
🍑 is looking for a breakout at around the 55.78 range
[deleted]
you say that like you could do it again lol
[deleted]
Damn you kicked his ass
If you want to be a baller sell 0 DTE credit spreads on SPX and thank me later
I hope so
The only DD I need is BMRG merger Monday. fuck that stocktwits short seller I hope your account gets blown to smithereens. That dude is so fucking annoying...
God that would be a fucking nightmare
How are you having anonymous games?
Send it
[deleted]
Bright and early, I hope.
HPR?
[deleted]
Easy ;)
Sir this is a casino
Cum Dump Obligation also know as a CDO is a complex structured finance product that is backed by a pool of hot steamy Federal Reserve Chairman Cum that is sold to institutional investors
Ourhome2.net.
It's the one all the hookers use in Texas. Not sure about other states
Wait, what happened?
One time like 10 years ago I was beating my little meat watching some disgusting gonzo porn and I came across some Evil Angel “Cream Dreams” videos where Jada Stevens and Amy Brooke are farting whipped cream and shitting milk all over each other and now I really want my girlfriend to fart whipped cream all over my dick. I jokingly said that to her when we were drunk and she laughed and said I’m fucking gross so is that a no or is my dream still alive? 

What do?
Is there a Nio cult in China like there is in the US?
Wait til next week, then tell him you're sorry
Cramer might be giving Nio the kiss of death but at the same time this is a nice pullback.
WSB has turned into the yahoo boards. Where a bunch of bulls gather and supports each other even when their favorite stock turns into a dumpster fire.

you love to see it
Very chill, my play is on Tue.
Ur in the wrong sub
I am not arguing that. But the problem is that NIO is likely moving into a niche market. If they have plans to be available to a larger consumer base, then I would jump aboard this ship.

Obviously Tesla went down a similar path, but at some point we can't just have every EV maker be a luxury brand. That model has already failed before (See: Fisker--despite their resurgence) and it will fail again. There are also infrastructure issues with EVs that need to be addressed before they can become mainstream. There are battery constraints (despite recent developments--something that has also held back Solar and other alternative energy systems).

I don't doubt that NIO will continue to grow, but I also believe that its growth should be more organic. That said, we are in a sub that mostly deals with options, so obviously the high IV rollercoaster ride is great for everyone here. And speculating the hell of speculative stocks is the name of the game, right? But NIO, a brand most people had never heard of until recently, has already seen astronomical growth, and is still yet to deliver numbers that really justify its valuation.
your mother is going for jail for robbin the sperm bank
DOCU earnings coming up. Good time to buy right about now. There’s no fucking way DOCU ain’t making bank with extended wfh.
Don’t panic sell
LOW seems like a good buy before the ER, I like HD also but it seems to be but more expensive.
They dont if you rewind the clock on ur phone
Where do you go
To book?
Agreed, but shares are still a safe bet. You did better these last few weeks than I did let's be honest.
Ahahaha Cathie Wood is one of us. Losing the farm selling options. RIP ARK
okay, so we will take out half the population....700m Chinese people are gonna be forced to buy ev. im getting in at $30...nio will be the tesla of Asia...
Why do you have to pussy out? Just buy options on stay at home companies if you’re so bearish. TDOC PTON ZM WORK ETSY AMZN just take your fucking pick
[deleted]
Those are gonna hit, then he’s gonna be the one laughing.
Well, your first problem was giving him $2.5M. Your second problem was him not succeeding with $2.5M.
Best answer.
ur only allowed to work and watch netflix bigot. ur values are on netflix. seriously watch it
I did take the short bus to school. But it was weird bc I was also in the gifted and talented program. Retarded and autistic.
Nope. The good ones tend to have a link to their website in their bio. PM me if you want more info.
I fucking lost 27kl last week but y fuck it im autistic af. I'll be back to make to make a mil keep you posted.
Shit went crazy this week fr. Everybody focused on NIO and didn’t find out about 🍑
Would be autistic having a lambo and pretending it's somebody else's by printing out the logo of a subreddit and putting it on the car like somebody is just driving around like that.
I bought cause of SpaceX launch. That and cause I just like to gamble. 

430c 11/20
Smoke weed and buy leaps erryday.
Wait it’s called oh2?
Ok, that’s a good perspective. I’m a bit worried about the post covid marketplace. But perhaps this is actually a better fit
When Xi wants it to
You lucky fuck, how many shares?
Today’s NIO bulls having lunchables tonight
Yes sir. If only I put that in long dated calls. Lol
why.... are you holding a share of BRK.A in a robinhood account. This feels wrong in so many ways, and almost perverse in a sense
NIO had a healthy correction, could be worth buying here for earnings run up but I would still not want to own this above $50 long term
Here’s to hoping this week was a consolidation week and not a finish for the H&S
Most you’d lose is the premium you paid.
Not worries at all
Haha yeah I see it now. Lol they think they’re slick trying to keep my options ATM.
I’m so confused feels bad
365c gang. You got bigger balls tho.
I'm here aren't I?
Wait for the open level to be broken before you buy. It should end on a somewhat small green percentage. Tuesday is when the pop starts. After hours it's going to get crazy.
What we think about nvda mon
Yeah but one is more valuable than the other. Would you rather go to Walmart or get a Tesla. Simple as that.
lol like u just dm them and its legal?
Oh2. You can look through the ads and read the reviews other retards have done on them.
Thank you for your service
Lol retard
[removed]
You gotta go to japan.  They don't export the prime shit.  It's for restaurants only. A5 waygu from Kobe is actually........overrated. I hate to say it.  It's like a block of fat.  A4 is the best. It contains a higher meat to fat ratio.
11/20 40p avg .95
Holding. But fewer GME posts in wsb the higher the chance it moons
Im watching this game...
May you live to be 1000 years old, sir.
It was pretty clear that whales were manipulating the price to force any $45 calls they sold to expire worthless by end of day. It’s called pin risk, I suggest you guys look it up.

My options are all long term (Jan, March, April) and already ITM so I’m riding this out. The growth numbers amongst Chinese EVs didn’t change and I expect NIO’s earnings on Tuesday to continue the trend.
Twitter.
Nio has battery swapping stations. And it’s more suitable for highly urbanized area.
[deleted]
Lol appreciate it. I actually didn’t lose all my money. Switched it to TD. Back up to a 2k loss lol
Found WBs reddit account
Not allowed to say it but 🍑is the new hotness
There’s literally a “Strikes: x” field you can click
Try shorting it based on "valuation" and report back. Boomer loses millions with this one simple trick!
Them rides whack as fuck.


Gonna be a sell for me, dawg.
And then the merged ETF is acquired by a SPAC
It’s an ETF of an ETF .. ETFsquared..
Goodnight, sweet prince.
touché, who am I kidding, were opening at 370 anyways
Sometimes I think I got in the wrong profession.
Same I hope it happens I’m long on it. Just don’t think calls are the best idea right now.
I skipped school
[deleted]
I agree, I think they will at least attempt to reach that scale. I don't think TSLA is going to concede one of the biggest EV markets in the world to them though. TSLA needs some healthy competition to continue to innovate so I think it's a good thing. 

Like I said in a different comment, there's no doubt in my mind that NIO is going up. I just don't think NIO goes up this week. When the dip starts to hit, I'm buying more calls and going to post my portfolio here as 'jelqing to NIO - doing it right?'.
NIO bros, on a scale of 1-10, how nervous are you for next week (Monday morning in particular)? I'm new so I'm not used to this 👉🥺👈
You mean like citron does now? 🙄
Lotto tickets. Had a good year and thought maybe I'd try a couple more yolos
Someone who isn’t me just got their third account banned on Reddit for calling someone the gay f word on WSB

“Oh no you’re upset you can’t call people slurs” literally yes fuck you
Always have been
That’s 🍊 not 🍑. Get your fruits straight retard
Be careful with it. I handled some last month and forgot to wear gloves.
I know, just wanted to share and saw that as an opening
Honestly I like NIO’s battery swapping idea. I’m pretty against ev but I’ll take it if there are as many battery stations as gas stations at some point. Looks smarter than “super charger” lots that are always full and you need to wait half hour for a charge anyway.
I prefer 3-6 month plays and I’m against BABA as a long term hold for the reasons I said. I held a small-ish position when they were at 200 and sold because of those reasons tho, so I could just be retarded.
I pdtd my rh haha
You might want to relax... the average person in China doesn’t give a shit about EVs (most in big cities can’t even afford cars in the first place and get around by public transport).
They are implementing spreads soon tho, but the instant deposits do suck, I didn’t know that instant deposits suck and tried to deposit money to buy 0dte spy calls today and was hit with “instant deposits can’t be used on options”
"hi guys I bought calls and I'm holding bags. I want to pass them to you so buy calls"
Underrated comment
You’re not in 🍑 bro lol I’m up almost 180% this week alone
Calls on SOLO?
Bro. Delete the app.
what strike price
good. id like to hear a regular non brainwashed news. almost had that on nov 11, they fucked off for a day
go prep the bull bitch
Natural gas companies I guess.
Nobody cares about lockdowns we’ve been locked down for a year
If you’re not selling weeklies to retards you’re not being all you can be.
ayy gonna buy baba calls or spy puts on monday IDK YET
Dry ice is actually really lit
You’re kinda special aren’t ya?
I'm new. What's your prediction? I'm a pure little virgin and so nervous for Monday. Going autistic with option calls first thing Monday morning.
too much soy in the diet
Perfectly balanced
how
So many locals have pointed out that NIO’s interiors and details are much better than Tesla’s. Elon needs to work on aesthetics.
Could have got a ten bagger Pusey
Puts on Nike
But wouldn't dumping at 362 opening mean profits??
Only if u spot him 299 more shares
Jacked to the tits on WMT and TGT calls
Im on TOS and when I look at the options it’s show ten different strikes, how do I view farther away strikes???
Who's gonna tell him that she's cheating on his dad.
We're all retarded here.
Good job my friend. But considering $54.20 is the current all time high and it crashed from that price, that would be a “top”. We’ll see where it goes from here but I believe it will stay in the $30s and $40s for a while.
I have to agree their sub count probably does down. Media stocks probably get battered for 2 years before 2022. Then the 2024 race starts and it's all hands on deck.


Also I would probably say with the exodus out of the northeast fewer home subs as people rotate to local papers like the miami herald and houston cron/dallas morning news etc
Cum Dump Obligation also know as a CDO is a complex structured finance product that is backed by a pool of hot steamy Federal Reserve Chairman Cum that is sold to institutional investors
Booked a 500/hour appointment with a hot ass hooker tomorrow with my PLTR gains. Thanks pappa theil!!!!
where to look at earnings dates?
True, this works well but you have to do it every turn you visit.
Wait a few days after a massive sell from an earnings call. Make sure the sell off wasn't from a serious flaw in the company's fundamentals but an overreaction. Once it bottoms out and people feel comfortable buying, buy and hold for a few weeks/months to ride out the volitility.
More chess: https://lichess.org/Dqc1BsOv
For now.
That’s one way to look at it. Another is this: Tesla has proved the concept works and NIO simply followed suit effectively. They have other variables Tesla doesn’t too - NIO EVE, NIO BaaS, NIO House, collaborations w high end fashion clothing/bags, art, luxury houseware, NIO food lab, Formula E racing, and their servicing is top of the line even better than Tesla. There’s a lot more to the company than meets the eye!

Your right though that they aren’t at Tesla’s scale yet though, not even close but I think they will get there.
So are we collectively over GME now?
I watched the dude pitch this fucking go-cart on Dragon’s Den last week. Why the fuck didn’t I buy calls
SPY 420
They had us in the first half. NGL.
Loaded on pltr 18/22
They should make an etf comprised of every etf
[deleted]
2500 bucks did their job
RIP.
Profit is profit
i thougth this was going to go to 3.5
anyway to see this outside of tos?
[deleted]
Just realized REITs pumped enough to let June bagholders out
Enough signatures and the media pick it up, this puts pressure on the SEC and FINRA to investigate or at least pretend. This at least makes the short seller nervous and hesitant.
Ban. Wrong sub for you.
Fuck yeah
When UBI comes out and we share all land I want to take over one of the big farms. Will be nice to have so much land.
that’s what i was thinking
Nah he wants to tank the market
adobe flash player is blocked :/

damn times have CHANGED
Ultimately NIO will be very similar to Tesla. Quality of materials might vary, but they will be similar in most regards.
Make Jon Ronson do his own DD
Nice. Give me a few more years working in big tech >\_>
But that makes their valuation undeserving. Look at the valuations of premium brands that have been around for ages. NIO is currently valued more than BMW and Ferrari, which is in the *real* F1. One can argue that it's their tech that makes them more valuable, but self-driving tech doesn't  mean anything unless it is available to the masses (in order to improve quality of life on the roads, all vehicles would have to be autonomous if the goal is to make the roads safer and eliminate traffic).
It’s no different than the 4+ million leases by Americans every year, besides being easier for consumers and profitable for manufacturers.

It’s the evolution of the lease.
[deleted]
