[https://chess.org/play/b7118aa0-e5d6-451b-b62c-f5cc02cf4db0](https://chess.org/play/b7118aa0-e5d6-451b-b62c-f5cc02cf4db0)

so lets go
If you aren't getting 🍑 tendies you hate money
All of the gay bears suddenly awakened today. It's the same little weenie's who were scared to get in at the 28s. They're going to get butt raped hardcore next week when earnings come out.
Ik

Had to emphasize the main points
I just saw a comment about what if an etf buys an etf

What is the stonk equivalent of inception?
Keeper
Bulls are starting to learn. But they are so off still.
Ter the molestr
[deleted]
Nice to see all your effort come to fruition though, and literally just in time.
Smart man
I’m so sorry to hear that. I struggled with FOMO for years. Happy to say I’ve been sober for 69 months on Monday.
Europeans are funny they keeping schools open but locking down everything else.
[removed]
The unicorn starting to look like a donkey with a hazard cone.
Leaps are going to be worth so much it's actually crazy. Unless TSLA somehow undercuts NIO to the point they are delisted I can't imagine it doesn't at least double in price in a year from now. 

NIO has all the tech and backing they need for a huge market share. They just need to execute now and actually meet the demand and sell more.
Hey man pussy's hold up over time.
Never had that problem.
TYFYS
gg
[deleted]
[deleted]
i got 3k in nio puts, we eating good next week
Then fuck them...literally
Now that's what I call buying the dip.
Just read some local Chinese articles comparing Tesla and Nio. Man they’re divided.
You are out here playing chess while I'm playing checkers.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd
Good thing I’m holding spy calls
he's about to get banned, my meme about nio was just removed because it mentioned nio in a positive light.
Good game friend
That's actually pretty grand to see. Someone on this sub ACTUALLY understands the game. 

Not a bad move at all, though. I just couldn't imagine the boredom in waiting for those positions to do something 😂
If I weren't a broke unemployed idgit I wouldn't be buying 0dte options, I would be buying more dated positions keeping view of the market.
all the time but my trading account is about 250k so that's not necessarily a huge amount to put into one stock I believe in
You know there’s a thing called puts right. Sounds like you caught the gay bear bug. Try out being a gay bear, until you lose all your money, then convert back to a stronger than ever bull. See you soon
sry bud were opening at 362 on monday, better roll that to wednesday
> Thankfully I'm ~~frugal~~ a pussy so I'm somewhere in between.

FTFY
manipulation
I went years ago to Stockholm all the men are like depressed emo weird with no personalities.  And also u realize not all Swedish blonde women are hot.   Some have strange ass shaped heads and shit.  Go there and u will see.  Yes there are cuties but it’s not that insane.  I liked girls in Amsterdam better
Yea I agree as always Vegas never loses lol
[deleted]
That 365 gonna make you rich WP!
It has solid support and highs r building. Gonna pop 2 weeks tops imo
Be careful not to pop her. Might want to get a roll of duct tape to fix the hole.
TFW you sell to close calls at the top and then puts at the bottom You wouldn't know it but it feels fucking good. Win-win.
[deleted]
🤤
Fuck calls, weeklies, fds...  baba has been dead in the water for a week. Leaps and shares are ez money. Yes we all want a 10 bagger, but that is simply gambling.
LOL ... price floor is 40...
Dis nibba seriously bought $400 calls two months out? lmao
Can someone tell me what 🍑is lol
Look at big balls out here smoking oil.. ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh fancyyyyyyy
Thank you
I agree, but I think there will be people that pull money out and sit when it pops. I think it will take longer than it should have more initial market resistance than the last drop. The money people made from the last comeback after the drop could give us a false bottom where we think it’s done and coming back and then it falls ever lower. Or stimi just gonna help it coast without major drop because fuck me.
Can I take your spot in the shareholders meeting?
Wow ok. Need security card details? Is this SaFe?
And IWM to Venus
For now NIO avg cost 19.40
Every Option Disappears
Of course not. I'm balls deep in 11/20 48p right now bro I'm not going to sell these Monday just to lotto all my hard-earned winnings away.
However, I did work with salespeople that dumb. off rip asking “if you test drive this car and you like it and we can agree to numbers will you buy it today?”
it's gonna actually go up another 1000% over the next 5 years
What? I bought them today. You know you can still make money on Calls when a stock is down, right?
That’s a great bet. The man put that sucker line out there to drain the pockets of the squares piling on the Dolphins.
[deleted]
Hey! You forgot your crayons! Come back!
Not a true r/HydroHomies
More like BABA,  they be turning to their friendly neighbour Ma, Buffett style to only invest in something they believe. Turns out Ma is a little bitch and their government being an even bigger bitch.
Do Hindenburg next. That motherfucker knows exactly what he's doing.
The contracts are voided??
Subscription model might struggle
Chess?
Should fly there in your private jet to pick it up.
Gotta build up those callouses
You and me both. I’m debating loading up on this on DKNG. All in yolo I’m talking.
[deleted]
This is a good point. That’s why I am buying leaps — don’t want to be at the mercy of speculators.
Supreme^^TM baller status
Imagine if he wasn’t an absolute fucking moron and had rolled up at some point in the last year?
Bout to be rich
That would be completely irresponsible and financially Illiterate of me. Yup see you on Monday
I got into relationship once that was super good and my portfolio was buring like 2k a day but life was so good till i lost her 2 weeks after lmao.  That's when it all kicked in
so puts??
When you are about to nut, just think about your portfolio
Joe is from Delaware - the state all evil corporations incorporate in as it favors big business over the little guy. You really think he will stick it to the banks? He is going to pay the banks in full and then stick it to the taxpayers.
Fuck it, there’s no way this tanks with public/private contracts and the popularity it has. Seems like NIO but better cuz USA
The 11/16 will either be gucci or you'll lose it all. That's about all I got for that.
You don't have the balls and you know it.
Go on...
Yes but shares only, hoping for one last <20 entry to load up
for every guh there is a yuh
He's staring in the newest season of Fargo, it's awesome.
Dow 30k next week
Me, too.
Wait, how are demographics changing? And how am I almost Japanese? Will I start saying ‘ne’ all the time? Will availability of good sushi improve?
[deleted]
Hope you all bought 🍑 today. Moon mission 2.0 this week
That's true, there is real value there and it took years for it to show for TSLA. NIO hasn't proven it's salt yet, especially with the competition they will be facing from TSLA trying to not lose a huge market.
I’ll say it again. Percs. Alcohol is def not the move.
One of us
Sounds like something only a republifuck believes
As soon as NIO mentions that they have an EV Smart Car (but safer) in the works and plan on selling it for cheap, that'll do it. To infinity, and beyond!
Now we have 3 days for this to go worldwide and bring mass trendies to NIO er 🤑
I think people were more worried about the pump to drop difference. People who bought 1 dte calls lost 100% of their investment while people who bought puts made x30. I saw someone play the perfect wedge on here for +250k. I was impressed with the 0dte wedge play.
Start edging at 12 y/o and don't stop
Think about that 10 bagger you let expire worthless because you thought it would be a 100 bagger on expiration day.
Collateralized debt obligation otherwise known as a CDO
In my last game my opponent had only his queen piece remaining and ran to a corner and the game was called a draw.. Chess is stupid.
[deleted]
Nah inverse, I live lavish with my 2 figure bank account. About to buy some Remy Martin XO to go with my cigars. Maybe a pinky ring if I make another hundred.
See you Monday !!! :)
Yes but tonight I’m thinking more about V shaped pussy
You're right, just buy the highest OTM lottos you can this week.
Thanks. My wife gave me $200 to invest around Labor Day. Turned it into $110 on KTOV, now $80 on NIO.  I'm living Coach V rules. Trying to survive and advance while laughing and crying each day.
Hey, kind of you to remember me 🙋🏻‍♂️
RemindMe! 4 days
You son of bitch *jeff goldbloom Jurassic park laugh* 

I’m in.
Sooooo all in.  Got it
Should someone who cant tell the difference really be going to college and running up loans? They should probably repeat Grade 5 and school is free
Only reason I go there is to troll
Bought and paid for by the Chinese yen.
The entire stock market is in a bubble.... >\_>
paxil
But why old ladies?
People would just lose that extra money every month on robinhood.
[deleted]
Opinions?


https://ibb.co/9HcpWKF
It's going to go down more. I closed my short positions for over 50% loss.

Sorry for your calls.
Oh man they will so be shitting bricks if he pulls this off, we all know who they are that would be Fukien glorious he would pull a xi and break apart every last one of them
This is so much better than my usual shitposting
I bought it at the lowest price it has ever traded at.
@freeicecreamafterdin I challenge you
Bourbon or bust
That's good, and probably safer.
also known as communism. its gonna be so much better than what uve ever known wew lad
[deleted]
[deleted]
Loaded to the tits on 🍑
Neither did they have Robinhood.
I'd like to thank those who bought my calls today
So I have like 10k in LI puts. Should I cancel my pre order of wagyu beef exported from japan or order extra?
Callaway calls it is.
Nah you should jack it 4x a day. The more you jack it, the longer the successive jacks take to pop off.
Freeicecreamafterdin
Did you not hear the smart people talking about the vaccine coming in two weeks?
options on a 3x etf of world tech etfs
[deleted]
Get as far away from this place as possible.

But also probably just buy PLTR shares.
[deleted]
F
🍑 gang wya
LMND calls anyone?
Why would you want that
By pump you mean watch as it goes up 100% in a month, buying at ATH, bitching about it on WSB, then selling at a loss?
*Raises hand in shame*
KBNT
Anything under 250.   cop dat
The universe implodes.
I put money on the chargers how fucked am I?
And then when the market dumps you call your broker and keep getting a busy signal so you cant sell.
Lick the butthole
And call him at another dealership to tell him i found the same car for 1000 less, if you guys can beat it I’ll buy yours, just to turn around and take our counter offer and have the dealership your at beat it by $100 after the original salesman spent 2 hours with you.
K
WATER IS FOR COWARDS
people had scruples back then, these days everyone is spineless in a post modern dystopia
The autism is strong tonight. 

I already said the stock is going up lol. The stock just isn't going up this week.
Alcohol
I experience pomo every fuckin day
[removed]
Get drunk
Haven’t used RH for quite some time but thanks for the suggestion 😘
About what I'm thinking too
Buy some ELY
I honestly feel a -3 day Monday blucing off ath.
Remember those people who bought sub 200 spy puts when spy hit 230? Oooof they were so confident too.
Thanks, am smarter now.
How are we so confident that algo won’t tank the market just to destroy humanity?
U were clothed or she was? Cuz if its the first one...
Where’s the chess dude
AKA you’re too retarded to use it. Stick to RH feget
Emergency Use Authorization
NIO back to ATH Monday
Did Tesla start with everything we see today? No

Nio is new. Give it time to prove itself
Their Q3 vehicle sales went up 154% YOY in the middle of a pandemic. They literally can’t make more cars than the demand that they have at the moment. 

Legacy car companies make electric vehicles but that’s literally just putting a battery in the car. They don’t have the OS and level 3 autonomous driving tech of NIO or Tesla, which is where the real value is.
That’ll really make him go flaccid
Tesla and Wal-Mart have market caps of about $400B. 

This make sense because Wal-Mart’s $200B of real estate is 2X the largest REIT and Tesla has a tent factory.
Can anyone tell me what this means
That really doesn't matter. When they could be an entire week off.
Haha but forreal. A test drive is a huge waste of a salesman’s time. Esp when they’re 100% commission and you just wanna test drive a 100 cars for 6 months before you finally decide to buy one.
Well I have some FU money. What’s the most I could lose? Plus anything I learn would be 10 more valuable. I’m a conservative trader otherwise.
Bro it's like midnight on a Friday
It must’ve been scary af investing back in the day. Any tard could’ve just made up some news on this new and upcoming company and you couldn’t check on the internet or anything. Your only hole would be the newspaper and they’d be getting paid off anyways.
NIO and RKT would drop for sure
guys what happens when an etf buys a etf
Reasonable

But nio is a premium brand, so it’s not targeting everyone
Don’t jack it 4x a day is a good place to start. After that alcohol.
[removed]
on APT threat actors ? Lol ok
I smell fear.
[deleted]
TSM
Close to where it was in October.  $55+
Am retarded, EUA?
Invite them into your life. They’re probably lonely
We're hurtling toward a brave new world of negative interest rates, unrestrained QE, yield curve control, and UBI. The V-shaped recovery is part of a constructed narrative that is an economic  policy tool in and of itself because The Fed and the economic powers that be are terrified that they will run out of ammo. The demographics are fucked. Right now we are almost imperceptibly turning Japanese. But by the time the next wave of economic pain hits, we will be 100% pure Japanese. Your dryer lint will be on The Fed's balance sheet.
There’s always another quarter to feed the meter
Lol “always be closing”
RH announces two free shares from $CREAM & $PIED  for every SPY put bought next week. Load up while you can bears
It’s not all my money lol. Started with 25k, pulled out 20. Switched to td. Back up 3k.
Also, ver nice not-so-humble brag.
Wp
Not bad, just $320 for a possible huge return. Falling $15 total per contract is pretty cheap for that many contracts too. Really depends on your whole account size tho
I feel personally attacked!
What the Russians did not hack the servers? Even Microsoft stopped Russian hacking group couple weeks ago so they are scummy too?
Percs
I have no idea what that is but I'm in
Are you using internet explorer?
But don’t your puts still stay valid but get adjusted?
Not sure but their app and platform are trash
That all depends who wins the presidency. If its that pos Biden, than certainly he'll rig the stock market just like the erection!
Pace yourself bro.
What is driving the increase in value?
End User Agreement?
Cialis
LOL can confirm
It’s all good bro😂😂 are you on any EV’s though?
😂
What’s the secret? Virgin’s blood?  Don’t tell me technical analysis.
Gonna go smash big Bertha down at the drive in theatre tonight. She’s got a German chocolate cake ass, and I’m fixing to dive in.
Guys how to last longer in bed? :(
so I go get my loaded tech 9 thats up in the trunnnnnnk
They’d be retarded. IVV or VOO are better for shares.
Yeah, in the midst of the crippling addiction, depression, and disillusionment there is sometimes some money that is made 🤷‍♂️
US debt that is owned by other countries is in us currency. The United States of America owns their own money presses and can print money in their own currency. This is why they can have unlimited debt forever. This is the way.
> Either this shit is going to moon next week or its going to dump.

This is the vibe I'm getting as well. Wish I could jump 60 hours in the future.
9 figures is more than enough
I mean I think it continues, Moderna should release results Wednesday or earlier and Pfizer said they’d have safety results to apply for emergency use by the third week of November which is next week too. I think something similar to last Monday happens this week at least once

This rotation also feels permanent, previous ones lasted a day or two at most

PSX for instance couldn’t even break the 10 day average for 3 straight months but sliced all the way through the 100 day like cheese this week. It fell like 7% yesterday trying to break and then jumped up straight through it today on another huge up day. All of it’s on heavy volume too. Very excited for next week
[deleted]
Feels bad I was so happy when I held yesterday going up ah, then up more pm, good er to just fizzle out, guess I’m happy I didn’t lose money on it
*Citron has entered the chat*
PFE's vaccine EUA is going to make PFE go to the moon!
Flash them
Future priced EV during a global pandemic? I'll believe something is future priced when the market is less volatile. 

NIO is going up eventually there's no doubt about it to me but the time is not now. Sure, it has backing from important sectors and awesome technology but it is selling very few cars still. You're saying that the market cap of legacy companies deserves to be less than NIO? Not right now.
Do you have a flip phone? Use emojis.
:S well as long as we get to 25s soon... lol
We run up a bit this week
With a tranny
Lol. That shit looked like it was done by a 8th grader at 11:59pm
Lies. Positions or no bet
Fuck of jigaboo.
Spy 370
So buy puts?
[deleted]
Can you even sell those?
Hey 👋 keep you Hans off my Solo
Why you gotta ruin my dreams and make me realize I’m lying to myself. I wear the Casio, the Gap clothes, but strut like I’m a millionaire on the regular.
This is the way
They make there money by spreading misinformation
How is it from the mass wipes from all the meme stocks not extinct wsb? How are there still so many people here
Almost nothing. The poors here are insignificant.
You buffoon all of the technicals indicate a run up until Wednesday. Are you new at disruptive stocks?
[deleted]
🍑🍑🍑
I bought 20 $365 calls and 20 $345 puts for SPY Monday. Either we going up or down big!
Damn.. I hope we both make some crazy gains
if it goes to the 30s im buying the fuck out of this in stocks.... china has 1.4 billion people, China said they want ev, this market is gonna moon. I hope it drops to 30!
Everyone except people who haven’t heard about NIO until today cuz of the short report.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-11-13/herding-by-naive-robinhood-traders-may-be-good-signal-to-short

This says robinhood traders but this pertains to you tards the most
Reddit should have react buttons by now. Sometimes I wanna lol at a post without typing it.
Same. Don’t know how to post a photo but up over $11000 USD
💯💯💯 glad I’m in before WSB finds out🌝 shit mooned this week
The one year chart is flat as a McDonald’s pancake breakfast, and don’t call me Shirley.
Okay, but next month? Next year? Next decade?
[https://chess.org/play/a497cfb3-bd67-4aac-8160-cf8093b02f7e](https://chess.org/play/a497cfb3-bd67-4aac-8160-cf8093b02f7e)
r/investing
If everyone here quit options and bought SPY shares, what would happen?
Fuck no. I get this is a casino, but this is playing roulette and the number will land on the made up number of 37 that citron fabricated.
Why?
Asked alot of my chinese buddies what the sentiment was over there. Chinese are taking alot of pride that their country is actually about to be the ev powerhouse. They actually believe this. Pride is a big part of a communist country. Its embedded in them.
Hold until it's $420.69.
as someone who wouldn't mind working there...why?
Pinduoduo is the new Alibaba
[deleted]
Tesla you dunce
lol whatever you gotta tell yourself you blowjob
[deleted]
I like this strategy
Could be a smokescreen, the funds haven’t been doing that great of late in line with TSLA. Looking like a one trick pony trailing trades on WSB. Much like my own trading just on a bigger scale.
Indeed it is, safe investment if you ever make it big
I don't get it
Don’t come to me crying when 🍑 moons
[deleted]
Not sure how
(((Ultra-Wealthy)))
Crazy shit lol
link? I can’t find on their website
https://chess.org/play/80e0a068-9035-4fc2-bff6-a7083230a289
I think he knows what he typed..
I tried that for awhile, then I switched to tech calls.
Where's DKNG on new years?
[deleted]
It's all about that runoff in GA
Long term UUP puts is the way
I think ETFs like SQQQ and VIX do reverse splits (hence why their charts are in constant decline) I feel like if you are a bear, SPXS puts could be a good hedge
Send a link
AAPL?

...

^(...please?)
just like that time when spy shot up 40 points last week while us dollar will lose 15 percent power this year
With man or woman
Source? Can't find it
Your cheeks were saved
That’s a bit of a silly idea. I’ve lived in China. Nobody forgot. Beijing has blue sky days now and then. Plus, everyone travels. Even the poorest laborers go home to some small village for Chinese New Year.  Villages have better air quality than big cities. And rich people people travel all over China and outside the country too.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fool me once...ssh-shame on you

Fool me 12 times...yea im retarded
Play chess with me
NIO
We make money here?
Link
Fuck peak autism unlocked wish I had a stocker to give
My friend. EVs price are coming down and competitions are heating up! Great for consumers. Bad for bloated pigs. Buy puts!
Spy gap up to 363
Happy cake day!

I'm gonna look for a new entry. Trailing stop didn't go in my favor this time. Call it an insurance fee. Yes enjoy the gains. Don't get emotional. Look for another opportunity nio or not. I just bought LI at 31 today when a limit order from earlier in the day fulfilled shortly after my trailing loss triggered. Lots of action on Friday the 13th, lol
Market is about to pop to the next level, IWM already broke through. It might drag ass, but it’s *way* too risky to stay cash gang in my humble opinion.
NIO has value in its automated driving tech, NIO GAC, tech backing, its brand is excellent, govt backing + all the green EV laws in China. It’s basically going to succeed and reach that level. But until like 10 days ago, it wasn’t convincing. Now it is and it’s a future priced in scenario. May be overvalued at current output but that’s not what the stock price really means
I’m on dec14 puts man my buddy went to the gym feeling sick and tested positive the next day after I told him stay home people don’t care how can this keep going
I agree with you, but my only issue with BABA is Chyna. Calls may print, but they’re expensive, and there’s always that chance some story comes out about China doing shady shit.
CRWD is a legit scummy company.
What’s the next NIO
pls dont ban him
Cool.
I want one of those hats you get a free bowl of soup with.
How's mcdonalds doing these days?
Hmmm ..... Either this shit is going to moon next week or its going to dump. 

Im looking at buying an atm straddle first thing monday
I grabbed a few today 👍
if i bought puts eod im 🍆ed ya?
Lick Tip Fuck
Yep you obviously didn’t watch his address
Investigate him for what?
Godspeed
alright all my SPCE tards, what up?
Imagine being a retail investor in China and used up your lifesavings into Luckin Coffee and got burned. Then you thought Nio was going to save your country. 😢
Do you believe a guy who told his koolaid drinkers that it was a hoax?
[deleted]
I guess $127.34 is less retarded than $0
those boomers would shit their adult diapers if i told them i made 10% in 3.5 weeks without even owning a stock
This is market manipulation. These companies should not be allowed to affect prices by speculating a self-fulfilling prophecy. Then it'll moon back up on earnings next week. The question is to hold forever for when it becomes chinese tsla or sell then buy it back if it crashes back down.
Instant deposits suck, margin doesn't apply to a lot of stocks, can't use spreads/complex options strategies. Has a community which is fun to brag on but is otherwise a dumpster fire. The analysis tools they provide are good though.
REMEMBER THE TITANS
Fisker is going to hit 10Bn in market cal
he did say this
fuck nio gang, the spam has crossed the line, I’m buying puts
Haha I thought maybe you bought em before today. But you know what, this is the yolos that I like to see. Bought at the top right before a huge dump but an insane 10 bagger runup before the exp lol.
Boy, there ain’t no rug left
slack is a terrible company
Well my couple dozen shares and 1/15 300c’s approve of this post
Yeah send link
I think cash gang is best rn. Gonna be high turbulence.
LOL
Bruhs I don’t golf but I went to one of those top golf shits and it was legit fun as fuck. There’s only normal ranges near me but I’m gettin some golf clubs for Christmas, feels like it could be fun to play and something to get outdoors
Bears play Monday night and are gonna get smashed
[deleted]
That's reassuring. You planning on pulling out on Monday at $55, or holding out until Wednesday?
https://www.militarytimes.com/news/pentagon-congress/2020/08/31/as-trumps-popularity-slips-in-latest-military-times-poll-more-troops-say-theyll-vote-for-biden/

Some reports from the actual election align with that. A good chunk of the people I know in the military have really soured on him
I've been doing this for so many years I can tell when it's a short squeeze. This particular case is just so obvious. So much money will be lost on puts.
Dividend stocks is what is at, that's now 90% of my portfolio, and the rest is on PLTR .
[deleted]
SOL
You are correct. Started with 25k. Got to like 65k slaughtered back to 25k lol. Lost another 5. Pulled out 20.. put it in TD. Back up to 23k rn. Just buying and selling shares currently.
That dude is a crazy mf. I went to school with his kid for one year when I was living in the Middle East and then they moved to who knows where. I didn't realize at the time he was some weird private army rich dude, also is the nephew of Betsy Devos. All I remember is his kid was an arrogant douche.
Found the guy who lost their way to r/investing
at least wipe her off
Trailing loss* sorry. I believe it was set at 15%
Screenshot or ban
Lol it would've been a draw regardless. Want to play again?
IV on this shit is so crazy if it trades sideways for a day everything in the money gonna be down 50%
A coronavirus vaccine could be available to the general population as early as April, Trump said 

Is this fake I saw it on Twitter?
When I rotate your mom onto her back so I can finish.
I’ve been trading with ameritrade since I was 14, so I’m still with them.
Everyone wants cheap calls before earnings 😂
Weekly reminder: rug pull next week
What’s with all the 🐇 talk tonight
🤚🏿
40k profit.
More has been lost on this strategy than all of the losses of the autists here.
[removed]
Poor thing lol. Do they let you chose the stock tho?
Bruh. 55 by Monday confirmed. All my hedge fund buddies are in.
I have 11/27 300c 

God speed my guy
Bunch of shit. It’s been a while. Had a bunch of weeklies killed in September. Some I closed for a loss when i shouldn’t have.
Noise
Sounds like a plan
This
I always compare my gains / losses in mortgage payments. Like oh man NIO gains paid for a month of my mortgage. And oh no NIO lost me 100 mortgage payments today.
Only a tadbit and that's due to the weekend. Broke boyz pulling out liquor and weed money.
I busted the day trade restriction yesterday. Today I doubled down at the start of the day as it was going up, then started to sell as it crashed. That final day trade is what killed me
Nearly every person I know who is military likes trump
id cum if your sister returned my texts
😂😂
[deleted]
I agree up 21% on 11/27 $50 calls after buying dip. Balls on your face incoming.
Why are you bums buying NIO when you can buy doggy coin. Much win much gains very wow
Got it. Thought the elevator up on Monday covered vaccine hopes. 

Odd how we are hopeful for reopening literally as states are closing and covid is skyrocketing.
Gambling addiction.
Saw it, and thought it was different. Total spur of the moment thing. Couldn’t be happier
Raise your hand if you have big ole Irish bols
Big brag, I think this is the first year my portfolio returns have exceeded my work income 🙌.
I’m not that retarded. Lol the great pullback of September 1st killed me. Had a shit load of different shit lol. Was new to trading, got lucky. Then got slaughtered .
I went all in on 11/20 25c's today. Hopefully we'll have anice fat run up to the 30s next week before that flight.
Shorter dated calendar to scalp in and out of contracts, longer diagonals for holding
impossibru
[deleted]
Have you seen karate kid?
Release the Kraken!!
Buy high sell low baby!!!!
How are you up on PTON today??? It’s down 7%
mods need to ban people like you

5% annually?

/r/investing is that way
Bought calls at the bottom today up 30%
Good luck.  I bought some shares yesterday and today.  Not sure when this downward trend reverses.  Hopefully starting next week.
Robinhood is a casino. Get a real brokerage if you’re gonna invest.
Nio calls had me rolling at the end
found the guy who consistently buys FDs from theta thugs and gets burned bigly
I guess stock like this is why everyone keeps saying buy options, because if I'd done that I would have only risked the same or less than I lost on my stop loss, and I'd  still be holding the options..
While the tech is showing signs of being over valued. like the dot com bubble. I don’t think it will bust. It will trade sideways till the rest of the market catches up. But what do I know I’m retarded.
Oh, forgot we aren't out of vaccine pumps today. Thought the 20% rise on Monday covered vaccine hopes.
China Daily saying NIO exaggerated their production numbers ahahah it begins
As a holder of NIO before it was cool, I’m gonna go ahead and say nah bro you whack
u gonna ignore the senate? no way in hell a republican senate approves that
Lol, I'm going to try it then.
Not wrong. Shares also volatile so that also match autistic level of this thread
lol, either monday finishes us off or it Finishes Us OFF
"YOLO"
The real question is, how eager do you think people are to create another stock with a P/E of >1000?

If it wasn't a Chinese stock, I'd argue that people might be more willing to inflate these valuations. But the reality is that the Chinese government, as we just saw this week with stocks like BABA, can quickly tighten the vice grip and wipe billions off a valuation.

Chinese stocks are also riskier in general, and Chinese IPOs, with few exceptions, have been poor performers.

If anything, the recent surge in EVs should solidify this sub's love for Tesla, which has a brilliant team (albeit a "colorful" leader) behind it.

Obviously we are seeing an EV arms race, but that means there will be many losers. GM and Ford entering the arena should be concerning.

I think people aren't going to give up on these stocks, as we have seen countless times that the MMs, algorithms, and meme lovers latch on to something and ride it until their asses are chafed, but the reality is that the EV market is just the flavor of the month right now because of an incoming Biden presidency.

Will it last? For companies like Tesla, yes. For other speculative companies? Who knows.

For the most part, I try to avoid Chinese stocks at all costs.

Obviously there are a ton of people in China, but for the EV market to take advantage of that population, the target prices need to drop significantly, and that won't happen any time soon.
bought more at like 44 yesterday and bought more on the dip today. Nio is making more cars than TSLA did at this stage, their stonk is super-undervalued and will never die- the company is backed by the Chinese government. Sit back and hold on for the ride, babe
Never mind I read SPX for some reason lmao

If stonks only go up do short ETF’s only go down? 🤔
Whew then just diamond fist that shot for 2 years bro
Yes, since you are phokingtonight, it's better to pull out.
you're either gonna make money or lose money, your call
Hold until the 60s on Wednesday
I’d cum if solo opens at $9
You're not autistic, you're retarded
Fuck off
Wrong thread
I am gonna try to close my puts at a profit
Erect oblong dick
*theta gang for the win. It’s a non-event.
You are supposed to be patient when trading. Always wait for dips to buy.
This is what happens when wealthy people don't educate property their children.

The first thing that they need to teach the kids is to value their time and money, learn the value of things, not just the price tag. Then make them work hard, and I mean really hard to get what they want.

When they understand that things come with hard work and not just because they are entitled to them then they get wealthy on knowledge, and that is worth more than money.
Yeah I bought shares
well yea im retarded and blow all my money on calls
You aren’t op dumbass
[deleted]
Damn I saw his positions. But bold of me to assume he got them before today lol.
lol what, i sell weekly CSP at 20 delta
I was in with NIO back when it was at $7 haven’t touched it and won’t
Youll b fine
Every Other Duck
Try grabbing a $52 call at peak this morning... wait make that 2 calls for 11/20
It’s “PLTR”
What are you retards betting on Fisker for next week? I’d love to see it over $20 early next week. 25 x 11/20 $25c
You must be one of the gay bears I take it? 

🐻 🌈
Tendies
Single passenger vehicles are a small market
seems like you bought calls at 54 today, haha.
you know it's up 2200% or so this year, right? These valuations are not justified for companies that are losing money.
Na dude SPY pumppp
You’ll feel like a bandit when they bounce back above 300
I should clarify.. if you have stocks then cool, if you have short expiry options.... not so cool
Great scene, well done.
Can’t be right
thanks!
This the way
Hahahahahahaha
Quick question for you shady Theta Gang fuckers. 

Do you prefer longer dated diagonal spreads, or shorter dater calendar spreads?
[deleted]
Fred Durst
Seriously though look at the yearly and 5 year chart. Even at ATH in Feb SPXS was near 13 dollars, at a similar price point now it is only 4.50. Might load myself to the tits in 2021 puts and hope for a reverse split?
Anyone else buying SPCE on market open?
hahaha. for some reason this is the most hilarious shit i read today.
Probably Bc she’s touching it less. Actual data shows the less interaction on a portfolio give the best long term ROI based on dead people’s performances compared to their peers who actively traded/invested.
Can spce hit 50 soon. I have 250k worth of shares of spce
[deleted]
Puts on my endgame skills
Highest chance of gains is 10% sadly I can't just have it fully yoted into TSLA calls
what’s eod mean
yikes..
i watched as my accunt go up to ATH and gained 9K in the morning to losing 11k BY END THANKS TO NIO. but im not mad, no mad.
Vaccine news. Everyone thinks moderna will announce their vaccine data this weekend and Trump did a little vaccine pump today
DIN
Hit 50% and leave. 
Monday was a 2k—>14k
Tuesday, Wednesday were 2k days each
Thursday I was greedy and didn’t heed my advice. As a result I may have lost my gains...find out next week.
^^^ This guy Simpsons.
I enjoy it
[removed]
Oops I forgot where I was! We’re all retards here:)
yup..
Yeah.. should I pull out?
Yes I'm in that call, QQQ 300C 1/15, QQQJ 35C 6/18, and a variety of ARKK OTM LEAPS
Taco Bell loaded vegetarian nachos better than Tinder sex
Pretend they're not there even when they try talking to you
Because it has been attached to reality until now? lol k
Who are they putting this "risk on" I keep hearing about?
I pump solo most days anyways.
Yes. It’s good enough
Haha, almost same, it was a bummer that I didn't start the day with a position on NIO because the SL was triggered yesterday with that dip. That's what we get.
Spy dump monday?
BuY NIO CaLs
I bought MO because I think I seen higher lows and they been goin down for so long I thought maybe they’ll turn around kek
You have it right. Subsidized has lower rates
9*
shit we got a long way to go for it to be worth 66BB :) only at around 500mm
sucks man, try hitting something before the 2900% run-up
made a $BECKY and tech shares portfolio for my gf in robinhood and it’s outperforming me
Let’s pump Canoo instead for America 🇺🇸
0-0-1 chill
Do you guys use Wee Bull?
Light their house on fire.
[deleted]
Jack is fkd baba is fkd ant iPo fkd, why the fk did pencilman fk us with his idiotic comments
word. i call that pomo = pain of missing out
Well first this made me lol so that’s not good. And I looked at their price today just to see about puts
mentally healing and help physical barriers etc. tard
open $8 monday.
whats a rotation
Been seeing them around a lot too.
SPCE they are doing a space flight next week it just spiked after hours today
I've got an industrial remix of a female version somewhere...
Stale
Red Solo Cup, 
I fill you up, let's have a party
Not the paedopizzaalienTrump story?
Dude watch Berserk if you want to see a gorey anime, 1997 version.
Lol at thinking we are reading this
Schrodinger’s Musk
I got you fam, bought 41P for friday :) at the very bottom. NIO to 60s eow
Imagine being so fucking retarded you don't know what a rotation is so you ask why something is going up on no news
Cause stonks only go up
I had a similar thing happen with NIO. A wins a win, but it hurts to leave so much on the table.
Let’s pump solo.
What a retard. Time to inverse and buy calls
[deleted]
YOLO spy shares.... 🤔
5.56 to the dome piece
IPOB
Just inverse yourself
Levan polkka
Lol, can get that in a day with majority of stocks half the time.
Well sure of course, he could, but then again… wow as melon scratchers go, that's a honey doodle.
wow ur real rebels dems, all the corporations got ur back in the fight against The Man, lmao
I agree on this. Great weed store in Vegas. Opening up in California soon too.
This might be my sub
You too?
Tempurpedic mattress, 300 thread count sheets, melatonin, what am I missing
Reopening was in play today after some consolidation mid week 

Refiners were up like 8% for example
[deleted]
Hammer old pennies in to their trees.
lol we fucked
If your ultra wealthy 2.5 mil is like a cup of coffee for normies
Solo car is ugly&gay as fuck but I do see liberals in California/Washington driving it around with a AOC 2024 sticker or something.
Can somebody explain to me why long dated puts on SPXS isn’t free money?
Sure, but you can schedule your car for on-site swap or to be taken to a nearby swap station if there is one. They'll come out and do it for you and put your car back where you left it. Labor costs in China are a pittance, this service likely costs very little.
So? We have yet to actually evaluate their potential with actually cars and see how they compete. The legacy car brands were bailed out on tax dollars because they couldn't survive.  Any electric car can easily go 0 - 60 in 3 seconds with enough motors and power. How efficiently it generates that power is another story. I bet the Americans are going with the brute force method like they do with their ICE cars.

Rivian has better potential than Ford/GM with their truck. GM with Cruise Automative, does have a lead on Ford. GM significantly downside cruise this year.
Remember, its only a loss if you sell.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehwd_hMDM2c
Why do you think that, I got some plntr debating if I want to get in on nio, because seems like it’s gonna be a dud after that carnival
Quality dd
CRSR
100% looks like a cartoonish minor villain
You bought this position a couple years ago? Jesus, so you've been sitting on Nio for literal years? You are the original diamond hands.
Dude I’m fucking retarded
I genuinely hope you're having fun in your make believe world and don't try to harm or kill yourself/others when Joe's sworn in.
I think Solo is the next Nio
A good alarm > wx?
So I'm not alone on this?  Bought NIO at 42, stop loss at 39, small dip and gone, then up to 52?
[deleted]
with whom are you speaking ?
Yes 🤨
Yuuuuup bought a single call at .75 and sold at $4 wooooooo

Wish I bought more of course
Personally I'm in on CHWY.
r/smallstreetbets
🔋📈
If that's you, sorry man. Now that you've identified those issues you can choose what to do about it.
I keep thinking I’m stealing by buying during this fall.  And it keeps falling.
chess
Must be hard to golf everyday and draw doodles with sharpies
imagine thinking anything past 2007 was starwars
He yolo 6k in 42 calls.  Lol.
Don’t know how he goes about “cancelling” it but a restructuring of our fed tax rate ie: .5 to 1% taken off of each bracket while adding in a flat tax on a 5 or 10 year plan to repay the debt is something I’ve been a big fan of.
The right way to look at it would be to say you’re getting calls on Monday because everyone who already bought is probably down a boatload
Yeah crazy that the CIA said that they are using PLTR on all social media platforms for data collection. Just wow
Dude 420x on 45p on the dipity dip
Jesus Christ I hope you’re trolling or obviously you just have to file bankruptcy bro Mabye NIO 50-55c 11/20 could save you a little bit, but yah bankruptcy lmao 😆
Subscribed
I bought today at the bottom. My position is currently up 30% I am going to drag my balls across your face after er
I believe that's called receiving a handjob.
[deleted]
You don't have the 370K cash to get assigned? I thought we all rich here.
Why would a guy with detailed dd as much as this, wait until 50 to buy in? Very bold assumption.
Trump had white hair today.
That’s what I have for big tendies. It’ll happen I can feel it
tell him media determines the election

he'll have a meltdown
Sorry I can't read either
[deleted]
Right?! 

We should just yolo our accounts into SPY shares. Fuk
u cant make funny jokes cuz ur not right wing conspiraawesome
So that foreign companies can be listed on major exchanges.
I'm calling the cops if you steal my bread
shit tricky bro. all i can say is when ur up 10k in a day and you still have a year left to go what do u do ? i sold my fiverr leaps 2 days ago and it went up more yesterday and today. 10k couldve been 15 or 20k if i just waited a day. maybe even 40k if i waited 3 months.
Could someone translate this for me please? I don't speak English
Sonos everything.
I can't tell if you're being /s. PTON's 52 week numbers are 17-140, so it looks like Citron missed. Is that true?
https://www.buchardtaudio.com/products/a500-black-bundle
There is no humor its just zero to butthurt.
[removed]
THIS ART HURT ME
dollar is dying SPY is thriving
12/11 310’s
Pursue women for short term relationships.

I know its hard to hear, but never look for a gf. I too want a gf and always have, but once I started dating I was always set up for jealous disappointment.

I switched to short term mentality and, yes its sad to say, only dream of having a gf again (ive had two total that were amazing and just moved away) at night.

Stay on the horse my man but recalibrate and live for urself not another individual. Hope this helps
Shut up Carl
Are you holding?
Don't they tell you if it's after earnings or before open?
Your all time peak is scaled down
Just a conspiracy theory:

I have an ugly hunch that tsla opening a factory in China will be its poison chalice.

In a couple years the Chinese EVs will have copied every ip and tech that tesla has and then the Chinese gov will kick tesla out on some flimsy excuse.

The big carrot in front of Musk is hiding china's hand on the trap door lever from view.

Just look at what happened with Huawei and the like, undercutting and copying Samsung and apple to grab 3rd biggest market share or so. If usa didn't block them they would soon screw the USA market (regardless how you feel about it, they'd just take over the lead).
Barely. Everyone knows after hours on the weekend don’t matter.
[deleted]
30c  ???
Yeah I haven’t bought one but I’m interested. Wasn’t sure whether you roll the trade out and higher or take profit or hang on as long as you can, guess it depends on each scebario
Give us something to work with at least, other than vague generalities.
Ahh.  Yolo.  No wonder you wrote all that to make yourself feel better.  What’s your plan if it gaps down to 30s on Monday?  Stocks that rise fast can go down just as fast.  Good luck.
You’re doing it wrong
He’s giving up. Pretty soon he won’t even piss into the toilet, just anywhere around the bowl
Do you mean [this one](https://ekizo.mandarake.co.jp/auction/item/itemInfoEn.html?index=508623)? If so then no, but it’s changed hands several times so maybe some day
What is a warrant?
[deleted]
Oh also, when you busted the day trade while being flagged, were you able to perform any other trades or was the restriction immediate ?
Kobe was on his way to wealthy tho

Is 3 comma club auto “wealthy”?
ep1 was aiite

ep 2 was pretty disappointing

havent seen 3 yet
Erik Prince's secret army
Somebody help me roast my friend who is a right wing conspiracist
Strike and Expiry?
[deleted]
Probably a python script or similar language.
Only $900... should have just held.
Where can I sign this cuz Andrew Cuck has fucked me one too many time
That’s why the ❎eekend✅ow was born
Yes.  Pass around the bag of flaming poo. Citron  merely lit it.  And now you've got the bag
They suck yo. Always wrong dates.

I like consistency. And pretty pictures.
You know you can always sell covered calls on dividend stocks.
Let me know how that goes. RH says that they have a policy to where they can lift it 3 times a year
Spce. It’ll rip all week or I’ll cut my arm off.
Lol do they let you invest your part of the 401k in random shit?
Bullshit they will just dump some crappy company and grab something hot and pretend its the same 30 companies for 100 years.
Literally every teacher I know owns a Peloton.
UR FUNARAL
I used to read the webpages of the sellers/makers of the tests. And that's part of what I learned. You can Google about the tests industry, but in this thread there is good enough information now imo.
Friendly reminder on the best way to make money: https://i.imgur.com/1RsVatc.jpg
Could Jesus microwave a burrito so hot that even he couldn’t eat it?
Curious to know strategy with leaps? Do you hold for the long haul or sell early if you have a 2-3 bagger on hand?
Which rumor is that
Bro, it’s unreal!

I have a 13 inch IPad Pro. Watching Porn on that one? mama mia!
i dunno but the opportunity cost has been high holding these calls
Too high to remember Google exists.
SPY at ATH and my account is not. Feelz bad.
stfu u said this stupid shit yesterday
Skip the sound bar. You got a badass TV. Invest in a receiver and some good speakers.
Must have some capital gains tax on his gambling addiction that he wants to wipe out lol
See you in the two commas club.
Everyone here has BABA calls. Looks like i’m getting puts on monday
Even after hours was just selling, like the momentum just died. 

Monday will certainly be interesting!
Good thing everyone has already gone all in
I feel you. I really don’t wanna go back to work.
They recently traced the corona virus back to themselves. Their software is too good.
Earnings bb.
> Put volume: 4,592  •  Call volume: 26,315  •  Put:Call Ratio: 0.17

From today on something I’m watching so... is this a good thing or bad thing or what
Is that the same as a soup kitchen?
[deleted]
its the IV crash, thats when the stock load up more fuels and to the moon.
Which was bought back up EOD. Bears are big fuk Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday.
Invest in mcPLNT instead
Colorblind settings.. I dont even know what red actually looks like
maybe
Sold this POS pre market today, could not been happier.  This POS had me kidnapped for like a month when I caught a falling knife.
Yup, and secret service is capable of dealing with trespassers

This isn’t really a worry anymore cause he pisses off everyone he’d need to back him. The military hates him, secret service hates him, ...

If that was his plan, he pissed off the wrong people
The boys >
I yolod 6k 42c 11/20 already
Back in the workforce I go...
What’s this mean? Wtfff why??
Sonos easy.
[deleted]
Hey
Hmm... that *is* true. Thanks! I liked some of their headsets though not my favorite.
my elo is embarrasing, still good enough to compete with wsb though
I’m high as shitt right now and this brings me to this question: do stocks move on Saturday and Sunday when no one is looking or they just rest ?
Just FYI everyone, this was actually a really big deal:

There was a huge baby milk/formula scandal that wrecked the trust the people of China had in their authority figures. Some people found guilty of the ordeal were **executed**.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Chinese_milk_scandal
Lmao you guys are insane. You really believe a company that has sold 17k cars in a quarter deserves a 64b valuation? Wild. 

NIO goes up over the next year, but this is a huge bubble. Start buying some puts to hedge your calls at the very least.
I want to try it but I had a PS4 Pro and One X but I never used the Pro so I sold it. Now I’m tempted to give PS5 a shot just for the controller lol.
This time it’s different
And then buy NIO calls. Sell on Wednesday and then buy plastic surgery. Then charge for each fat dude $10. Repeat until you are the next kardashian.
Just check robin or webull
CEOs in attendance included Ronald McDonald, steev job hologram, and Bil gate.
I was told they ONLY go up...
I hope you’re kidding
Nah.  It was all selling today, on huge volume.  Dip buying will happen in the low 30s.  You sound very worried about your position.  I’m guessing you bought today in the 50s?
[deleted]
Biden = Dow 30k. Nobody else could do it before him
0-0-1
First cash gang weekend in 4 months. Market is detached from reality. I will be sleeping gooood!
Not setting an alarm > sex
Explain to me how banks lose in a scenario where they have already sold off the federally guaranteed student loans to other buyers at high prices? Savings rates, new investors, and new loans could skyrocket. Suddenly a lot more people could be cash rich from the "wage increase" of student debt forgiveness. In the short and long-term banks stand to gain a lot. Also don't forget the way they will pay for this is supposedly increased taxes, which are already on the table along with a repeal of Trump's TCJA in 2017. What truly will happen though is impossible to predict, because sometimes economists work in their bubble and theorize far too much away from reality.
we playin chess now
Have you mom sew your ELO rating on your jacket.
Please check out the daily discussion thread.
tom collins
LI Auto: *Am I a joke to you?*
Bullshit your way into more and more and more loans as you slowly throw it all away due to your ~~bigly iq~~ retardation.
Also wait for a dip below the mean for better prices and higher chance of success.
Second ambulance I've heard in the past hour. Gonna be a looooong, dark winter, folks.
Round robin parlays for NFL or European soccer games if you want the same high
Hmm I'm not sure then after the last earnings it gapped up and had probably the best two weeks it's had so far. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if it goes down it seems the market isn't particularly surprised by earnings beat from e-commerce stocks with the exception of PDD which went up like 28% in the past two days. Just here hoping that since BABA took a huge beating and JD is taking customers from BABA that some of that will go to JD to break ATH after earnings.
I never noticed the gay bear sex in the background.
Just looked at NIO and realized why this place was so quiet tonight
You all like sours?
It was a very enjoyable 11 minutes
Pre 2010. Hence why things aren't the same.
When you see it goin down, it’s pretty much too late.
Yeah you want to go one dollar above price with a debit spread and two weeks. Then cash out at 50%+ gains if it's not day of expiry.
TED Lasso, way better.
I’m currently in the rip me for 90 days part. I’m talking with my broker to get the restriction lifted.
Is that good or bad? I don't watch many things. I also watched Evangelion but it's depressing af, for some reason the things that made me finish it were the sounds of bugs in those boring scenes.
bro post your record or gtfo
Buy NIO calls with your life savings
!remindme 7 days
[deleted]
Pleaseeee make it happen soon
people dont realize xpeng literally waits for tesla to announce their model, then copy exactly everything about the car, make a few tweaks they think are improvements, lower the cost a bit, and then advertise it directly against tesla's model. i was gonna invest at 20, but i didnt like their business model
Bled it all off buying things for next week too early in the day, if it makes you feel better
[removed]
How exactly does he refuse to leave office? Like lock the door to the Oval Office? Once Jan 20th is here, wouldn't he be trespassing? And who would be backing him up? The military or just Pence?
You can just write naked calls with almost same strike/expiration as the calls you’re trying to sell.
Everyone knows people are going to buy the shit out of the dip
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ANOTHER FRAUD STOCK????? THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE
[deleted]
Ha ha. Ha ha ha. 

(laughs nervously)
Tldr?
I’m in on  dec 18 25c  bro
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Subsidized is nice but unsubsidized is not. Or maybe I have those names mixed up, but one is definitely worse than the other
[removed]
Lol tsla
JBL Bar 9.1.  
Detachable surround speakers are so sick, crazy bass
Acquire/make some custom hifi speakers and don't settle for the sound bar.
https://chess.org/play/5755b01e-b6e8-4e7b-a82b-3bc527f44a3e
Another weak Mandolorian episode :/
[removed]
Magic.
JBL bar 2.1 deep bass. try  to find refurbished on ebay or amazon for deep discount
[removed]
Download Total War: Attila and watch your weekend disappear in 3, 2, 1
Who’s down to lose their virginity to Richard Branson in space?
12/18 364c has an OI of 180k, highest on the SPY chain iirc
No.  The reason was because speculators wanted to take profits.  Everyone knows this is a bubble.
[deleted]
Things you don't see in a chess thread.  This guy fucks.
Yeah but you have to tell them what they want to hear to access them. Watch some YouTube videos and learn how they work.
Planning to do that as well. I had some calls but shares is just safer. Who knows how long this could drag on for.
There is always risk for more downside with BABA, but I feel like it finally started to show some signs of fighting back after the initial selloff this morning. I am confident in next week, and also have positions.

BABA is oversold, just put up great numbers for their singles day, and JD, which also was faced with regulatory issues, has hardly had the reactionary selloff that BABA had (obviously the ANT IPO played a part in this).

BABA is still a great stock and without question a buy at this level. As COVID cases rise and more states enter lockdown, expect people to put money back into e-commerce and lockdown stocks--which got rocked after an announcement of a vaccine that can't even be transported happened.
[removed]
Markets may crash but LET'S GO! FINALLY LET OUR CORPORATE OVERLORDS REVEAL THEMSELVES AND TAKE OVER
Monday yolo call. Lets go!!!
I can't bet on Rutgers tomorrow. DKNG puts.
world?
This is soo fucking true and I hate it 💀💀💀
Bankruptcy my guy
It’s literally one of the only gyms still managing to survive Covid and most broke ass insecure people go to this gym. 

You think your school math teacher is buying a $2300 bike for the basement ? Hahahah

The stock seems boring to leverage but seemed like a decent investment
Price is per share, contract is 100 shares.  .31 x 100 x 2 = 62.

Don't know why you are trading options with no understanding of what they do or how they work.
Watch nio get delisted and spy have the longest bull run in history
Would post obligatory snitch, but satisfactorily obfuscated. So we should be good.
Positions or ban yourself
Just keep me posted if Bill Gross starts to run the show or some shit.
HD shaping up the same. ER tuesday. 300 incoming
[deleted]
Ignore uninformed comments- the sitting president HAS the power to cancel student loan debt. Would be a giant stimulus.
I think there's some placebo effect with veggie meat. My college dining hall had this really good teriyaki chicken and rice that I would get every time... Then I realized it was from the vegan area and it never tasted right to me again.
Fuck me
how you do that
Curtis Jackson was chosen
[removed]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
lel
Except people that buy there pickups, I mean they are top selling for decades now
smells like mad soy
Just scrolled down and downvoted every single comment about chess in the last 30 minutes lmao fuck
Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood or Durarara
Successfully climbed to the top of the bell curve
Pretty rude of them not to include my picture TBH.
It was never going to take over the world.  Probably won't go tits up but its best days are probably in the past.
Either growth assets are gonna skyrocket or we’re waking up to a mega red day open on Monday
Yeah but you need the full levels.
Why do you think the interest rates are ridiculous? The rates seem pretty reasonable to me.
Shares or options?
Come on BABA take me to the promise land ......
I was also trying to do some street level research on this outfit, living in Portland when I heard the word they were opening a location in the PNW I was all ears. Called IR, found out the where and when and was disappointed to discover that instead of the urban center of PDX, they chose the Washington Square Mall. Now, that’s not all bad because that’s in Washington County the more affluent end of PDX but it’s suburban for sure, so I called the mall to get some details on the type of space they leased. Now for the finale: they literally just leased a Kiosk spot just outside the Nordstrom. This is where you would hear the sad trombone music. Cheap and unprofessional... felt weak as fuck. Just my two cents, sold my position for a small gain at the time.
You belong here
No one needs planet fitness when everyone has a peloton in their basement.
Why the fuck is your graph pink?? Is there a level of autism I’m not reaching??
Are those available on RH I’m only level 2 on RH
Gimmie some sound bar recs.  Got a sick OLED tv. Sound is absolutely shit.  What should I ask Santa for for Xmas or KO someone over during this black Friday's WWE event coming up?
I am. 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Good thing 50% of your personal interest is free.
I think it i solid overall.  I bought when it dipped on Apple news and again this week.  

People always need computer accessories.
Fuck yeah
Me fucking yeow. No idea how I posted this on r/equities by accident. I thought this was WSB, a safe place for retards to discuss trade ideas that always moon when not one person gives it a fair shake.
Right the code and share it here, after you get your fresh tendies first though, of course
[deleted]
But that just means sometimes the nut IS worth it. Take the good with the bad, retard.
After Hours I guess.
Financial Derivatives
Cathie Aark is not happy; 

Resolute to take majority ownership of ARK Investment Management
ARK founder expresses 'disappointment' in the move
So much NIO.

PLTR 16c 1/15.
I am in it with 250k usd worth of shares.
Yeah that was bonkers
Fairy Dust 🧚‍♀️
“More than two dozen CEOs of major U.S. corporations took part in a video conference to discuss what to do if President Trump refuses to leave office or takes other steps to stay in power beyond the scheduled Jan. 20 inauguration of President-elect Biden.”
What an angry little asshole you are brandishing a brand new account to insult people. Beg forgiveness of your parents for failing them so hard.
Debit spreads on calls. Lowers the cost to like 50$ and your upside is double your investment, vs credit spreads on the opposite option where your upside is just half of your risk.
[deleted]
Is it just me, or is Guiliani a Batman character?
Yeah I’m talking shares only. This bitch is kicking sideways for a bit maybe.
Cintron also told people Peloton was gonna tank to $5 back in nov 2019... hail cintron the great predictor.
🤢🤢 sold my shares and bought BABA. Still have RKT leaps though.
850k.  Calls on $ROPE?
My girl awarded me 😍
guessing it goes nowhere until earnings after holidays come out
But it was on a tear!
Spce
What I want: IWM to make a move, SPY to test 360-361, NIO to rebound 47-48, QQQ to test 288-289, SE to gap up to 190, AAL to soar to 12.75, Wynn to test 95.

What will likely happen: IWM flat, QQQ moons to 295, Spy small green pp, NIO continues to shit the bed, SE flat, ABUS does nothing and AAL crashes into Wynn..
ban bets, chess in daily, @ mods give me a flair
Nah they just finance shit with ridiculous monthly payments expecting millions every year forever
Average American female is 170 lbs. Holy fucking shit balls, a bunch of cows.
My calls like this but I don’t think Monday is going to good regardless RIP
WHO ARE THESE ASSHOLES ANYWAYS😂😂😂
what meeting?
I've been team RKT since day one. Long haul.
Do you think LOGI is only good for specific pandemic period (as people stock up for home office, home schooling, gaming), or was it a pretty good company even before Covid and you foresee it being good after Covid as well?
It means Fucking DooDoo brains 🧠
You own the Macy's of video games what do you think?
There were 265 option contracts mentioned in the past 24 hours. The 15 most popular contracts are:

Ticker|Strike|Type|Date|Mentions
:--|--:|:--|--:|--:
NIO|$50|CALL|11/20|11
NIO|$60|CALL|11/20|9
NIO|$50|CALL|11/13|7
NIO|$50|CALL|11/27|6
FSR|$20|CALL|11/20|6
NIO|$45|PUT|11/20|6
SPY|$350|PUT|11/20|5
NIO|$55|CALL|11/13|4
NIO|$45|PUT|11/13|4
IWM|$150|PUT|3/19|4
NIO|$45|CALL|11/20|4
NIO|$40|CALL|11/20|3
NIO|$68|CALL|12/4|3
PLTR|$20|CALL|11/20|3
SPY|$350|PUT|11/18|3
Smahrt
There's one in NE wyoming by devil's tower (bear lodge I think) they always talk about restarting
If BABA goes down again Monday I’m just gonna buy hella shares and average down as much as I need to. The second Jack and Xi make up, BABA will moon
they recouped all that back the next morning. Great earnings. I sold before the er and been waiting to get back in.
Starts with 习 and ends with 近平
😂
Mad respect for him though (don't hurt me).
Luck
Elon Musk admitted TSLA almost went bankrupt
Which ones?
No country would have waited 4+ years to create a COVID vaccine. 

Point in case: BioNTech (the company that took on most of the vaccine development work) is based in Germany and clinical trials of their vaccine will also begin in Europe.
Shits gonna crash if all the ceos had that meeting
What kind of spread? Mayo? I’m very new and very autistic to options trading.
What did you do to be 850k in debt?
Haha u started a trend dude
I got shares and love RKT shares, but options seems like you'll get fucked with calls or puts.
Me
Thank you for your service.
SPCE calls. Launch coming up 🚀
Solo cars look retarded but Americans love retarded stuff. That’s your solo dd
>This has moved out of its trading channel

I *think* I know what you mean here but I just want to double check. Are you saying it's no longer being traded by people who follow the company closely, and that it's seeing investment from general public who are more easily swayed one way or the other without doing their own DD?

(Or is there a specific definition of Trading Channel I'm missing)?
Its crazy how healing just listening to music can be
[deleted]
Watched the first episode. Thought it was Nickelodeon Berserk.
Spy 400 monday
Figerelo Daruchi
Master jealousy quietly then attempt again.
They had a good earnings but fell right?
I'd take profits if we get to $280 at any point in the week.
Who wants to get it in chess?
ACB calls last Friday
Ok since you guys are stealing my chess shit I’m gonna show up to your lobby and murk you
If you’re not in SPCE you’re sleeping. Space flight next week it will rocket
WTF is going on with GME?...  am I bag holding?
I have a better yolo. Bears moneyline on sunday
awful attitude tbh
Lol calm down Karen. If most stocks aren't that high then why even bother asking. Just buy calls without thinking smartass
I'm here for this
Wow this sub got so serious suddenly, y’all must be losing a lot
Shits going to the moon. Just hodle. Their car sales are through the roof. Double down.
A crow just flew by and yelled “calls! Calls!” 
It’s a sign the bubble isn’t ready yet.
I've had both beyond and impossible standalone and I like impossible better.
Are you still holding and what position
That or TDOC
What it mean
It’s been a thing for 6months now.
I’m poor again
[https://chess.org/play/dcf11f53-3f56-44b4-9fb6-58d757cfda7d](https://chess.org/play/dcf11f53-3f56-44b4-9fb6-58d757cfda7d)

&#x200B;

Anyone who wants to get smacked come thru
same 3 kids. wife lazy as fuck. work 80 hour weeks.
Could maybe be good
Depending on what side you're on, pretty much.
Nice, glad it worked for you.  Fidelity bastards have some sort of auto sell program that drops the price, triggers your stop, and then makes the price go up.  I had to quit using the thing because it kept randomly selling on green days.  The only way to stop it was with some ridiculous 15% band, and then it's roo late.
Funky Diddy
What puts? SPY? Great chance you fucked.

Nevermind.. 11/16 so it's SPY. Yeah, you're fucked.
Anyone here feeling RKT?
Always faithful here
hey guys I'm 850k in debt and put my last $30k that I borrowed from my 401k into robinhood.  What's a good yolo to triple my money
Figgedy diggedy
I’m neck and neck with WSB
I lost
Being lonely sucks but it’s better than chasing females and being disappointed in the end. Only leads to heartbreak and jealousy really. Sometimes chasing that nut just ain’t worth it
Why would you get a 300 when 295 is literally 2 dollars more
Bro if you don’t realize this subreddit is hyperbolic jokes, you have a fickle soul
Like when Ford ripped off Mercedes by building a car
What was it Carlin said?  Golf is as exciting as watching flys fuck.
Can anyone get Alex Jones to fact check this for us. Asking for a friend
It’s a British cigarette’s delight
like a moldy orange
Monday. We’ll open at Thursday prices and end on Friday prices
Solo is going to get the cars delivered early-mid 2021 I emailed them asking just a guess but could really boom considering they have around 100,000 preorders
And he's not even 75! Probably stressful job
what’s good with all the chess rn?
So fucking bored. Want it to be Monday already but at the same time I don't cuz I gotta work. The duality of man. 😌
.
Damn polar bears and their acoustic versions. But definitely agree about cruises lmao. RCL went up 3% because they got 5k emails of interest in a “mock cruise”? Whatever the fuck that is. Let’s break out the drill Monday
theta gang has entered the chat
Workin at pizza hut, I think ots fine could barely tell of difference, bit my buddy says it's worse then actual dog shit so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Probably not. There wasn't much reactionary movement to the current COVID situation, and it might become even more clear over the weekend. It wouldn't surprise me if SPY tested levels \~352 early in the session. I don't expect SPY to have some huge downward movement over the week, especially as people turn more away from cyclicals and back into Tech COVID stocks, but hey.

Also everything I just wrote will probably be wrong because SPY doesn't give a fuck.
Slugging a dozen beers, smoking some darts, and doing a few lines and saying you're golfing > actually playing golf.
What
[\*chuckles* I'm in danger](https://i.imgur.com/uRzn8AF.jpg)
10-10-2

[https://chess.org/play/243e1dde-7efa-4775-bcad-77c5bb8eee7a](https://chess.org/play/243e1dde-7efa-4775-bcad-77c5bb8eee7a)
If you aint gonna spent a couple grand you might as well get a ps5
ok so why am i not allowed to post anything with "which one of you retards" but this has been up for 7 hours and has 14.7k upvotes
Read the fucking title.
Suck my unicorn horn
4-11 what was different?
What does it do
Holy shot. William Li is a beast.
What does FD mean, Free Dinero?
You guys know what it is

[https://chess.org/play/af3fcfb8-df0f-4b23-b129-cfca9706b464](https://chess.org/play/af3fcfb8-df0f-4b23-b129-cfca9706b464)
Goblin slayer. It's entertaining.
Patience. There will always be more memes.
Your all welcome!
[translation](https://youtu.be/JXZMIfJR7aY)
This could qualify as a WSB anthem or at least some hype music for when we step on the dance floor cuz the market do b going “to and fro” and in turn makes us fools go “to and fro”...especially like what NIO pulled today
How did you go from $900 to 4k ?
Cramer shilling gold makes me scared holding mostly GLD calls.
check UUP AH 👀
Love the city hate the syndrome.
Just those of you who can read. The rest are safe!
[removed]
Buy NIO now.

Get tendies and bitches tomorrow.
Hey retards, I'm as retarded as you all but lately my calls have all been correct. Baba long, short cruises and theaters. Baba is seriously undervalued and the pump on businesses affected by covid today was more acoustic than a vaccinated polish premature baby. Thanks for reading my Teddy bear talk
Actually playing golf > the Masters
All good! We get it a lot.
Robinhood caught me lacking in 4K. Fuck.
Yes. Figure out how to use it. Write kickass DD for us.
Someone called?
You mean PLTR right???
How is my BABA 300c 11/20 looking?
Hey Octa, go fuck yourself.

Look guys I got him.. ha hahaha
Janet ‘i stroke out during speeches’ Yellen?
Holy shit 🥭 has gray hair now
I've been all in crsr since options went live and its been saving my portfolio. This shit hitting $40 end of year
Thanks G
This is the way!
He said 2 billion orders not dollars. Dont call me a retard u retard
Bro if you were about to lose your family over 10k, that is a fickle fucking family
Chess is apparently the way.
I am pretty new as well so I wouldn't really take advice from me. And it really depends on what your goal is. My goal is to hold a stock for a few years and hopefully see it dominate in an industry -- i.e. become a leader like Amazon in retail/cloud. 

If you're willing to wait 1-5 years, I think this stock has potential to go $60-100 by end of next year, and after that sky might be the limit. China is dead serious about green energy. If you go on youtube and search for terms like "china desertification" you'll see why. 

Global warming is destroying China. They see it as an existential crisis for them. It's not like America where if the next president is Republican he might cancel green energy rebates. They are all in.

I believe in NIO because I doubt China is willing to hand over entire segments of their EV industry to Tesla. I'm not saying China is going to dick over Tesla or anything, but I definitely think China will give a helping hand to their EV players when necessary.

Now this doesn't mean NIO isn't a risk. But I feel is a risk worth taking given that all new car sales in 2035 has to be new energy vehicles. 

* [Desertification of China](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSn6S-H7m-8&t=91s)

* [Sand storms in Chinese cities](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMnE_IwE61E&)

It's hard for me to watch those videos and not believe China would be extremely dedicated to EVs.
It’s a sign brother Mike.
Great comeback from Black
10-9-2

[https://chess.org/play/85bf260f-baa6-4c63-a009-1e3a364fdadd](https://chess.org/play/85bf260f-baa6-4c63-a009-1e3a364fdadd)
So I just saw pictures of the SOLO car and it literally looks like a car amputee.
They dumped like 44k (11.5milish) of BABA for it.
Damn.
Folks selling after the spac deal closed I expect
Up 50k today. Hopeful for good news Sunday and upward movement Monday.
He let me out of the closet
I’ve lost 16k. I’m down to 1k left. It’s all in BABA calls ...
I have 17.50c for January 2023. Isn’t this free money?
CHWY. Always.
I remember when I upgraded from a 6 to the xs max. Shit was a game changer

Wait until you see what life is like with an iPad tho...
So I’m outside of the club and you think I’m a puuuuuunk?
Fuckin Biden
Thats a good idea. Lets do it
Nah...you really don't
I made basically this same post and my name is Mike lol
Sorry, do you ever watch how bonds effect the stock market? It might be interesting to look into how different bonds effect different industries. Pump to $14 was an election boos, but the Monday 6.50-8.50 pump was a cyclical pump from the bonds, and the tail end makes me think they were consolidating for another major pump.
Are you trying to make us learn?
doing research on the flash crash of 2010.  

[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/01/29/flash-crash-trader-navinder-singh-sarao-sentenced-to-home-detention.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/01/29/flash-crash-trader-navinder-singh-sarao-sentenced-to-home-detention.html)  

\>**Lawyers argued that Sarao viewed markets as a “sophisticated video game.”**  

lmfao, this about one of the ppl they say caused the crash
Tip the fuck
10k would have lost your family?  Good think you are done with weeklies.  10k is meaningless if you lose your family
Hopefully not till next year
“...struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is heard no more.”
Ilrrrr I hope sooo😿😿😿
THIS IS THE WAY !
Yeah, that's the vibe I got too. Weird DD: I've got a very-liberal friend in India who hates Trump but would see him re-elected because he's worried about China's soft-power expansion. So I figure if soft-power expansion is so important to them, they won't do anything to truly kneecap one of their tech powerhouses. In fact, what they want to do is inspire investor confidence- after the Luckin fiasco they want to tighten up regs. Probably to avoid financial catastrophe, exactly as you describe. 

The way they did it was pretty dramatic and had the opposite effect on short-term foreign confidence, it has people saying "oh the CCP is just gonna CCP" but I think you're right that it's just a long-term move that will actually protect consumers and investors.
Just saw an ad for pizza plant meat pizza. Anyone try o
Eh, can’t speak for Dallas. In Houston they could be scraping plague body’s into a fire and people would still be like “gotta go to work.”
Once had an ex tell me Elf was a better Christmas movie than Bad Santa. Immediately drank a bottle of whiskey and pissed my pants.
Just got a small loan of a million dollars from daddy to become a successful businessman

What am I yoloing on, Monday? Nio? XPEV?
Bro just spend that on a nice prostitute and some cocaine.

Much better than lighting it on fire with puts
Save my calls
If you buy into the hype, take profit, be prepared, don't be surprised for a sell off like this, watch your position size

High risk, high reward
Trump could be planning this with his latest Pentagon purge. Could offend my TSLA $435 2/19 calls if some cities get nuked.
Cancel? Are you high? Someone has to pay for it and it's not gonna be Mexico.  
My guess is another boom in price of education and new loans.
Much more likely to hit 200 than it is to hit 300 rn
I bought 300c 3/19/21 today. IV is only 42% which I dont think is bad. Im just a little worried about the gov crack down on it. Also ARKW dumped 44388 shares today too.
Darker than black

Samurai X OVAs

Akame ga Kill

Of course, AoT and kimetsu no yaiba,  demon slayer.

Or watch a kick ass korean revenge flick, The Man from Nowhere. Hwayi: Monster Boy
i guess you work somewhere they pay every 2 weeks... but i could be wrong
It’s a big room banger where my edm autistics at
Lmfao - they was hella trashing this stock $baba on Webull chat 😆 😂
Yes, 500 shares.  I just slowly acquire over time.  When I make onna short term trade i use a little bit to buy a few shares at a time.  Long term hold.  Lithium demand will increase in the future, but shortages that'll impact lithium stocks might not be felt for a while (2025 and beyond). Now is the time to position yourself though for the coming EV wave in the later part of the decade. 8-10 years will go by in no time.  I'll probably stop after 1000-1500 shares.
Pls explain this to me like I’m 5 idk how to read 🤔
禁止他
I was told there would be lambos and hot women
nio etc will get banned or fooked by xi and everyone will pile into tesla. elon knows
if they do, it will do another autist pump and i'm goin all in
[deleted]
Last 500 in 11/16 puts am i fucc????
Preach!
EIX.  I just typed random letters into robinhood until they matched an actual stock.
This was hilarious and no one will ever know. Have a good weekend bud.
Man. If SE manages to beat earnings this quarter after failing the last like four, I can see ath. I don’t have any TA, but their movement the last couple weeks has been super slept on. It had some really good gains and some crazy fucking dips. I brought it up on the sub a few times and call holders basically told me to 🤫 so the thread doesn’t turn it into a meme.
I'm all in at 14 idgaf son
I’ve jacked it to Sara Underwood clothed
Just jerked off while watching Pornhub on my new IPhone pro max. Pretty dope. Calls on AAPL.
[deleted]
10k - 12k- 7k -900 -4k -11k

Can’t fucking believe I dug out of my hole. I don’t have to lose my family. I retire fromFDs.

See y’all Monday.
My current positions:

$160c WMT 12/18

$50c GM 1/15/21

$185c GLD 12/18
dunno but I bought 50 at 23 a share lol
Ban
Did not know this. Thanks for the DD.
it’s a matter of perspective
Who the hell in here . Show your fking face
It's a piece of shit. You're getting downvoted by zoomers who grew up with it and don't realize how shitty it is. They probably also like the live action Grinch Who Stole Christmas.
According to Bernie, yes. Can the Dems push it through Senate? Doubtful
Why don't NFL games last 24/7?
Trailer Park Helen is a man. Change my mind.
We need to start a WSB poker tournament every weekend to hold us over until Monday.
Lmao I needed this to realize the memes earlier today talking about citron were not talking about the French car manufacturer
yeah no worries dude. Practically everything you could learn with a degree is online somewhere for free. Hang out in /r/cscarrerquestions  if you wanna ask more questions or get help by those already in the field, or even make a connection and possibly land an interview. GL dude
"Mmmmm wooo this soup is good. That's gonna leave a mark!"
✊🍆😩💦😃
When do you guys think PSTH is going to announce a deal
Wish i had a time machine in order to participate in the mentioned gains!
First listoff I entirely agree with.
54
Does WSB have enough power to get him in the HoF
Tldr: be a bitch
How are you gaining money?
What if they go uppsies but I am downie?
Bitch Left of Citrus Research says Jumia is worth $100 right now lmao
Just years if investing/trading, studying charts, making mistakes and learning from it, etc...
Do you have Asuka in the hospital bed after Shinji was there?
[deleted]
I have 600$ in Jan 20c . It’s all good, really 🥶
Look at the breakeven price....
Pretty sure Pete Rose lurks this sub.
I wanna see it too lol so many retards in here were buying calls when it was $52+ this morning.
You can trade 24/5 with most real brokerages.
Nah have bought and sold ACB before and made like 30%, yeah I did, will probably buy in again in the next few days with more money
Looking in to Livent (LTHM), looks like a potential play. Anyone here have a stake one way or another?
Hopefully I find the next 20 bagger
Sorry for wrongly accusing the mods of corruption
Does this mean 17c 11/20 is still good? 🥺
What are you in for?

No sass genuine question
No kitchen.
Political law news and gossip.
[I realize this didn’t need it’s own post ](https://imgur.com/gallery/DHLHht2)
As we speak MMs crunching #s between calls and puts to ensure to fuck over the majority Monday. TA, news, earnings, etc don’t matter. Simple #s game- just hope you are on the right side
Beta move
Luckily you live here then. We have a lot of big women
But but you are still up over 1100% right ?!
Did you grab some calls on LOGI when it dipped this week?.  It has been great this week so far.
That series between Magnus and that American showed how soulless non time constrained chess can be (endlessly research their opponent with entire friggin teams of grand masters).  Magnus whooping his ass in the time limited formats showed the real game imo.
Irrelevant business model. Running away from zombies is the only exercise you’ll need in the future.
yup!
Climbed out of the hole today and my accounts finally positive but I feel lost now that the big meme stocks are dying
way beyond
Wrong, I've been doing this for so long I can tell when someone knows little about the subject. There are many ways to view this but judging from your statement I can tell it is truly from an origin of low IQ. Do you know  how to read charts? If so what it your prediction?
That's because the baby formula there is made of babies, not for babies.
theta gonna get him, but not gonna "get dat ass"
[deleted]
I like my women big. 🌭🍔🍟🍕
Only 1.3%
Bro have you seen a Swedish girl
Red week. All in on spy puts
Ya got me
New thread
Me like
Good insight, thanks. How are the new rules and fintech regulations and the Jack Ma controversy being portrayed in the media there?

wondering if investors and merchants will avoid BABA products in favor of PDD at an even greater rate going forward.
Bought at the top yesterday lol
I will digest and analyze this. Simply, how did you learn this?
They do only go up, but you cant pick the timeframe of 1 week and take it as law. Id hold off.
I miss the days when people would see this;

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327389689213423616?s=19

And speculate if elon was sending a signal about Tesla's stock.
[deleted]
You don’t need more than 2 
  
to clean your ears.
[removed]
I wonder how many of those athletes that go broke are yoloing FDs
December
What was the loss?
Puts on private prisons?
Into orbit?? 🚀
Soon! But now!
Say it with me now....Market Manipulation.
They have chicks for days...way better
in a recent chinese population survey, NIO received 34% of votes in a survey about which EV they prefer. This was the most votes of any company, including TSLA, BMW, XPEV
Stockholm is pretty cool.
Nio stock price too high imo
Its not proper to say on here but huge fan of ETFs.  Not an individual stonk kind of guy.
Just do spreads, safer. They can't go up that far that fast.
Please judge/opine on my positions for Monday: 

NIO debit spread 11/20 47C/55C. Bought dip—2 dollar net debit. 7k exposure. Down like 15%. Will cut on Monday if I get to ~30% in losses otherwise, I plan to hold and exit if it tests 47-48 before ER. 

AAL 11/20 12.5C picked up EOD

IWM long strangle 11/20 173/172 

QQQ 11/20 290P

ABUS 11/20  5C 

Wynn 11/20 93C

SE debit spread 11/20 195C/205C. Been playing all week and rolling up vertically 

SPY 11/20 359C
I agree with this period so many of them have already earned so much more money just off of the ridiculous interest charged on student loans, the loss wouldn't be as great as it would initially seem
100% printing
No
Why do people think Sweden is such a good country? I bet they don’t even have Chick-fil-A. Losers.
Wicked nostalgia, thanks
Ok puts it is then
But with futures gapping up or down you do lose it anyway, you just lose the chance to do anything about it lol
Right here with you, if I can survive 2020 I like my chances.
Pretty much
Always
🤢🤮🤮🤮
Lol
? War causes defense and oil stocks to moon

Trump tweeted about shooting an Iranian boat in April and it caused the entire sector to shoot up like 10%
What’s there to investigate. He’s been doing this shit for years right in the open. You can really tell how many retailtards just got into the markets lolololok
Give them some grieving time bro. Citron did a number on them.
Yeah I love how people make claims with such conviction, like we aren't all just making educated guesses at best
Production problem? They're an expanding company growing in size to accomodate their increasing sales. I wouldn't say that's a production problem. I would say that's future growth incoming.
Aren’t kids expensive? I only have cats and tons of free time.
Damn lol
What shit
The shitposts are also good for this sub. Many of the memes end up getting to the front page, which brings in new users, and therefore more people to buy my shit.
Is this in Greenwich? Lol
Theoretically though, you could have an optimal move for any situation. Interesting to think about....at the very top level of chess, I imagine the players essentially max out their mental RAM with as many of the optimal moves as they can remember and then it just defaults back to “backyard” chess thinking deeply through every move.
Dad is that you?
Yeah I love it. And really? That surprises me with how bad Dallas’s Covid numbers were. I also have seen some reports of schools closing there but I don’t know if that’s just speculation or not
Have not lost yet my friend, only had to disconnect due to an error
lol
Duh lol. Stonks are ez guys
On mobile. Don't care
Ahh I thought I was the only one with a beautiful dream
Calls safe????
In 10 years?
Yes neeggaaahhh
do planet 13 instead. (PLNHF)
Nio will grab them all by their lemons and make lemonade out of Citrus Research and the Bitch Left bears
DInero what a name
Oil plummets
Futures is close to 6 days a week and kryp-toe is 24/7. There's a way to lose money every minute of the day.
Spy is technically down for the week when you think about it.
Nah protect your tool and study your prey
U do this?
Starts with an X
You snooze u lose bro
You can tell everyone's stuck at home tonight lol
I’m not sure any sectors in particular would be crushed. Since there’s a ton of money in private loans, we wouldn’t see those impacted - only the federally held loans would be impacted. My guess is we may see the 10 year treasury go up, because long term spending would increase by the consumers who are bogged down by the debts. Maybe those private financial companies who financed student loans would get a boost because they are the only game in town on that paper?
Signed! How do I redeem the tendies?
**virus link, flagged by my browser**

nobody click this
[deleted]
I wouldn't worry too much about it. Personally I'm not. There's good reason behind the whole Ant Group, Alibaba and Chinese government drama if you care to dig into it. The Chinese government is putting a cap on micro lending on asset backed securities. So now fintech companies need to fund a minimim 30% of all loans (previously, it was 0). I'm assuming it's because they don't want some financial catastrophe as a result of encouraging irresponsible risk taking like the mortgaged back security housing crisis of 08 - 09. Long story short, they didn't want every mom and pop to borrow a ton of money to gamble it on FDs, multiple houses and other assets like Masayoshi Son.

Just my 2cents on the whole alibaba drama. But I would encourage to do your own digging. I most likely missed out some detail.
Just narrow in on weekly spy calls/options
🤣 oh boy
damn get shit on jesusa
Chinese people know a lot of their products are shit. When they travel abroad they stock up on baby formula because they absolutely refuse to give their babys formula made In China.
No money, no dice fuck that game.
Is war with Iran priced in?
Anyone else close out their broker cause they think looking at it will jinx it
Petitions work?
Can we agree, that shit was out of control
I also work in one of the most profitable clubs in the country and Walmart’s HQ is in Northwest Arkansas so we get huge shipments regularly
Nah
BABA long holders. Don't even sweat. JD will crush earnings monday pre-market. Baba fomo will start before market open. Easy money
Elementary dear Watson.
Are you me?
I feel it in me bhole
Change.org is more gay than people thinking anyone cares about this dude. Let it go this shit happens every day at least he’s open about it.
sorry bout ur callz
Alright I'm holdin then
Sometimes free room and board, too.
what an autist, u think its even a possibilty that mf sleepy joe is just gonna "cancel student loan debt"? Well, if you do, bank and finance stocks would go down the shitter, weed and alcohol stocks would probably go to the moon
Calls on $CHESS tonight, apparently.
Never play f3
Retard
China government directly buys chinese companies, that's what he's saying. It's well known that they manipulate the hell out of their market and anything they think will bring honor and prestige to the country.

It will be interesting to see what they do with nio because it's so incredibly overvalued, but having a 'chinese tesla' is good PR for them too.  I don't know what their budget is for bagholding though.
this is the way
Technically a good trade.
NIO $65 C 11/20 reporting for duty
9-9-2

gg

[https://chess.org/play/90191a0b-84e5-4de5-b2a6-e36accd400c9](https://chess.org/play/90191a0b-84e5-4de5-b2a6-e36accd400c9)
The huge amount of new spending power freed up would be great for basically every industry.   And the banks would be the only ones who would loose out.   But in lon run they may do better with people having money free to put down deposits on cars and houses again giving them a new income
Kind of cliche but Ghost in the shell has always been pretty solid.
what is this eating with the family you speak of ?
This is the way
Yes I agree... Nasdaq has made a healthy retrace into that 9% weekly candle from it's prior week and is currently consolidating for its next move while the dow and spx still hasn't made that move which we all know it has to by the laws of the algos
Chris Farley the ultimate yolo
[deleted]
Change.org.... Lol
That’s fuckin epic
Oh cool, Arkansas is beautiful. I’m in Texas and things seem normal here.
They filed bankruptcy
If they make if official only 4 days of school a week then they should make 6 days of trading a week
Where’s the loss porn from nio drop
[deleted]
Why do you think options volume is indicative of anything? Institutional investors, maybe, but a bunch of retail fuckdards hyping over a meme stock means jack shit. They may be right, or they may be wrong, but basing your opinion on options volume means that you truly belong in this sub.
calls on "country boy can survive"
He thought this was America!

If this was posted already that proves south park lives in our brains.
Yes sir
Shitposts are the perfect way to chill intraday and relax, laugh, after hours.
Lightening up the mood is essential in this game. 
  
Multitudinous shitposts FTW.
I’d yolo a Put on WYNN
Or on Boeing cuz they ain’t recovering for at least 3 years
Thanks, definitely need BABA to turn the fuck around.  Heading the wrong direction blindfolded on a packed interstate
Will Kodak receive that 750 million loan. Yes or no? Go
Wow, all the big boys are stacking up. Only a matter of time before we get price target raises, upgrades. This thing is going to at least 30$ by February 2021. 

&#x200B;

WALLSTREETBETS GANG RISE UP
For the mouth breathers there is but one question to spark a month long dioxide production;  "what would you do if you won the lottery?" These breathers save no money and can only dream, and love to talk, albeit with weird accent.
Dude. This is a great question.
Yo what are the chances AMD breaks 90 next week? Looking for break even 😬
If you're Asian
This is awesome! Good job man
Nakamura trades mad options. Maybe he's in here lol
Didn't see it, sent you one now
This is one of the strategies. Ask to borrow $20 every now and then and repay them after 6 months of excuses as to why you can't pay it back.
True
Whats your price target for PING after its 40% slide this month?
Ew take it off
Arkansas, which I guess one could say we probably have more right wind conspiracy people than most. But we’d also be one of the states to fight a lockdown the most so I think it might even out.

Sam’s also has a much different crowd than, say, a Walmart down here
That's the point. It keeps the poors in their place.
Hope your calls print at least...
Because people would be pissed if they lost untold amounts of money while they were getting necessary sleep or eating with the family.
Yo fuck you. Zoey dechanel singing in the shower changed me
accept the challenge if you dare 

[https://chess.org/play/0517ebfb-dcfe-448e-83b3-0f5a400caced](https://chess.org/play/0517ebfb-dcfe-448e-83b3-0f5a400caced)
Some f** keeps downvoting these posts. Go beat your gf or dog or something you miserable fuck.
Robinhood is glitching
Guys, I found the secret to not losing all your money with these 3 life hacks!!

1. Marry a lazy wife so you have to do all the chores
2. Get a very job demanding job where you have to work 60+ hours and travel
3. Have kids

Using these three tips you'll have no life and no time to even look at your phone.  Life is great, yeah
Picked up 360 Monday’s and 370 Friday’s If they are itm on Monday I’ll be very happy
[deleted]
If you look at the past two weekly candles of the NASDAQ you'd see that this week's candle made a lower wick into the prior weeks massive 9% candle (that's called a retrace > up, down, consolidate, next move up = healthy/steady/less volatile price action) - if you look at the DOW, this week's candle big gap up over prior weeks without a similar retrace / spx this week's candle not entering prior weeks massive 7% would make me nervous and very cautious right now on the bullish side as it'll likely selloff more/harder as it creates more space away from it
Do u feel the bull market?
Also: 
-Cathie Woods and ARKW acquired an additional 1.025M shares 
-Canadian Pension Plan Investment acquired 24.16M shares, making it their 3rd largest position
Makin money in the stonk markets is not hard. Just pick the stonks that go uppsies.
Buy nio calls autist
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** This man wiped out $3.7 billion in shareholder value in one day

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtuxog
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtuxog) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/needhelp48393, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
EquivalentSelection
M3ATYWHACK
Thebush121
*underrated
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I think wsbs biggest issue, myself included is the hive mind autism that makes it what it is. If we just looked at patterns and trends we would 1000% be less retarded
Someone must be a south pole elf.
Top dudes pretty much have the first 20 moves memorized based on what math and computers say is the optimal thing to do based on first few moves.
u/discountpsedits
Queen Gambit
Puts on your sex life.
Still, I bet the fella ahead of you would explain how to scratch it if you asked nicely.
Why can’t we trade 24/7
yes
Whats your ppb (price per breath) for each of your dioxide stewards? How many lentils per viet? Will you relegate height/weight of viet to use cheaper customer grade treadmill? Please do dd.
Samurai Champloo. Same director as Cowboy Bebop
Yes https://www.wsj.com/articles/in-biden-detroit-gets-a-car-guy-with-electric-vehicles-on-his-mind-11604923200
Elf is one of the most overrated Christmas movies of all time. Change my mind.
Play me [https://www.chess.com/member/squaresurfer](https://www.chess.com/member/squaresurfer)
can we get juicy tendies before the earnings dip too please
That’s the point
DKNG 50c 12/18
BABA 310c 12/18
FSLY 80c 12/18
she finessed you
Well, this just must be true.
I occasionally directly ask what's worth looking into, but also I look at visualize map and select a couple of the biggest, medium and smallest in a sector, or see what's moving in the Russell
芒果人出去了，困了乔在里面。买股票快乐时光

JD 105c 11/20, BABA 280c 1/21
Evangelion is my favorite

[ive got a collection of production material worth north of $100k](https://danimation-cels.com/evangelion-cels/) for a reason
Is this the son of the 5g bet call guy
Nothing
People beat stocks off so fucking hard or say you’re wrong about something while they’ve done literally zero research fuck off
Didn’t have 30k back then. This was a couple years ago when I was a broker than broke college student, didn’t even know about wsb. Saw a long term play  and got some OTM calls. First options trade I ever made.
No, I am apparently not quite retarded enough yet
QQQ is less work lol.
,
**FUCK YEAHHHH**

Is it Supernova in the East V?
This shit gonna be itm Sunday and the markets not even open Sunday
What state you in?
Eh I just got into it the last few years you have to spend a couple grand on your PC for it to be worth it tho
I should have kept my award for this one.. have my upboot
because hes a cuck, atleast we get a juicy dip
Naruto
The fucking title says it was a glitch you idiot
How do good chess players approach a match? Is there a defined sequence of moves you typically follow for a while that depends on the opponents moves? How long until you just have to brute force think through every move?
Bad idea its not NIO
Imagine calling a girl daddy. That has got to be the worst podcast I’ve ever heard.
Just do that for 100 weeks and you'll be a master. 

_Ten thousand hours felt like ten thousand ants
Ten thousand ants, they carry me_
Flat between $40-46 would fuck me the worst, I just need movement
Better than Dennys, not as good as NIO options
[deleted]
https://www.businessinsider.com/tesla-tequila-teslaquila-resold-online-ebay-empty-bottle-2020-11

"One bottle sold for **$1,420.69**, though it's unclear how many completed sales will actually go through, without either the seller or the buyer backing out."
Two billion dollars worth of pre orders is only 100,000 retard
Do you have a position? That’s a sweet game btw!!
Anti Chinese hit job. Perfect timing right after mangos announcement on Chinese stock restrictions
I know WSB has some good chess players here 

[https://chess.org/play/829732f0-f07f-4279-a06c-dfaf04de66aa](https://chess.org/play/829732f0-f07f-4279-a06c-dfaf04de66aa)
If you have a vagina and were raised in a village, maybe.
It’s a bummer that we can’t trade options 24/7
ban
I'm glad playing so much chess instead of making friends or having a social life is paying off
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCLaVTzNliA&ab\_channel=SmarteronNet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCLaVTzNliA&ab_channel=SmarteronNet)

Ma's LOVE!
Sure. Hope FAA thinks the same, because I have half of my portfolio in spce shares
Can the SEC investigate Robinhood for letting me execute my shitty trades? I should be rich as fuck, but instead I'm poor as shit.
Whore yourself out to 1000 fat dudes for $1 each.
Hang on a little longer....
[deleted]
Lol nio $100 eoy if found guilty
Are you a CEO?
[deleted]
That Rose Garden vaccine pump was a solid one. 369 cuz I'm nasty.
The butthurt and capital losses in this post is strong
[deleted]
Hell ya
I feel like the only way to win with NVDA is leaps, shares or maybe credit spreads. That theta is brutal. I could be wrong tho or the r word
Trump is off his rocker. He has no end game here wtf. Everything by next Friday when the recount is finished should settle it.
Sent a challenge
Congrats! Time to be responsible!
I just swing FAGMAN stocks.
He's rich, that makes him attractive.
It was worth a shot
How much u think this week
The ironic thing is that the Chinese stock _touched your heart_
Y’all think Biden will hand out government subsidies to new EV buyers?
I’m balls deep in MFAC, supposed to be merging with BankMobile but who knows
Why are so many CEOs so fucking retarded
[deleted]
wtf is happening with the masters, since its november its gettting dark faster and they can't finish the rounds in time?
You'll never make money with that attitude
I dig that, too bad bars are fuckin closed night life ain’t the same
4.7 inches is not small
Fuck you sir, well played. 👏
Looking for a good anime like Cowboy Bebop or Yu Yu Hakusho. No big eye big titty cat maids.
I've tried to mess with it, but there's no volume and no options, I'm gonna wait for a few weeks before earnings, which will probably make it go up bigly from gun sales, its gonna go to the moon either way
Yeah I remember that. I think it has to do with China and pork or the storm that destroyed crops.
Positions or ban
What do you guys think about that Spac etf. Actual potential or just bullshit?
I was up about $3500 at open...closed with a $400 loss. NIO, LI, and XPEV took me on a ride. Still holdin til March
Sad but true
My favorite thing to do is sacrifice all my chess pieces and make them stalemate
Good DD
I work at Sam’s club. We run out of toilet paper the day it comes in and have a purchase limit of 1 per transaction. People are buying a shit ton of meat too. 10 different people said something along the lines of “gotta get this while we still can” just today. Take of that what you will
[removed]
What a loser lost 700 bucks today
NIO turned south two minutes after I bought in today. I thought of you guys. Thanks for everything.
Not if/when MP Materials spins off.
He needs more blankets and less blankets...
yup. only needed to update the card once every couple months, but they figured it out then needed to update daily...became a pain in the ass. but had 2 years of free 'everything'. was awesome
I was talking about nios exponential growth.  FAANGs exponential growth will not continue because much of its potential value is realized. NIO has barely grazed the surface, if at all. Additionally you are forgetting about QE which is inevitable in this era.
He didn't hear it though
Honestly anything can happen. Best of luck.
One is a lot more fun getting there.
I concur.
Exactly.  Lemmings bleed out.  No shortage of an endless refresh on them.  Let them get destroyed on another China scam
u/r2002 yo, i'm a new investor, i really just started full swing (not a swing trader haha) in august and Citron Research is making me feel conflicted about NIO, do you not think it would be wise to sell for NIO to make profit before they dip and then buy more shares when it lowers?
I'm fucked
No I swear a few retards on here were banging on about it a few months ago or some shit.
I have spoken
The school no longer accepts my STEM credits because of their age. I would have to start my degree essentially from square 1 and it would be much less worth it.
Think we got more panic selling coming
Itll be ITM on Monday
Other than the obvious, autistic, way of deciding stocks to bet on (looking at NIO) how do you find potential investments/opportunities that actually require some research? I get the gist of DD, but actually narrowing in on a few tickers is where I'm stuck.
Not that anything will come of it but this petition for the SEC to investigate that fuck Boi Andrew Left is popping off http://chng.it/nxjK5yKMKk
I've been telling you all about IPOB for the last few days remember it
Good calls this week. Did u bet on sector rotation green or lockdown red Monday?
FVAC is the next 20 bagger SPAC!
why didn’t andrew left wait for nio to hit like 70+ before releasing that article. what an idiot
What about manual approval? Could just disapprove those
Citron was the cause. It initiated a panic sell.
😢
Grats on the up. Shame you didn’t stay in though cuz that 36% is gonna be missing a zero or two sooner than you think.
I never could get into PC bro idk why but good shit for having taste im a basic bitch
Can i borrow $20
Perfect time to buy
I just proposed to my girl, figured it’s time to stop being a degenerate and be a slight degenerate.
Around 10k in the past few weeks but that’s trading 50k total worth of margin
Why would anyone buy a silver lambo. If you buying a lambo, at least get a better color.
lol ok 👌
Jack Ma
Hope you mean 359
That sucks, he was great.
I haven't traded them since June, but typically they trade at close to their book value plus yield. You could find their new book value and then set a high projection and a low projection. I don't know if Robinhood's collective memory remembers they bid it way past value and then back to valuation or if another idiot rally is possible.
PS5 is gay I want an rtx 3090 but still can't find one
Bro.

Farmersonly
Thanks for the advice. Let's hope CCP doesn't decide they prefer instructive dismemberment to positive foreign investor sentiment.
Nothing to do with options. You are just a fan
1 in 292,201,338
Someone tell me what's going to keep BABA from going back to $300
I’m out here doing witchcraft bro
This is the move. Sell a chunk to cover your initial cost and ride the rest through. Or even buy more during a dip like this. The only hard part about investing is being patient and not losing your shit like everyone else does every time it dips for a blink in time over the next 10 years.
virus link
I covered a lot of my positions at the end of Monday and actually played some puts on the stocks I really like long term for recovery. That pfizer news caught me off guard in a good way. I assumed I'd be able to get back into most of my oil/air/hospitality/banks (I like regional banks) with covid kicking our butt and now am a bit worried to get all the opportunities to do so. Starting to feel like a stream of vaccine news may offset all this covid impact then stimulus talks to follow. Oil looked decent yesterday for re-entry then took off again today.
Smart man. I’m diving in Monday with shares.
Looking at 45% IV for Feb2021, doesn't seem that bad
If tiger wins holy fk my ass
The richest people I know live a pretty luxurious life style, but not flex, it’s just how they regularly live
Besides assignment risk there is one another thing. You tie your shares to the sold contracts, so you can’t sell them until the contracts expire. Or until you repurchase them. It basically makes your portfolio a little less liquid.

Also, really far otm options are too cheap.
Easy. Tap on the space where the flair is and the whole comment and replies collapse.
**Picked up SPY $369 at close because I love my country.**   
Unlike you Friday night chess playing CCP stock supporters.   


^(I'm fucking with you. Chess is cool. But you're still a Day Traitor.)
Yeah I actually didn't catch that one, but I read people's reactions in the dailies. Definitely seems to be the outlier for the past several months, though. That said, even a single good DD every few months is something many on this sub would be grateful for.
Like a whore on a first date
Mmm wouldn't bet on it, maybe 1-2%?
But I was told that stonks only go up.
Is this your first weed play? If so, you might want to look at 2018/2019 data. Anyone who bought during that time is pretty much bag holding.
Another great Chinese company by the way
April 2022 4.5C gang dialing in
9-8-2

gg

[https://chess.org/play/f83a3e2b-b8ce-47f8-a3e0-54d391408a67](https://chess.org/play/f83a3e2b-b8ce-47f8-a3e0-54d391408a67)
100% chance whatever you need to happen, doesn't happen
No prob
How did you lose money on Amzn call! I made money all day on them so easy to trade today
I hope so
I bought into TAN like mid-September, it fluctuated mildly at best. Wasn’t worth the hype; finally sold for like $30 profit just to get out of it this week.
Yes it is that simple lol. Compiling for a different architecture is not that difficult. I’m in gamedev and we compile for arm7 arm64 intelx86. It’s not a big difference at all.
Yessssss
What happened to all that corn futures DD lol.  Guess people figured out why being a farmer sucks.
Autists inc
Baba go up?
How did you SC? It won't let me on android
Why are you so confident it will go down that much that fast?
Yeah mine expired worthless last month, but sure, have at
I don’t know
Yessir. Look up @extracapsa on Twitter and world_decoded_now on Insta. Your mind will be blown
Don’t need markets when we have the 🅱️eekend🅱️ow
This thread has become so dumb and low quality that the mods had to intervene lol. 

Long lines at McDonald's. 

$220c MCD Dec
I was Citron'd on my GBTC back in the day. Now look at it. FML, granted it's been a long ass time now.
I’m a student to this so I ask for evidence based logic. Thank you for teaching 🙏
Lol
you did good
Yes and no. It also sucks if your rich and people find out and then everyone blows Smoke up your ass because they want something from you. If I every won the lotto I’d move to Malibu or some shit where everyone is rich because then you’d fit in
swords are not cool you weeb
Me shortly after that thinking I was so smart. Turns out I'm retarded.
I remember Citron’s Shopify short. Inversed him and now I’m up 10x.
https://www.holdingschannel.com/all/stocks-held-by-soros-fund-management-llc/

Someone mentioned earlier they saw soros fund exited alot of financial positions.


Dumped alot of LUV
Up 3100% in a year according to robinhood? What the fuck.... that is just bonkers.
Half my DD was a funny picture of a guy I later learned was Alex karp.
Anything better than waking up on a Saturday morning at 7:30AM to watch Tiger Woods finish the Masters back 9? I can think of few things.
Tomorrow
2 mins of silence for all those autist employees who sold the shares sub $10 right after IPO
I just have a list of big guys I follow and just track or coattail them. Oaktree, Third Point, Pershing, Berkshire, Baupost, Icahn, Tweedy, Fairholm, Appaloosa.

Btw Oaktree and Appaloosa are also in BABA. So we have some heavy hitters helping us on the Frontlines lol.

Just pick your favorite batters and keep an eye on them.
Kings bounty blackjack
NIO was this sub's jam back in Dec/Jan.
Because if this market operated on logic and valuation, TSLA would’ve never passed 1,250. You’d have a harder time finding a ‘growth’ stock that’s not overvalued. There’s no telling when the delusion ends, and those fuckers shouldn’t have the strings that control the susceptible idiots. Yes, the stock is overvalued. So is any stock that has decent volume. This is purely more manipulation that these fucks can profit off of. 

If only the retailers understood that with each day, we become a larger portion of the market. These companies only have this power when give it to them.

I sold a covered call this week, so that worked out for me, but seeing this movement today was sad.
friends?
Don’t open your investment app for 30 days. Look back at it again a month from now and reply to this post telling us how you feel now that your money has doubled.
You didn’t need to include the last line. It’s like citing a source that gives common knowledge
9-7-2

gg

[https://chess.org/play/f0f3336c-ad7a-4ad8-9582-83cad83efa75](https://chess.org/play/f0f3336c-ad7a-4ad8-9582-83cad83efa75)
My compliments 👏
[deleted]
He's definitely ugly.
[deleted]
[deleted]
270 11/20. U think it will hit that by next Friday?
Yo what are the odds AMD breaks 90 next week?
>To encourage higher quality posts, threads with DD flair will now be automatically pinned.
>
>DD is for wall-of-text, deep-dive, Pepe Silvia shit. 
>
> From our [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair):
>
>**DD - Due Diligence**
>
>* The research you have done on a specific company/sector/trade idea.
>
>* This is a high effort text post. It should include sources and citations.
>
>* It should be a long post and not just a link to a submission.
>
>---
>
>If you see any abuse of the DD flair, please report it to the modmail.
There was some good CRSR DD like a month ago right before it rocketed.
https://imgur.com/gallery/j4L7bGg
Most here are too retarded to have made any money in the first place.
yes but no.
maybe we get a Santa clause rally, apparently November and December are support to be green months but with this virus who knows what’s up. Also forming a bullish falling wedge if you believe in TA
Are you trading options? If so take the longest expiry you can
BROOO FUCK STONKS I JUST WANT MY PS5
I wish I could look to see when NIO was first mentioned on the sub. Stocks with the best run ups only make the front page after it’s like a 10 bagger. It’s hard AF to pick which stocks to get in early and ride
My whole account is only worth $12k. I’d die if I did that. My cash is saving for house down payment so I can’t go all out on that shit.
[deleted]
Awesome. Thank you
I'm a retard. Looked again, though SOL was an etf. Smh
Great grand I’m retarded
Thanks! Need some movies to watch
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
did you get shut down by that incredible slow update rollout that suddenly killed all the counterfeit cards? That was some amazing coding.
Dude where are you getting your info.  His cost basis is $139k.  The screenshot does not show him losing 1.8M.  The highest he has posted is Oct 22 at $2.6 M so he is $1.3M down from his high less than a month ago.

He has been posting updates since like Sept 2019.

He is 10x his investment right now.  He has faith it will get him to the promised land and isn't wavering.
I have shares in PLTR, not calls, can I still celebrate with you guys?
Fuck.. bro don’t worry we’ll get pumped on Monday 🚀 🌚
Dan sucks after 2019 man
Play me on [chess.com](https://chess.com)

[https://www.chess.com/member/squaresurfer](https://www.chess.com/member/squaresurfer)
Story of my life
Took a short break, i wonder how many fresh fucks we got now
weed is tight
It'll be time to buy GME calls again once all these asshats dump theirs and send the stock down.
When you finally have a couple of million and start hanging out with millionaires who have more, all the sudden your couple of million doesn't feel like much so you work harder to get more but it's just never enough.

The lesson is, once you're a millionaire, stick with your broke friends, you'll feel content. Just don't tell them you're rich and act as if you're broker than they are. 

Note: Not my personal experience. I'm broke AF.
You can always get back into engineering once you make enough from trucking and your Tesla calls. Dreams live forever
Haha it seems like you and I feel exactly the same about Rocket. Good luck to you bro.
The Town
They are the worst people you run into at parties
[deleted]
We 'MURICAN here. We trade AMERICAN style option.
I hate you.
NIO is a brand for China 

A symbol of status

Chinese will buy NIO over tesla 80% of the time because of this

Calls
The Town. It’s an awesome movie
Too blurry and retarded. Try again.
Rally Monday and maybe tell spike lee to drop something
Second Quarter 2020 Financial & Operational Highlights: 

* R$29.8 billion in total payment volume (“TPV”), up 11.4% compared to 2Q19; 
* 5.8 million active merchants, growth of 299 thousand in 2Q20 and 1.1 million in the last twelve months; 
* 2 4.9 million active PagBank users, growth of 1.2 million in 2Q20 and 3.5 million in the last twelve months; 
* R$296.3 million in Net Income, down 8.2% compared to 2Q19; 
* R$307.0 million in non-GAAP Net Income, down 10.4% compared to 2Q19; 
* Total Revenue and Income of R$1,357.4 million, down 2.3% compared to 2Q19; 
* Operational Revenue and Income3 of R$1,288.3 million, down 0.6% compared to 2Q19; 
* Comparing only the month of June 2020 with June 2019, Operational Revenue and Income4 up 12.1% to R$473.4 million from R$422.3 million; 
* Non-recurring taxes and contributions provision reversal of R$55.6 million after income taxes (R$84.3 million pre income taxes) recorded in Other income (expenses);
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
u need warez?
Damn hope you got out by 8 am. Those spreads are ridiculous
Next HTZ
Well, look at JD’s market cap and then Alibaba’s. JD’s is 120B and BABA is 700B, yet JD has slightly more revenue. But yes, $800 is lofty.
*wurst
Fuuuck....rip GC so many memories there growing up

Thinking about it though, they have to be horribly affected by Covid...all their inventory requires regular touching by all potential customers
Su has betrayed me
Worst people ranked

* 1. Grammar nazis
* 2. Actual nazis
Bitch Left of Citrus Research
Tan go up. Tan go down. End of day, TAN stay flat.
2 RED, you lose!
Yessir I almost blew up my portfolio on calls expiring today. I couldn’t find a reason why it wouldn’t go up after earnings. Unfortunately I was wrong about the stock, but right about the company. Im gonna keep playing it till it hits. Definitely moving to monthlies tho.
Nah they taking out a second mortgage on their mobile homes.
Nah cases are rising rapidly, maybe we pump covid stocks monday.
A shart and depart
Here friend: last week I lost $5k on AMZN puts. Switched to calls this week and lost another $3500. I really earned my WSB badge this time.
Calls
Lmfao that’s perfect
*someone published a legitimate valuation and research to back it up*

WSB: "fAkE nEwS yOu CaNt Do ThAt"
I’m sure this is correct.
Gay\*
I'm spent
If you’re gonna use your fourth day trade and take the PDT flag, remember that the flag gets applied the next opening. So if you bust that fourth day trade you can day trade all day for one day.

Now if you do a perform a day trade while flagged? Rip you for 90 days.
Movie? Seems like a good story
Can you expand on this a bit more? Here are some prompts:

What catalysts are you looking forward to, and why do you think things will unfold in a particular way?

How does this company compare to others?

What is something that you think everyone else has wrong about this company?


---

Thread unstickied / reflaired, but feel free to repost as DD once you've fleshed this out.
They have shit sales people. Plus sweet water and e-commerce taking all their tendies. lol
I've got no clue what this is..
I’m bored, when do the markets open?
Mods are shilling now...
I think the only one they got right in the long run was AMBA
Little late but I believe Fiskers announcing something Sunday
Did the same thing to me in my CVE calls earlier this week
Down 1030 total, 416 on NIO, 99 xpev, 222 on LI the rest on PTON.
> Whether that happens or not, that rationale makes exactly zero sense.

So how naive are you to think that TSLA makes any sense? TSLArds actually like it whenever TSLA is free falling. Why? Their logic is that they get more TSLA for cheap.
DOA
You forgot dead even gray
(Quick double up)*(non-autistic) = ERR UNDEFINED
All the former GME-tards are now in NIO
Big and buy in the same sentence, we fucked
Golden cross 11/4.

Writes post 11/13.
><
I hope Bitch Left isn't wearing a seatbelt. Somebody gonna get a hurt
I'm long a June 300C with this exact mentality, basically a yolo for me.  Hoping I can keep my nerve to hold it until then, it's most of my meager portfolio.
The hero we deserve
All in on Alex Karp's motherfuckin hair man, straight up
I believe you, its ok just message me your intel next time.. these pricks won't respect your hard work.


Make me rich daddy
Are you new to investing? Just drawn yourself in whiskey until you realize it’s Monday already.
For real though. Dude nobody cares, everyone knows what you meant
Thoughts on IVR?  You’d figure it would rebound with how crazy the housing market is (everybody moving out of cities cause your wife and her bf need more space amiright).  Anyone with positions in this autism den?
i got amd and pltr so they both arouse me now
Ford just announced their electric transport vehicles and stuck their most prized name on an electric SUV;  GM is going to be selling an electric hummer that goes from 0 to 60 in 3 seconds, and will soon be producing a million mile battery. 

If you think these companies are just going to roll over and die, you haven’t been paying attention. Some “boomer stocks” won’t make it, but NIO, Tesla and others will still have plenty of competition.
Ouch. What price did you enter at? 50+?
Thanks for this post. I wanted to re-exit before earnings but now, I’m thinking of going long.  
  
 If citron wanted to tank it so they can enter cheaper, sounds like NIO may have way more merit than I thought.
[removed]
Grammar Nazis are the wrost.
Easy money is boring. Baba for free money, nio for the excite
Lets see if any of you are good at chess

[https://chess.org/play/f1785ba7-e57e-417e-96c8-f4138f7e7b11](https://chess.org/play/f1785ba7-e57e-417e-96c8-f4138f7e7b11)
just got an email from Guitar Center, they're filing Chapter 11 :(
GE calls. It'll happen tho.
Sorry am on mobile, don’t read just buy. Calls,puts,ITM,OTM,leaps whatever you want
I have climaxed
wait,...not everything on the internet is real?
It's sad, I gave up on a chemical engineering degree because trucking literally pays better. The average chemical engineer earns roughly $105k, the trucking job paid more than that if I stopped working in August.
You’ll hit 99 woodcutting in no time with that
So where is it?
I climaxed
Lets go boys https://lichess.org/Ypa4qsJ3
Desperate is when you credit ghetto credit spreads to save your initial principle 🤪
Black, roulette
Shouldnt have gone into EVs Mr Farley. You already knew good oil is where its at. Thats why you sold it.

Big Man, Little jacket.
did you cash out at the glitch.. if so, you know schwab is taking that money back...
YOLO ON SOLO 🚀
Can I request a reformat of the post taking advantage of a bullet point list? Or at least line breaks.
Nio is literally where it was yesterday, it just gave back that pop to $54. 

Farley is the man
[The weird RIDE options](https://imgur.com/a/4EtU9uB) from last week rolled out to this next week with the majority of the rollover occurring yesterday. Does anyone have an idea of what this move is? Is it in relation to the call/put price skew due to the outstanding warrants or is this some sort of box spread in conjunction with short carry rates? I'd appreciate a hint or theory.
Nok.
Oregon is currently a partial lockdown of mainly Portland and Salem.

Gyms closed, restaurants are only takeout, no big gatherings. They also said only 2 families up to 6 people for Thanksgiving.
Did you just photoshop that? If not, I will quit my job and work for you
yeah why are they so judgmental.
You have holes. Put them to work.
Basing this off of one (1) stock I followed this week that had earnings and jumped. PM for more financial advice
It’s been glitching all day, I’ve seen it from 240 to 310
*puts on seatbelt*
[deleted]
I smell great. I just have to shower once every 5 days
Positions?
I am complete.
That's a good point. Unfortunately there's no where else to really post this message...
Yea what did you do???
Look at Mr. Money bags with the double pane slider.
I thought I was you when I bought my 300C @ 265. Feelin' lame.
i need a quick share double up, someone hit me with something non-autistic
Yeah that’s another strat too, but you know that the naked contract is where them big gains is at.... and big Ls. I carried over 3 11/13 AMZN 3100p last night and let me tell you... barely survived that play
no
Seriously does nobody here know about the secret cheat code called "trailing stop losses"? 1/4 of my portfolio was nio and I had a green day because of it. Fucking potatoes
only if they announce a 5:1 stock split at $50
Would make absolutely no sense. Earnings will be good. 😉
I agree. I am finished.
[removed]
It doesn't have to be because of NIO. Maybe you're just full of shit in general.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
“Hermione stole our shit”
We can localize production in rural areas using all the obese mouth breathers.
Always inverse WSB
Lol, there's nothing to take their place. Hopefully the incentive to post DDs is a good first step.
Folks become spiritual and chase happiness instead of money after loosing money :-)
[deleted]
Master is in the word for irony—it’s literally impossible to master.
36 calls. 

1/15/21 at 11$
Any person that uses the phrase or any form of “I’m done” to end sentence is a pussy
Can I get a flair or what
Wtf is up with BABA AH? If it happens again I'd be losing everything. Have I missed any news?
I have 10x SPY 400c 3/19 and $200k of VOO
If it’s good enough to screenshot, it’s good enough to sell. I learned that the hard way.
Congrats and go fuck youself
How fucked are my Netflix 520 calls expiring 11/20
Depends on how passionate you are but I would say yes.
Why or.  Make a sandwich.
Genius
Will PLTR ever go under $10 again?
[deleted]
Man of culture I see
So you're not ?
100x? Jesus Christ.
So ZM 415c weeklie is fucked right?  Down 20% today
Ah ok that makes sense. I usually just leg in and end up making a little more as the stock inevitably goes further in the direction I had planned
marriott. premiere hotel chain. seeing big asia growth rn. when economy opens they'll see bigger growth rest of world. not as risky as airlines who are bleeding $$
Why would another lockdown be bearish for a tech / gaming / cloud stock retard

puts on OP
There are threads other than the daily and weekend threads?
Its cuz youre gross. Wear black ones problem solved.
thats when you load.
If Monday is not going to be green, I guess it would be red.
[deleted]
looks ripe for a pump and dump tbh
I appreciate your analysis because this would favor my position but what your position and did it influence your interpretation of the data?
New Dan Carlin out. See you bitches in four hours.
I just need like 3 ten baggers in a week, is that really too much to ask?
Su Bae or Cathie Ark?
Every time I have bailed, literally EVERY time, I’ve dumped what would’ve been huge gains in order to minimize losses. Dumped 5.50c on ACB last Wednesday (day after election) for a loss right before it went to $12/share. Dumped 45c on NIO on Wednesday that I bought Monday that would’ve been up 50% for a 60% loss. Broke even on XPEL 11/20 30c last week that would have probably been up 300% min at close today. So much money I’ve paperhanded. Meanwhile I’m gonna diamond hands these 2k calls for 100% loss. Fml.
They do have two other designs, two seaters. Not bad
Pretty fucked up bro
Yeah I bailed on amadun going up (amazon)

Fucking shits too expensive to wait months for it to go up, drains the damn option
Fvac
Is Solar the next thing? That etf is going off.
Stupidest thing I ever heard
Watched This is the End last night, Seth Rogen was funny
Yep, went back to stonks and sold covered calls for a while. I eventually got bored with the smaller returns and managed to convince myself to go back to "aggressive investing" aka gambling.
A lot has changed between 2016 and 2019 though, but yeah even they overestimated the downfall
It has worked before
What if you have no money and no idea of how stocks work? What then?
Funny but dark.  It gets shit on a lot but it’s legitimately a good movie.
IV stupid high. Just get some shares
SPY will not crash until a Fortune 500 company fails.

This may happen, a few are quietly teetering right now.
No but my portfolio needs to go up it’s the only thing that makes me happy
Should've sold your puts when you had the chance man.
Wasn't so bad all things considered. I was up 57%($15K) during the morning spike, but ended the day down about 2%($500). It does sorta hurt that during that spike I was green all time for the first time since I started lol. But I have plenty of positions I'm still holding till earnings and I'm still bullish.
Yes. Its just too tempting with the crazy gains but you've got to keep it small and use all gains for shares to keep your retardation in check
bruh do it in december when the sp rebalances
[removed]
Mastery is more about talent than practice (though both are required) regardless of whatever propaganda you've imbibed to the contrary. If you aren't getting recognition for being stellar already (after like, a year or two of learning something) probably just chill out and put no more than 30 hours a week into what you're trying to do  because you are unlikely to ever match the abilities of your genetic superiors no matter how much you grind,  and you will enjoy your life more if it's more balanced and grind free.
[deleted]
Solid DD
Bro I think they are trying to tell you you smell like shit lmao

Not once in my life have I ever had anyone try to buy me undershirts
https://ibb.co/9HcpWKF
Things usually go down. QQQ still hasn’t passed September highs despite a couple attempts. IWM on the other hand 🥰
noice. thanks
How about purging the page of shitposts this sub has become. There are innumerous NIO posts
People are huffing vaccine dreams right now, you're probably a few days too early, so theta may burn you.
You’d have 750k, or 10bucks after taxes if you wait till expiration.
Nasty fork made me rage quit
[deleted]
BABA feb calls seems too easy of a play, but I can't tell what could go wrong other than the whole market coming down
BABA is going to throw me some love after taking me to Gape Town this week by surpassing $280 by EOW.
At 100 hours a week you will be a master in two years
his report typically fail after the earning
-16.23%? You are not one of us
No I’m not playing 

/s
Man, you might want to put some thought into the *why* of the thing.
This gay bear hates money.
there's no such thing as a free lunch
11/16 357p and 12/18 300p
I see Cathie Wood bought a million shares of Palantir in ARKW today. I’m rock hard
How does this shit even work? Stocks etc.
[deleted]
lol why do you say that?
Usually?! Lol more like 1/10 times it seems like lately
i told my wife i'm done with options but i bought  wsb merch and used an email we share together.  fuck.
stonks calls infinity.
8-7-2

gg

[https://chess.org/play/6eb953ae-d853-4f4b-9c9a-b35df6bf943f](https://chess.org/play/6eb953ae-d853-4f4b-9c9a-b35df6bf943f)
That’s just like your opinion man.. 

And it’s very unpopular
That guy playing the drums with the cat bopping his head is the music I play when I go to war with the algos.
Gg
>Limiting your loss to -15% -20% you can do this daily and in a year or two get HUGE

Cutting losses is huge to gaining wealth unironically. An investment strategy I would recommend to people is to just make small daily plays. Incorporate playing earnings, weeklys, and lottos: Never putting down more in any combination of these than what you can confidently make back in whatever timeframe you consider to be reasonable (example: 1 week).
I’m interested. Introduce me.
I've been told that this is a bug with Chinese currency conversion. The same issue exists for NIO. I haven't checked that claim at all but it seems reasonable based on their targets for NIO and JD
He made a dip for people to buy into. better take it cause its climbing up from here
Welcome home son

We all float here
Loser should be banned
Close to it.  But then I’ll just start selling cash covered puts and collecting premium so I can’t say I’ll ever quit 100%.
[deleted]
#goals you must be a millionaire
Thankfully you're fine.

I had pin risk on an iron condor.
I got assigned and had to buy 300 tsla shares 

Thankfully I got out with a gain.

Google, pin risk. Watch videos. Do better.
should be 2500 says me
30x 11/16 350p // 15x 11/18 350p
11.25 spy p 340
Sounds like its always better to lose first?
what happens after you triple top?
good lord. my calls are fuq'd
Except when the opponent is a bunch of impoverished opium farmers.
Just a thought, pinning this here is tough on mobile users trying to read the new comments and refresh. 

BTW, love the change!
Quite confident, actually. Will likely have to deal with $370 next week, but should look good after VXX OPEX. Things should get interesting in 2-3 weeks.
A hero to some?
What am I missing? NIO has a production problem, what's going to drive it back up after Left assassinated it?  A low buy in and sheer brute force of mass autism?
That movie was great.  Funny as fuck.  Getting God's work done.
Shopify and Tesla are just as over valued and yet here am we are
[deleted]
Are you playing these? That stalemate was ridiculous lol
SP500 inclusion possible on Dec 18th. It might run on that possibility.
One. Not hundreds.  
Sacrifices must be made for mankind.   
It's what they signed up for.
They actually wear masks without people complaining about it. It’s part of the culture, like wearing jacket when it’s cold.
“31” lmao I lost my dad 1k on calls when I was 23 and I felt stupid
I think I just pissed off my new gf by telling her not to buy me new undershirts. my ex had the same issue. fucking always wanting to buy shit undershirts. then they ask why they turn grey, and into cardboard. cuz it's cheap shit stupids.
I feel like I need a miracle many times I’ve been on the wrong end of a trade. What it means to me is I should of got out before I even thought about getting out. It’s a sick game
Well it expires next month, and with the rising cases and some states looking like they’re gonna shutdown again, I thought it was a good play. I guess we’ll find out how retarded I am soon.
I wonder if the NVDA sell off continues up to earnings. That would make quite a difference on how to play it
while i got you here do you think i should yolo GME
8-6-2

gg

[https://chess.org/play/3dcd4743-73fb-47ed-b8ae-7d1b807ca38e](https://chess.org/play/3dcd4743-73fb-47ed-b8ae-7d1b807ca38e)
These comments hit too close to home rn
But would you touch a Chinese prostitute?
Glad to see I’m not the only one torching my Roth.
Quad Witches II: Double Bubble
or they could come up with a 4 seater design and roll it down a hill
Agreed, I’ve lost like 8k in the past because there was high traffic volumes! :(
Haha!!!
Ok then go buy calls brotha
NEVER BET AGAINST AMERICA. GYNA SUCKS
Luv another decent play. Like the dal play though
AAPL hasn’t moved since their split nearly 3 months ago. No one here is patient enough for that.
Pretty sure the term would be hostile takeover back when it was $2
Its set up for a run into earnings.  It bounced off the 50 day EMA today, the Stoch RSI on the daily is crossing bullish, and the MACD is crossing bullish on the hourly.  They are expected to show a 46% growth in revenue year over year, and 44% increase in EPS.  There have been 35 upward estimate revisions leading to this earnings, and no downward.  Expectations are crazy high, and the stock is coming off a 14% sell off.  If the market is stagnant or green over the next week, I think we see NVDA run up to 590-600 again, then tank on earnings.  I think they beat, but not enough to justify a share price of $600.

Position:  11/4 545 call.  IV is only 53%.  Gonna hopefully ride the wave up then sell before earnings.
Can you give any kind of reasonable backing to that claim because right now you sound like a troll and a shitty troll at that.
Yesterday a couple hours after open. It immediately started tanking
About to watch Observe and Report,  First time.
 Seth Rogen funny
where i cant get in [https://prnt.sc/vixzpk](https://prnt.sc/vixzpk)

send it on here?
Facts.
Just hold and you’ll get your wish.
Is this supposed to be a flex? I'm confused
Just for you I ran it on *all* comments in the past 24 hours and the total mentions is 7,459.
I know everyone probably is playing Nio, but Nvidia definitely has the most important earnings next week.
I can't remember the last time I saw good DD, but hopefully this will help, even if its just someone attempting the next meme stock or pushing something with stupid low volume or float.
KCAC is starting a move.
You good bro?
You’re ugly as fuck
> if citron didn’t have any credibility we wouldn’t have had this drop.

Well, I feel we would have. That's how these EV stocks have been trading throughout the past 3 months. Today is no different.
Obligatory "flair me bitch"
Don't be so modest, more than 7,651 women won't sleep with you.
Dude, give your dick a rest!
Youve got enough to buy some puss now boi. Or about 10k wsb subscriber buttholes...choose wisely.
sell your calls before earnings though or IV crush will destroy your asshoe regardless of stonk go up or down
I’ll get right on that! Appreciate the advice, stranger!
Pussy
u fell into the trap and now it has u
Didn't feel like talking about GE after all.  Had more than a lifetime of Larry Culp knob slobbing over at SA.  Boomer stocks lol.
Told myself I’d never touch a Chinese stock again. I feel like a clown 🤡
Diamond hands during pop, use student loans during bottom, worked on march 19.
Because 25 millions sound better than 2.5 million
I was thinking I play safe at sell on 16th
Everyone here would have a lot more money if they switched to IWM after QQQ double or triple topped.
Mom, Wendy's
Retards unite!
Link?
What are diamond hands?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TendiesForTheBoys the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
But.... spce killed a pilot...
Desktop RH is the worst RH. They need better devs to focus on time sensitive functionality and loading.
I still have TP from the first lockdown. I have enough for a year... well technically my parents send all my siblings and I a crap ton.
Welcome lol..
Sub is generally more focused on get rich quick stuff.
[deleted]
Thoughts on MIRM?
That’s just fucking sad. Oh, wait, this sub is also kinda ‘bout betting...
Post your entry and exits fuck boy.
Does anyone here think that 100 hours per week spent on a skill is sufficient, or should I sacrifice more time to pursue mastery?
Um, no it's not. Bulls have a big lead based on options volume.
Stake! I'm in Australia so this is what I use to trade North American stocks
RSCF owns Cryometrix for cold storage and transportation of vaccines.  A perfect fit!

https://cryometrix.com/index
Praise the mods.
Do you not realise you could have purchased 100 shares ? You fucking retard.
Damn good job on that probably a decent payoff
They’re still growing in. I am still but a wee autist who has not yet learned to take profits nor to hold till expiration.
**SPY** is going to **400 by March and will** take me to me to tendie town!
How are you feeling at this moment about your decision? Diamond or paper hands? Keep us posted.
[deleted]
what does puts to close mean
Naaa still fishy as fuck. This fuck boy needs to post his entry and exit price.
Did you post the inverse ETF ticker...? I don’t see it
Judging from this post you’re severely autistic so just screenshot it and send it as your application.
I buy at top
TSLA under 420 is free money, buy calls
Yup :(
PHO
Thanks brotha 😎
Pics of red butt or ban
11/16 SPY 368c in at $0.02.
Double bubble trouble
Still not enough to fix that shnoz
Whichever of you made a comment about buying PLTR last night thank you. I got in at open this morning. Easy cash!
Is this the Citron fella?
He’s saying that you lock in gains with a debit spread and to also simultaneously create a credit spread. Why? Well if you’re super otm, it’s likely the underlying won’t reach the strike.

So instead of having a ghetto debit spread that could possibly hit and make max profit, you set your max profit scenario to be if the stock never reaches your strike. This really only works if the contracts remain otm. Otherwise creating a ghetto debit spread is superior.

Because if your credit spread does get busted, you’ll be covered with your debit spread.

Also this guy is talking just about locking in gains. You could be greedy as hell and make an even fatter debit / credit spread. As long as the underlying moves in your direction gains can be made/capitalized upon with your naked contracts
I started doing it last week but this week about $500. Kinda a lot of work to keep watching them. Iv just been doing CRSR with 7 CC.
YOLO on SOLO 🚀 $500 Million market cap? Those are rookie numbers. WSB needs to pump those numbers up.
[deleted]
Wait and see it go 100% down?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Upvote for 0DTE and for not being another recycled trash meme
After the week of sept 1 my asshole is still too sore to go back in
I think HUGE is about to double or triple, i’ve been watching it all week and volume is starting to take notice
Yes. Exactly.
What happens to JPOW after Trump's gone? Hard to imagine that Biden won't put someone new in.
Limit losses. I had no idea how low it was going to go, and am glad I got out when I did or I’d have been deep red by now.
Spy 400 EOY, all the fucktards yelling for the crash are delusional hoping they get confirmation bias
[deleted]
I rarely see them mentioned anymore, but granted I only come to the after market hours/weekend threads.
BRO MY FRIEND WAS TELLING ME ABOUT IT TODAY. Reverse ordinal and all that shit.
Can we touch 330 on the way?
post your SPY positions below 100x 11/20 SPY 342p for me
Not according to Goldman. To get the call from their "A-Team" to invest: min $250m
Disclaimer: Everything we wrote is bs and we are only here to steal your money, but we all know you won’t read this until the end and only read the headline.
Ask 50 cent
Ive made a killing on every selloff since the big June selloff based on my efforts
[deleted]
EV stonks go up
______ is going to _______ take me to tendie town!
Dmn bruh
Usually. Then melts down to normal in a week or two
Next two weeks will sell off especially Dow Jones the following week will be rotating back into tech. Somewhere along the way we will drop to 335 easily
I tried warning yall but I was wrong and right last two days. Fuck china. There's a reason nio went up when American stocks went down. 

I took tendies on 8 of 9 puts today that I initially purchased for next week. Hopefully, it will rally back to the 50s so I can repurchase more puts.
Debit spreads’ll fix that
Can you inform me why what you've written will result in a bullish outcome?
ya I'm taking issue with the Great Depression terminology.
By making 🐂💦
I’ve got a bunch of 12/18 39c down 99%. Just wait and see
Monday morning imo maybe 1 hour into the trading day
no one tell him
oh ok cool, its very frustrating xD
[deleted]
No I have jan 2022 calls on FB, apple, and microsoft
I really don’t like that this makes sense...thanks for sharing your thoughts tho
Because of days like Monday. You hold a stock for years, then all of a sudden you get blown up by one big day and either have to sell or dump cash to close the calls.
Save dat energy for something else big dawg.
Check out their website. I know their little car looks like a little POS but.. I can see how people would buy this living in big cities/Europe.
Ask Bob Swan
Say it ain't so Jimmy.
🖕👴
And some people bitch about how robinhood Closes options with one hour left. It's to protect the autists.
I 100% agree. I am balls deep in calls and even my hedge on my on calls are Zoom calls lol. I just don't see a big dip coming anytime soon.
8-6-1

gg

[https://chess.org/play/5ac349b0-fb81-4d33-acbb-43667dbe7428](https://chess.org/play/5ac349b0-fb81-4d33-acbb-43667dbe7428)
What time is ER call tho? Here’s my theory: Americans sell the news. Chinese buy the news. If ER is early morning US time, stock price will go up and we will continue mooning here. It’s not like it’s a bail last second (3:59 pm) before 4 pm ER like we’ve seen continuously the last few months on US based companies.
I bought 20 aal calls for December at .16 a piece pray to god they’re still green on Monday with MRNA announcement
Imagine if you had Mango’s 437 million dollar loan and you had yoloed it all on Nio leaps at $2.
I hope everyone took profit on ACB earlier this week
I’m slow...SPY does what in regard to market prediction? And what about the Vix
gg bro
Dec. 18 $330 calls
When did you buy the amzn call?
YOLO on SOLO 🚀
Did everyone here give up on big tech?
Just let me throw away my money, darn it!
Fuck the tip.
All the DDs calling for crash, downtrend. Fuckin morons
agreed thanks for playing
Puts and calls.

News flash your puts will not print before earnings.
Wtf does ptsh do?
Yup that’s me everyday. There’s some days I lose so much money I get physically ill. There’s other days I win huge and feel like the top of the world. It’s a sickness, and the market makes money off those flaws. Hell I lost 8k on BA puts today because it just wouldn’t stop running. I thought to myself this doesn’t make sense everything is priced in blah blah no one flying blah blah market doesn’t care. It wanted to gobble my premiums and it did.
Does every stock jump after earnings?
Is EOD Monday a dumb time to buy puts or should I try to get them earlier.
Your mom, probably
YOLO ON SOLO 🚀
Yup
No dumber than playing the powerball 1000
They’re not right... yet
I have a feeling they will be this meme next week 😅
100 1s and i wont even take my pants all the way off
Then sell condors.
Whats the solo dd ?
YOLO ON SOLO
I'd hate to put in this much effort just to lose money anyway.
If the logos are any indication of the vehicles’ quality, yeeesh.
I think you're correct on the situation, but you're misreading the room.

Biden doesn't take office until January, and we are going to see some states lock down, while the others have hospitals announce "no one without severe conditions or over 65 admitted." 

I have concerns about trump's lame duck months. The quote, "have you even broken up with a narcissist?" weighs heavy in my mind, having broken up with narcissists.
Anyone else having problems with the lagging when you click on different expiring options on Robinhood website? Thanks
Also how tf do I invest in water
They squeezed the shit outa that car
Bearish
solid thanks
Just run it on your phone and some crappy amazon vr headset mount. Cheap entry, no hassle. Although your phone might be shit and you need somewhat hi res quality videos that are hard to find online.

Oculus is king for sure, but this might be a nice entry if you just wanna try
SRAC best SPAC
means nothing
Vaccine, Oregon “freeze” over COVID cases, etc. All the headlines in 2020 are just drama and BS.

Or 🌍 👩‍🚀 🔫?
Bullish or bearish GO!
*lower
all the bad news are priced in, and we are going to price in all the possible good news over and over again until spy 400 eoy
Zero, it’s always at least in VOO.
That's crazy x25 your money, imagine if you threw 30k into it initially.
I dig it. Thanks for the advice!
Lmao it doesn’t just happen randomly so this would be pretty stupid
Did you hold or sell?  Mine expire Friday.  Just curious...
Im okay if i break even. When i bought it i knew something was gonna happen. Mainstream stocks always crash after some analysts or stock watchers write a disparaging article. I was gonna ride the wave for a few days like i do with every stock. I always hold stocks for 3 to 5 days or when it hits a good point i sell. I never hold more than 5 days tops 10 days if its a stock like apple
Seems like we’re on the same page. I’m thinking a recession is not just going to go away. So deflation will occur, to what end is unknown currently. Will take a lot of spending and export positive economy to get us into an inflationary environment.
Fuck, at least you can afford a ladder.
Someone watched the big short
Lol
Weird because I had 50 calls and made 10x my money.  Just saying they dumped after earnings and my calls dropped 60% at open with loss of volitility and a $5 stock price drop, and yes it went back up.
Elon’s such a fuk for going into the China market and allowing the vultures to pick apart his work. He truly belongs here
Thats good, sell 20x calls around .20 deltas should net you about 400-500/week.
I want to believe you but I also want to understand.
I'm surprised he's still alive tbh, doing what he's doing. The prick wiped out $3.7 billion in shareholder equity in one day
GE and SOLO ty
We know
Thats literally every single shitter on this sub who is whining about NIO rn. They're just mad as shit they didn't get in early
Most sold too early. Even RenTech sold too early. They had a very good buy in.
Yes, I lost over 50k in the first week of September and quit until this last week.

It sucks bro...I got to have a little something at stake just for my own sanity. Only holding a few k in spy calls rn but it at least gets the blood going
I'm confused about the whole numbers on this thing can you clarify.
Spoken like a true tard
that's why i have long dated calls
perhaps your wife will eventually seek comfort in her boyfriend’s ARM; NVDA $700C
I am holding till 12$ I believe in 10 end of year
NOICE!
Nuff said.
I’ll trade options with like 5-10% of my portfolio at most. It’s a lot easier to make money using shares, and if you wanna get ballsy you can just use margin for leverage. Making 20% 5 times with your entire portfolio is mentally easier than making 150% on an option trade
You fucktards are all wrong. Spy 380 eoy
Fuck the weekends
Totally agree. Even people that have been highly critical of others that don’t wear masks or distance are now hopping on planes to enjoy thanksgiving with family. Fauci and Jerome were always right. But markets aren’t going down regardless. 

SPY 400c 3/19
This strat still has risks but if you’re super OTM I can definitely see how this locks in more gains. Good idea.

Risk being that you get on the hook for your credit spread and lose some of your “locked in” gains. I’m assuming we’re selling contracts for more than we paid + the difference in strike ofc

You’re just saying “hey I don’t want a ghetto debit or credit spread solely, I want both”
dope. 👍🏻
It says it was a glitch
Fuck. Guess this is my new family
Get an actual stepmom ... and a tiny dryer
When Citron shorts a company, that's when you get in for the long haul.
He was one of the people mad about nio posts in the discussion thread
It won't consolidate until Thursday. 65 ATH already on data crunches. GL losing on those puts.
do we have an ETA? I'm in for some shares
Did you sell, or are you holding?  My calls expire Friday...


Just curious
I bought December calls and 50 shares today. Maube the timing was wrong, ill find out next month
Idk man I don’t bet against anything that has “100% penetration” going for it. Sounds like a long
FAA been dicking around with BA for so damn long, they'll pass anything with wings that doesn't have a history of killing people.
What a crazy day today!! It was nice to see it up at $54 for a bit. I’m bullish, and will be holding this for a long time!  I think we all think about what if. I do know though that if there’s any next best things that I’ll buy a few thousand and hold instead of wait for it to pop and then only buy a few hundred. You might be able to pay off a mortgage in a year or two with this one!
He jelq'd to the gains
I've been chuckling at this for a good 5 mins
But what's the target? Stripe co-founder memed it. I doubt he'd do that if they were seriously considering
so there is a chance that i make more free money
If this doesn't moon my 🤏🍆 gonna be dry for a month
JPM is already canceling them. They have less transaction fees as well.
370
I would get LEAPs instead unless you don't mind the close expiration theta burn from TSLA
GE
[deleted]
Counter point:  Stonks go up.
Fuck yeah
Wait wait so you have to get the price direction correct as well as the date... is this correct? You guys are fucking insane. This is some next level degenerate shit. I though trading buttcorn at 100x leverage was crazy, you guys take the cake tho.
The real stimulation comes from grinding an old not sanded down plank of wood against your cock
also you just did a wash sale so now you can't write off losses!
[deleted]
That’s why I back out after a 30% profit on my leaps. The risk reward was too skewed to stay in. I’m buying shares on the next big dip instead.
the high of the day was 8.39$ on those puts
[deleted]
Damn dude, do you watch porn for entertainment?  Or just as a masturbatory aid?
Can you tell me the sentiment on SOLO and GE?
Real shit though, are you holding, or did you sell?  I'm kinda curious if my shits are gonna print by next Friday...
My wife got me one for Christmas (she left it sitting out when I got home, doesn’t know I know). That’s literally the only thing I’m gonna use that for...
I mean what even is going to cause another dip anyway? Last one was people cashing out before the election and if more lockdown people will just buy more tech
Good
if you are making me wait 5 years it better be a 10000x bagger
RSCF is the pure play on this.  They own the brand Cryometrix for cold storage and transportation of vaccines

https://cryometrix.com/index
seems too logical 🤔
Puts all the way down then stimmy to the top = unlimited gains glitch
You’re two months late
Lol the election is over, no motivation to do anything anymore
Psssh... Only 2300%?
RH is terrible. Dont use it. You are likely to loose money if execution time if of the matter which it can be if you are doing short term calls in very volatile periods.  Use ToS paper trading account to learn! Serious robinhood steals from the poor and makes themselves rich. I helped a friend learn to trade. He dumped RH and traded on a computer and his profits went up drastically.
I mean they've fully reopened economy and international travel. Would be hard to hide a massive pandemic now
zoom, docusign.
F
41% of PSTH outstanding shares held by institutions. No brainer boys, don’t be late
Use more emojis
This guy ain't a gangster, his real name's clarence
So how’s that go?
Looking at square is there the chance they become one of the big four processors? Like a Visa, Mastercard, Amex etc?

They seem to have a foothold with cash app is there a bull case for them being a processor disrupter if they come in with low swipe fees and fight for bank business.
Our girl*
I trade everyday. And the first 30 minutes is where the big upwards dip happens. U dont have to believe me just observe it on monday. It happens everyday really.
i like how you only chose to show their misses;  having said that NIO $50C 11/20
And i have a 14 inch penis.
💎🤚🏽💎🤚🏽💎🤚🏽 666
yep, pretty much this. im doing this with 30k and it works well. biggest thing is dont get greedy. lots of small profits trades is the key for me. they add up.
[removed]
I hear you. I think there are players on both sides. It’s kinda fun though, makes me wonder who the best players are
Agreed
he seems like more of a Burning Man guy tbh
 Just emailed Robinhood asking for an ISDA agreement. Hope this goes well
Wynn
just buy the underlying
How much have you been able to make off shares ?
if the outcome is the same it's saying that active measures by a central bank are effectively irrelevant.
Never got started which is why I enjoy loss porn but don't have to post it.
You can lose upside that’s why covered call etf underperform you have to follow markets and time it right.
So you believe their testing then? Did you believe luckin coffee had so many locations too?
📄 🖐 🌈 🐻
I cannot wait to come back to this comment in two months and laugh as NIO passes 60$ by 2021.
JD
Nah I’m down ~99 %
That’s why you’ve got to sell them
RSCF is the pure play on this.  They have the brand Cryometrix that has vaccine freezers for both storage and transportation.  

https://cryometrix.com/index
You can easily make north of 300k with stock in SF. I know a number of people who came out of some IPOs 2+million richer for 4 years at a company. Base salary is about 200k for a senior developer at these places. If you go to some of the more established old companies you can make 250k+ salary but no chance to hit it big on stock.
I’m legit addicted. I get some decent gains and tell myself “I’m just gonna sit out and wait for a solid, logical play.” Next day, I’m fomo’ing into some shit company I’ve never even heard of at 9:36 am and cutting my wrists at 9:38 am.
so you lost 32k of profit lmao
8-5-1

[https://chess.org/play/60bdfa4b-ca00-47b1-ac5b-788f20983e1f](https://chess.org/play/60bdfa4b-ca00-47b1-ac5b-788f20983e1f)
I need an excuse for the wife to suddenly buy one... occulus?
just switch to IBRK dude
I think the enthusiasm can hold another 3-4 days, until people realize we're still screwed economically.
Hell yeah! Go team PLTRFSR. Let’s keep riding the wave into next week
I mean they were fucked in Jan fo sure but I believe they've mostly been COVID free since April. They tested 11M people in Wuhan in 10 days and they did that twice. Why would it not work
How dumb would it be to buy otm tsla calls every week in hopes of announcing a s&p 500 inclusion?
Why dont you just order a large, farva??
Maybe stop watching it. It's bad for you.
Their price target for AMZN makes me feel a bit better about my torn up LEAPs
Puts on you
All I heard was tunak tunak
I made a shit ton of money on it but now it's time to short for these couple of days 🌝 🌈🐻 rally next week (already up over 200% on my position so idc) I want 1000%
what is that call in the morning? fuckman
Yup
What?
Shares are the way brotha. You can offload hours before/after market is open/closed and you can always calculate your gains/losses. Traded options until I got to 25k now mostly trade shares on margin
They have a gay little disclaimer at the end of their 8th grade book report
Okay well I’m still getting my feet wet so an overwhelming UI is something I don’t prefer while I’m still learning the ropes. I have to do it regardless. Prob use rh as a backup in the future when they unrestrict me.
otot
NIO was at like $2 6 months ago and you're saying 24$ is too low of a target?
Stop watching it
SPCE to moon with FAA certification
No and no. Also i loaded on puts so call me biased.
I was just looking into this yesterday. Will probably start with 2000 shares of Palantir and see where it goes.
Not until we see a dip. That's when they'll throw it back out there
Was 13/14 on my trades this week. 92% win rate. Account up 340% this month. Lfg. Time to do the party.
Ievan Polkka
The international war between metric and imperial has largely been lost, but the Americans will fight for the . decimal and the MM-DD-YYYY date system to the death.
I guess you still have your initial investment.
maybe i'm cheap but i'm doing something like this now. $100 is $100.
Yeah I respected that. He broke it down completely without bias, even as a fat cat himself. Most major networks could take a lesson in journalism from him
Bro it's tight I just got a quest 2. This app SLR has cam girls but its in VR
JD / PDD / SE ?
That is the patriot way!
SOLO puts 3.5 nov 20
oh those, yeah she has those
Fat fingered my response. Yeah 545 haha
[removed]
Shit, I'm at like 75% cash now.
Travel looking pretty bullish rn bro
You nerds told me the expanse was good. 1st episode was BOOOORing. I knew ya'll couldn't be trusted.
Never. Trading options is my favorite way to gamble by far
Attacked, I feel.
I've already made fuck you money so I just threw some more at it like the rest of the bulls ( which is the majority). All technicals indicate a run up. I feel so sorry for those who bet against this stock. It's TSLA deja vu except on a golden foundation.
How much you make per week selling?
It's an analysis of public information. If WSB can say "I think it's going down, I bought puts", so can they
Fuck Graham Stephen
No one cares enough to enforce it. That’s how BA fucked be today. Some JPM retard said airbus was good good then BA flys 6%
Don't they get exercised more often though and you lose out on upside? or just want the guaranteed money.
[deleted]
https://money.cnn.com/quote/forecast/forecast.html?symb=jd#:~:text=The%2042%20analysts%20offering%2012,the%20last%20price%20of%2090.98.

Was replying too a thread haha
Projekt Melody
I hope you’re ready to 1000%+ your portfolio and then lose it all the next day
glad to have contributed towards this fad
Is your coworker Smokey?
[deleted]
*all of WSB* I'm sorry but are they using nio cars? 

Does not compute...
Ya, now I sell them and use the premium to buy stupid ones.
Yes bold face lying on that level is impressive
lol. Chinese and bagholders trying their best to defend their baby. 

*"Please believe me, we're at 2200% but we're going to pull a Tesla and gamma squeeze it to 100,000% with your money, so buy into the Ponzi stock now!"*
IB. I expanded on my post on the calculation. It's actually only around 5k if you are doing the option you are describing with you get 1k in credit upfront.
Smart
I gotchu homie
https://youtu.be/NUYvbT6vTPs


Or if you want the OG
https://youtu.be/7yh9i0PAjck
Aight fair enough but I’m too retarded to write DD.
Mostly stress...still not rich enough to be unbothered by the cost tho. I would just be so worried about random shit happening to them. Then in the event something did happen would have to go in and advocate on their behalf to make sure nothing was done to wrong them either deliberately or out of negligence. Just a whole bag of worms that would consume more of my mental space than I have to give right now
Sales multiples they are about a quarter of baba ATM. But I really don't know where 800 comes from
What kind of billionaire drives a 20 + year old car. We can't trust this man.
Lmao are you holding puts
inverse shitron.. if tsla at 2000 is justified, NIO is undervalued..
Have you fucktards really never heard of John w.b wealthy (Jose w.b dinero)?????
Fuck this guy but take advantage of the dip he just gave us
It will go up bro don’t worry their earning reports are going to be the best ones real talk NIO is Chinese EV king
I have gay stonks. Hoping for a run up before. I'll sell right before the ER call
This requires some context
I litterally sold my NIO FD's that I picked up at 5 minutes to close yesterday after noon when NIO hit 53 this AM.

A cool 5 bagger and sell, now I'm only down 300% all time.

Also sitting on CBAK shares. Suck my stinky pinky for moonday.
Merger getting announced soon that's why it's been building, most ppl think 12/17 is the date they will do that so probably see a runup before then idk why but I think next week.
try feet
Right there with ya, brotha!!  I made a solid zero percent over this day today, and my last year!!
Good fuck him
Stimulus talks going so well, we are not even mentioning them any more.
i basically did, so far so good
[deleted]
This is all that separates us from stocktwits. Pics
Get vrporn, its the new gamechanger
If DXY breaks under 92 we’re off to the moon
I’m retarded and don’t know much but this seems like a good way to get a margin call
Lol sold yesterday morning at 16$ and bought back this morning during the dip at 14,70$.
Googled the naming. More autistic than I thought:

Jack Ma, one of the founders, explained:

One day I was in San Francisco in a coffee shop, and I was thinking Alibaba is a good name. And then a waitress came, and I said, "Do you know about Alibaba?" And she said yes. I said, "What do you know about him?", and she said, "Open Sesame". And I said, "Yes, this is the name!"
yes. find a stock thats going up and day trade it through the dips and rises. not that tough if you have a good amount to throw in, thats the biggest barrier to entry and gains with shares. make 3-5% and go home for the day.
Sales multiples they are about a quarter of baba ATM. But I really don't know where 800 comes from
Insider Info ? Is this mf in the FBI
Who said anything about fair
As long as they don't have deepfakes of you using that product we're good
Yes and here I am still playing unsafely with options
It isn't. That's just the market.
It’s a gambling addiction, not investing.
His house probably gonna be empty lol
Good bot
Lmk if you find it
Porn in your 30s sucks, I feel like I've seen everything and nothing excites me anymore.

And I'm not a simp so onlyfans is out of the question.
Look for the ones that revolve around communications and work from home. Same reason why zoom made ppl millionaires. Although keep in mind that the lockdown will only be temporary and only play the rally. Not long term.
my assertion is that using an opposite monetary policy as the prior instance will cause a different (albeit still bad. just not as bad.) outcome.
“BABA is clapping my cheeks” gang, checking in!  That MF’er is just stuck in neutral and I don’t get it.
That's what i assumed it was, 42$ gain, he bought it at 2$ each and they went to 44$ each?
PLTR in like 5 years with government contracts and impending surveillance state.
which broker?
That's called a hernia.
Very nice. Never heard of Baupost, is it reputable? Will others follow?
[deleted]
I need this as my ring tone. 

And where can i get the full song ?
The White House presser prevented a dip today b/c vaccine news not expected next week
[deleted]
Woah I’m surprised you started with that though bro. It’s a good piece though. You should definitely get a glock 17 if you’re looking for some side protection though.
Yes as a day trade, and I made profit. Like I said he’s not right, but he does move the market. You’re still being a cry baby about it
Stimulus isn't coming until Feb. 

Senate is in recess right now. Repubs are on their way out the door. You think Moscow Mitch will want the costs of a second stimulus on Trump's tab? No way. 

He's going to make the Dems pay for it, so he can pretend to be "fiscally concerned" again. 

By the time checks are out, it will be mid Feb at the earliest.
12c 1/15
Good idc buy some calls and post your gains on Tuesday 🌝
seriously? weird af
Anyone here tried quitting options?
If a stock crash doesn’t kill the call holders, IV crush will
Will their earnings be AH or before our market opens? ACB mooned when their earnings were in the morning. So did XPEV yesterday. Really hoping they follow the XPEV train.
It's just like an analyst putting out a price target and the stock rallying.
Yeah I think Steph knew what he was doing when he injured his hand last November.  Got paid $40M to chill at home for a year.  2019-2020 was a wash for the Warriors even if COVID never happened.
And that is?
Hmmmm ya know I think 70 7’s would be a nice compromise
R E K T
its friday the 13th
Yes but I don’t think it’s happening this upcoming week
https://www.pionline.com/money-management/resolute-take-majority-ownership-ark-investment-management
they wont be able to afford one either due to their stupidity
What is this bullshit
already bought my TP. heard stores are already running out again LOL so funny.
Ban this stupid shit. NC was always called for Mango. Stfu
Yea no shit sherlock but how rare is it that a $50 stock has weekly options with strikes $10 OTM selling for over $200? Can make a mil a week just selling weeklies with IV like that
Wtf lmao. Amazon product pages now have twitch live streams at the bottom of the page featuring a streamer using that product 

Its only a matter of time before blade runner
Are you fucking stupid and illiterate? Mango won NC a long time ago. NC did not do a recount.
What is that
How many times do we have to teach these gay bears this lesson? Seriously just look at the options Volume you buffoon. 80% fucking raging bulls on calls and only 20% puts. You are going to get butt raped if you are holding puts, get out while you can.
How do they justify 800 dollars
[deleted]
Is her coach Kenny Powers?
Fiscal/monetary support = stonks go up. For the short to mid term at least.
wtf is diagnonal
BABA is way oversold. i wrote dec18 240p and used that proceed to buy some jan22 leaps.
[deleted]
Would you rather fuck one 10/10 , ten 5's, or a hundred 1's ?

With that you will have answer
Citron gonna trim your bags 🌝
Sound like my coworker
[deleted]
Proven other wise, no vaccine this upcoming week
[deleted]
big red for most yeah, but for stay at home and tech, its gonna BOOOOM. literally everyone is going to be sending people christmas gifts online instead of trading them under the tree or taking them in person. its gonna be a cyber christmas of epic proportions this year. Q4 earning for online retailers is going to be silly big again like it was in the spring and summer. and zoom and other dtay at home stocks will boom because, well, duh.
I’ve seen WSB meme stocks go through earnings enough times to know EXACTLY what’s going to happen
[deleted]
You have to spend 20-25k on a stock for a maybe 80$ -100$OTM weekly call. Some people rather spend 25k elsewhere
i just found out that tasty trade lets you sell ATM naked puts on SPY for only about $7156 buying power reduction

48 DTE out an ATM put last sold for $10.25 so when the option expires worthless you're making $1025 on a $7156 investment, which is a 14% return in less than 50 days (minus whatever the margin rate is)
BXRX ready to 🚀
Did you short Shop in 2017?
Fuck that. OP show me your pp and I’ll quit my job and work for you
Literally just watched that vid. Great explanation of the proposed changes without getting political at all. Just straight facts.
GTFO loser
Lol.   Golf carts ... and is that a roach coach?

nice.
Make it a wide spread with a 200 and you only have to cover the difference (45$).  Close out in two weeks or whenever it pops.  Put credit spreads are the way when the stock is consolidating
If you don't buy disney calls, you hate baby yoda
looks like someone learned about linear regression in data science bootcamp today
[deleted]
a new communist utopia
Bro you're reading this wrong. Feb/march were uncertain times. The fed made sure that we brrrrr forever. A lil stimulus to sweeten the deal and this shit is off to Mars.
It's all about how much risk you're willing to accept. If you have to ask the folks on here if it's time to sell, well goddamn that's not even a casino game at that point. That's buying a scratcher because the guy ahead of you at the gas station bought one.
Walmart is actually expensive for clothes
[deleted]
I try. If you have any questions about theta gang let me know, or whatever else. I dunno what your experience level is but just in case
Next 10 bagger SPAC?
Thought price targets were mosty conservative.

https://money.cnn.com/quote/forecast/forecast.html?symb=jd#:~:text=The%2042%20analysts%20offering%2012,the%20last%20price%20of%2090.98.
Oh yeah haha I forgot I just noticed that a couple days ago when I was looking at tickers Since they IPO. Thanks for the heads up.
That's my hope!

I'm looking to write some calendar spreads for my IWM puts.
Don’t forget the raisin rice. Yuuup. Indian food makes makes me shit for days
Will NIO moon next week? And will it take all the other China EV’s with it?
That SPCE call is a smart choice, have 2 for 11/27 23c and 7 11/20 23c they’re getting big increase as the flight test draws near
He said it’s chinas Tesla rival. As in it’s the Chinese version of Tesla. Not that they compete
Actually...
You didn’t lose $0. You GAINED $0. Strong work!
Nah I’ve been a perv in his thread all day. You’d think half the thread needs viagra it’s been so dull
but that's the point.. I'm trying this out with MSFT now.. I make 1% on dividends and 2% per month on monthly calls.

Which isn't a ton but that's $450-500 per month.

MSFT isn't going to go up too much so I don't lose out on upside, and it'll never go down either.
vaccine opens up economy. travel stocks biggest beneficiaries
PLAN has a cup with handle inside a cup with handle. 80 after earnings Tuesday the 24th
To put in perspective. It costs like 2-3k to get it installed on a car. Even people who buy luxury cars don’t consider it. It’s more so people with really high end cars like 200k+ that buy it.
Even when it’s just a couple hundred bucks it’s pure elation. That moment when the market opens and you see the price jump an unbelievable amount it’s pure dopamine
If you have like 10000 shares of something, you could sell deep otm calls for like .25 a pop which gives you about 2500 weeklies. Even more if IV is crazy high.
I wonder if Teladoc is going to rise from here or fall drastically seems to follow the same movements Zoom makes
True NIO losing 10-20% on a Tuesday is nothing big not a crash just a normal day brotha 😎
Unfortunately the former, if I fucked w 10% gains my account wouldn’t be blown up
Great Depresssion had the opposite monetary policy as now. are you positing that an opposite approach will cause the same outcome?
Hopefully this covid is over soon so i could start raving again in Q2
I disagree. 440 million dollars profit for the company increases the value of the company. If anything, the covid tests offset the elective surgery equipment BDX lost profits on this quarter.
\#1 - NC still isn't done with first count (looks like almost done though), #2 - NC was already called for Mango and only Mango.  Was never a Biden called state.
Absolutely. 
I've been to the NIO showroom in Shanghai. 
Their interiors are amazing. 

TSLA only trumps NIO in their autonomous driving IP. 
NIO is more focused on luxury. 

I couldn't bring myself to buy a model S after how shit their interiors / QA appeared.
[deleted]
How much longer is BABA gonna bang me for? I still don’t understand how a company named Ali Baba is Chinese and not Middle Eastern
7-5-1

gg

[https://chess.org/play/43d4f33b-6be7-48dc-8356-5bb2e4cfcd6a](https://chess.org/play/43d4f33b-6be7-48dc-8356-5bb2e4cfcd6a)
This will not be the same gsw team that won before durant, they are all older, steph is 32, klay coming back from a torn acl and missing a lot of those cheap contract players that helped them. I'm not saying they suck but I'm guessing they will be like 3-6 in the conference.
What's your exit plan?
[removed]
[deleted]
Mfucker! Nothing worst than fake shit! Go back to your play account.
That’s sourness oozing out
Not failed but the highest price is usually on the few days after it gets listed then it tends to drift down. Look at fb snowflake rkt etc it’s a pretty common stock movement for ipos
Selling spreads on them is even better
link?
Although the money supply surged, the monetary base rose to keep up with it. The money multiplier signals a rise in inflation or not. Currently it’s rolling over, indicating deflationary pressure.

Price inflation is different. Is this what you mean?

I mean inflation in terms of the expansion of money in the system.
Requesting blackcock flair because people looking up gme bother me. DD I’m a retard
Lol nio back to 25s would save me. I don't think selling is over. Looking at JKS, nio should prob keep dumping hopefully
Ha ha ha. After more NIO dumps we might have to bunk up in my parent's basement. Hope you like being a bottom.
Depends on what you mean free money? If it's a low vol stock like JNJ you make very little since the IV is low but there's also a super low chance it blows past the strike. It's probably on average a little bit profitable but it's not that much.
I think the main problem is low expectations for next year. People don't care about their 2020 numbers. Obviously those will be great because of the massive drop in interest rates following covid. Big investors aren't sure they can keep it up. Though I have no idea why the stock went up to $34 if that were the case so I could be wrong. They keep saying they're a fintech, but haven't done much to convince the market of that. They need to do more outside of housing. The share buyback is odd. I'd rather they acquire more businesses or branch out.
Spy puts gunna print next week?
11/27 baby!!!!
It’s Friday, you got no job, and you ain’t got shit to do!
[deleted]
I mean yeah just because he advocates “responsible investing” and shit. I hated him too for that at the beginning. But the guy knows his shit and breaks it down very clearly and concisely. Really a talented video producer
[removed]
This might be a little crass, and I totally give my condolences (I'm so sorry, brotha)

But what were his positions?
User was banned for this post.

Don't abuse DD flair.
sherwin williams
literally embrace it and get some rest. like serious naps and long night sleeps. it really helps keep you sharp from all the stress of the week
lmao cases rising so sharply and they're only going to continue rising more sharply and they can't even negotiate a stim still. america the great
is this unexpected?  I feel like it’s just cause football started
like, nuts
Due to cost, stress, or both?
Whats ur style a 1000% return a 100% ten times or 10% a hundred times. Im swinging like the balls on my wifes bf banging out my mom.
Can't believe China shrugged off the virus like that. Say what you will it's fucking impressive
Instead of saying jackoff/porno, I say I'm jaqueoff porneaux. Like the guy who played the joker.
[removed]
were you born with titanium balls or you got them later?
Ok then buy calls you dumb bastard
Lol. No, that cheap ass $25 call that I bought today went up by 30%. Will cash out when it’s 10 000% 😉🤣
As close to 0% as possible.
Sheesh. I should’ve knew what to do with my life in college
This place on the weekends is what i imagine death row inmates talk about before they get hung on monday.
That’s where the glitch comes in.
Puts on ur kids college fund
With Oregon and New Mexico entering "partial" lockdown, and with California and New York clearly being in exponential growth of COVID cases, we're going to see several states enter lockdown over the next few weeks.

If these trends continue, one of Biden's first moves may be to impose a general lockdown. With Thanksgiving and Christmas both coming, and there being basically no measures in place to slow spread right now, this is going to continue to get out of control.

Anti-Maskers can say what they want, but when governors see their hospitals at 120% capacity across the state, they're going to have to shut down, regardless of their political leanings.

Positions: 3/19 IWM $150p.
Ok drunk talk, but real talk. Covid numbers go up, stocks hit all time highs. Vaccine news comes out, stock hit all time highs. Stocks start to dip? Throw in some stimulus tease headlines, problem solved!   This whole market doesn't make sense but you can't deny that shits going up
It's not that simple ARM processors are not just simple switch for any AAA game, of which most build their own engine like frostbite or crye Hine. Moving to an ARM processor from x64 processor is like going from working in a full Nascar garage to your dad's shed. Yes, you can do all the same stuff but it's a lot easier having all the tools available. The whole reason Apple is moving to ARM is because their sick of building 2 of everything, do you think game devs are going to want to start building a game for another platform?
Sign up for ARK's newsletter, they tell you their daily position changes.
Information warfare. It’s right here guys look look
Lol idk dude how much do you have in yours???
Also used to try to clench my leg muscles at every reflector to pass the boredom in the car as a kid
thank you. my SPY puts feel better now.
Word
looks like they bought them at 9.50ish a share.  Maybe they bought calls
Yeah I'm looking to buy back when it either dips or breaks out, might even hold through the event now banking on other people's fear
Reason #7652 why I’m not having kids
lol your kids probably going to be a dirty happy hippy who hates the concept of money and thinks they have an elitist dad who trades stocks or something. kids will be what they are, love em for whatever that is.
I bought a SOLO call today for shits and giggles.
Doesn’t this sub hate him?
Applebee’s let me eat inside but I had to promise not to get too drunk and pull my dick out again
premiums are so low and the stock doesnt really move
There’s going to be a nice dip in a couple months, invest in Microsoft, Tesla, nvidia, amd, etc.  Set aside funds for options only, and don’t dip into your investments.
[deleted]
Once the retailers “digest” the short report and realize what a load of 🐻 💩 it is, it’ll gap up hard on Monday for NIO/XPEV/LI. Actually, this gives more coverage as people talk more and more about them over the weekend.
[removed]
Thanks for the info brotha
What on gods name is this photo??? Never want to see it again
poop. maybe pee? idk
Jack off 6 times in 2 days and wait for NIO to print
That’s literally the exact same as what I have done since March :(
Spend that $$
Can confirm with AMZN. Pull back is way bigger than going up
What platform is this?
[removed]
Will prob throw some cash in on them not gonna lie.
As much as I'd like it to happen for the laughs, NKLA is still over 20 a share...

None of this shit makes sense.
Bublés de ejacular
this\^\^   sleepy j should replace oregon with puerto rico as a state letting oregon becoming CHAZ
will be glad to pick up docu n tdoc calls
Really appreciate it! Shit has been rough lately. I won’t even go into putting a down payment of 35k down for new brewing equipment and having the dude die of a heart attack 2 weeks later. Money missing, equipment missing, company dissolved and hearing “sorry, go fuck yourself” over and over from his wife. Fuck Argentina but something has to go my way soon right?
Besides BA and DIS what are some good boomer stocks to jump into? Would you consider MSFT boomer?
with stable stocks like msft or etfs.
**DD Comment** 

SOLO = YOLO

5.5c 1/20/23 x2
I don’t think it’s going sub 40. It’s not a Ponzi scheme 😂 but you can certainly make money on puts. I’m sure there will be a sell off after earnings. Probably down from ~60 to ~45
How many have 7 figure or higher accounts?
how much cash do you keep on hand? I got about 20% ready for a dip
Puts it is then.
it really is especially with dividend stocks
Oh I’m a moron, just not the coach
https://youtu.be/e23SotgestI
IL VA PAS PERDE
Graham Stephen did a great breakdown of potential taxes under Biden - https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9TSsjZwvp1U

The more I watch of that guy, the more I like him
i also do my best to avoid the lines on a cross walk when i drive over it and stay on the black.
The fuck we suppose to do now? It’s Friday the markets closed
Autismo 5000
China does fake business
MRNA news will probably rank COVID stocks but do you think they will produce anything viable???
Because TGT is overvalued
Exactlyyyyy... you think this sub waits til end of expiration?  lol
Nah bro. Those were uncertain times. 2nd wave + shutdowns that come with it is pretty much expected at this point.
it will be $20 by Friday
Which ones you looking at? I got my eyes on Bezos’ beautiful shiny dome 👀
Many went short positions in TSLA and got burned like in 2019 and early 2020.
i did that with NIO a few weeks ago and died
Can I get a sip of that shit, I'm holding  onto expiry Friday...?

Seriously, i need a sip!  I'm hurtin' over here!!
we're using Japan's approach and I'm fucking Japanese bro.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you
Dude check out Danny Mullen on YouTube. The first half of his newest video is gold
Sauce fam
Was it you? Are you the moron?
Haha and other people saying citron did this to some other tickers that didn’t give a fuck either. Cant remember them. But led me to believe this citron shit will be short lived.
Just curious, why wouldn't you sell far OTM weekly calls when you're holding long term? It's free money.
Pretty typical in a room full of virgins
Damn what do you do?
Open up play?
Oooh you might be onto something there shh
Yeah man. I used to do it. Gonna start again. Options are too pricey rn. I usually rotate back and fourth and switch to shares when IV and premiums get retarded in options. 

I’d stay away from TSLA tho. I could see it crashing and taking forever to come back. It’s such a gamble stock, I like to lean towards safety but that’s just me. Good luck! 🍀
chill bro
Instead of Brad Pitt can we have Anna Kendrick? Unless you're a lady, then I guess I can swing that way too.
[deleted]
Silveaps.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Silver leaps' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
Got It.  Best of luck.  
.'
My daughter broke her arm at basketball practice because her coach is a moron....fak
Ehhh yeah everything looks like a ponzi but tbh more room to push or just fuck around at these levels.
150k Covid cases+no stimulus vaccine in April 
I guess we will see who comes out on top
Thanks
Sell low buy high sounds good to me
🤡🤡
Boy you bout to get long-dicked
Silver leaps
Team mayhem
12
Wife is pissed at me..lol
But I’m pretty good with my finances...just messed up this time.
$1T valuation, minimum.
Never been to either state, good riddance to em lockdown all you want
i'm a lakers fan. glad they got their 'chip while gsw were on the sidelines. they going to be great when they get their pieces back..and the #2 pick
only other major country that has tried QE on this scale is Japan.

I'm half Japanese. born in Japan.

I've literally seen this central bank "playbook" used before.
Yes, but my stock swing trading account is almost 7 figures.  So easy to just dump money in like CRSR  at $17 and sell when it hit $28. It works well with at least a few hundred thousand dollars.
7-4-1

GG

[https://chess.org/play/3bcdeb68-6513-4b63-af15-1c25b934c8c1](https://chess.org/play/3bcdeb68-6513-4b63-af15-1c25b934c8c1)
No reason for EVs then.  We driving gas guslers to Valhalla.
Man, all these money-losing companies are like the dotcoms. Be prepared for 90% drawdown when we normalize. This time is different right lol
Lol stimulus check was life savings and you're playing options?  Come on bro.
Oh shittt hell yeah. Yeah I just gotta play w it for a couple days.
Sold it. This MRNA news is going to tank Covid stocks
Zoom 800c leaps for lockdown
Also, nice ban flair brother!
think about all the money you guys could have made if you had picked nio instead of gme when you bought those calls 2 weeks ago.
Haha tell her its just tsla baby.
Spirit up 10 percent today. Bought puts at close, anyone else do that?
Damn really? I just got in like a month ago in my Roth, be a shame to have to pull out so early.
Princed in. Go big on tech.
You mean the falling knife? Not sure you got the memo but funds are going long boomer.
I saw Giraldo live for my birthday the night he died. Shame.
YO SAME!!!
I found most people live at the level they can afford. So they’re always just barely getting by no matter the income
It depends on which market you’ve been looking at. As bond yields go up cyclicals will go up with it. As bond yields go down, tech companies will go inverse the bonds. What you saw was a .1bp move in 2/5year bond yields. That forced every cyclical to go up. Look at bonds and what bond traders are doing because that is what has been driving the market as of late. Bond yields a la cyclicals have to go up in order for there to be another crash or else everything already crashed and tech is the only thing that needs to be flushed.
I bet. I got in this AM when it was at about $172.50. 

Picked up 92 contracts of 3/19 IWM $150p. 

Plan is to write calendar spreads against them until they go ATM. Will start with 12/18s once it gets to $165.

Of all the main ETFs, IWM is going to be the first to crack.
My Pro Max should be here any minute.
Take the money and run! There are plenty of opportunities out there
[deleted]
More Cathie Ark for me 😋
If we lockdown again do you think spy will crash? 

Just want opinions/ unconsidered thoughts. 

Want to make a big play like I did in Feb/March.
This is fax no printer
Looks like some institutions are paying the mods extra to really shill this particular pump and dump.

I'm guessing the disclaimer's supposed to make it not-so-obvious or something.
Speak for yourself nerd.

Billsmafia
Or big investors game the system. What’s more likely?
I think I did?  Held my nios....
damn SE. I was at one point abt to be assigned SE shares at 110 and then i pussied out and closed the position for $200 loss..fml
California getting ready to lockdown. Already restricting dinning in and other things. This is time for people to prepare to avoid a massive panic.
Zoom?
Finally someone who gets it. I'm sick of all the clueless boomers who don't understand stocks bitching and moaning. Pathetic.
If you think it’s falling. Pile into puts?
get a roth ira started asap
Penis.
literally EXACTLY this. sold nio for big profit at open, should have ended the day and walked away, but i threw it all back into li right at the top. stock plummeted and i finally pulled the plug around 35. Loss was so big it erased everything i gained from the week and a bit more. time to get back to work next week and get back to growing the portfolio again. learned a lesson or two from this and thats the most important thing.
Lol I dig it but half of the Gain porn here is from rh screenshots just saying. People make money on rh too...
I have been trading $35k, usually try to look for patterns in fluctuations and set limit buys and then set limit sells, usually exit with $150-$250 profit. Haven’t had anything crash on me yet. It’s a bit time consuming, but it’s honest work. I have to withdraw money every month for living expenses as I’m in school, but hoping to grow the account over time.
[deleted]
Preach.
I definitely do that
Ya you really want options with high liquidity and decent volatility.
other way around for most people
Pretty sure anyone even remotely responsible here is only betting a small portion of their portfolio on options. Vast majority should be in something much safer and future thinking.
Fucking exactly, no stressing starring at futures like a degenerate every night. No stressing, just small scalps quick in and out 15 mins -30 mins. Extra 60k for doing nothing. Hell you can work minimum wage and make over 100k a year doing this strategy. Now assume you’ve built up a decent account where you wouldn’t even feed bad burning 2k, you easily start adding 5k a week to yourself. Just in and out quick, not holding overnight not caring about earnings or current events. The only thing that can kill you is a stock being flat all day, which rarely happens. It will go up then go down even if it stays flat for the day. Limiting your loss to -15% -20% you can do this daily and in a year or two get HUGE
There’s gonna be so much controversy with the release and admin of the vac. It’s gonna be delayed..
[deleted]
Lost exactly $0 today. Time to beat this meat
Had some Afghan food in Bloomington IN. Bland as hell and there's a shit ton of great ethnic food in that town. If there's an Indian restaurant across the street, go there.
Xpel is a paint protection film manufacturer (mainly automotive). It’s had some good growth lately but cmon how much do you see a company like this growing.
[deleted]
I have learned so much today!
This was literally going to be my strategy. Trade  amazon, Tesla, amd, AAPL and hop on random trains like NIO when they happen
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Apple’s emoji for losses has a blue trend line and red line for gains. This is so wrong it hurts. Clearly they have hired 0 autists on their emoji team. $AAPL to $69

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtsr8y
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtsr8y) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Garbohydrate, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Puzzleheaded_Rip_327
Garbohydrate
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
...
Please tell me I’m not the only one who purposely tries to switch lanes without running over any reflectors
In the short term there’s you might be fine especially if the whole market tanks next week
Yeah I lost money on his attack on Enph. So I don’t pay him no mind. Nervous cause it’s out of my comfort zone. Fomo d in a wee smidge far :)
Slow as fuck but way to get 10% CAGR with virtually no draw downs is standard 60% SPY, 40% TLT re balance quarterly.
We might all be bagholding by Monday though
Is there a decent Chinese index out there?
As Chapelle would say that’s his weak stuff aim for his stand up. Lol I love that show top 3 characters for me is Chuck Taylor, Silky Johnson, and Clinton Bigsdy (think I spell the last name wrong) but man no one has the balls to do or say what he does.
im all in on the open up play...got marriott too. long dated calls
Looks like Resolute just took a majority stake in Arkk and Cathie Wood's panties are in a knot. May pull out of this ETF to be honest if she's not calling the shots.
That’s hot. I’m 1.7k into 11/20 bullish debit spreads and 5.6k into 12/18 calls. I agree. Straight up manipulation. But hey. I got to average down and pick up a bunch of cheap ass debit weeklies. So I’m chillin 😂👍
Accurate
Yep I would buy puts if I was you
Warriors were never out. They knew about what was to come in 2020 so all the studs got their life injuries over with this year. They’ll be back this year and for awhile.

They played us
Can't wait until my kid is old enough to "invest" so we can lose money together.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Me too.  163 before the news Monday and now 172.   All dated in December.  Got torched today
Use stop loss man
Let me DM you since I don't know if I can just give away their store. I'm new though.
Yeh this guys right .. instead of asking questions and trying to learn how to better your understanding of the market and/or your portfolio .. you should just park your money in some boring boomer etf and move on with your life .. yOuRe LoWeR tHaN hIm CaUsE hE hAlF uNdErStAnDs FiNaNcE 🙄
2 states no one cares about besides hippies and I’m the gayest bear I know.
[deleted]
I see that makes sense but Yea prior to that it went up to 55 just surprised on that run up.
So basically we should just pile into NIO now, just as it starts falling
I have 10 calls for 11/20 there was about 250m worth of shares bought up today buy Baupost.

Seth Klarman's Baupost fund takes new positions in Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Tontine (NYSE:PSTH) with 17.5M shares and Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) with 5.22M shares, according to its latest 13F filing.
I am not waiting around to find out haha. i will exit my positions a couple days before the event, but based on my dd, they'll have a successful flight, they have been working on this for years and have already tested similar flights. the last time a big crash happened with sth like this was like 10 years ago. i think its pretty unlikely to happen now.
Part of the reason why TSLA has stalled since September is that its constant price reduction has not been received well in China, alongside other "squishy" selling practices. At the same time, local players have seen sales gathering more momentum.

I don't doubt Elon will continue to find big success in the China market over the long run, but to portray this as a zero-sum game as Citron did there is retarded.

Case in point, why didn't Tesla rally after the report came out? Go a step further, Model Y made in Shanghai is old news, the price nonetheless, didn't seem to care at all
Yep watching my numbers go way down and the finger’s still sitting on the buy button to see how great this discount gets.
Bet, I’ll be waiting in the queue ;)
[removed]
I fully expected Apple and google to be worth a trillion back then
Damn I hate that it’s the weekend. This shit is the only exciting thing in my life right now.
It’s Kobe not “Koby” you retard! At least get his name right if you’re going to reference a legend like that.
Takes like a day to get used . Being able to change your order and see price movement in real time is a life saver
CRSR
OK, the full disclosure is that I only play desktop games (League of Legends, Overwatch, etc). I never play games on my phone so that might be why I might be psychologically against it.

Although I have met one investment banker who used to work at Zynga and he said as an intern he spent like 2 weeks trying to figure out which color chickens should be in some game. He was using his Stanford degree in data analytics to find what's most addicting. So I guess there's that.

I will take you up on that please don't send ~~too much~~ hentai.
Well 500k is a shit ton of money for the most part. It’s more than most people will make in 10 years. However, there’s always larger fish :)
Did you use a machete
You are wise beyond your years OB1
options have to be the biggest scam going. When it goes up it doesn't go up enough, and when it goes down it seems to go down 3 x the move of the underlying.
Anyone by the PTON dip?
Ya, just don’t sell until green.

Just play with SPY, AAPL, AMZN etc 

Don’t do random shit like PFE, INTC, etc... these stocks take forever to come back if you buy at the wrong time. Been bag holding 3M shares for over a year as it is.

Those big ones like SPY and AAPL bounce back pretty quick. Worst case in a few months
well.. define nuts
Uhhh the highest price that contract was at today was $8.39. Post the full purchase and sell. This looks like bull shit to me.
That’s what I was thinking. How much are you trading with and what strategy are you using ?
yield higher because they stop dividends for that quarter.
Donate all your money to me, I'm pretty retarded so I could get you losses asap 🙂👍
Curious about Motley fool. Are you happy with their paid service? Any great stocks they’ve recommended?
If TOS looked like RH nobody would use it and would switch to a more professional app for traders that make money.
That’s a tough one. They are up for the week and are at a Covid high. I made puts, expecting a gap down and then when I tried to sell yesterday..I hit the buy and doubled up. 🤬
A skill I wish i better understood
lesser of 2 evils. in theory.
We'll be like Thelma and Louise, and ride this out together then! 😄
Got diagonal 95c 11/27, short 11/20 100c. Somehow only $185 bc of IV diff. Figure a nice triple up or more if it stays under 100 this week then up
It is not over, prepare for the 100 mark..run run.
what kind of counter do you have? quartz > granite for your specific scenario, it won’t absorb anything, also ew
your gf has nuts?
Been making 1k a day making small trades here and there.
Try zyn or similar pouches if you haven’t, haven’t smoked in about 4 months using them and starting to ween off of them as well
Ah ha! I inverse you!
How did you take a screenshot? It won't let me
[removed]
Citron did the same short attack on Enph last year. Accounting fraud etc. market gave zero fucks and Enph being a straight line up since.
Damn, you lost enough money to buy a '93 Toyota Paseo!
Yes but its slow unless you have thousands of shares and sell covered calls
Oregon, New Mexico LOCKDOWN BIG RED COMING
There aren't too many people who held REITs before March who think they are a good idea these days lol.
What if this is one of those crazy bubbles that old ladies make though that get huge and float forever? Cool shit man.
Positions or gtfo
Why are there so many sexual comments tonight? Is there a full moon or something?
I got 11/20 qnd 27 RCL puts, just lost 500 today when some expired worthless. I feel u man, I just need 1 red day to gtfo. But use optionscalculator.com it's pretty helpful to lyk how much u lose daily. Gl mate
[removed]
Buy PLTR shares while it is still cheap will be a good long term hold.
[removed]
25000 united states dollar is that hard hm
Only a small percentage of people who get shot 9 times live.
Minus the NIO part
They have the fastest SSDs in the world new, just released their new NAND tech this week

EDIT: ATH witihin reach
Good shit
The new 60-40 portfolio
😳
Not until you get your free stock
IWM puts fosho.

I’m in deep. 

Don’t @ me.
No balls
Just buy poots
If you buy Chinese goods u hate America. Be a patriot by destroying all Chinese made products you own!
You should be seeking tendies not pussy. GTFO
Lmaoo yeah the single seat 💺 is fuckin wack. The other 2 models are cool tho, even tho those other 2 are not on the road yet
Fuck You
900% would suffice if a contract is $1
Well said
Lost way too much money with options. Anyone in here make consistent gains with shares ?
Well in general i would say ur spot on, but I have multiple sources point to vaccines will be available this month/December for certain.
Bought shares and sold some puts today. Waiting for a drop to buy some leaps
If you know about gematria you’re a real one
HAHAHA get a load of this guy! Now the multi millionaire from Google is an expert on stock valuation as well.
[deleted]
Good throw your money at it 🌝
So, second wave is coming big time. What to buy, what to buy
I know some of those letters
just getting started
Why is this shit pinned?
You'll be fine. Look at all the stock price upgrades lately. JP morgan analysts both with 40+ and citi as well. The statement by Andrew Left today came at quite the time didn't it? Why didn't he just wait until after earnings? NIO reported year over year earnings in Q3, and their has been countless catalysts to prove NIOs worth including the recent contract with Bejing. Read between the lines. That manipulative cock sucker wanted his peice of the pie. Oh and don't forget to look at how many shares institutions have been loading up on recently.


Long story short....YOU'RE RICH!
[deleted]
Haha what are some big companies that had IPOs that failed?
not me but my gf after chalupa night
like the entire fucking point of what they're doing is they're choosing stagflation over depression.
You’re fuckin numb nutz labeling this DD
Something something Nio. 
Its been great but my favorite color is red. How do I fix this?
That is an ambitious PTON strike.
Well guess what I am short both
This is the most wholesome comment thread I’ve seen on wsb
Dude if you’re investing at 20 you’re off to a great start man. 80% long term & 20% option
Wow thank you for the specific keywords to research. I have working knowledge of Java, JavaScript, python and power shell. I’m currently building audio vst plugins as a project (albeit using a visual programming language). Tbh my concern is my lack of formal education as my last 10 years work exeperience have been as a sous chef and I’m now without a career due to COVID. Learned audio recording in college and taught myself the programming stuff. 
Thx again mate
It's coming. Doesn't matter what the Fed does. All they can do is buy time. Capital is a special kind of fluid. It decays immediately. Wherever there is a choke- point in the flow of capital there is crises. This is the largest disruption of the flow of capital I've ever witnessed and probably the worst in American history. To think it's just gonna keep humming along is retarded. But who can say when the music will stop? Nobody knows
>My expectations should mean nothing.

Ha ha this is WSB, that is assumed. Just kidding, I agree with you.

May we see each other 5 years from now on reddit and toast over our $2,000 NIO shares.
Dude. Zynga is going to be great. They have invested insanely over the last few years which is why their stock price is so low. They run their best games as hard as they can and they discard the losers immediately. Look up some of their recent purchases. I wish I could explain further but i’m on a phone. Zynga will be great. DM me your email and i’ll send you some relevant information tomorrow.
don't insult Elon like that... Elon would be thrown in jail in China
No it’s because
[removed]
[removed]
Positions or rap3 u in the butt then BAN
Fr I laughed when everyone was like HAHAH short report is out and NIO is up 12% then boom NIO down 14% 🤡🤣
[deleted]
Actually CC > PMCC.
lost my saving on nio.  Now I have to wait for the second stimulus check to yolo again.
No idea how it is going up
Hey! It's not retard school, it's "Special" school! 

\>:(
Nope. New admin coming in and they will let the clinical trials play out. Trials normally take at least a year. I’m assuming MD is medical doctor...If so, we have the same education.
Expulsion of pneumoturia.
[deleted]
Ya nice find. Those those top 2 results appear to be desktop CPU’s. (The AMD chip is discrete).  I can’t find a laptop utilizing it.
Haha it’s my first day. I used it for paper trading a couple times and after that I started rh in august. I’ll get used to it eventually.
Wait it out for a few weeks before you throw money at it just due to the nature of ipos
Anyone know any hot single milfs who would shit on my counter?
One story about the batteries exploding like a hover board and you’re all fucked
That's literally not American..(what original op said) 

American is taking money from every company around the world because you own everything. That's fucking American. 

Fucking idiots don't even understand capitalism anymore.
This right here. Much of the time if it’s long term they’re just as culpable but some women are master manipulators. They can play the victim like it’s a fucking olympic sport. Expert victims but are just as abusive as their partner.
Joe Rogan is calling you a liar then
CCP angry at BABA so no.
Who the fook is this guy
>  Economists who would say "but why would someone make a decision that is bad for them?"

Yeah, and those economists would study this by performing experiments to figure out why people DO make decisions that are bad for them, or for their futures, or are short-term focused only. Economists don't try to redefine the word "rational."

> The gold price recovered, though, and dollars just keep getting devalued further.

LOL. Sounds great when you try to sell that pile of shit that way! "Sure there was an economic shock that caused huge difficulties, but what about a slow inflation rate!"

> But you would struggle to make a model that X% of people are going to just choose drugs over productivity because it isn't "rational" - and yet people choose it.

Yeah, so rather than ditching the rational actor theory, those hacks redefined words.
Nah, I like playing wsb. Some are trash and and some are good
My TA says it's due for a pull back and also if the flight goes wrong this stock is going to 0
[deleted]
I look forward to imbeciles mewling about their losses and blaming shortsellers and Citron next week instead of looking  in the mirror
Japan style stagflation from too much QE is a much bigger concern than the Great Depression which involved restricted monetary supply.
Round robin parlay the best way to go
Alternative title: bitter autist who fomo'd NIO makes throwaway account to feel better about himself after stock dips
Good
I’ll play u on chess.com
I’m gonna find this man and thank him for letting me buy this dip so hard! Good guy!
[deleted]
[deleted]
What the medical term for dick queefs
It's a CVS presser. I don't think they have inside information about approval.
Wise choice.
Big, big mistake
im about to sell my 11/27 12.50c for a 50% loss and use that money on $23 11/27 spce calls or some solo calls...fuck gamestop..
You’ve only heard her side of the story
NVDA on monday. Thank me later.
You can still itemize losses on retirement accounts if you close all accounts of the same type and your distribution < your total cost basis.  Most people don't do this because they actually have real retirement assets and don't want all of them taxed because of one shitty trade.  I'm guessing this doesn't apply to OP.
I wish
damn, that sucks man. but if u had shares why you sold so early? they have their first suborbital test flight coming up. I am thinking it'll cross 30, because this is the biggest event for virgin galactic so far
hacked direct tv 18 yrs ago
wouldn't you die immediately if hit?
Fucking clown I'm shorting this POS 🌈🐻 RALLY TONIGHT
There is a ton of open call interest in GM. I’m just wondering if they gonna announce something.
Who caught $MU under $57? Already +60% on Dec12 calls, looking for 200% when it hits $60 on Monday
Pro max.

I got appl positions. Pump my baby up.
Lol
they can puppet me driving my XpengLiNioLambo
Dont feel bad, i gave up a $100 trying to ride it longer
And I still don’t know if it is or not it prob is
From what I understand, they’re providing QE which pulls liquidity from the system. Which means people will need to liquidate to pay bills causing asset prices to decrease.
Wait. Do you get not high?
pumpkin in yogurt sauce doesn't sound that great. that's just me
Future tech being propped by a government > trump covid leadership skills
Lmao I thought it was Chinese!
This thing might as well be China EV. $25 to $37 this month. A leader in protective coating and films. LFG.
You are correct, unless you have bad genetics or bad luck
6-4-1

[https://chess.org/play/6e537606-40b5-4b83-8ca3-ff7bb92c8fd5](https://chess.org/play/6e537606-40b5-4b83-8ca3-ff7bb92c8fd5)

accept game config in 20 seconds or im moving on
Opening 352 Monday 9:30am
Save for a rainy day. But build wealth. I started an IRA when I was your age and I’m glad I did. I will never regret that. Stick enough back for some rainy day funds but don’t be afraid to take some risks. You’re never gonna look back in 10 years and wish you had that extra thousand bucks back you lost on options. Try to be responsible with your gains tho. Build it to where you can retire at 35 if you ever figure out the secret.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Migos - Deadz feat. 2 Chainz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxCrqtdEXAA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxCrqtdEXAA)⠀►►⠀ 3:06 / 4:40 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Ya ever shit so hard your nuts make a weird noise
Hope you autist know, just one bad news on Nio and it’s going back to $2.
That the pandemic is basically over.  And he did everything better than anyone ever in history.
Put half of it into SPY (the etf not the FDs) and thank me later.
Word, idk why it keeps drilling. Just the uncertainty of chinese regulators I guess
Fuck Illinois
You a beta
Ya, you didn't even need to say that. If ToS is hard for you we already know you were up to retard behavior
alexa play Deadz by Migos
fried watching the chapelle show. happy friday
XPEL and NIU. All in
No if its risky you might lose it all and want your tax loss carryforward
Just heard on the radio that a corporate Potbelly store in downtown Chicago hasn’t paid their rent since April. Sounds bullish.
Pro max. Just got mine today and it’s smooth as fuck coming from the XR.
You sound like the idiots who said the same thing about TSLA.

&#x200B;

You know what I send people evidence of my wealth only to get hate comments. I posted under alternative accounts my million dollar + winnings.

&#x200B;

Edit: blocked due to browsing your comments and seeing you are an obvious troll.
Yeah it’s gonna go up if your in Australia.
Today I went from up 87% to up 103% to up 70% and it really hurt me
Exactly that. Up 900 at open then down 400 at close today felt like I got coal
This is what I believe, and Citron evaluation solely is stemmed for short term and it clearly benefits them with the latest movement. It does not change NIO fundamentals or backing of the CCP. You either believe NIO will be the leader or very prosperous in EV of China, or you don't.  Clearly short term investors or new investors really showed their hand.  With the latest rejection, as this seems to be their first true test, i plan on anticipating for the next, and will likely sell my initial investment locking in profit, and revisit on the next "big" dip. This still doesn't seem like a massive dip considering they are still up in my expectations.  My expectations should mean nothing.
Scorpions and sand?
Yeah its anyone's game, bulls can say it dipped so much it has to go back up. Bears can say it's overvalued and stonk goes down
Why??
Meme of the year award.
JD and then SE, December 12 calls
[deleted]
I’m just sayin, mad undervalued
Interesting. Might pop when doordash debuts and people clown car in
Where did you find the 100c? I could only get 70s!
6-4-1

GG

[https://chess.org/play/bd187d22-84ed-4d59-9af6-5d3041f2234a](https://chess.org/play/bd187d22-84ed-4d59-9af6-5d3041f2234a)
Nikola going big uppies you hater
Money
No I just saw them coming in at today’s lows.. I think it’s common stock not options.. but also may be a hedge from MM or something..
Yes sir
I've been sitting on KCAC since $12.67 (up 58%); they just announced their meeting to vote to merge with QuantumScape ([https://www.quantumscape.com/](https://www.quantumscape.com/)) which is backed by VW and Bill Gates, on 11/25.  Not an EV company; an EV battery company.  In @ 400 shares; wishing I'd picked up some more $8 ago...
Your comment gave me the courage to buy 90 260 calls 0 DTE @ 0.60 and sell for 0.95! Thank you sir
Wouldn’t qqq up mean spy up? Don’t get me wrong I hope you’re right
dal calls
Will probably moon
So hot rn
Good plan.
Because you'll emotionally abuse them in new and exciting ways.
Shouldn’t Biden being president offset most of the XI shit? Babas sell off was way overblown
i wouldn't have any savings. i'd put half in some broad market ETF, and the rest in gambles
but ardit says only up
Happened on Monday. 2k —> 14k
there will be vaccines starting this month.  BELIEVE THAT.
Imma send Andrew left this thread 😂😂😂😂
This is not DD. Please repost with another flair.
goddammit im in
> amazon numbers

What ER did you see? Their numbers were better
You had me reading in half-belief until "elite retards". Well played
It is.
Its not true love until you pee in between her legs while she is peeing
It looks like there's a cryptocurrency under dash too that spiked today
Lmk if you find it
State of New Mexico...grocery stores are running out of toilet paper again.
Keep the tip!
Hacked twitter one time. Got a lot of bitcoins. Can’t access them anymore lol
I read the comment and was going to tear you apart. But then I read your name and I’m rethinking everything right now
Lol tell me more about how you only own 100% made in America shit. Cuz I guarantee your phone is from China in some way.
Every day.
Other douches?
IPOB gonna be in the 24-25 range Monday u heard it here first.
good sir all stocks going up besides NKLA
Google just autocorrected “XPEV stock” to “XPEL” stock and I noticed XPEL is up 13.7% today. No idea what this is but I’m going all in.
Ok, so we have Monday and Tuesday.
Fuckin Afghani food.. this shit is the goddamn bomb.  Kaddo borani (baked pumpkin in yogurt sauce) is amazeballs.
That was first correction, but what about second correction
I thought Americans were heavy capitalists. Isn’t that why people back Trump? Because they love money?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD.

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Gonna go all drunk to Li's house. "Muddafucka, I dot of swappabah batteries way 'fo you, muddafukka. And so what 'f u actual did 'em fo 'us. Widout me you'd me nuthin'. NUTHIN'. Where my beer?"
The one I remember most was nvda late 2016 . The stock ran from $30's to about $110 that year.  Citron did their short and it dropped to the $90's and I panicked.
Thanks now I'm balls deep long
why do I attract girls that make barely enough to support themselves. it's fucking infuriating.
Why drive a lambo to the grocery store when a Kia will do.
i bought at a high point today, I am full retard
On what?
I’m gonna buy a Vespa next year
I think your post just made me more retarded than I already was. But look on a serious note, a bubble bursting and markets truly collapsing has to be triggered by something. The 2008 meltdown came from people unable to pay their shitty overpriced mortgages and then the subsequent impact on shitty mortgage-backed securities. The February 2020 meltdown came from virus concerns and rebounded semi-quickly. 

What will cause the current “bubble” to burst? Sure there are some overvalued stonks here and there, but corrections happen all the time without a market collapse lol. Another collapse from rising virus counts? OK but vaccines are coming and lockdowns will be local and only in extreme cases where hospitals are hitting max capacity. There will likely be another stimulus bill after Buyden gets in. The only thing that causes a collapse is fucking civil war which...are we gonna treat that as a realistic possibility?
You’ll get it after spy 400!
AMZN should be about 2800
Thanks. Customer service goes through hell, I try to be extra nice.
Same here. I see alot of optimism out in the world especially economy wise. But fundamentally even if covid goes away tommorow there's alot the needs to be repaired.
Ahhh haha okay. I was wondering what the real role of the analyst is. So they’re basically just joe shmos when it comes to these price targets?
Has anyone here ever hacked anything before?
Actually they really aren't a lot of the time....
If you think anyone read that your are mistaken
WSB we not investing. We jumping in riding waves tring not to crash. Holding for hrs to a few days. Id buy options in a paper airplane detail company if the price swings enough and i knew i could get out fast.
After hours
Just don't go on margin.  YOLO to your heart's content until your mid 20's.  Then if you're broke you still won't be far behind the game.

Oh, and do it in a Roth if you can.  If you win it's tax free.  If you blow up your account you can close it all out and itemize your loss.
On the internet you can be anything. 60 billion for a car company thag doesnt sell shit is not realistic.

if idiot (you)
  say nio is worth 60 billion.
Your job sucks dick quit collect unemployment and get high and just trade bro
*chef’s kiss*
They’re wrong 100% of the time. Must count for something! I just don’t see how people are allowed to manipulate the market like this 😂 I understand a lot of the pay to win part of this game. But straight up fraudulent shit it kind of absurd.
Who is playing $JD ER? Comes out Monday before the bell

JD is the new BABA
Unless Elon plays friendly, this is definitely how it’s gonna go down.
https://atlanticfirearms.com/products/mini-jack-sr762c-ak47-pistol
[deleted]
Correct
There were 11,000 comments searched. NIO was mentioned in 2,500 / 11,000. That means over 20% of comments mentioned NIO.
how dare u. i have calls
[deleted]
What time of American day are the earnings on Tuesday?
Never bet against america 🇺🇲🦅
Sir, I can’t read, I just need to know if stocks are going to go up, or down.
They need a loser to rebound with while they are looking for an actual dude?
No. Due to my job I can’t have smoked in the last 5 years, not even once.
The question is: were *they* the abuser?
Sometimes you gotta be the rebound
Poor man's covered call?
You’ve made it.
SPCE to the Moon

&#x200B;

100 28c 12/11
Have YOU read the report? There's no points in it besides:

1) Tesla lowered price on Model Y (not new information)


2) NIO stock too high IMO


3) Picture of a Tesla to fill some space


That's it. The fact that they called that shit research is laughable. I've written longer papers with more substance in 9th grade.
Why not both?
Smart man what did you buy anyway?
Makes sense.
[deleted]
Nervous for Monday. 9x12/18 50c. Chased it down and threw everything at it as it fell to 40 something. 6.90 cost. Down 5% :/
Better lose it quick!
Ive seen dogs boiled alive after having their bones broken. I’ve seen people being killed extremely slow, toes and fingers cut off one by one. Deaths by slow throat slits, lots of good good
Alibaba during the dip man.. they literally put up amazon numbers. 2/21 calls are cheap af and it’ll be Chinese New Year
NIO for short play, I dont like how Mango-Man is trying to escalate the trade war
Haha nice. They sent me some educational materials and said call back when I'm sure.
Literally my portfolio, it's working. With some managed NIO puts.
I like the option chain but god there’s so many tabs and shit to click. If TOS looked like RH I wouldn’t even care about the commission costs
Mods? What the fuck
Chicago
wish I bought more PLTR
It wasn’t Biden. It was a push from cyclicals because bond yield rates went up.
They're listed as DASH when it happens.
Oregon
Had my fair share of legal drama. Nothing compared to this though.   
**I sincerely wish you the best of luck.**
WMT has 5x more stores
Always tickles on the way up.
I'm already $12k in 4/16 calls. I don't want to expose anymore than I have. But I believe this was just a path for someone to get in prior to next week. I'm holding until the news
Why do I tend to attracts girls who just got out of a emotionally abusive relationship?
Ignorance is very american
 but the price of the contracts isnt 44.82 ?
It’s going to the right!
As a 20 year old is there any point having a savings with no bills and no car payments? I’d rather build my wealth with options and if I lose oh well
$7.18000
I have rh I pdt’d my account lol
"As America has struggled through the COVID-19 pandemic, it has been difficult to find a path toward health.

Over the last few days, that path became a little clearer. We are closer to having an authorized vaccine to treat COVID-19.

Still, the question that so many of us have is “How would I get that vaccine?”CVS Health® has entered into a contract with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). We were selected as one of the official COVID-19 Vaccination Program Providers.

The United States government will make a supply of the COVID-19 vaccine available to CVS Health when authorized and available to administer in pharmacies nationwide. We will offer it to the public through our 10,000 locations, following established vaccine prioritization guidelines.

CVS Health is already working to enable administration of the vaccine once it is available for pharmacies nationwide.

We are proud of and thankful for the efforts of our pharmacists, nurse practitioners and pharmacy technicians. They have served many communities across the U.S. and helped conduct nearly 7 million COVID-19 tests. We know they stand ready to do the same thing when COVID-19 vaccinations are available."

**BEARS ARE FUCKED**
Sell-side analysts, as they are called, are there to promote the banks merger and acquisitions business. No company is gonna go to a bank for acquisition/merger help if that bank is lowballing their stock price.
Not even having it loaded at home cause I’m scared I’ll do that lol
I voted for Trump. I’m just saying he didn’t share any big news.
My thoughts entirely. Looking long term
Lol it's still higher than it was just Thursday morning.
Lol this happened to me today i was up 2k and this morning i was down 7.8% just because of one lil article of NIO
One thousand per cent. Cent = 100
As long as it dumps at open I’m good puts to close and calls to ride
Plot twist, he gave his son 10k to invest originally.
Buy some PLTR shares and leaps you will make money.
look into the cape ratio of the market. Then look into what that indicates for future returns over the coming decade. Then recheck the logic that these companies that went parabolic for 10 years, will somehow be higher in the next 10 years.
[deleted]
yea, rh nailed the ui
NIO sub 40 nothing you can do about it, earnings crash buddy
That fuckin thing costs almost 16k??? no thanks
reserved my off white SOLO, that logo looks like a retarded ferrari pony
If you buy Chinese stonks u hate America.  Be a patriot by supporting dragnet surveillance of your fellow citizens.  PLTR $20c 5/21
youll get used to it, the option chain is already better to read as opposed to rh imo
What’s Toyota or GM market share in China? Europe? I hardly remembering seeing any Toyota or GM in China or Europe.
I can invite u to Robinhood. Free stonks!
[deleted]
[mini jack AK pistol](https://atlanticfirearms.com/products/mini-jack-sr762c-ak47-pistol)
All the time
Of course. Hence bull or Bear trap. Nio has more demand than it can deal with. Much akin to Tesla in the last couple of years. Which is what I think you were eluding to. Tesla tanked. Then went from 400 to 2k. Aligning ish with them moving manufacturing to China. Nio are already there. In a previous comment I also said about fast and loose with emissions because they back their mass manufacturing + exponential decay on kWh of renewables to go so carbon positive they reverse the effects. Chinese want to use their own products. EV has to be a ln imperative component in that narrative? Building additional factories to keep up with demand + you can't be big in China without state backing. 

Muchos kudos for a proper answer in wsb aswell.

Also over years not days. Looks daymn like a traditional bubble formation but long term the product is good and the Chinese love their own
I just don’t hold long dated options because I don’t have enough money for it to be beneficial for me to do so. Trying to grow a big enough account to switch into that kind of environment though.
12 mini
20k for a 1 seater Death Trap.
[deleted]
12 Pro
i honestly feel sick for not holding it this week and dumping it on monday for small profits and nio losses. everytime i drive by a damn starbucks, the drive thru its always 10 cars deep. but yah, im gonna sit on some starbucks. management seems like they want growth. https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/11/12/starbucks-fourth-quarter-earnings-better-growth/
Lol you don’t like making money when an opportunity arises. Got it.
I wish I had awards to give. Your a nice guy. Solid advice here...
No way NIO only had 2,500 mentions. Your counter must be broke
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/myerszombie the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Eating ass is my favorite part
Remember then big money said it was going bankrupt? LOL Retail investors know about many stocks better than big investors.
Drink
Made in America doesn't sell well. Margins are awful.
They shorted TSLA in 2016, it promptly went up $150 over the next year
Everyday
Well if it goes by the trend by friday it should be at 60 dollars Or 70
what makes you think surviving covid = mooning?

Just because they survived covid doesn't make them better positioned for a growing chunk of clothes shopping happening online

that might have happened in the past, but that was back when everything was mooning if they reported survival
He means he sounds like the daddy bear
Lmfao is this a joke?
[deleted]
If you don’t mind..keep me updated
Sums up the retardation in this sub, go crazy!
[deleted]
Damn. It’s gonna take forever to get used to TOS. This UI is awful looking. I know it’s got a lot of tools but damn. Ugly ass app.
You guys ever just get high?
Upvote for name
It’s not really a big growth stock
Sauce on da song my man?
Yeah I sold all at 12 on Monday :)
Right on good stuff , the put play worked
12 pro or 12 pro max lady and gentlemen? my 6 is getting kinda slow
It literally can’t go tits up. Trust
[removed]
*"OMG GUYS, TESLA GONNA DO PRICE CUTS IN CHINA TO HURT NIO! SELL SELL SELL!"*

Its like they don't realize China wants tesla gone and backs NIO explicitly and can banish tesla from China at a moment's notice on national security grounds just like they did so many other bigger companies.

fucking buy this dip because Xi is gonna come out swinging next year.
I’m new the WSB..you have a history with predictions?
Nice! What’d you get?
I think I'm gunna go cash gang until Biden is sworn in.. it's too unstable right now for my liking
Thank you for that breakdown, I appreciate it! We are good. I apologize for not just letting it go.
If QQQ moons I’m saved
So buy calls
u gonna lose it all, wait markets out its 2 messy rn tbh if we start tanking get puts, triple ur money
Calls*? And thanks? Lol was trying to cut through all the mayhem today 😂
What’s the deal with this post? It’s been up since 8min ago
Calls on accidental misfiring
Did you sell some? Its nowhere near 11 

Aphria is the only good cannabis company. And Altria. But it ain't mainly cannabis obviously.
Love it except would make a slight adjustment to 0:100
[removed]
6-3-1

[https://chess.org/play/b3bf0912-76d7-412e-9cf0-00932595d2a2](https://chess.org/play/b3bf0912-76d7-412e-9cf0-00932595d2a2)

you have to accept the game config in 30 seconds or im moving on
I’ll see you next week buddy. Have a great night ☺️
Thank you man, I appreciate it a lot :)
I read that as singleton. Too much coding for me for one day. 

I am a multi-millionaire in my later 20s working for Google. If I am foolish, I will take it.
TGT is 1/5 the market cap of WMT. How?
Just seems like fixing a problem that doesn't exist. It's too big to really be that convenient. It's too small to be practical. Motorcycle, bicycle, or micro ev car all seem like a better choice to me. But, I drive a fucking station wagon so what the fuck do I know?
Fed is actively working to prevent another Great Depression
it could.  time will tell.
[deleted]
Not asking for much, I just need a 10% drop please
Yea, check my comments. Last comment made about nio was “This has moved out of its trading channel. Expect some red.”

I’m saying that i’ve watched companies like citron, sabby, Hindenburg, etc... and it’s always the same shit. People are talking about buying calls and i’m not selling! This stock price is going down and if citron didn’t have any credibility we wouldn’t have had this drop. Lots of red ahead.
I wonder how many people rope here per day. Just thinking
Did you buy a put?
Can’t go tits up
So since you bought a put it should continue to fall. Got it. Good call
I don’t touch Chinese stocks cause I’m an 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Michigan is getting ready to again
they dump and then they rise. NIO back to 50 baby
I made good money. I sold way before the major selloff. I got me a cheap call at close as a YOLO for earnings but won't trip if we continue down. I will just load up on shares if we do.
👏🏻👏🏻🥲
[deleted]
Most of those people are farmers or too poor to afford a car.
[deleted]
I put 4.8k into nio on the 11th and today that bald headed bitch andrew left fucked my gains 😤😤😤😤😤
1000%, you can cheat and call a 900% a 10 bagger as well.  Or if the option was $1.06 and becomes $10, that’s a 10 bagger

I didn’t make 10x my money, I turned my 1 into 10x what it was
Unless all these banks retract their price targets on NIO, no way it isn’t still going up. Unless they get OFFICIALLY accused of accounting fraud and not by some randos online.
$6000 to invest, going all in NIO and PLTR 60:40. Thoughts?
they profit on the shorts and probably buy the dip. total dick move but smart business wise [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-stock-falls-short-seller-165144053.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-stock-falls-short-seller-165144053.html)
1000%
[deleted]
So you bought NIO calls today at the top?
We’re on the BRINK of a moon mission!
You’re trolling
This could literally be about Tesla any time in the past.

Dude Tesla is almost $400B valuation. Just buy your Tesla puts.

Buy your Ford, gm, whatever calls. 

These dudes post these idiotic "dds" then brag about the one put they got that profited when the stock is up 500%+ and is not going to stop.

All those people who made money off Tesla puts? So fucking what? The easy money is riding the wave up. Not hoping to catch each dip because you magically think Ford or gms declining valuations dictate the future growth of other companies. 

Put some fucking positions up. I hate you guys so fucking much.
Turning 1 dollar to a 1000.
My strong bias approve of this message
There are a billion people in China.  Half the US won't even look at a car made by Ford or GM anymore.
Who’s shutting down? Location? I’m out in Los Angeles and there’s no shut down
So like she’s got butt rosacea and is used to a red butt? Ok got it
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Only think in my life that goes green but even then I diamond hand them to mush

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtrpvf
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtrpvf) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Thats_absrd, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
EquivalentSelection
YoloTraderXXX
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
1000%
20k for a 1 seater? No thanks. Looks like something DEVO would drive.
[removed]
My JD is doing fine
Drop because lockdowns and short seller gonna report.
(Sources) Musk is beside himself. Driving around downtown China begging (thru texts) LI’s family for address to NIO’s home
Is there a Chinese SOLO? I'd go all in
6-3-1

GG

[https://chess.org/play/482327d4-778e-410c-81e1-f4faf55fcd14](https://chess.org/play/482327d4-778e-410c-81e1-f4faf55fcd14)
They lurk here to get insights
Well, Cuomo is awesome. He really squashed a disaster here in NY. I would let the people most effected by his decisions judge him and ignore the neck reds.
Go gators 🐊🧡💙
honestly not a bad move. probably will perform better than an index fund with covid lockdowns coming back and people flocking to the walmart to stock up before theyre in their houses all winter. revenue will be way up and the stock will keep climbing. also not a bad idea to toss it in a vaccine company. honestly just pick one, theyre all gonna go way up once all the companies vaccines are getting approved and distributed. its gonna happen eventually and a bunch of companies are gonna have vaccines on the market. pretty failsafe.
lockdown is more serious. Limitation sound childish. Freeze sounds like credit. Temporary restriction sound lame.
You guys know you aren’t even trading against people, just random computer programs that take your trade and then move the market against you. That’s why when you sell your option rather call or put it instantly becomes profitable!
Lol. Remember when Tesla went from $48 to $30 back in 2016? Omfg. $38% drop!
Jonny Tsunami predicts a tsunami of green on Monday
Fuck out of here with your bullshit first post ass bot wannabe pumping ass.
Lol. I have a feeling market going to be flat now
How those calls looking for ya
I think it takes about a week? That’s what Fauci hinted at. I can’t find if Pfizer made an announcement when they hit their enrollment, but on their earnings calls in late October they hadn’t hit it yet, and then November 9th they announced it so that sounds about right
What counts as a 10 bagger? Is it 1000% or 10k?
They're activist shortsellers.
That’s rough. Erased almost all my gains with that rally but I’m still green.....for now.
These shutdowns can’t be good for the economy. Anyone think Great Depression is gonna happen again? Food lines, massive government programs to employ people, or possibly a war?
It did bad my friend. Some bald headed leprechaun tries short selling NIO and the young traders sold like idiots.
Bought a gun and caught the bug 

Now I have like 5 more I wanna get 

Puts on my wallet
Dip down? Or up? What supports your logic
RVLV was meh earnings except for their higher end Forward brand.

FTCH, which is just high end, had great earnings.

See a pattern?
He ate a chinese bat which made him insane and he went all in on AOL stock.
When DoorDash ipos the initials dd are going to get confusing.
it isn't over until the electoral college meets on dec 14
NIO has a $40 price floor.
Election news just caused all EVs to rise up, then earlier this week analysts upgraded their price points for PLUG anywhere from $25-$30 so it jumped even more.
Can u explain your trade please, ive got some calls but i dont see how it goes from 180 to that high :( please enlighten me a bit a bit if can.
TRIL OCUL TARA AXSM are my big holdings. 

Mid size holding in VBIV (got at 2.3 yesterday). 

Loose change position in VSTM
Almost the same.
Thank you!
I feel like you’re being sarcastic about LOGI and znga. I made big bucks on LOGI calls and own commons in znga. Doubt you recognize my name with over a million people on this sub but i’d say you went through my comments 👌 WORK 12/18 30c.   You’re welcome
Chinese EVs are worth more than Ford, GM, and Chrysler now. Lmao
I guess.
Mark my words youre going to gain/ lose when the market falls\raises for a fact,...maybe. Congats/ Sorry
I do but everything happened outside. Have cameras pointed at the door and seriously the shit happened 3 feet out of the cameras view. Just my god damn luck but I’d rather take one for the team than let this woman get one god damn peso from me.
Ill make the call monday. If theres a nice spike I may just sell. 

Leaving money on the table is a hell of a lot better than watching an option go down and stay down.
Well done and do it again...
"re-imagine thanksgiving"
?
Nio Musk. So hot rn
It is for small city driving. This will be popular in SF, Vancour, and other crowded places around the world Wait til it hit $20 a share and still laugh.
profit & exit. rinse & repeat.
chinese stuff
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Miranda Lambert - Somethin&#](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4Yzj-m_SBk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4Yzj-m_SBk)⠀►►⠀ 1:55 / 2:53 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Looks like it’s 2/3 of a car, they just hacked it off and threw a wheel in there
No. Just tell them to buy Ford.

Stop fucking making cases for tesla and nio.  If people don't want to learn, don't fucking teach them.
That’s exactly what I did
I'm also rolling one at 275. Sold another at 250 but surely it's gotta come back right?? The only thing causing me doubt us that they were pumping it pretty hard on cnbc after the ant IPO fiasco. And I never trust those fucks. Lol
Are you some kind of simpleton? Honestly?
Alexa play Somethin' Else by the Stray Cats
I would abso-fucking-lutely invest in a WSB SPAC
I’m TGT gang
Yep ima need it to
Moon
I hope it goes up on monday tho im only down 7.8% so i can hold on for a bit
ROLLED US BAG HOLDERS OVER IN BED AND FUCKED US IN THE ASS WHILE WE WERE STILL ASLEEP. but forreal nio went down and many of us lost all our gains we made on it the last week and more. shitty day for many, glorious day for the smart ones who sold at open and got their cash.
Fooking [bubbles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRe9M1lF4Hs) are everywhere.
Yes, this is the new POS stock that'll probably end up with a market cap bigger than major automakers soon because of the gigantic EV bubble.  As if that POS will actually sell any meaningful numbers.  It'd be like Happy Gilmore - if I got caught in one of those I'd have to kick my own ass. People love buying dog shit.
Even the Iron Shiek knows Andrew Left is a Jabroni https://twitter.com/the_ironsheik/status/1327318710160404486?s=21
im about to go all in Monday on some 23 11/27 calls
That was the plan when I bought it so yeah, it appreciating this quick was a nice surprise
Think New York Monday. IL governor talking of a shutdown since it's getting bad here.
You’re smoking some strong stuff
You realize there’s billions of chinamen in China right? Space is tough to come by
That’s why I went with 12/18, if you lose a couple days due to red market, you’ll never catch up on theta burn
China killing Elon AND his stock. Cold as ice.
For all you NIO naysayers about NIO 5k a month car production and compare it to the legacy US automaker market caps.

Stocks are about future potential not current. Ford and GM are boomer stocks. Companies that can't innovate and grow. Hell, they need government loans to keep themselves aflot. If it were for free market reign they would no longer exist! People said crap about TSLA too but you naysayers are believers now right? Note TSLA made 6352 vehicles a month in 2016 and had a market cap of \~40 billion at the year end. Making 5k cars a month and greatly improving that month over month and in an bubble economy, 60 billion is not overpriced.
Got in at 51. It's ok, my suga momma will lend me monies to average down.
Get rich or die trying
TFW I'm "bagholding" only 150% gains instead of 200% 😭
Same brutha! I saved the bulls buy buying 1 put at the bottom. Lol nio blasted back 10% from where I got
[deleted]
Going to do some calendar spreads. If we get to $165 next week on shutdown fears, I'll write some 12/18 $150p's for $1.80. 

That's a pretty nice premium, given that I paid $4.10 for my 3/19's.
Wow Citron are short sellers? So basically crash the stock, profit, buy the dip and profit more. Fucked up but smart. [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-stock-falls-short-seller-165144053.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-stock-falls-short-seller-165144053.html)
you sure? i like to buy at the top, then sweat for months before I break even and sell, missing the gains days after.
Tree fiddy a week?

Well, I guess you gotta start somewhere...
I keep forgetting if I'm on stock, wsb, or options sub reddits and what people are trading hahah don't worry, we are all retards. Thats why we are here
Why i buy 2.
Papa Elon got the Corona.

Puts and Prayers.
Nice
Doubtful.. and remember you’re retarded, not special.
Lmao . I suck ass im jp
I don’t have anything against futures just your peddling of them
Wish I played this
[deleted]
I do like them. I bought 200 worth of calls yesterday that surprisingly doubled in value today but it was more to add to my 5g portfolio. I like qc0m and er!c far more. Im hoping my 150C qc0m jan calls will be in the money so I can excercise 1 or 2 of them.

The ver!zon spending upwards of 15bn dec 8 on c band has very telling implications. Er!c declined to adjust/give a bullish 2021 outlook because these contracts don't exist yet but they will. Both the current and incumbent administrations are very focused on developing 5G infrastructure. We only have 55k 5g base stations ( i think china has 10x that and we need probably 30x that) so do the math there. I have been limited by past failures but I turned 500 from qc0m into 8k the last 3 months, that wasn't a lucky one time play either, more like buying on doubt. 

Skyw0rks and american t0wer will also benefit heavily from this. I rolled all my qc0m q3 ER beat proceeds from 2020 calls into spring calls and opened a position in TMob!le, as well as the aforementioned.

If the USA govt spends a trillion over the next few years in further building up 5G, these are the benefactors. Throw in enterprise spending, er!c wins (vaccine coupled by c!sco outlook was huge for er!c IMO). Throw in automotive 5G investment, qc0m gets a boost. Maybe the consumer level supercycle mobile is baked into qc0m to some degree, but thats just the tip and the margins they have × royalties is pure money. They spent ten years and tens of billions on R&D for this moment and now own the patents and won protection from the courts. If I didn't already buy dozens of leaps on er!c I would again. Patience is key.

Furthermore, when institutions start putting money back into equities (on a much larger scale), I think 5G will be immediate to intermediate benefactors as it's a supertrend and very safe, promising and lucrative.
Damn haha taking profits would’ve been nice to save yourself the headache but i feel like there’s def some upside left in them. Diamond hand those mugs.
Hell I bought calls for Monday, 366-367 because of the trash I saw today. I figured why the fuck not this market is fucked anyway we pump on zero volume I wouldn’t be SUPRISED we open at 370
This is based on physics: when the first bubble pops, energy from the burst cannot be destroyed so it must be transferred. Where does it go? To the second bubble giving it a little boost. Conclusion: Stonks only go up!
You're on wsb I'm pretty sure a lot of us got to see cena
diamond handing till 2022. dedication.
Do you know why it was going downhill from Oct 13th - Oct 28th? Was it correlated with the market or something else? If something else why'd it spike after?
Right? Go read a few reviews of the cars. Also, I know the name is Solo, but Im'a need at least two seats. It has less passenger room than a motorcycle...
Sure feels like it
Kangaroo bc I have puts and calls
Lol I’ve never done 0dte wedge trading. Pm me if you want to short LTRPB at the same time.
First come first serve
buy them right before they go up, not down
Just had to one up me, didn’tcha
Calls on Altria.  You’ll be back
We have pretty similar thoughts. I think $50 by EOY is reasonable. EV is very important to China. They are not going to let Tesla alone dominate the Chinese market. And there's plenty of money to be made by both NIO and Tesla here.
Idk
I do this but I’m up 3% all time... fuck TA
Play me, I’ve never played on chess org
11/27 22.50
Na man, Monday's always dip up from open to about 11am. But the real big upwards dip is the first 30 minutes after open
I wish
Lol no still holding. Second time I bought in, but I am new to the game, at least self managed
I don’t think i normalized it when I only think nio specifically will hit exponential growth for the next 5-10 years
Jack ma has been retired from baba for over a year.  I don't get why people still forget this.  

Weeklies?  Who the hell knows how the stock will react due to political risk in the short term. Longer dated options are way better picks.
had 640 shares today and sold at 21.68 I'm a piece of a shit
Nice work. 49 days off the booze but haven’t been able to kick the nicotine.
they'll hit $20 next week
Is news from FSR on 11/15 bullish?
What’s your logic behind Tuesday
HE DOES ;)
Hurr durr lol
Presumably they’re desperate for the cash at this point
Literally 0% chance NIO doesn’t bounce on Monday morning. 

Source: held my puts
[deleted]
Source or GTFO.

&#x200B;

EDIT: NVM. Quick Google search. Only a "partial" lockdown, whatever that means.
I commend you and encourage you to stay on the straight path of your journey. you only have one body and taking care of it is more valuable that all the money in the world. youre awesome for making the change and if you have the will in you to stop something as tough as smoking, you easily have the will in you to kick some ass in this market and make some generational wealth! good luck in the market and congratulations on quitting smoking. good things coming in your future!
LMAO no because I'm profitable every year but that is a funny comment.
SOLO covered calls? Premiums crazy
There is no bubble. In fact it is the opposite: There is a dessert. 

The hypervalations are actually offset unlike in bubbles by a lack of capital in other places. In other words these valuations are just super concentrated due to nowhere else you actually put the money.

WSB Version: With Fixed Income blown to hell all the other markets are absorbing asinine amounts of cash but there's nowhere to put it in the smaller markets either.
Can’t find anything that says exact date
Bought Tesla, NIO, INO, calls 
And a single spy put 
At close.
Feeling extremely confident, so probably going to lose it all. @wallstreetbetsbiggesttards.
hey asshole! i sold nio and bought baba
I listen to the full song everytime this meme template gets used.
Youre applying a lot of good logic to a potential outcome. It’s a risky play no doubt, but most of us here are into the risk. We aren’t here to make 5 - 10%, we’re here to make 1000%. And some have. Your risk aversion is probably a safe disposition, but gods aren’t made in safe spaces.
WSB should make a SPAC to teach autists options
Don't tell you me are a stupid retail investor who sold stock for a loss?
Why??
I only put in $60, but does this count?

0 DTE $44p expired today, bought yesterday

[https://imgur.com/a/zM1Clsz](https://imgur.com/a/zM1Clsz)

Literally made basically nothing, but it was the last $60 in my TDA account and i figured i was gonna yolo it so my balance would be $0   
I think the high forr it was $300 today but ofc i didnt' sell the top
27ish. got them for 2.50 each and topped out at 22.03 today
Should run up too pre earnings I think.
Not healthy at all for my portfolio 😔😔 my portfolio has the case of the red downs 🙏leta prsy for my portfolio. Im down 7.8% bro just cuz of andrew left and his stupid ass
Theta/time
He puts both his hands on your shoulders during the exam?
Lol. Try again
[removed]
True but I would have just let it ride at 0DTE
Anyone have some insight on PDS
My new rap name is Ruth Masturbader Ginsburg
sheesh thanks for the encouragement i'll grow a pair now!
Lol. Still liking this crap?!
[deleted]
what’s the risk of shorter dured trades?
Good enough to whoop you little boy
Funniest thing I’ve seen today
I'm right there with you man. Bought at 20 and then stop loss hit at 42 as I wanted to preserve my 100%+ gains. Trying to celebrate the gains instead of thinking of the money that I probably left on the table
I know. I saw $CCL up 7% today and immediately bought in. If it goes higher on Monday, I’ll load some more. Once Biden is announced they’ll all go down back to $12-14 level.
Yeah it is one of the only stocks that dipped virtually not at all with covid and consistently just goes up.
So you're holding through ER? I'm bullish because of W+ but feel like if it even slightly misses expectations on it it's crashing hard.
ARK just entered 15 million position in pltr. [https://ark-funds.com/wp-content/fundsiteliterature/holdings/ARK\_NEXT\_GENERATION\_INTERNET\_ETF\_ARKW\_HOLDINGS.pdf](https://ark-funds.com/wp-content/fundsiteliterature/holdings/ARK_NEXT_GENERATION_INTERNET_ETF_ARKW_HOLDINGS.pdf)
pretty sure we are going to 360p this week tsla
I know margins for government are terrible. Government contracts profit are made up with man hours (why they have timecards and alot of "overtime") and restricted markups. 

Commercial sales will bring out more competitors too. Alot of big dogs with more capital and more talent - granted they may not want to work on big brother type technology.
I remember hitting ATH, pre-market September 3rd...
jesus man,  can I bang your wife?
Sorry I did not mean to sound hostile. I do see CVS benefiting from not only Covid but they are a go to for Flu shots. Also they just started a transition to a new CEO who is in charge of Aetna (the company CVS merged with) The thought is the outgoing CEO did not handle the merger well and this will be an additional catalyst for them. Sorry for the snark again
I thinking of a dump on Monday. The White House release was strategic for a pump because there’s no vaccine news next week....
I clicked on the link for the SOLO website and legit burst out laughing.  This shit can’t be real.

https://electrameccanica.com/product/solo-reservation/
anyone else have google play and now have to access your music on 'youtube music'? fucking bullshit
It says 100? On top of the pl
They are doing that shit with a damn video game engine!
no alexa that’s a bad alexa
🇨🇳
Do you really think one day is all there is to trading?

Please, just lurk instead.
And the reads are? Don't leave us in suspense Mr. Dirdy Poosey.
I held 3 NIO 42c from 0.31 to 3.60 today.

My first 10 bagger
Why not 30x?
If you need a proctologist, /u/GatorMD12 is your man. He’s got a PhD
That is insane. I married into wealth but I’m talking make 500k a year wealth which isn’t really wealth at all?
Jesus they got crushed; we've been using them @ work for years for MFA.  Their RSI is at **17** after good earnings (down-graded but still under-target) and whatever acquisition they made 11/2.  It'd be challenging to think the bottom is that much farther out -- keep an eye on it for a quick jump?
idk like 800-1000
I don’t wanna brag, but I am the founder of r/ButtHoleTicklers
i pray to the lord the bears are fked
yea, fact that it hasnt rejected yet means its trying to break and make a new faster up trend, lets see, or this its the tp
Cus he has das covid.
Thanks for the follow up, hope you're right man.
This is the way.
Yes sir great move .
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Joyner Lucas & Chris Brown -](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzHJ2aZR6e4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzHJ2aZR6e4)⠀►►⠀ 3:05 / 4:38 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
Motion to ban this guy if he’s wrong
Well a couple of leaps won't hurt.
I have a strict rule. Never invest in big pharma. There are so many of them and they can flop in a heart beat . i stay with banks, tech companies and mechant visa/mastercard type processing companies
He was banned :( this is his new account
Bubble bubble cancels out. Because each bubble is within the everything bubble, things can only go up. 

Think of it like two wrongs don't make a right, only in this case they do. 

Boomers have been dribbling about stocks bubbles for years and we keep getting hooker and cocaine level gains each year.
I don't buy  clownass options (neither puts or calls) on dumb shit like Nio, Li, etc. that have 150-250 IVs unlike you degenerates do.   The options markets for  meme stocks is radioactive waste.
NVDA gonna bring it next week? Hopefully helps AMD, cause AMD been languishing for me.
okay Daniel Tosh
Yeah but no. I bought nio when it IPO’d and then decided to cut my losses when it took a dump for two years. Had I not done that, I would be sitting on a 627% return on stocks alone.
that was doooope.. loved learning how they film and design the sets / shots
SPCE giveth me them tendies
You can’t call it bagholding when we’re back to levels from 48 hrs ago. Jfc.
alexa play i don’t care by apocalyptica
https://i.imgur.com/EzREjLm.png

Or do you want more?

ACB calls last Friday.  
SPY calls this Monday.  
SPY puts yesterday.  
RVLV puts yesterday.  
SPY calls today.
Who doesn’t like a good Butthole tickle though
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Proof Branson is in the Illuminati

**URL:** https://redd.it/jttwez
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jttwez) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Funguyguy, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Funguyguy
OverpricedBagel
MadejustforWSB
5-3-1

GG

[https://chess.org/play/56b86f5b-58fb-4700-9108-209043a75d63](https://chess.org/play/56b86f5b-58fb-4700-9108-209043a75d63)
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Look fucktard. I know you work at my brokerage. I just need you to add a few 0's to my account and I will quit calling you!
r/dontputyourdickinthat
Serious or exaggerating?
Holding at my $23 buy in price a few weeks ago with the thought they would be at 50 dollars EOY or mid next year, so all this movement exceeded my expectations  and albeit to enticing to sell on my very green stock assessment, I am still in the green. This movement shows shakey hands looking for short term gains. Kind of wished I pulled my initial investment at 53.00, allow the free money to prosper and reinvest the profits back into NIO.
What day and time did you buy these? Seems like spy has been below $363 all week and never even made it to $363.. I’m confused. Just trying to make sense ofthis....

EDIT:  realizes you’re said 11/9 not 11/13 I see

But still what day did you buy? Want to see how nutty the bet was
You needed to inverse one more time.
memento mori
I'm gonna need a bigger plunger.
Well no that’s inaccurate. You just compile for a different architecture. Cross platform compilation is quite simple these days.  Many games engines natively support it (unreal, unity).  Games aren’t made for Linux because there’s no money to be made.
For sure I am buying right around 30 so any run up I will just take profits and maybe let some ride for the manned flight.
What was it trading at when you got em tho
Had a boatload of shares of NIO and XPEV. Just sold them. I paperhanded my NIO 45c Wednesday for a loss that would’ve made me an extra couple grand yesterday. So pissed. Every great play I’ve made on calls, I’ve bought at the top then paperhanded to minimize losses and they only come back with some retard strength to what would have been a 10 bagger. Did it with ACB last week, NIO and XPEL (not XPEV) this week.

I bought LI at the top today. Those calls are fucked. All of em. Dipped 3 times on them.
#profit &go
No one wants to call it a lockdown anymore. 

They are calling it a "pause", "freeze", "limitation", "temporary restrictions" or other names so that the market doesn't get scared.
Im carrying March 150 calls. This could be the one that puts me over the top.
[deleted]
NIO was in the mid 20s. Morgan Stanley Analyst said it can go to 40. NIO rallied hard to lower 30s, took a breather then analyst said 46, then rallied up until now.  Morgan Stanley is conservative with EV Price targets.  This short seller is a guy known to be wrong with stocks. He shorted TSLA, PTON, ZM, SHOP, and more. He was also long Luckin. See a trend? Him shorting this means it is worth its weight in gold and will moon!
Uh, so what's your next move?
What’s ur rating
Moderna is just teasing us.  They announced on Wednesday they had enough cases to send to the independent review board.  What's taking so long?  You look at the cases and see if they had the placebo or the vaccine, easy peasy.
MRNA is planned to come out with vaccine data on Tuesday.
gonna drink myself this weekend. gn.
Don’t act like it won’t be 100 someday. You can just look at volume and price action without any fundamentals and realize it’s going to go crazy every time it says anything remotely positive. They have complete control of their own share price at this point. All they have to do is ask for money and it will come. Tesla had the same power.
Gayness
Beautiful
I was going to downvote until I saw your NIO gang insignia. One of us.
Well that was embarrassing 🤣🤣
Too many words. Ban
Damn, things happened today
You can turn 1k into 10k with this type of market every week tbh. I really think when you hold overnight that’s when you leave your ass exposed, futures are how MMs fucking rape retail every time. For instance today, was there a reason to be so green? Was there any good news? Nah logic dictates we should go down, any sane person would think so. So MMs squeezed the fuck out of every short. But if you could have for instance got into spy even when it was .8% up and held for an hour with some call you could have easily made 300-400 on 1k bet and just got out. Hell if you held till EOD you coulda probably made 100% and got out
elon musk spotted
DKNG gonna run next week dumbos.
no one here gives a fuck about the stimmy anymore. we made our stimmy this week in green stocks and theres more to make next week.
I bought NIO puts yesterday and was called a tard. Lol. I doubled down today
fuck I think I fucked up buying BABA weeklies, I chose it bc it was the only thing down. BABA gang how we feeling for Monday? Ma has to pull something over the weekend to save his stock right?
A lot of it is old money. Families that were “pioneers” of the United States. Other families are successful founders of companies. For instance, (not a client so I can speak about them) the Waltons. Sam Walton wanted to create a supermarket that had a high inventory/low price method. Meaning instead of selling 10 items as a higher price, they sold 100 items for much less making profit. This became immensely successful and the fledgling company known as Walmart was born. 

Fast forward to Mr. Walton passing. His children each inherited roughly 20 billion dollars apiece. 

If money is managed properly, this 20 billion each child had received will trickle down for generations causing the entire Walton line to be in the upper echelon for generations to come.
Why doesn’t Elon respond to my tweets about making a gamma squeeze again
Chad TSLA vs Virgin NIO
Dancing in the middle of Chinatown?
[deleted]
So Monday. I am predicting QQQ to moon. Spy to tank and nio to hit 50s. 

Seems about right lol
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/prestoisthebesto the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
See you at top posts, upvote me if I’m retarded
Lost 8k on it after buying at 2.60 next day they drop an offering and i end up selling at 1.60
Lmao 4-3-1 nigga u trash
you bought 1000 contracts?
Had me in the first half.
lol
Hey, you were nice too
Fuck it.
Get familiar with python, shell (linux), powershell (windows), and basics of what functional testing, end to end testing, smoke testing, and general QA processes (for the QA person when doing your job) and you could be a shoe in. Its in between dev jobs and like customer support, so it tends to fall in between skill sets as those who know programming really well go for dev or software engineering roles and those with none but wanna work for a tech company go for customer support (I'm the former and my brother is the latter lol)
They could easily be at $20 within a few years, which is like 30% gains so better than expected!

Edit, didn’t see they listed at $10, I see them at $16.50 within 5 years.
It's called a Short and Distort.
You should trade options!
Well yeah dude I would agree under normal circumstances... and covid made it extra bad.
sounds a bit sexist when you put it like that
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hopped in this morning. Lost $5 and said fuck this shit. Boomer plays
It's a FinTwit parody account
I just farted a bubble out my pussy reading this
Well just last week i made a cool 1k and this week in about 24hours i made another 1k but then Andrew left cane in like a blue falcom and swiped about  3k from my portfolio.
Lets just hope NIO rebounds 😤😔😔
I just realllllllly believe in Palantir. It goes back years when I started as a technical recruiter at an agency. The way these badass 0.1% cream of the crop engineers spoke about the company and wanting to work for them left and impression on me. I got into Okta early and made a lot of money via the same route, I knew Okta was a great company based off the hiring bar they had engineering and sales team wise. 

I just don’t see any conceivable way that this company loses me money one year from now. They might not meet my expectations which are quite lofty but there’s no way this is gonna drop below 10/per share ya know?

But yes I’m very exciting about backpacking. I’ve never done anything like this in my life before so I’m scared and excited all at once.
25k
Who wears yoga pants during a pandemic.
You invested all your money into Chinese stock calls* there’s a difference
True back to 1000 Monday
So you've not experienced a lot of pain at all if trading is this painful rofl....

This sounds pathetic.

Fucking trading under your dad too, you just going to go live with mom and dad if you ever fuck your account.

Grow some fucking balls
TSLA has been around for a relatively long time, when they first started “EV is the future” wasn’t really the narrative for most people except early investors. Also PLTR isn’t just a “big data” company. They are willing to do the nitty gritty other data companies wont; hence their controversy but they also do their job well. They are heavily supported by government contracts so thats a cash cow right there. Their increase in the private sector, I think something like a 33% increase YoY. Talks about a Covid tracing program with the UK government. But data harvesting will only get bigger as internet off things is more prevalent in our lives.
Wait if you buy one call you can sell 2 calls? I thought it had to be 1:1 ratio
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rDbWz63wiQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rDbWz63wiQ)

Pelosi needs to be working on that stimmy but here she is...
They’re friends because they ride the same short bus
Yeah surprised myself thinking that...the amount of anguish I experience tho trying to outpace the market and avoid catastrophe is really just not worth it. So much better to focus on life and enjoy yourself while taking the easy money
hell yeah bro, ARKG is one of my favorite holdings
The price of aerosol paint is too damn high!
I think it could pass 50 again on Tuesday before correcting after earnings. But I definitely think with China’s population and investment it’s a long term value stock
You crazy bastard you. I’ve been thinking about buying options but only bought stocks. Prob fucked up
Hoooollllly fuck! You show me a Schwab statement with $480k, I quit my job and I work for you.
Instructions not clear. Dick stuck in bubble.
No way I’m reading this whole thing
Lol yep we all have those days... fucking spy butt blasting my puts. Prob r3d monday since I sold lol
[deleted]
Pulled it back like foreskin
[deleted]
Tickles Buttholes
^Oh ^wow  📋🧐   

^This ^is ^**meaningless**   🔥📋🔥👋🏻😀
Yes
Good job!
Can you briefly explain this?
deends on how long you playing for. if you playing for life, s&p 500 all day long and dont touch it. if you wanna have fun, id go all in on zoom and hold till it pops. new locksdowns coming in every state and probably federally nationwide with biden coming into office. stay at home stocks are gonna blow up again. i bet zoom gonna easily break 500 before 2021 and will be in 600-700 territory deep in the winter around january/feb when everyone is stuck inside due to snow or lockdowns. lots of snow this year will keep people indoors a lot more than usual. its a la nina year
Imagine having to work until you die because you wanted to go out on top with a woman president.  Womp womp.
[deleted]
Monday should be interesting, went all in on SOLO...
Did you buy puts?
No u
got 6 35s
No cameras in a bar? That’s kind of on you.
Bruh... sold my options at 10am today and bought back in at 230pm... we sittin good for those 2023 long calls
He's got good points but ban nonetheless
Now do the opposite of what logic suggests
Today is 2 months without nicotine! This fucking market made the journey harder than it had to be lol
stock up 30 or your calls up 30
About as legit DD as the Citeon report. But I guess at least Andrew Left knows what market cap means lmao
Thank you. Been in the game for 25 years and completely agree, something always works out. I'm working my network already. It's good to know people.
Only ARKG, Gattaca wasn’t a movie it was a documentary from the future
Nothing is priced in.
(GM)E
I think we've just been scratching the surface of the Big Data Gold Mine, and PLTR is here to sell everyone the best god damn drill on the market.


In ER they mentioned an Oil company realizing a billion in savings within weeks.  I think you'll see small/mid cap across all sectors use the service initially, and by the end of Q1 I expect it will be a required expense by all the big boys
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Is there any women on this sub?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtttxq
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtttxq) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/frenchmate122, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
frenchmate122
Daurs
dopeusernameman
MadejustforWSB
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
How quickly we forget.

On the topic of big banks doing shady shit - Deutsche bank

https://www.nytimes.com/1998/08/01/world/biggest-german-bank-admits-and-regrets-dealing-in-nazi-gold.html

>	The report said Deutsche Bank channeled gold transactions with the Reichsbank through branches in occupied Austria and Turkey, then a self-avowed neutral power. Of purchases totaling 4,446 kilograms of gold, the report concluded, 744 kilograms were dental gold taken from Jews' teeth, wedding bands and personal jewelry amassed in Berlin by an SS officer
Don’t go short against the fed please.
I have my guesses, maybe like $40-46? But my goal is to hold this stock long term because I think China is super serious about their EV market.
lol i know the feeling. Started last month and instantly down 30% (didn't know jack shit and bought APHA and GME at their highs, APHA down 20% after ER) but I've been slowly learning and made it all back this week with some more (up 4% overall) so yeah hang in there. Just keep learning and you'll make them back as you get better (unless you don't). I save posts like the one below to motivate myself

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jpm35x/my\_2\_year\_wsb\_anniversary\_102\_all\_time\_gainz/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jpm35x/my_2_year_wsb_anniversary_102_all_time_gainz/)
What strikes?
Lol!
FUCK
Sounds like he has a few extra chromosomes
UNUS ANNUS UNUS ANNUS
In all seriousness, I’ve got a purple and I love it.
Good one
I feel personally attacked (but I did TSLA puts)
I agree, and will INVERSE TOO
Keep seeing this stock mentioned and ive actually seen people drinking these. They taste like shit tbh
Is fear a product?
Dump - no good vaccine data
Pump - good vaccine data
I understood what u mean
Lululemon abc pants. ABC is anti ball crushing and he has massive balls!! I know cause my wife forces me to watch.
Same with Microsoft (Windows 10) and Android: 📈📉
Don’t forget the rubber sheets and the gerbils
her name was rbg because she could see the whole color spectrum visible to humans, now she can see the whole thing, or maybe she sees nothing, who know what happens when we die
Hopefully this BABA leap prints.
Is there a place see this?   When ever i see puts volume, i cant tell if it is a straight put or just one leg of a weird one legged chicken straddle option strategy.
Can't you crop properly? god damn autist
There are very few things money can’t fix
Fuck your puts
Nah, still ugly
Iraq Dinars obviously...
Mods
BAN

get this crap out of here wtf
my friend pronounces SPY like “spee”. Safe to abandon this friend?
Gay
Not supposed to say that on here but want to post this all the time.  Considerably older than late 20s and even I am like yeah park it SPY add to it every two weeks and ignore it.
WMT gang we holding through ER? It might not dip like the past ER's due to Walmart +.
hoping for an earnings smash i’m hanging on to jan calls for dear life
Best of luck
[deleted]
Thinking about my flair, wdy think?

1. Sir Breadfruit, The Unicorn Hunter 

2. Fucks Unicorns

3. 🦄

4. Unicorn God
Does anyone know what the fuck ‘Sponsored Ads’ on tickers is all about
What’s good Elon?
They're transitioning to more commercial sales. The margin on govt. contracts are terrible
I hit ATH yesterday. Today, I’m lower than I’ve been in 5 months... 🤦🏼‍♂️
REDDIT IS AMERICA

FIGHT ME
Have you never heard of bullish pullback???? Stay strong bag holders. To the moon we go
We just need to break the resistance and the cup and handle pattern will get us there
What’s up with the biopharmas? Was today the calm before the big Monday pump?
What did that man, who bought Netflix at $7.78, have to say that was so fucking special?
I talked to the CPO of VXX. They have a new product release on Monday that will cause VXX to moon.
My wife asked me what happened to 30k account balance deficit in two screenshots I showed her a week apart.  She was not amused at my carefree "that's nothing".
Go back to work
[deleted]
Oh yes okay good. Thank you
Screenshots or shut the fuck up
Healthy pullback for NIO today. Smart move is buying the dip
Agreed
Was this sent from Internet Explorer a month ago?
Was it wuhan dog festival shit or backyard sadists
Lets think this out...what could cause the market to dump on Monday or what could cause the market to pump on Monday?
!remindme1day
Banged a chick on one of those once. Would bang on that bed again. The chick.... Maybe.
You know what, I’m done arguing. I’m pointing out a Fibonacci triangle forming and everyone is saltier than the Dead Sea. I’ll come back next week, if I’m wrong I’m wrong. But if I’m right, don’t say I didn’t tell you so. I hope you make some money brother 👍
Probably bought it when it was a 3G stock
Winner winner!
Great movie! That scene used to scare me as a little kid. Anyway don’t worry about Beta Billionaire Bezos. Amazon will gap up.
BABA
Risk is why we’re here 😎
My ACB 3/21 $10 calls that I purchased for .08 were sold for 2.50
11/20 and i sold like an idiot
it does when you touch yourself
Got the same on robinhood. When I got one wrong it was kind enough to ask, 


Are you sure?


Yes


Are you REALLY SURE?


Uhh.... No?


Congratulations, option trading has been enabled.
You know what strikes these whales are aiming for?
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-16 14:31:02 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-16%2014:31:02%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtrdei/jd_earnings_all_in/gc7tw75/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtrdei%2Fjd_earnings_all_in%2Fgc7tw75%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-16%2014%3A31%3A02%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtrdei)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
r/investing
I’ve seen worse
People here buy expensive lotto tickets and don't know when to cut their losses nor when to take profits. Sometimes it pays off but more often then not it doesn't. With just 1k it is not unreasonable to rake in $100/day if you know how to make the right plays.
[deleted]
yep, this. not as dramatic, but i was down 20 something percent last week and got it all back and more this week, hoping for good things next week. looks like stay at home stocks are gonna be the tendie trains.
How long until their IPO
I’m not selling NIO

Bought at $13, which I already paid off with CCs.

today was a speed bump.

I’ll sell at $100
[deleted]
Me too RemindMe! 60 hours
[deleted]
You think it will run up Monday?
Healthy pullback
yeah I've been following it since I first traded (which was right before the crash lol) I made 10k on it and fell in love lmao. But haven't really traded it but I know  sorta the patterns. I think it's finally time to break out to 30 before another crash
your problem is that you've normalized exponential growth in your mind.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes. I bought yesterday. Never went green. I have a month. I’m hopeful for some profits now but not big profits. I’ll sell if it goes green unless it’s doing some NIO shit.
Serious question, is there any way PLTR doesn’t successfully at least maintain a $15/share stock price? Can a govt contracted company really go bankrupt?
It will run up
Usually that’s indicative of the upper end of a range though?
[deleted]
Fuck
Please don’t meme PLTR I don’t want it to get NIO’d
[deleted]
Earnings on tuesday
[deleted]
China EV markets is bigger than US in addition they want to expand to other countries. Once India is wealthier they will want EVS too.
I think he needed money for Plant a Seed day
This. Don't freak out. Also be careful with your spreads, sometimes you just need to pay the ask if the bid/ask is too wide.
Haha airbnb lists on Monday. Im def throwing like a $1000 in shares on that and holding forever. I have some okay dd on them.

Edit: actually not sure about when they’re listing just a rumor for now? So nevermind lol
[deleted]
does uvxy even make any real products? pfft
i flipped a coin
Tee hee you exposed me😲
Let’s enjoy the tendies the RGB lights have bought us, my brother
Test

Ayy we back 😎
If it's not PRPL you can take that shit all the way the fuck out of here
i only do that when i jack off
Buy more
negativeeeee
Dipped -80% it’s over bro I’m sorry
lmao you retards piling in at 52, i knew you retards did this
Bruh we had them running scared at the end tho....now bears gotta go these next two days thinking 'damm I hope the bulls dont sucker punch us Monday.....naaaw they wouldn't........would they??.....fuck'
Hahahahahhahahahah ur pretty funny man I have to use that one hahaha
Should have felt like the one if it was the one.  Just saying price should be very secondary.
mmm a little risky lol I went 25c 12/13
How are Oregonians supposed to get their crack now? Door Dash?
@cokedupoptions

Noice
what exactly is crisper?
positive or negative
I think $RKT is going be great if Democrat get in Whitehouse. my calls expires today worthless.
You’re kidding right?
Hey guys I was at work all day. How did my boy NIO do?
It has a $40 floor. People forgot it ran up due to Morgan Stanley's 40 then revised to 46 PT. This short seller just put fear in weak hands.
Pity.
Expe puts, zm calls, vrtx calls(huge insider buying)
sheesh....
Get the waterproof sheets for me and your wife
Started 2 years ago. Damn. He's been collecting haters.
[deleted]
🌈
Your moms a puta
Oh yeah for sure. I mean look at big Sean for example. Dude doesn’t have any crazy cool look. But according to the guy who put him on, he was super easy to work with and had really strong work ethic. Some of the most talented people I’ve worked with on music (I used to run a recording studio) were assholes, weird, crazy, etc. and some of the most average talent were the coolest people and generally were the more popular artist in my city at the time.
Pennies for you maybe
[deleted]
whatever mattress you get, dont worry about the price, just get the one you want, whichever firmness that is. shoes/aftermarket insoles, mattresses and and oil changes. dont skimp on any of them and life will be much better. saying all that, sertas are great, that one looks awesome!
Right before earnings? I am holding one call through earnings and selling the rest
Sold the the 43 calls at ~70% profit thanks to Cintrons bitch ass. I’m sitting on a few 40 PUTS. Maybe I can make it back up if the stock keeps dipping into earnings on the 18th...
Or OXY. Or TS.
Come on now. We all saw you with John cena at the hospital. Don't be shy.
I want this to happen. Tell me why this is going to happen.
Oh that's different then, don't doubt your vibe King!! 👑
Lmfao
Hardly know er’
you bought the CRSR dip.... right?
lol $3 average price, that's fucking wicked, I'm 500 shares @ $42, way too late to the party, feel like it's gonna drill Monday since earning coming up Tuesday.
I love you guys ❤️
Elon?No!
His brother? Yes, right after the split!
Listen, you as an average shlub can’t do anything to stop Left. All you can do is buy puts on the shit he calls before it inevitably drops. Stop being cry babies about him making ur little stocky wocky go down and realize that his Twitter feed is a money printer. Short term only the dude isn’t actually right but you can’t deny he moves the market. Imagine if all investors on WSB followed one persons advice. That’s the level of pull Andrew left has on twitter.
>Let's pray you are right
Fuck it. Just gonna dump my savings into my account and buy into WMT. Boomer stock has consistent $1-2 gains each week and is basically Covid-proof. I’ll have better returns than paperhanding would-be 10 baggers at a 40% loss.
I mean I agree that NIO at 54 was way too high but that’s what hype does. I think it’s a mid 40s stock at best but andrews valuation is way off. iirc one of the big investment banks valued it at 40+. What do you think it’ll be at Monday and Tuesday?
If any of you tards like tendies, check out sbux. 100 eow.


 Plz sir
This is 100% Fisker. I know because I did the exact same thing as you.
Source?
The train is certainly headed down the tracks.  I really hope I can start putting together consistent wins in the market because I’d love to be self sufficient enough to not have to worry about the people I work with stabbing me in the back because I don’t want to go to their stupid team lunches.
4-3-1

[https://chess.org/play/6c51258a-2e0a-4e5f-b8fe-1facb136c585](https://chess.org/play/6c51258a-2e0a-4e5f-b8fe-1facb136c585)
It just be like that man
Thats theta gang territory.
Bought like 5k of nio in common shares didn’t want to use leverage over weekend but you best believe we going balls deep on Monday
Yeah he owns the champagne company so it’s not exactly the same but asking this dude to live on 125,000 a year is like asking you to live on 12,500 a year.
This is the Way
[deleted]
Okay so yes or no
More autism than bravery, don’t worry I wish I was that stupid too.
In the Bay Area you get a hole in the ground.
Which weed stocks?
Never play with more money than you can stand to lose

After a while, you literally get numb and you dont want to lose your house or something
I dont think Missouri would lock down again even if corpses litter the streets. Probably the same in most red states

That would require an act of congress which I don't forsee happening either
[deleted]
I mean do you fuckers just buy bags of naked options and hope for the best? Spreads? Anyone?
Is not every single person here just some chick with a dick?

#also don't forget Futures traders can trade on Sunday before all the options traders.

#https://ibb.co/C5B1xQr

(That's for you ron_swansons_hammer)
Well.... in all seriousness I don't think this stock is worth $54. I believe the earlier price targets of $40-46. But then I believe in this company in the long term.

If you ever google "china desertification" you'll know that EV progress is a matter of existential threat to them. There's going to be a huge market and enough room for both NIO and Tesla.
It’s going to dip again during a sell off after earnings. Buy cheap leaps then.
VIX will rise again
What did her boyfriend think?
Today, my account reached all time high, feels good man...
Ok porker
[deleted]
Weekend priced in
If MRNA is so great, why did so many insiders pump and dump their stock in the previous pumps? You see Elon ever sell his shit?
$800 to 12k in 5 trading days, but Ha Ha bc that’s poor too
The short sale was an obvious trash play. Anyone should have foreseen that today would be taking-profits day. All that Citron did was accelerate/push it.

Here's my post from this morning:

> "LI auto is up 25% premarket on earnings report, adding momentum to EV market. **If there's an earnings day on which EV day traders were looking to sell and take profits, it would be today.**

> "However, the momentum from the phenomenal quarter-on-quarter growth reported in the sector this month may provide a permanent leg up to recent IPO stocks..."

https://old.reddit.com/r/StockMarket/comments/jtg4f8/li_auto_up_25_premarket_on_earnings_report_adding/
aapl 125 eow
When did you buy that and when did you sell it?
What did the PRPL bagholders ever do to you?
So PLTR could really be the next really big thing huh..? I see so much belief in this company (haven't rly seriously done a dd on them yet) . question i guess is how much market cap can they achieve?
1/3 of your life will be spent on it so yeah not worth skimping.
What can I say I love wasting money
r/ChineseEV
[deleted]
Are you nio shills still trying to make yourselves feel better by trying to justify what happened today? It’s kind of sad 🤣
https://www.amazon.com/CELSIUS-Sparkling-Watermelon-Fitness-Drink/dp/B019XDR4LM

Do yourself a favor and buy some of this with some CELH calls 🍉🍉🍉
[deleted]
INVERSE bro at times.
what's your return so far
Purple or nothing in this sub.
Yeah man honestly it’s proof being cool compensates for aesthetics. I fuck with the guy for sure based on his music and persona, just surprising to see a guy that looks like some dude I would chill with being famous
lucky, BABA really fucked my ass this week so I had to take a L
r/investing
Correction \*investment-able\* meaning not house, arts, etc. Liquid assets.
Only the ones that have balls
that’s a pretty selective sample you took
Please
I don’t think anyone could handle the gforce on that ride
Anyone else holding TSM calls ?
Ev is the future and everybody will use them. Who cares about big data? Do consumers really need it?
Haha yeah I’ve been saying this too. I get the whole “don’t tread on me” shit but damn if people could just fucking chill for two weeks we might actually be able to get over this.
Airbnb listing Monday bois🤑
Yep...I’m going thru the grieving process..I’m at the denial stage.
Could have been worse if you panic sold this morning instead
Love if that happens.
assholes and lips have no gender
Majority of people here us RH, and I’d think A LOT of people use that trash brokerage. You couldn’t be more right, but once you have 25k in a margin acc, there’s no reason for not being extremely wealthy. 500-600 a day is more then possible, that’s an extra 2500 a week? Hell sometimes more or less it can depend but once you get it moving you can do good things. Seeing people here go from 50k to 0 kills me inside.
If you are emotional do not trade because you will be at a major disadvantage. Especially if you need the money
[deleted]
GG
https://www.sleepcountry.ca/serta-perfect-sleeper-elite-mariyah-mattress/product/62052M

Boys should I get this mattress? Lied down on it today in store. Pretty firm and better for my back

$818 out the door
IBM /thread
my entire account is in them
[deleted]
I know a number of people who chose to raise their kids in the city. Definitely not an easy commitment to make though between CPS and home costs.
4-3-1

[https://chess.org/play/b26657b2-0c5f-47bd-ac41-dd105e8cc1c5](https://chess.org/play/b26657b2-0c5f-47bd-ac41-dd105e8cc1c5)

gg
11/27 $30c
Too low imo
I've been trading in and out of it, not continously holding to avoid theta burn and lucky me the stock is pretty volatile even though its maintaining an upward trajectory
don’t crush my hopes
Because most of investment articles are written for two reasons:

* To generate clicks or
* To generate leads for some paid product

NIO is hot but there's not much analysis. The media/blogosphere was desperate for any content. So any bit of out of ordinary news comes out it's blown way out of proportion.

To be fair, NIO at $54 is kind of ridiculous. But then this Andrew guy's target of $24 is also way out of left field.
Can confirm. Picked up my last pdt foul too, to get out. Kickin a man while hes down!
Kept averaging down past month and a half. Finally just close all my long positions today. Down 50k on amazon for the year. Fuck Bezos. Also fuck me for being greedy and not exiting earlier.
The thing that will inflate or deflate the prices of stock based on industry is bond yields. 2/5/10yr bond yields going up means cyclicals will outperform, while 20/30yr bond yields decreasing means tech will outperform.
Only when I can afford it
Ever heard of NIO?
Well, unfortunately WSB is a bizarre and weird place.. filled with repetitive spammy nature..

The REAL bizarre part is why you don't want futures in the mix.. answer that one.

You want to keep futures away from WSB or something?
I think I see that rose bottle is 50 grand!!! Daaaaaaaamn
Always will be
[deleted]
If PLTR is successful I foresee many similar startups sprouting up to compete. Many defense engineers are not happy they make alot less than their brothers in big tech. Foreigners can't really get in due to clearance requirements so it is more protected.
I bought more stocks.
how deep we talking?
Ehh it won’t be substantial but I’d be more worried about price moves at this point instead of theta decay
Yes
godspeed sir! got 5k in myself.
nio and pltr
It's got a little table for your snacks and comics.
[Barchart says NIO is a 100% buy. TOP 1%! hahahaha](https://www.barchart.com/stocks/quotes/NIO/opinion)
upper deck that shit
Bruh, amazon prime with the free shipping. Ordering cases of water for the toilet is cheaper than plumbing.
Im usually too full from eating shit in the market
still good room to move around the 30 range before the usual tank job imo
shkreli confirmed
Fail
[removed]
Its so annoying having to delete the pornhub and xvideos bookmarks from my smart tv before having family over to visit.
So you made your $375 back?
def way ITM by then. I'm looking for 30 next week then selling. Hope I'm not dead wrong lol
No thanks I like reading not watching stoner comedies. You do you bro.
Remover to cash out some of your account this time
Huffing paint again?
Dude he’s been putting in work for years. I’ve known about him since like 2012/2013. He had built a strong following in Louisville forever and finally caught a break. He must be pretty cool and has a good work ethic cuz some of these labels picks artists over those with potentially more talent just bc they’re easy to work with and a safer investment.
They have $10,000 bottles of champagne for the sole purpose of showing hot chicks you’re rich. 

https://www.xxlmag.com/news/2018/02/jay-z-drops-91000-ace-of-spades/
Mw3 was the second best cod
I discovered the formula:

Citron said SHOP was overvalued, 10/2017, around $100 at the time. 3 yrs later it goes to $1,100. 10X return 

Says the same about TSLA, 20X return 

Today, Citron says NIO is crazy overvalued. Using above logic, in 3 years, 15X return = $650
I clipped baba at $200/share in June on some panicky bullshit.. I was worried it would break south of $250 on more news coming out this week but think we avoided.. held it strong see upside.. saw a bunch of really big orders come across my scanner too.. go in with the whales
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Jesus fuck this made my day.
[deleted]
Not sure why you are so hostile. I was simply making and observation and a little tiny joke. 

I don’t actually get vaccines in the real world, I get them on the Covid unit. I may be a bit out of touch. 
Thanks for the info
i think it will, its going up in a channel
Remember the comment?
He looks like the Master Oogway meme
Yep
It’s up $1.35-2 Soo 4-6% after market
Hoping I can sell em off as market opens
You definitely said wave. It’s not my fault you deleted your comments post. Due diligence is about posting the research you’ve done so others can analyze it. You definitely said you wanted to start the wave and that you had bought puts when it was at $54. Good luck trading! Can’t wait to hear you tell people how stupid they are for not buying calls.      

Why are you posting about meme stocks that 1,000,000 other people have already posted about? Nio is getting old.
No bullshit, IF quarantining works, we need to just do super strict for  14 days nationwide. Make it lowkey illegal to disobey it.

People have the right to choose but the government has made not wearing a seat belt illegal so the precedent is set.
Sometimes I sit reverse on the toilet
It wasn’t a healthy pullback. It was a flash crash from smooth brains selling without knowing why.
Bro I did that last month and mine is also good
Nio and spy calls
Highly doubt they'd even try for it let alone it getting past the senate.
Don’t give up, kids. My account was 95% down last week, but I’m up all time now. Weed stocks, SPY’s autism, and a bit of luck brought me back. I can’t believe it almost. But 10 baggers are all around us, children. If you only believe.
Who ever didn’t buy nio at the dip today is braindamaged
It might not because big money bought this week already. Now it is a bit overpriced. Fair price is 13, but with hype and big money buying 15-16 is reasonable. If PLTR is successful in growing there will be alot more defense oriented software companies. Defense pays engineers poor wages in comparison to big tech. Foreigners can't get in the action to it is more of a protected market.
The government buying tests is not directly correlated with more profits for you FYI
Waiting for Four Seasons Total Landscaping to list
Balls deep in DAL puts expire 11/20. How do I calculate $ lost due to decay for the weekend?
[deleted]
This is the way
Low-capital peeps are missing out by not using a broker that allows option trading with cash accounts. Funds from option trades settle overnight. This means you can day trade every day. The only limit is the number of plays you can make in a day and the limit is determined by how much settled funds you have in that given day to play with. Which is not really a downside when you consider the fact that you can fucking day trade without 25k. 

PSA: Robinhood doesn't allow option trading with a cash account!
[deleted]
Don’t over leverage, hit 25k and just scalp with ITM calls/puts
True
At least you're wearing pants to retard school. While some of us....
airlines was the move, now u could have missed most of it
not your wife or her boyfriend
long a couple 100 shares at about 10.   

Comments on Blood Meridian anyone?
Shit man good catch.. little late for me.. sandridge was my darling.. most handles I’ve ever held..
Facts. Harlows verse is so good
You must be new here
mine is 2/9 69 call
True, but also false, but also true, but also false
Hope you have a nice retirement next week.
ur gonna quit mayne, gonna mirror this past week
Before. Cause I ain't a pig
[deleted]
Yeah but what part of Cali are you in though? Isn't North Cali more rural and farmlandish
Spy puts
do u guys invest in all the ARK ETFs? Cathie Bae bought 1m PLTR shares in ARKW, the one I don't have.
I’m on the couch smokin some ganj
Not NIO
Bro just park it in spy and go fuck bitches. Take it from a fellow late 20s retard that wishes he could go back to college days. 22 is not the time for stress
So why is this guy influential on the market? I still don’t get it
[removed]
[deleted]
shit i dont know if i can take the stress man, but then again i dont want to work a cushy 9-5 grind sort of job. Im lost
Nio
buy at least one call on HUGE
I think nio is gonna shit the bed after earnings so i should inverse what i think and hold through
All aboard the Tendie Express
Imho NFLX may be a victim of their own success. They have 0 shot of beating numbers from this year moving forward and every time it reports its gonna take a shit like it did this time. They pop for a day when they increae prices but thats about it. I bought FUBO and ROKU to play that space.
my heart is broken too 💔
NIO
[deleted]
Yeah it was money that were made from east gains this week, but oh boy I laughed inside as BA just rocketed all day, once it broke 182-3 and ripped past 185 I started to curse that garbage plane company.
Tyler Herro is 🔥
there's never any good new movies
Gayfer
wtf, the bad and ugly are just two bad...im selling monday asap.
Alibabas for fags ... Tencent all the way
The only gender is autist gtfo
Yeah possibly also a regional thing
[deleted]
What’s poppin remix do slap tho
Simp ass motherfucker
[deleted]
yes they will indeed, i guess getting moderna calls when they release aint too bad
I meant to buy in today. Almost as many as her. Not quite tho. Forgot when I YOLO’d into LI at the top!
Sorry you're right. I flipped it in my brain.

I'm getting old.
[deleted]
No wait there's pity fucks?
How long did it take TSLA to make profit?
 big balls energy right here. I respect it
No. Why would it be
Damn okay don’t get your panties in a bunch. Im in Ohio. We have record cases. Gov issued a mask mandate today or yesterday and they’re considering closing bars and restaurants again.
Pussy
He was told there would be lambos...
Look at the PLTR chart and tell me it won’t hit new highs next week. You can’t
Got $5k settling on Monday, what are we playing boys?
we got the MMs working for us now son
Ching Chong Ching Chong
if you like reading long FD, maybe learning some technique for writing financial reports, sure going ahead.
Puts on Lindsay's ass
Baba is a steal under 265
Soooo you are gonna keep trading right??????
ban
Lol
Jd calls will print
F , GE , Pfe, orcl
Agreed that we won't go anywhere near the March lows, but lockdowns cut back on economic activity.

The market has not been expecting another round of lockdowns. There will be a pull back when they come later this month/next.
Sir, This is a Wendy’s.
Ping identity?? Thought$?
Jack Harlow is the most average looking dude

This guy being famous makes about as much sense as some random dumbass from here becoming a millionaire from NIO calls
[deleted]
I Guess it depends on when you were in middle/high school? Never heard of it.
[deleted]
[removed]
Ughh I hope not CO. Have to go there first week of December
Bullish or bearish in BABA next week?
i have experienced a lot of pain in my life, but i think learning how to trade has been one of the more painful endeavours i have taken on in my life. the heartaches, the feelings of puking, the long nights at the computer staring at charts have all taken a huge toll on me and im only 22. 10/10 wouldn't recommend.
Pltr with no profit at 26B market cap. Are yall just buying because of its name?
When? Idk

Why? Stonks
palantir is behind evferythang
does the you know what, you know "HOW" matter?
That put price 😂😂
I think you mean Xbox series x sir

It proceeded to skyrocket the following day after the +10% drop. People are bullish still. There’s hella volume on calls expiring next week. Also a lot of puts but still.
Not as good as MW, the movement is a big downgrade imo
List of boomer stocks?
it's parody
21c same date, we stan
Is this a dad joke or Elon’s getting high? I don’t get it
I will just leave this here in case anyone thinks they are dropping just because of the vaccine coming out. https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/ip_20_2077
Bullish af. USA #1!!
Any of you guys listen to your wife/girlfriend/mom/whatever, talk about saving a buck or two on some shit at the grocery store, and your inner voice is like “it would take 20,000 more of those little savings to get even”?
Yeahhhhh that doesn't seem like a good plan. Prolly should've sold at today's bottom, your puts are way too OTM to hold for very long.
By New Mexico you mean Florida right?  UNM grad who lived in NM in 2000.  Parents still there.
That story was posted here. I fully believe that the second driver was basically his Uber drug mule tho.
Waiting for $69
Probably went on /b/
I'm super new to this so you shouldn't listen to me, but I think it may have dropped because a lot were simply satisfied with their earnings & possibly even because it's the weekend. I think next week may even produce bigger gains as word regarding NIO continues to spread leading to people running to hang on to the departing train.

Could be wrong. I'm super new so I don't know what I'm talking about.

Good luck!
Today was SPX ATH close
Thanks for all the insight... feel like BABA was oversold. Going to get some January 275c and hope for a rebound by then.
Andrew Left, is that you?
factual but u have to put up so much cash for that put, and profit wont hit like that when u have that put and baba moons
His old account got banned cause normies on his Trump tweets would get offended and shit.
Thx
On what?
Lol it's okay. I pissed away 1.5k today just over trading
Order parts from GRWG to make better and more efficient weed.
[removed]
RIP Alex.
I'm not asking how it sounds - I'm asking if anyone has news on  other states.
I’m sorry bro, you’re in trouble
Not much. Nothin to sweat about.
[deleted]
I, for one, welcome our Chinese overlords
Wtf. That place is depressing as fuck
you're in the wrong subreddit then dipshit. your DD belongs in r/investing
If you’re in Oregon they’ll deliver heroin, if you’re in one of the counties in NV with legal prostitution they’ll deliver that.
bruh should have at least gone with a spread

gonna be some hopium on MRNA results and shit. Buy back the shorts from the poor chump who bought em from you once we hit IWM 180
Cx in the chat
Man she already grew a ton I’m trying to find a huge growth potential stock but if I can’t find anything I’ll consider se
Me with zm puts
[deleted]
I’m not even sure what I’d spend 125k on, open bars for events don’t cost anywhere near that. I’m not sure clubs have an “open bar” option though, never been to one.
Going down to $ 375 soon
I wonder if we count Elon’s 2-of-4 positive tests as 2 cases? I’d bet money that follow-up positive cases count towards those numbers.
[deleted]
Get fucked VIX. That is all
[deleted]
nio, noooooooo
Yeah just imagine if yiu didn’t cover
paging NIO hype train residents

are you selling your calls before or after earnings
Is it confirmed? Link?
That’s how BA took 8k from me today, I woulda rather lost it then ducking sold. Fuck BA, hot garbage. I’m assuming it won’t even get FAA clearance just a pump and dump fucking BA
[deleted]
Tell me more. I thought it was today b/c stonks were pumped but instead it was from the White House presser. Why did he release that presser to and not Monday? So many thoughts 💭
I've got 5.4k worth of $22 calls expiring next week
[deleted]
Sub is a revolving door of smooth brains
Bill ackman Pershing square SPAC
You realize that if "theta gang" is selling you CCs it means they own a ton of stock right? I'm raking in the juicy 200% IV premiums right now too but it doesn't mean I have a bearish assumption.
Guess who sold before its dump, bought back at 8.58 and sold at 10.72, big profit as an update
The real value is the friends we made along the way.
..A movie or actual footage of a psycho?
I always post off my % in my portfolio.

Was up 250% Monday, now I’m down 50%

Yee hee !!!
For a while there my boomer stocks were the ones losing me money. At least a quick 20% bump in NIO helped keep me in the black (in at 40, out at 50).
nah intel is the boomer stock
Meh
Isn't that only if you gain and lose the following tax year
Nvm it’s model m not moderna. I take my previous statement back.
there is no lord only MMs
What is this?
lol why not LUV/DAL/BA

Or at least NCLH out of the cruise liners. 

Fundamentally decent
Sounds BULLISH.
Musk is COVID19 positive.
China is going to take over as the world dominate power in the next half century. Might a well profit off it.
I remember seeing solo being hyped on the pennystocks page when it around $1. Should've held my positions but hindsight is a bitch lol
How do you expect them to have revenue when they just now are starting to sell their product, not counting the fee for preorders?

Theyre not gonna go under if they got 70k preorders and just starting their production
i know. just pointing out that the citron update wasn’t the only thing fueling the sell off
I picked up 150 c yesterday for march. I was up a little over a grand today. 

I dont wanna be greedy because I learned the hard way through Apple that you can get boned.
Calls on limewire/Napster - puts on Compaq
Hey Oregon’s got all da drugs & we live in a new era.

Oregon da place to be yo
Lockdowns with an L. No restaurants, gyms, etc.
I’ll also admit there were some pretty sus SPY pumps and futures action
I'd consider buying baba at 200

With ccp under their tail, it's hard to give them a true market cap
she also bought fasly lol. dont know why yall base your options on her moves. her strategy is long term which does not make sense for this subs love for weeklies
nio is gonna fuk half of us here on monday, cant wait to find out which half it is
4-2-1

GG

[https://chess.org/play/ee995c83-daa8-4897-b44d-2c7175031b4b](https://chess.org/play/ee995c83-daa8-4897-b44d-2c7175031b4b)
Yup. Got it. Ty
Xi needs to give BABA some time to chill.
Can’t wait for the NecronomiCorp IPO in December.
What’s the next move, sensei?
Dont even wanna talk about AAPL...
Lockdowns or advisories?
I mean penny stocks are the way to make like 2000% returns if you get lucky once.
Np. It bounced 10% from where I bought and I told everyone on daily to buy nio now lol
I got some JnJ calls 🤷‍♂️
Sub wiped out
That’s a good one but still comes up on rare occasion
Nah.

I'm selling to open more put credit spreads Monday
Is AMD a boomer stock ?
Got em
Holy shit this guy made enough money for two phones
Lots of their wealth is probably laundered somewhere so its officially off the books and hard to track. Like the shit HSBC did with the Mexican cartel back in 2012.

https://www.marketwatch.com/story/netflix-documentary-re-examines-hsbcs-881-million-money-laundering-scandal-2018-02-21
Ban
dude....I said the same thing! I only lost $85 today..woot woot!
PSTH
It’s not. We literally had no idea how to treat the virus, never even had a vaccine for this type of virus, no idea what the future would hold

Again, market looks forward and for certainty. And March we had nothing to go on
I’ll take states no one cares about for 420, Alex
What a weird screenshot for them to pull, haha. That’s a single frame from an animated motion graphic during the OS portion of apples presentation where they were talking about unified apps that have both X86 and ARM binaries included. At the end of the animation the white and blue circles meld together into a Yin/Yang type symbol.
GME
Definitely vers top. Source: I'm gay
Some real nice premiums on puts for BABA. Wouldn’t mind owning at 245 if it drops. Month out CSPS going for $860
Imagine not knowing Saruman’s name
Don’t touch other people’s car OP imagine if you broke his wiper putting that shit there. You’d have to sell your whole account to cover the cost
I bought 100 001 shares at 50.01
I thought it was but maybe its not
But fighting the trend and yelling manipulation etc. worked so well April through August.
Diamond hand fds to the bitter end!
Sauce?
Dave chappelle is even a tier above tbh
Alright tards, should win on appeal but they gave me 9 months suspended. Am an American that owns a brewpub in Argentina. Group came in being rowdy and introduced myself as the owner. Treated them good and even bought them a round of beers. They continue being rowdy and another chick smashes a beer glass over the chicks head. The smasher left in a cab, cops come and ask what happened and this chick says the owner did it. Wants 300,000 pesos for me “not to have it on my record” at the beginning. I say fuck that shit, I didn’t do shit, let’s go to trial. She asks for 50,000 pesos and apology right before ZM trial. Lawyer says it’s pretty set in stone that I should be found not guilty. Tell her I won’t pay her shit and the woman judge couldn’t see how fucking ridiculous this was. Held my ground and will continue holding my ground but I ain’t paying this bitch nothing. So yeah, let’s see if there is any justice in this world. Spoiler alert, there isn’t and I’m retarded.
New Mexico & Oregon are entering statewide lockdowns Monday.

Any others?
If the vaccine was a joke... Gold and tech to the moon?
You’re pumping this stock hard...
Still chump change. I just realized Google is only 5 years older than Planatir.
Um. This was
300 IQ
Man I’m into March and looking into June calls, don’t when the pop is gonna happen. I share your outlook (based on the small bit of research I’ve done) that this should be at $30 right now, $40s in 2021, and on and on. The CEO nailed it with “Frankly it makes no sense” where the stock sits now.
Upvoting cuz it sounds smart and has a few upvotes. Calls on this reply
Not sure myself. I panicked like everyone else when it dropped today but after realizing it was Citron sabotaging the stock I felt a lot better. I doubled up on shared when it hit -14.5%.  But I think itll run next week into earnings and Calls would be the play
This guy fucks ^^^
Thought you were saying it’s hard to catch the news early. It’s not
20k on Apple, let’s fucking go
This is what made you realize there is more to life than money????
So.. tits up?
Legit sold my puts and bought calls at 53 lol. I have to be by far the waitstaff trader the world has ever seen
3-2-1

GG

[https://chess.org/play/adc1f8c4-3f05-40dc-b7e7-0abdadfd2967](https://chess.org/play/adc1f8c4-3f05-40dc-b7e7-0abdadfd2967)
You can buy into my IPO for $2, $20 EOY EZ
I’ve never had more fun losing money
[deleted]
Brosepphhh

Nice
It unironically doesn't really matter yet
SPCE
Cathy Wood 1 milli PLTR 🚀🚀
Wrong. It ended under $16. 👎
That's what I'm thinking, started to pick up today....I hope they blow it out the water, with lockdown impending people are running to Walmart lol
[deleted]
Palantir is literally named after the evil wizard’s evil crystal ball.

Can’t go tits up.
Ya I am planning on selling my $MU calls around 11 and then rolling into SPCE 12/18 calls as much as I can afford.
Its factory is in China though
Blue wave for crashing stock market vs Red eruptions 

It is  a sign, sell now before, blue in whitehouse.
I'd say top. tops are secretive while bots tell the entire neighborhood who they slept with
365 at open
Don’t ever talk to your girl about your loses or gains, that’s bad form.
GE 10C 3/14/2021
What does the mechanism matter? I don't get this point

Edit: oh I see. You're saying they announce pre-market opening via Twitter? That's not bad
I'll throw a few bucks at it, I hope they do succeed, keep at it motherfuckers!
I heard a story about someone saying they were a driver for limo service hired for him and he actually got 2 vehicles to take him home from the airport and everything but a single back pack went with him in the first one.  Everyone in the chat at the time was saying coke was in the second vehicle.  Said guy was a grade A douche who didn't say a word to anyone.  Probably was on here actually so probably all made up.
Not only did MM eat it up, he made a fortune.
No problem. Same clown different nose though between the two governers
I wish I had weed
Thank you for your contribution. I believe in NIO, but only holding stock from now on. IV on dis crazy.
[removed]
You're the TSLA $1 million guy. Geez ma, congrats
It’s technically “free”. Covered by students tuition but not every student has access to it
Well, compare that one article against it to all the 0 articles going for it at this current price.
You're pretty much ACB now.
Gaylord
Lol I somehow managed to throw the game but draw by stalemate
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsy4mm/spce\_1127\_25c\_20k\_yolo\_bet/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsy4mm/spce_1127_25c_20k_yolo_bet/)
It’s alright
This sub is now chinastreetbets
20 bones
Click the imgur link
I honestly have no idea - going to sit on it & think throughout the weekend. What are you thinking?
We live in a society
I’m all in deep OTM calls
Went up 85% in a week? 20% is not bad, especially on a Friday before earnings after a slander piece with little factual backing. I foresee NIO hitting 60 after earnings. WITNESS ME
but i want everyone else to go all in too
Damn Gina, what Exp?
Got a feeling moderna will release news on monday for vaccine pump
Are you serious? No one, not even the Chinese wants a NIO car. Tesla is better garbage, but still garbage. HOWEVER, Tesla is the king of electric cars at the moment and won’t be going away for some time.
They’re all shit after mw2
[deleted]
Bottom. Alex Karp has massive Top energy
Im thinking of holding but dont know for sure. If theres a nice spike on monday I may just sell.
Guys I grew weed and it’s pretty good and I’m proud of my weed
41p at the bottom. To save every bull
Yaa... and she also bought 2.3 million shares of IPOB and that stock's just been limp dick for the past couple weeks.
Yeah the worst that can happen is you are feeling lazy the next day.
At least Nikola had factual reporting though. They didn't do anything blatantly illegal it's just some people were dumb enough to buy into their advertising.

Meanwhile companies like Luckin Coffee literally fabricated revenue data in their earnings reports.
How's the new CoD?
NIO:  
90% sales from shirts  
10% sales from Vehicles  
  
  
100% loses reported on earnings
Confirmed? Or the 60% accurate rapid tests?
*All the middle eastern, Eastern European and African heads of state have entered the chart*
Whats a stock? Does it have anything to do with big hentai traps
Haha can you do it on SE?
FCEL? Making bank on calls right now
Slightly off topic: the fuck is the point of [this graphic](https://images.anandtech.com/doci/16226/2020-11-10%2019_18_56.jpg)? lol
please if you have gains there is no need to ticker shout it here on wsb. you're only killing your own gains
who's getting on the SPCE ship next week?
Still in the green on my 500 shares. 😎
Wait.  Don't drink?  What?  Fuck that.  The only reason to HAVE money is so I can drink any fucking time I want too.
[removed]
They announce everything through Twitter my dude
gonna need more dd for this one
I'm thinking about buying calls Monday morning, still deciding.
I could see this place having its own sponsored weed dealer in the years to come.
This. This is why I love this sub
sell on monday or hold through earnings ?
CVS was trading at 7 times earnings this summer for no good reason. If you needed the CDC to point out they would deliver the Covid vaccine well thats on you. They wont shoot up on any news but will steadily rise to 80 ish
Start of lockdowns is the key. Not midway through them. Look at March
PTSD kickin in.. well, you’re on the battlefield. Now go win. You nut
Would love to see it
At this rate we'll have more daily virus cases in the US than the entire continent of Europe.
Good luck with that declining volume and rejection
This is alota words to say your a bitch who can't post positions. Post a picture of potions or ban
F
Every day will be COVID ATH for a few weeks
You mean Black Monday?
Can't spell Dinero with TSLA but you can with NIO. Rookie mistake, Dinero Jr.
You'll get em next time tiger
Edibles always hit differently. 

You could get high as fuck off 15mg one day and feel nothing off of 50 the next. Real hit or miss but I guess we're all gamblers in here so... Yolo?
Glad I’m not the only member of clown gang
No.  Honestly only a minority of people (outside Reddit) want loan forgiveness.  People who actually paid off their student loans instead of buying a new car would be upset.

Not universal healthcare, but aspects of Obamacare coming back hopefully.
If the market keeps rising next week, I quit

VXX 19c 11/20
Thank you sir... This is the way
Got some pretty bad chafed nips today. I knows it’s a sign to buy calls but I can’t figure out which ones... ideas?
Bro fucking respect ✊ 

Live like a champion, die like a champion. Ain’t nobody getting lambo money taking profits after a couple hundred k
No doubt  INO (back then but not sure now) and NIO were hyped. I'm not contesting the accuracy of their analysis. But damn, the timing...it's like I'm gambling and expecting a good hand but Citron comes by and flips the table over. 

I guess you can short if you catch the news early enough or have inside knowledge of the unannounced rating...which is my point. 

But I see your point. They must be fun at parties.
Any justification on the sudden drop AH in BABA? If it happens one more time I'd hit SL and my life be ruined.
it will go down into and after earnings but probably bounce back into 2021
[deleted]
“One healthy pullback.” It literally tumbled 20% lol.
Valuation frontloading. Basically Tesla is worth 500/share *in three years* rather than today. Nio and all these other companies are essentially at start-up level and are now midcap prices. If Nio hit 100 EOY it is frontloaded and like Tesla will stall out. 

You can't sustain a valuation without some level of compensatory production.
Where in that post do you see moderna?
Sell some ITM put spreads. BABA 300 in a few months
That’s what I’m talking about
Before I invest in PLTR I need to know. And this is extremely important; is Peter Thiel a Top or a Bottom?
[removed]
It's all about managing. Creating wedges and getting people to turn against one another.

The last decade with the gig economy and dismantling of labor rights has really set off a purge.

So now you have people on instagram posting about their lives and how busy they are with hashtags like team no sleep etc. So if you're not part of the hive it's like well you're lazy or not a team player.

Then you have the push towards services. Oh man you're so busy don't even bother shopping or doing housework or even filling up your own gas tank. Focus on working 12 hours a day for $25/hr but don't worry you'll make it soon enough. 

Of course then people fall for this and the cycle continues.

It's a drip here and a drip there but if you even believe in the con for a second it's all over.
This is the way.
Citron Vs WSB! Lets go!!!
Fukd
NIO is a stock
Who all likes WMT through earnings?
This. Agree. A comment like this without proof should be expelled immediately. It’s one thing to make up bullshit DD, another to act like you were miss Cleo without the proof to back it up. I actually think I remember a comment from this _____ saying the opposite of what he’s claiming now. Paper traders posting on WSB.
[removed]
40 is about the floor. Big money wants it at 40ish. They want to make up for their miss with TSLA.
TA stands for truly autistic. Its traders astrology. Crayon eating glu sniffing smol play.
[removed]
This is the new batch of cattle to slaughter. Give it time.
Puts on Andrew Left’s balls if I ever see him in public
I let her YOLO for me.  She buys the good shit.
Hope so man. Thought it would climb Wednesday and then Thursday then Friday... may be a LT hold until ANT IPO goes thru
XPEV, LI earnings calls, and then NIO puts right when it started dropping today
Pretty big assumption that it breaks the pennant to the upside no?
Playing the new cod and hearing “spy plane” just reminds me of how hard spy has fucked me
We also realized it’s easier to come back from lockdowns than we thought you just have to pump trillions into the economy from the printing press
Hope i am rich by monday or tuesday lol
Marijuana legalization and law changes in 13@ states bringing total to @31 . They are the Home Depot of weed. Don’t trust me,...Check the chart.
Priced in
[removed]
Apple won't touch any real processor companies in terms of power. The "beats 99% of laptops" is fluff, look at what they tested. They were running the Apple laptops on lower specs while cranking the others. Really bad for longterm. Plus development for them will be non-existent with how insanely difficult they choose to make things. 

Anyone who sees this as "good for gaming" hasn't played a PC game since Rogue.
Filed an assault case with the SEC. DAL beat the crap out of me today. ☠️
Had me at the first half.  
  
But what type of pants is the bull wearing?
Thermo fisher
I literally bought 44p for next Friday because of this post. I sold 250% up not even an hour after I got it ty
GL man I can't stomach playing earnings anymore lost too much but if its a lottery ticket I wish you well!
If the financial system collapses your money going to be the least of your problems
forgiven student loans can be done via executive order (correct me if i'm wrong) so that may happen

universal healthcare has no chance with a red senate imo
Why the hell are retail investors so fickle these days about stocks. Earlier this year most did  not sell off on fears. Now they want to sell off due to a known short seller report? I read comments many bought at 45+ and sold at just above 41. It is amusing how a few weeks ago a more reputable analyst at Morgan Stanley said this could be worth 40, the revise to 46 and now it is forgotten for a short seller?

Wallstreet/professional analysts are wrong often especially with disruptive companies. They were dead wrong with Tsla. Retail investors were the ones who beat them to the punch and now these institutions want in on the China EV craze before they miss out.
Donno how long you plan to hold but im looking at sph since so many places are relying on propane heaters to stay open this winter
Confirmation bias plz... bag hold 41p 20s rofl :)
I scrolled straight to the comments lmao
[removed]
Don’t listen to them. Edibles take you down a whole different road. Try some regular weed and get some pure CBD so if you get too high you take the CBD and it will mellow you out.
I fucking love Doordash, call in.
I'm just going theta for a while, too ass burnt
some big money thinks so. Unusual options activity that expire next week for the $23.50c
Anyone remember the term gayfer? Was super hot back in middle/high school, then it disappeared
[deleted]
[deleted]
Only 1/5 of the man you are.. being you hold 5X the CCL positions I do..
dont tell me you hit them? thats why you use arm locks etc
For something that will always win, COST
We lost Chuck E Cheese in June. RIP my hoarded tickets.
You’re a literal retard doing TA on a yearly chalet that isn’t even zoomed in. Have you realized this?
Autism
CHWY is gonna moon on Monday from all the lockdown news
Wtf are you talking about? You can torrent any movie, the issue is deciding what movie do you pick??!!
prob PLTR
Queens Gambit, Sicilian defense

Edit: I have no idea what I’m talking about, just watched the Netflix series though
Love him or hate him, dude published his own WSB dog shit quality dd and MM ate it up. This guy us a Chad
Thought you were replying to my comment
No matter how much money you’ve lost, or how depressed you may be. Just remember the lord is testing you.


Then on the other hand, anyone that can freely daytrade, there’s no excuse you couldn’t scalp every single fucking day buying either ITM PUTS OR CALLS on any stock and been a millionaire by now. If you can day trade and lost it all, it was your own fucking fault!
Sold my 40Cs this morning, got back in with 50C at the dip.
Earnings will be good. Last quarter earnings were good and they got dumped after reporting so I will sell my calls pre report
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
PLTR is probably the biggest no brainer atm.
Spent money to lose money, I like it
Being poor is a mentality, this man is not poor....he’s broke
PLTR
Just bought a huge green dildo on ali express - guy said - good deal.  Come fast.
Oh wow! Thank you! I mistakenly read your headline as NY Gov
None of the above bucko
±2pt move

Hoping for downies especially tech
Red senate would kill everything most likely.
They bought another 530k baba shares today
I liked todays chart
are my puts fucked this week or is bio gonna go down some for earnings, pure speculation
2003 called ,they want their torrent technology back
What is the opposite of a support group?
Optimistic. Will re-watch LOTR this weekend in honor of the Fellowship of the $PLTR
Nah
Yeah... I'm sad I over traded today lol... 1k to down 500
I bought calls today at $256. Already made 500 bucks 😎
What’s Monday look like for NIO?
ballsy
I think I’m going to do some legitimate dd over this weekend for all the people complaining about no dd happening
[deleted]
He can't do that, trump actually wanted to but congress blocked him.
Bought the dip
problem is that vaccine will hit in dec/jan then it will hit the "shit they are delivering them so slow/covid peak after xmas"
if it crashes that much because of 1 article, what does it say about the price lol
... No wonder everyone goes to zero.
Which stonk/spac to go all in shares? Besides all the mainstream trash like NIO
Wife's boyfriend prob mad at you
Is this Nordstrom’s? Who the fuck is wearing clothes?
CVS is a cursed stock
This has to be a joke lmao
Do y’all think free college/forgiven student loans will happen under Biden?

Or universal healthcare?

Or would a red senate kill all that?
Lol yep... fucking joke. Always always if we drop big for.the week friday always rallies eod. Didnt think the gap up and down monday counted rofl
Lol yeah that pump was wild. Lost out on some EOD 0 DTE puts
reporting 11/17...snagged a call before market close today, let's see
This is not loss, 670? Gtfo post real gains or losses take that lemonade stand baby account to r/smallstreetbets
Lmao
NIO has one healthy pull back and all the fomo bros are like, “stocks dead! It’s dead!” Just refreshing over and over again hoping to buy in @30
✋ I agree completely they are due for a jump. I have been adding steadily otw down when it got below 50
Double down Monday. Got it
363
[removed]
Saw article on this. Good spec. I'd guess sell off a bit then I'd bite
You are me?
China is forcing EVs and the country needs it for health reasons.
I wish I knew other stonktards in real life, no one in my walk of life has any clue what I’m talking about, instead I got y’all retards and anonymity being the only justification for my retardation, and vis versa, it’s be a hell of a lot easier if we knew each other irl so we can social loaf our retardation. 

Ps. Am drunk.
SPY
I didn’t read any of this.
I bought the 0dtes so I didn’t even have to worry... stress free trading I’m telling you
That $50B+ flex though, only way to get there is be a tech super billionaire or warren buffet or ambani or Russian oligarch
Ok? I said baba stock dipped 15% to the other guy saying it dropped 30%. Why tf did you link that?
What’s is this? My alibaba calls?
i love how everyone is losing their shit  couse most of them all in on calls 😂
Currently holding 91 contracts of APHA 1/15 10c. 

I need Mango to concede so we can get some news about Skeletor’s plans to de-schedule cannabis
OP has to be high. That's the only logical explanation.
Ahh thanks! I haven’t been out much
Nah, we have multiple benchmarks, and a preliminary architecture write up from AnandTech based on die shot+core shared with A14 to go on. More than “just marketing” at this point. 

https://www.anandtech.com/show/16226/apple-silicon-m1-a14-deep-dive
You can tell a lot of people weren’t here in April when we had actual nationwide lockdowns and NYC couldn’t find room for bodies the market didn’t give a single fuck

Now we got an actual vaccine with one more imminent and Astrazenica probably next month, and people still expect the market to give a fuck about the now instead of the future

Up we go bois

Hope it drops lol. Drill king
Team rkt blast off next week?
My confidence in BABA has been bolstered by Third Point, and they bought in at $293.98. They're a bigger bagholder of BABA than I am.
Holy motherfuck. Bro are you good?
Lol my dad watches the usual Cramer and friends asked me if I thought it was bullshit (because my wife's a surgeon. Like I have any fucking clue) so I looked into it and wow it seems like total horseshit. Seems like Jan puts could pay off.
Looks like it.
P a p e r h a n d s
EST. 1999 sound track to my childhood
Agreed man.  Never thought about it but this is exactly they type of shit they’ll pull and our dumbass society will fall for it.
Not 'till doves cry, bitch
*car. Fuck mobile. :)
How is there never any movies to torrent
For next weeks i agree, probably some small price uptick before Tuesday, in the longer term however, beginning of 2021, i do believe it will continue slow and more reasonable climb.
To 100bb we go
I’m sorry my friend. NIO will run up to earnings. I work out of China. If it counts for anything my business partners feel NIO is amazing, and #1 pretty much in China.
What weeklies* yall holding so I can sell them to you first thing in the morning

*Only bought it today or will buy come monday
Let’s finish 2020 first
I lost this week but it’s just a learning lesson.
I bought 15k worth of calls at 52, lost 10k 10 minutes later
Ain’t even gonna move the stock much. Boomer stocks are wack.
I think it’s about damn time for a 10% spaceship inspired rally monday for $tsla
Nope still have my original stash.
[deleted]
I’d actually feel pretty confident about moderna’s calls. You’re just a vaccine announcement away from banking. That or another bond rate increase for 5/10yr bond yields.
Except it never happened, I shorted at 35$, been waiting for a squeeze so I can load more before December’s lock up period
Have to have killed right?
I’ll take $50 and you can give me your account
Earnings strangles is a great way to get boned, lol. I like to sell IC's into earnings. Wins pretty often tbh.

I almost never don't do a spread, but I do usually leg out asymmetrically. Worth the commissions to protect your entry
340ish
Bloomberg terminal for short term trade, it is useless.

Market doesn't react to new information all equally. wasting money if you don't like to read long FD.
That's what I'm doing.
Lemme see ur puts bitch
I bet $160. Still no pay out...
[deleted]
737 being ungrounded will likely make BA pop and this news expected by the 18th. Every vaccine news makes BA pop. Remember this stock was over 400 pre pandemic. Its not a boomer stock if it could have a legit 100% upside. Wait sorry I am a fucktard NIO NIO NIO
[deleted]
All my boys say fuck shitron
Nope due to covoid shutdowns.
Earnings call is on the 24th, the 19th was a mistake.
I’m not in Orlando atm. But dr Phillips is only an hour away from Tampa hard rock casino and their strip clubs tho
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/LuxGang don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
So NIO delivered 20k vehicles in a year not a month?!
Always does 🤡
Going to run up to the manned flight and then hopefully boom after.
I love how everyone in PLTR upvotes this
How much y'all lose this week?  -22K for me.
4.20BTC is equal to $69K right now
Calls on charmin
Hahahahahaha 

Y’all are surprised about this? This is his game. There are more like him. It sucks to lose but who did you think you were playing against? Of course short sellers are going to come after NIO.
This not not satire, this is loss your trying to sugar coat. Dont be a bitch and just post your loss porn, with dignity
I would actually. However, I used too vallet and never got to park a Lamborghini, even thought they would come from time to time.
The floor is 40. Morgan stanley stated stock is worth 40/46 and they are conservative with EV stocks meaning this is worth 50+
Puts on your GDP
Anyone still holding DKNG? I feel like it's due for some serious upward action.
Bro...dude lost like 3k. That is nothing

I lost almost 30 in a day at the beginning of September
ONLY THE PENITENT MAN SHALL PASS
The poor guy is only left with $22M after his sons mishap 😔How will he ever recover from this?
Currently the funniest fintwit account
Nicer Walmart
Never bet against the mouse.. DIS calls it is.. nice DD, OP.
Hope you’re not watching that Indian dude on YouTube
[deleted]
This looks kangish to me
At least COVID waited till after AH trading today to release it's new all time high, wholesome.
It’s women’s WSB
congrats \~!
Are people loading up on toilet papers again?
Like wise 😂
I feel we won’t see $165 for a while
Exactly real longs on Nio shouldn’t be concerned at all, most retards here don’t give a fuck about Nio they just care the tendies. Just like Tesla, one or two month ago this sub is flooded by TSLA, then Rkt then GME, then Nio. Autistic scavengers pretend they cares .
Don’t knock it til ya try it
Thanks a lot
Bro it dropped 13 percent  nov 10th. This was before trumps announcement.
Market has a memory of a goldfish 

Thursday- CoViD CaSeS!!!

Friday- Seems safe to buy now
F
trade on the east coast, play on the west coast
What day is the rocket launch
we taking this thing to $100
They’ve had signs up in Walgreens for weeks now
Monkey shit analyst
Get a massive mob and crucify him.
Hahaha! I only lost 6k on em! Looooooser!
No, I’d buy as many calls as I could
I’m running long puts 35%.. and being belligerent 65% long.. it’s not retarded it’s how you do it that makes you retarded.. use it as a defense.. if you ran a neutral straddle on spy and dia and captured just volatility since 2016 you’d have been up big..
This is the way
The pattern day trader rule is so stupid. Has only ever cost me money, never saved it.
What if you have a jar of peanut butter and a second pair of socks?
If this is true ask mods to ban you for 270!days. 201113:270:1 would look dope
Hope you sold your nio this morning
Is this fucking citron child? 😡
[deleted]
Dude, [here's the graphics bench](https://www.cpu-monkey.com/en/cpu_benchmark-igpu_fp32_single_precision_gflops-11). Note the distant third. Note the competition in the test is only CPU integrated units that are blown out of the water for gaming by AMD and Nvidia dedicated GPU chips (note where it is when it's competing against [dedicated GPUs](https://browser.geekbench.com/opencl-benchmarks), M1 scores 18406 on that bench, so it's gonna take some scrolling). The M1 is not going to make a ripple in gaming any time soon.
theres tendies for everyone
Awww that's sweet
Buddy, every time I sell covered calls the stock starts rocking.  Do it if you want the stock to go up.
I’ll wait to buy after earnings whether puts or calls. Less iv crush risk and more chance I can swing trade the next day moves
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/dx4u61/call_for_targethome_depotlowes_for_upcoming/f7p0qg6/)*
New Zealand is tiny and isolated and they have zero freedom. Apple and oranges. Beautiful country though
What the shit, this is a shitpost not a dd, and 1 small contact is r/smallstreetbets not here. Ban
Convicted in an american court for something that happened in argentina?
You’re  in the same boat as me in all aspect fellow retard. We’ll get thru this
Amen. Im on the same boat.
That's a good attitude to have.
9 months in jail?
I think NIO dead for now
how we feeling on WMT earnings?
Sleeping like a baby. These shares are going places
It is horseshit
They bought puts and shorted yesterday and calls/stock today.
so Hold my Nio stocks? got it! thank you
I had read Arkk a few places but having a hard time nailing down a source think it was on one of their disclosure forms.
Same, went all in EOD tho
Carr, Trane
Not sure if he was referring to the 500% gain but I’m curious what were your plays ?
I wonder if solar is ready for another leg higher..  thoughts on JKS in that case? bigger mover probably
[deleted]
While you say this whole citron research team is a big sham i’d say the market doesn’t agree with you at all. You listed a few people talking shit about them and completely left out what they’ve uncovered and exposed over the last five years. Do more research. You’re wrong. The market siding on the side of Citron and not you should be enough evidence.
$23c 1/15/21 how we feeling
[deleted]
TGT sells a ridiculous amount of shit to white suburban people, never short them.
Everyone loves a cum back story.
You serious? Did your lawyer only know Bird Law or what?  


And did a titty pop out?
😔
Search bar for the date
I think my NIO puts will do nicely next week and i can open my long positions again around low 30s end of next week.
Earnings are the 24th, so make sure your weeklies are for that. They just confirmed that like today I think, if they do crush the short squeeze will he something tho
400 shares! Finally have that big dick energy, micro penis notwithstanding.
It was on yesterday’s thread, asked if you were okay cause he didn’t see your post
Wanna know what this says? Me too.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9x2sEmcDHyQ

Mind blown
[deleted]
If you guys had the capital would you sell covered calls on BABA
Does it count that I hold SDOW calls? Vaccine news I am fucked, no news I print
I feel like pfizer wasn't even supposed to get any credit for the vaccination. They got on the news and bullshit a lil so the guy could make his play. Why didn't Biontech just make the announcement?
yes. you can get game pass for like $5 or $10 a month. get a PS5 for their exclusives, which is weird from the 180 they've done from years ago.
Peru soccer team is so weak

But then again all the refs are betting against them
9 months? You get one of em pregnant?
Proof on 100k?
You're not supposed to bash a barstool over their head to break up a fight ya dingus.
Hm, any specific reason..?
I like where your going but I think reality will take longer to hit the inner bowels of financial system.. I played those a bit too early got burnt and now am long IMW.. it’s all about the hype.. people are piling into that blindly but think likely where a lot of the risk lies.. being long junk is honestly not a bad idea right now
[deleted]
 You think Covid cases can be a reason we are red cause as of now it doesn’t seem like it
Its a pt cruiser
This dude has a job!? What a loser!
Closing NIO calls at 53 as the chart turned bearish was like “ah I’m gonna just step out of the room, it’s too crowded in here right now.” And then the room just fucking exploded after leaving.
Bought some yesterday and laughing already
My neighbor’s name is Chris Rick. You had my interest, but now you have my attention.
Only on the first of the month
Tsla has been slowly drifting down lately, the momo players are getting nervous.
Always consult random fellow retards on wsb. Consult = read their vomit in the sub
Tesla has Papa Elon and that’s enough
It might be this tool, https://www.swaggystocks.com/dashboard/wallstreetbets/ticker-sentiment
We need to open a class action lawsuit or get a mob to destroy them.
You learned the wrong lesson. Hit the gym, start some cardio, snort some shungite. This way you will last all night and all morning. When your mistress is passed out from the night of tantric ecstasy you gave her, it'll be 6:30 am and you'll have plenty of time to collect your NIO tendies.
P.s. Stop being poor.
Hopefully they use some of that cash they’re sitting on to make acquisition(s).
[deleted]
Sold my puts ZM puts today for a 80% profit, easiest peasiest $100k of my life. A lockdown is inevitable at this point, the vaccine is months away at a minimum and hospitals will be filled within a few weeks at this rate. ZM calls on this dip, sell at the top at $550ish, buy $350 March puts and sell for 500% profit when vaccine hits.

How to make it in America in 2020, personified.
[deleted]
too bad it went red after today. still holding on as my contract doesnt expire until a few months out. NIO numbers should be good.
Yup. I was going to hold off until later in the month, as the Thanksgiving cases won't be picked up immediately (likely very early Dec), but I wanted exposure to the fallout from Trump's ongoing meltdown.
fuck yeah. well done... I know everybody else is pissed but im happy for ya.
New Mexico and Oregon going on lockdown

How high will spy moon on Monday off this bullish news?
lol problem is Tesla is even more affordable than Nio in China, resale value is higher as well.
Where’s PLTR gang tonight?
[removed]
CVS and Walgreens are partnered with CDC for Covid vaccine distribution.

How can I see all the senators who bought in yesterday? 😉
Anyone here listen to Bone Thugz?
idk bro american cheese on a BBQ based creation sounds off
Lol
No
yall just mad that citron took your money and fucked your wife 

Citron is literally your wife's boyfriend
&#x200B;

3-2

GG

[https://chess.org/play/c13bc3bd-a2dd-47f0-96b6-8f49c6262190](https://chess.org/play/c13bc3bd-a2dd-47f0-96b6-8f49c6262190)
But didn’t they say that the buyback was spread over two years?  I believe this is a $22 stock, once you get a mortgage you’re no longer a prospect for 30 years; yes the low rates have helped with new refinancing customers but if those rates go up, that cash pool is closed.  The only good news about this current stock price is that they shouldn’t really drop down too bad if they ever miss an earnings.  I don’t see it taking off until they continuously increase market share  for several more quarters.  I also hope I’m wrong since I’m holding too!
I heard Hudson capital but haven’t really looked into it much
Citron has a massive short position in Tesla at $400, guess they haven't learned.
Puts on Zoom! Got convicted via Zoom of breaking up a fight between two women in the bar I own in Argentina. I learned two things, fuck Zoom and just let chicks kill each other in your bar. See y’all fuckers in 9 months!
sleepy won't be in until mid january though when holiday season, the busiest season for many companies, will be over

lockdown might just work out well in terms of timing
I buy my undies there, sometimes grab a snickers at the register
How do I see old threads? I’d like to see how it was today during NIO dump
So it’s wheels on top of windshield. Okay interesting
upvote. also you should know by now to just short whatever you see here
Yeah. And we all know OP is gay.
After the Rose Garden Pump; I expect KODK to do something stupid again this week.    
Calls are cheap. I've done worse.
Back to $60 on monday
I wonder how high it'll open for retail. Maybe more than Snowflake
I’m deep but not that deep.. I broke up about 100k across ccl, airlines, banks and a shit load of energy and hit it big Monday.. doing it again when hope diminishes after vaccine deems worthless
Whoever makes Nancy’s $50k fridge
Raising a family while working full time tends to occupy you, making it not boring. People who are 45 with kids aren’t going to hip coffee shops and lollapalooza
nope, but when the pussy contracts from orgasm it does
[deleted]
yes Ma('am)
I have a pretty decent PC so I should probably get a ps5 right? Since I can play Xbox specific games on pc?
Totally, unless there's further dilution like Aug 27.
It started its climb back up.
This is the way.
Oh course not Elon musk is king, but he’s one of a kind. But you’re thinking about it wrong. Its not a long term position it’s for the literal day movement. Did NIO not fall today? Is there not an immediate reaction to what they say. Stop being a cry baby and use your big boy brain
Everyone out here blaming Citron, and we really needed to be monitoring you for the top
Bring back spce meme stock
SNE faithfuls rise up
Why are you like this
Alright guys...I know one of you bought NIO calls at $53...show yourself!
[deleted]
WSB is just one big dysfunctional support group
What in the fuck is the point of TGT?
Yeah I think pullback next week makes sense plus I bet we get more lockdown news this weekend
[deleted]
Realistically, a week is probably super optimistic lol. There are other things that will probably still get it to run up next week, so it's still a good play. I would just avoid super retarded strikes if you're playing November exp dates. FAA approval does seem like a pretty good bet by EOY though. Maybe like 75% chance if I had to put a number on it. I like Jan 2021 calls for the super retarded strike plays.
Arkk or arkq?
So bad
Wonder if there is a betting line🤔
Seems like it has lower to go
He'll  yeah same mine 360/362 spreads.
Hes forgetting history, so history will repeat itself.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/inkdrops don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Damn I use them all the time and never get coupons. Maybe cuz I use them all the time
You were playing with fire.
Got it. Calls on TSLA.
Do you understand the word “drastically”? If not, here it is. Drastically: in a way that is likely to have a strong or far-reaching effect. I’m saying Lulu in the next week will go either -/+20%. A drastic change as I said in the previous comment, but you seem to not understand.
Good luck.
Why?? What’s with edible?
Just like that PDD has higher market cap than JD. Once BABA dies, all hail PDD.
thoughts on SPCE?
I totally agree, add on the fact that Trump will probably act recklessly till hes out of office and this is a bulletproof play.
Monday morning Pfizer announcing 2x vaccine capacity than before. We gapping back to ATH
WSB Retard 1- I can explain

WSB Retard 2- You got both Xbox and PS5 on launch day? Mine are delayed till next week!

WSB Retard 3- You got both ordered? I was only able to order the crappy xbox and it won't come till december.

Me- You guys are getting the new systems?
Even just looking at earnings and the response they got plus ARK buying a fuck ton of shares you can be sure this is going to be a winner long term.
Who?
Considering I'm all in on NIO for earnings it should definitely tank Monday and Tuesdays to kill off any calls that are left. Inverse me for massive tendies
Is BABA going contiune to dump?
he's saying buy puts and calls
Paper hands
yoo what are some freezer plays for storing the vaccines
No step snek
I don't mind next week deep red so I can get in thiel's no profit company
When the puts you sold go deep in the money, and you get assigned over the weekend. That's called having kids in real life.
Politics thread is over. Move the fuck on.
That sounds a lot safer tbh. I have only bought naked options I’ve never tried spreads. I play earnings with strangles but that’s about the most I’ve done. I think all EV stocks will crash this week I believe today was the top for NIO this week.
Yeah but also that chick on season 2 of Holey Moley was robbed
Well...he would be nearing 80 by then. Practically expired
I know a little yellow bus that's missing a retard.
I hear Trump TV streaming channel is 0.69 month.
Yep. Lived and worked in shanghai. 200 pm 2.5 is a normal day. Under 100 is good day lol
Both if you put the tip in
Reading this sub while NIO was crashing was hilarious today.
They only get the money from the public offerings. The initial offering when they listed their ADR on wallstreet and any other future stock offering. 


They see no money from the daily trading
Did you short tsla in 2016?
I lost 85% when it hit 4ish the next day I bought, if o held I would have caught 160% pump it did. I could of stopped this shit game forever
I'd be willing to bet he doesn't even live long enough.
More euphoric, you notice little details and can appreciate things in a different way
Fosho
about to put $100k in CCL leaps 

Disney CEO said cruise reservations off the charts and once enough people have antibodies or the vaccine a cruise for antibodies only individuals will be yuge. Way easier vacation with everything there than traveling internationally and dealing with covid restrictions.
What's the difference between rich and wealthy? Koby Bryant (R.I.P.) was rich.  The guy who signs Koby's check is wealthy.  R.I.P. Dr. Buss  I played poker a couple of times with him.  Cool dude.  So down to Earth
Me too. I got puts on boomer stocks after that fake pump on Monday. Didn’t expect them to bounce back so quickly.
Made 650 from thetagang

Really wanted to get in pltr but yall autists are scaring me

Quit talking about it
I'm balls deep in IWM puts. 

That's right. All 3 inches.
Not proud of it, but 80% down waiting for a drop that’s apparently never coming?
no it was like that for about 10-15 minutes almost right after the market closed
[deleted]
and pm at that
If things go bad over the next four years I'm hearing rumors of Trump 2024.
CBAT made me a small killing today. Holding.
Isn’t so much issues in China as it is high volatility, like today one report by Citron ranked the stock but it’s already bouncing back up. It looks like a good investment but it is also high risk
So how much did you make?
[deleted]
I don't particularly agree on the age part. When I was in that age category, I knew going into major debt for an arts degree with no guanrantee of anything was a stupid idea. I did 3 years of post secondary. First 2 were at home at a college so it was dirt cheap. 3rd year, I went to a university out of town. I didn't graudate. Had I gone into 4th year, I probably would have ended up being in about $10,000 worth of debt and to me, it wasn't worth it for a sociology degree.

After 3rd year, I had nearly $0. No debt tho. I moved back home and have been living here for year and a half now. Landed some good jobs along the way and now I have about $40,000. $0 to $40,000 in 1.5 years. Would be sitting on about 50 if I didn't panic sell so much like a true WSB autist lol

People with literally no credit shouldn't be given so much loans. The same people with thousands in student loans would never qualify for a $10000 line of credit. I don't agree with the age part because at 18, they are considered adults legally and age doesn't equate to maturity, or decision making skills. 

Society does encourage people to go into post secondary. But it's up to the individual to make a decision on how they want to carry on with their life. Most degrees are literally worth less than most people's portfolios on here. I know plenty of people who finished their degrees in engineering, arts or science. Where are they now? In debt, underemployed, without a high paying job to make up for their expensive education. The only useful bachelor's where I am is in nursing or anything healthcare; they get job offers straight out of school.

The system definitely needs to be fixed up
They really don't want them to smell
It must be infuriating holding spy puts and watching this shit moon for no reason overnight almost every day
Amzn is never tired of creating tendies
Oh young retard, then explain to me why Fords price isn’t priced 9000 years into the future as well? Because it’s investors aren’t retarded and it’s not a pump and dumb. I hate to break it to you
hard to say

it's a fake china dump, meaning it can be quickly restored with a fake china pump after jackie sucks a few cocks

see how monday goes
I am setting up a dry ice manufacturing facility. Dry ice is carbon dioxide which humans can generate lots of daily by breathing in and out quickly. I will hire Vietnamese kids and make them run on treadmills to produce CO2. Who’s in?
bullish
Yes
Rationale for IWM puts:

* No stimulus before Feb
* Ballooning cases coming into Thanksgiving and Christmas
* Biden likely to shutdown country if suggested by public health officials
* Smallcap less capable of surviving second shutdown

I dumped $40k into 3/19 IWM $150p earlier today. 

So far, I'm down $2k. Only $38k more to go!!!!
Dude thats severe pain. What was your % loss
[deleted]
Haha. Well the rule still applies. The r/all crowd is getting thick in here
Don't get the same one as me.
micro machines duh
I decided that based on must of my life I spend in bed that’s it worth spending a little extra on a good mattress that you can watch your wife get banged on.
Now what
Will it hit 50 again?
No thatS the retards trying to get a PS5
So who's going all in with me on calls for the roblox IPO
Watch out for head fakes. Head fakes usually mean extreme volatility going the other way.
It's insanely difficult actually, they have to rewrite major components of the game most impractical the entire engine. This is the reason why games aren't made for Linux and that uses the same cpu architecture.
Run away and never come back
The “Prince” part
Needless to say, every nio post makes me salty
SPY 400 EOY
I had 10k in ACB 5c sold for a loss and it hit 14 EOW that week. They were weeklies, and I woulda made probably a million?
Never did I ever say the word wave. And no. DD is about posting research. Not a discussion. It stands for due diligence. Not daily discussion.

Anyway. That’s all the time I have allotted in my life for such comments. Good luck!
[deleted]
Someone else was looking for your post
Actually, I suspect you got banned for saying the rainbow word (starts with G).
That hurts my soul
The prince part?
I love you
I like how theres two differently colored lines. It amuses my infantile intellect.
\^ buying tsla at 395 and holding for months
Until I reach ATH again, all gains are me taking back what’s rightfully mine
The millionaire next door.
Comp sci college student so I’m usually up late doing hw every night so I go to sleep at 2-3 and sleep till 11 usually but past 2 morning I woke up at 6:30 for markets but cause of my sleep schedule couldn’t fall asleep till 2 or 3 still
No, just glad you’re part of the community
Difference is Tesla has no real is competition and they kill self driving. The real value of Tesla is the self driving and battery tech. Don’t Chinese EV company’s have intense domestic completion in addition to the established players, Tesla included?
bounce first thing monday am if i can otherwise jump from roof.
Lol 

Xxbighustler83xx
I wouldn't be so sure
I think we might be chilling hopefully it’s blood red
I doubt it they’ll keep squeezing until year end when they lose the senate
Went pretty well, thanks
Good chance we hit 1 million Covid cases in a single week by Sunday...SPY ATH incoming
Lol
Touché
Nio is the new baby in town tesla game is over
It's a temporary defeat. But let's be gracious and do something nice for him.

Oh I know. How about we start calling Citrus Research...  Lemon Party, in celebration of the millions he made from shorting our stock:


>Andrew Left of ~~[Citron Research](https://citronresearch.com/who-is-citron-research/)~~ [Lemon Party](https://citronresearch.com/who-is-citron-research/).

This way, whenever people google "Lemon Party" they will see Andrew Left, and know that he's a fun guy!

✨🍋✨🍋✨🍋✨🍋
XxBabyxClutchxX
I can’t even agree with your investment premise I’m helping you out bud I use to do same shit and you never win on super specific stuff trying to call a crash on an individual stock.. you hit the general indexes you don’t know shit and there are tons of people who get on info before you even have woken up.. the global system is on the brink of collapse.. opportunity of a lifetime on the downside, hedging commodities for the dollar to fall to $0 on dxy
i know we all on robinhood with 5y max chart but can someone tell me why tf this was listed for 700k in 2000?
Do you really think it will recover?  I took profits at $47 and FOMO'd back in at $48.  Feel like a dunce and worried it will crash to $30
Revolving door, pretty much
Yall think this is bad? I had 500 shares nio at 1.50 and i sold LOL
Try it again, but on a $NIO chart.
Looks like the made money again then
It's pronounced "Tim"
Bought a nio call today guys, sorry
Like 100-200mg should be perfect for a first time
Dude we can’t control lice in schools how tf we gonna control Covid
I can’t nut in her she’ll pop out 4 kids at once. But man is it tempting that pussy was heaven like. Sex game was Lowkey trash through! I have morals sir I ain’t slinging this dick around like the man whore I used to be
500k? Wow. Yea the 358 level has been dancing with the devil. I got 5 SPY 338c 1/15/21 before close just in case. I hope you can realize some more consistent gains. And although we're all subject to the unforseen events like vaccine pumps I hope you're done paying the piper for awhile.
But I'm sure there will be massive lobbying behind the scenes at large companies. Just like politics.


Chad: our employees seem happier from home

Brad: we can't have that

Big oil: we will write you a check if you tell them to come in
What’s the deal with Prince Randy Andy? How’s he not locked up?
Hey citron, who’s next?
Yep but I’m still studying
Sorry champ you’ll get em next time
Was going to buy ZM calls went with BA puts instead...
Good week all. I was banned all week for saying the R word. Careful making fun of the prema-bears.
Floor is 40. So many retail investor got spooked and sold but regret  especially those who bought at the peak.
Booze is better imo. Pot doesn't make it as clear how intoxicated you are imo
Who else is retarded enough to hold spy puts?
How’d you manage that? I already sleep 4-5hrs a night as it is
shit i hope so
That was a brutal massive all day squeeze, possibly to prepare for a big drop early next week before monthly expiration???
[removed]
Backpacking idea sounds very cool. 

Although why an earth would you put all into one company. Please at least consider diversifying between 2 different companies? Or perhaps 3, 4...?
Yoooo same. One day it'll go up. One day
No way. Employers will make the final call.
Trash post
[deleted]
I had to google it but Musk is now #2
Lets open a class action lawsuit to bankrupt them.
WSB Productions will release one for sure. I’m thinking something like Yummy for the happy version
How is this even possible omg
Instacart is an odd business. I only use it when I get coupons but if you already have a sam's membership isn't it easier to just take a half and hour and shop?
Andrew Left new Fed Chair
Let me know what you think.
That was the plan. I might buy some puts Monday morning to feed off some idiots. Or I’m the idiot for buying calls.... Well see lol.
CHWY gang leggo
420 would be awesome
instacart is a shitty company to work for, and its not worth it compared to lyft or uber. The batches are few and far between with shit pay outs.

It has a boomer interface like no other for actual workers too.

dont expect them to last.
Many could walk outside without having trouble breathing. I have friends who live there who say they normally avoid going outside as much as possible because it irritates their lungs.
Metals are correcting. It’s healthy. They will rip higher next year.
Nice! I wanted to buy puts immediately after I sold it all but decided to just enjoy peace of mind for the weekend.
[deleted]
[deleted]
My uncle is nio he told me
[deleted]
Yeah I think with ant valuation puts it easy over $300 back on enevelipe.. people scared bc of antitrust drafting in congress? Will take years to develop and China on global scale wants to flex muscles.. best shot of a pissing match on the equity markets is to prop baba.. plus the sales they just put up in their sales event were belligerent
X, y: no correlation
looks like I’m going to have to climb Mount Everest just to get out the whole I’m in
!remindme ....how long?
Negative missy. The only gay here is those with puts trying desperately to keep avoiding the inevitable.
It almost felt like the antitrust rules were targeting PDD's method to sell cheap goods. That being said PDD also went up 28% or something in the past two days so who knows.
Seems like it got plenty of others engaged. Sorry it concerns you so much.
With the share price ramp in Chinese EV ADRs, and their lack of profitability... does this basically mean NIO, XPEV, and LI are taking western investor money and giving the upside to Chinese consumers?

Just asking because I saw this sentiment on Weibo, with users calling NIO as the ultimate nationalist company.
We made it!
This shit actually gon make me rich
He’s done it before...it’s backfired on him
Imagine coming to a fake finance sub to argue politics incoherently with imaginary people.
They’ll prob make it kinda look like a classic airstream. That would be my hope
Looks like CHEWY is a safe bet for calls. Pet adoptions will boom again as quarantine comes back
Lambos for everyone
HELL YEA
Thought you had me in the first half, not gonna lie.
I hope BA gets absolutely clapped Monday
He's cool and all, but have you seen Bill Gates jumping over a chair?
Omg this takes me back to the days of aim where everyones screen name stated with xxxxx
Appreciate the answer though
Always happens after you sell

Mr Market knows how to play
BABA next week?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/joshtaco don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Market squeezed all the bears today, basically MMs know something we don’t duhhh
Different feelings completely
I got puts at the exact bottom :) holding still. You bulls are gucci
Wish I never would have learned those words lol. Don’t bother looking it up because curiosity will kill your cat.
2-2

GG

[https://chess.org/play/0201fc35-112d-450c-a9d1-f220a05cdb92](https://chess.org/play/0201fc35-112d-450c-a9d1-f220a05cdb92)
They actually completely fucked their menu and took away all the good shit
He lives in Los Angeles, somewhere close to Bel Air/ Beverley Hills.
7 hours of sleep the past 2 days was worth for 500% gains
I fux with it
 "Machines are invented by human beings. And according to the science, humans can never create another animal that is smarter than humans. Especially when you have so many smart people, it's impossible to make another smart people." - Jack Ma
Duddeeeeee you’re crazy
It is one thing to know about it, but it is another thing to experience the difference. Many forgot how it use to be due to decades of pollution.
If you hold by Tuesday closing you'll be way up. Wednesday.. well that's going to be the big day. Super moon or a drop. I'd bet 71% probability of a green Wednesday. It's going to be crazy. Record breaking volume expected.
Hasnt worked for me yet.
Biden can’t appoint someone worse than who we have now
Except if you inverse any other day except today you would have lost all your tendies.
Or they’re 16 year old TikTok stars.
OP thinks their ARM based APU is going to be more powerful than Intel or AMD chips within one generation and 97% of gamers will suddenly flock to Macbooks and iMacs.

I say lol.
Nah brah you’re doing the “bare minimum” barebacking that sweet Mexican ass pussy.
did u see his power he influenced the market with 1 tweet
nice i’ll watch it now
Puts on fucking Fedex, my PS5 was supposed to come today but it was delayed til Tuesday. Calls on Amazon since I ordered one yesterday and it's coming tomorrow.
It ain't over till it's over, bub.
GG
spy 450 EOY
Fuck Citron
entire GLOBE is warming but just ONE shitty state is on fire right? def not the forest management
[deleted]
Big day today, enjoy your weekend and I’ll see you Monday to talk more shit bitch
There's alot of psyops in everyday life. Tell people wfh is great you're called lazy. Don't spend $25 on lunch poor. So much behavior modification in everyday life.  Stay alert
Do not do this that's actually retarded
[deleted]
I believe you bro, I hope it gets there too
So much better all around than booze
Citron CEO the Chinless Chad Mogul
This comment gave me autism.
Pdd did well
Burn mother he-haw burn
Any vehicle designed with the folded steel design is going to do well anywhere with any kind of salt on the roads.
I was thinking about splitting some cash between DJ and Tiger on Wednesday, but I told myself that I wouldn't bet on sports this year.

Fuck lol
No calls just 100 stocks 🤷‍♂️ because like a true autist I'm also doubling down on NIO
🤣😂🤣
>It also has the largest market share in China, where it sold 42,000 vehicles in 2019 with the company projecting nearly 110,000 for 2020. This equates to a 23% market share in the Chinese EV market which is expected to grow in the coming years.

I read it wrong again FUCK. I'm putting the phone away for the day
tesla
Or they keep their eyes out for companies pumped up to much by hype and short them down. I’ve been following citron for years. If you aren’t shorting what they say you’re dumb. Now I know your gut reaction is to be mad because they made your stock go down. But they made your stock go down. They can do that. And they tell you when they’re going to do that if you follow them. You could get mad about it, or you could take advantage of it.
Doing too much. She ain’t my girl just another chick that’s tryna get Wifed while doing the bare minimum. These hoes are delusional. I’d rather go to a gloryhole and sucked off by a complete random again. You should try. It makes it super exciting
New trading clan: **XxxSPY369xxX**
I don’t think u want no action
SEC is probably the most worthless corrupt agency out there
Hope your right bro, the families Xmas present are on the line
Solid dd. Im in
Jesus we’ve got another science denier in here.
That’s actually how most of the rich are in the world :)
+1 for moving Nio day to Niovember
No
You’ll be rich
So his net worth could be more like 300 million
Algos probably dump anything in the same industry. It is stupid NIO/LI/XPENG/BYD  will be worth as much as TSLA due to China demand. TSLAs can be cheap enough for China. In addition, once India starts to accumulate more wealth, they are bound to adopt cheap EVs too. China EV expansion to US and Europe will change the game. Sure they don't have the prestige of a TESLA, but they will be cheaper. It is harder to go wrong with electric motors compared to engines.
They always knew about the air dude.
Banana
No headache fuck I’m in. Hangover been killing me with all these endless quarantines
Don't forget: Lost 99% but still owes 30K in taxes scenarios.
[deleted]
Hitnme right in the feels. Well, i dont see any gains rn. But ywah
Calls: placing a call or text to your sugar daddy for more $$$ because you lost your money

Puts: what sugar daddy does with his no no to your no no to fund said call purchases.
[deleted]
Which meme stonks are in danger of graduating to boomer status?
The only way you should’ve put on this trade was on Friday.. wait for reflation to die, dying hope to tear a new asshole in cyclicals, and build massive positions (these recovery stocks are immune from sell off at a certain threshold not much below where they are now, ie CCL holds $13-14, same with airline stocks, DAL at $30’ish)... more concrete good news comes out dump at fucking opening bell.. I’ll tel you right now, the masses won’t get vaccines until December 2021 and we don’t know if antibodies are even effective and if gene mutation warrants current experiments pointless..  China doesn’t believe in herd immunity and .01% of their population has antibodies.. I hit that trade HUGE Monday and going to do it again when hope diminishes
[deleted]
Somebody give this guy a pity fuck
Wow I didn't know about that unethical short seller.
I don't have anything against people doing real investigations and sharing them with the public.

But this Citron report is simply exaggerating what in his opinion is an overvalued stock. Nothing new, no research, no secret discovered, the bottom line of the report is NIO is overvalued for blah blah.

So what. There are gazillion of companies ultra-overvalued these days. So what.
Calls mean you win money puts mean you lose money
epstein didn’t kill himself
Big data
so fucking trippy
Yep. People could see the mountains lol
Instacart is so desperate lol. Keeps giving me coupons. Now got $40 off $75. Thanksgiving shopping done!
First of all, are you autistic?
Oversold. ER. Uptrend into AH close. Citron report was largely speculation. Insane volume. 2 days for the drama to blow over. Take your pick
Relax dad. It’s just 2.5. You have like 500 more
looks like its going to go up or down
Those mfs manipulate the entire market.
I think I read the same thing and they went of to say “except essential workers” 

so.. groceries.. MCDonald’s.. auto mechanics.. and apparently 80% of the economy that we learned is also considered “essential”
Pls make me rich next week NIO. Just do what you’ve been doing all of November. If you do I’ll call it Niovember from here on out. Thank you for listening to my Ted Talk. 

NIO 50c 11/20 x 35
Yuh but if they get it right it’ll fly
Bold of you to assume that less than 20% of the population is retarded
Monday open 360!
NIO will rocket. Citron shorted Shopify to 100, and they surpassed 1000. They did the same with Tesla, same result. Consider this a good omen.
I wish man! It’s so hard to read all these horrible posts. Rocket has serious deep issues. I like Gilbert, but RKT is shit on shit!
I’ll park the lambo in my garage
Damn teach me your ways daddy🥵
Citron CEO is such a chad, I bet he unloaded his shorts and bought calls down at 41
Small cap and penny stocks
Yup
That’s def the name! I’ll bet they have it on their potential list already

Any group of 3 people with an hour can brainstorm that simple idea now that I think about it
DDOG 5 year price target is $525 and $2,2828 from another source. Sweet jesus what in the fuq....might have to grab me some shares
Anyone got COD Cold War? Lol
Dafuk
SOLO cars are actually so ugly
gam gams always there for you
Nice job made 2500 on a NIO put in 5min today then lost $5k on a SPY put also AAPL calls from earlier are down 9k.
u/vredditdownloader
Start out with an edible.
Not better just different.
Depends on when and what you’re doing. But no hangover and can still hit the gym is key
Thank you for your service.
Call buys 100 shares, put sells 100 shares
Is Andrew Left an alpha male?
Call means call your parents for more money. Puts means put more money in your bank account.
Fuck Citron, could’ve turned my 8 bagger into a 20 bagger.
Nah brah it’s called photoshop. Ask for her passport when he was younger. Guaranteed he “threw it away”. Those surgeries are hella cheap south of the border.
Get out while you still can
Way nicer than booze and no headache. Start small though.
Nah I wasn’t in on the first round lol. Better late than never
That's nice to hear, thank you
Slat gang
They won’t close grocery stores or pharmacies.
When you lose so much money you don’t see gains until break even
[removed]
Calls or puts?
They manipulate the silver market, cuz it’s small
Where are your diamond hands?
Loom and leaf is fucking fantastic
Idk. Season 1 was good but I didn't even bother with Season 2. My 1 year free trial ended and I cancelled before the auto-renew. Not about to pay for a slow trickle of one show.
I just want enough to not worry about the future. Uber works fine.
Do you have any sources where I could read more into the theory you mentioned?
The idea is that as it’s spread around the country more, and factories are hot spots, supply chain issues are more likely to occur.
Lol you may actually be braindead. This isn’t some NKLA fraud or Zoom meme stock. This is a company that consistently makes a lot of money.
🥈🏄🏻‍♂️
Also, the price of each opt nearly doubled from here at one point... so the peak of this hypothetical buy would’ve been ~18k. OOOOOOF
Not only timing but also context....they cited valuation as problematic. Nio is backed by the Chinese govt it will grow into its valuation
Stick to 9 month calls on Visa, Walmart, Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, NVidia... 

Stop buying calls with like two to six weeks left before expiration.
When your only income is retard calls and you have 4 cents, yeah 6 months is about right.
Anywhere people gather indoors
How you know ?
Yah this is everything tbh lmao. Nothing is traded here that I couldn’t show up drunk at a casino and throw down. My lord using this as a way to actually acquire capital sounds stressful as shit. 

Selling is a different story.
What does ‘calls’ and ‘puts’ mean?
the correction was in september
The covid daily cases charts is beginning to resemble that of tesla markets can only ignore 170k cases for so long
Ep 1 through the killer reveal, nothing can touch it.
LOCK DOWN PLEASE

ZOOM $800 EOY
I was more neutral/bearish to Chinese EVs but I have come around to be 100% bullish the more I understand the market. China must adopt EVs for their air quality and the government mandated it. They realized how much cleaner the air is without so much pollution during cvoid-19 lockdowns!
Piiiink
Never tried pot. What does it feel? Better thank booze?
Remember Epstein?
This seems way more practical
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Trump speech got me feelin SUS

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtrzff
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtrzff) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/valid-arguments, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
valid-arguments
MadejustforWSB
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Wait, there are banned tickers on this subreddit?!
I now have 100$ on my wealth simple account, where do I bid?
Why sell?
You guys got it all wrong, the suits were wearing the black guys.
Zoom for the long!! Great buy price rn
A cybervan would be so amazing
420%
literally just happened
Chris Rick made me laugh. Have an upvote.
I've done Mississippi summers without AC. 

America is just soft these days.
Haha noob how could you not predict the future give me your whole account noob
I just started researching this company after all the hype I've been seeing. They have a [press release from Oct 2018](https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/10/29/1638305/0/en/Electra-Meccanica-Announces-Vehicle-Pre-Orders-Now-Exceed-64-000-Units.html) about their pre-orders exceeding 64k. At a price of $18,500 per vehicle, that's $1.1 Billion in potential revenue (napkin math). I guess you could argue those pre-orders are even higher now, and there's definitely a lot of hype around this company.

They only have a [single public filing](https://investors.electrameccanica.com/press-releases/detail/123/electrameccanica-reports-third-quarter-2020-financial) showing revenues under $1 million and some serious business risks as seen in this [Form 6k](https://d1io3yog0oux5.cloudfront.net/_75713222011490ae5e2206e1c6d9d6a4/electrameccanica/db/370/2784/interim_report/20-34969-1_v003_ELECTRAMECCANICA+VEHICLES+CORP_6-K+-+Draft_7.pdf):

*We have no revenue from the sale of electric vehicles and we will require a significant amount of capital to carry out our proposed business plan to develop, manufacture, sell and service electric vehicles. There is substantial doubt as to the ability of our Company to continue as a going concern.*

*We incurred a net loss and comprehensive loss of $29,736,379 and $29,776,051 respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2020, and a net loss and comprehensive loss of $30,742,311 and $30,676,101, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2019. Although we had a cash and cash equivalents and a working capital surplus of $101,054,943 and $105,791,318, respectively, as at September 30, 2020, and of $11,095,848 and $15,478,918, respectively, at December 31, 2019, we believe that we will need significant additional equity financing to continue as a going concern, given that, among other things:* 

*• we have begun the commercial production or sale of our flagship vehicle, the SOLO, and we expect to incur significant rampup in costs and expenses through the launch of the vehicle;* 

*• we anticipate that the gross profit generated from the sale of the SOLO will not be sufficient to cover our operating expenses, and our achieving profitability will depend, in part, on our ability to materially reduce the bill of materials and per unit manufacturing cost of our products; and* 

*•* ***we do not anticipate that we will be eligible to obtain bank loans or other forms of debt financing on terms that would be acceptable to us.***

&#x200B;

All that said, the memes might be enough to get it to $12 before it fizzles out. Good luck if you decide to play it!
BQ = Chinese Chewy ? Hmmmm
I remember he shorted Shopify when it was $150 2 years ago. Did he covered yet?
Damn for sure starting season 1 again tonight now good stuff
Which one you fuckers gave this guy advice
[deleted]
Anyone else here buying options off of Stock Moes YouTube channel?
'Hey guys, this change.org petition has a grip of signatures! Better start the investigation! " Does a single person think this would ever happen on any level? I hope not.
Credit to the plastic surgeon because those lil Mexican tits are immaculate. Thank god I’ve seen her pics when she was a child Bc if she was actually a boy...I’d sit in a room with a bottle of whiskey lol. I’m sure some of us bros have fucked an actually bussy before and didn’t even know
Yep. I'm retarded like everyone else here. Although I'm still optimistic about next week.
Waiting to live in my cybertruck
Yah it's Disney Gallery Star Wars: The Mandalorian on Disney +. Watch Episode 4.
"rich is some shit you can lose with a crazy summer and a drug habit"

I looked it up and your paraphrase led me back here. Funny bit
What platform
agreed, guess we'll see come monday. 
opened up a small put play on MPC before end of trading.
Someone on here once said “to hoarding” is the canary in the coal mine.

Damned if it’s not true...
Europe acted quickly, well, efficiently. So did countries like New Zealand. Their quarantines are over. They are having raves again. (in NZ)
I am big on all metals, but I went SLV for 2 reasons. 1, I think it’s undervalued relative to gold prices. And 2, it’s cheap, so broke people / autists can FOMO into it. I bought 50 contracts 2 days ago. Wishing I got more.
289 and baba ate my ass 🤡
Jay bears! Lol
We can have a little correction though, as a treat
Yeah, how do you miss an ugly fat face?
Okay man, either you're good at this or really lucky. Either way, if you just take 80k of that and do theta gang, get some slow and steady grind, just in case you got lucky, and it blows up, you still got 80k left. If you're a lucky idiot, then you still grew 10k to 80k. If you're a savant, you'll be able to make that 20k into another 100k in a month anyways.

Unless you owe a mil to the mob and it's due next week, or if you're already obscenely rich so that a 100k loss won't affect you, go theta gang with some wsb style buying on a smaller chunk of your money
Yeah he is so refreshing compared to most Silicon Valley types
Most of the actual rich on here just inherited money from mommy and daddy.
Anyone else find Sum Ting Wong with the timing of Citron’s report?
JD is keeping my portfolio alive
There was probably help from someone at mandalay and they didnt want liabillity. Every inch of casinos are filmed yet they didnt even have a photo of the guy. Im guessing maybe even an unknowing bell hop helped him with the gun cases. Theres firearms expos there so a guy with 30 guns in a room isnt uncommon.
I would, you screen shot this and msg me if it happens, I’ll donate it to you, I don’t need the money
The first step in learning how to buy calls/puts is to learn how to spell the world how.
And stock
That’s how much it’s projected to take. Not how much they have. That same article said there’s 600 startups. If 110,000 is 23% then that’s a lot of people for not enough pie.
Me too, 359/360 put credit spreads, but same thing. 🍻
Nio Day is Jan 9. Next week is earnings.
Toilet paper dipshit
He shorted my sock
Let's go back to your place.  
You're already there.
I'm seeing rocket advertising heavily on the radio. As the economy gets worse many will refinance for sure.
You sure?  Everything from Bloomberg to Yahoo has this shit trading at over 160 a share from Dec 2015. I think Robinhood might be a little fucked dude. Unless its tracking a huge split or something that isnt registering anywhere else.

Edit: IPOd in May of this year. Up over 30 percent since then but I'm not liking this company. Too much EV saturation will kill them. Remind me to drink my own piss if it's over 25 bucks a share by this time next year.
You weren’t here when it first took off? They slaughtered us
Imagine driving a combustion engine because your Tesla is in maintanance, no, you need to have at least a Tesla car as a spare! (For every family member, of course)
What if pape Elon expanded into the rv space with that trending recently?

It’s like the perfect thing to totally line with batteries and be able to cruise around all day and charge overnight. I’d buy it!
Thoughts on MRO calls?
100%
[deleted]
Think it will hit 280 again at the EOY? Have 300c 12/11 and just wondering if I should just roll them over for a chance to regain the my losses with the extra time.
Either way you lost. It could’ve been 675 so don’t worry about what happened after. Move forward
[deleted]
Was up $30,000 at one point  during the morning till that fucking ass hat published the article  then proceeded to watch that go to zero and then watch myself go -$35k at one point to finish -$18k.            Only couple calls but 5000 shares.    Fuck that bitch
Who cares. Loser is a loser, loser!
[removed]
Lmao
With my girl for about 7 years not married but pretty happy. She enhances my life and her boyfriend is pretty nice to me too, so that’s a plus
😀😔
Do they deliver prostitutes or heroin?
I wanna punch Andrew Left square in the chin but he doesnt fucking have one...
[deleted]
What did you study if you don’t mind me asking?
It’s general negligence
No clue, but I’m not feeling good about it. Should have stuck with Palantir.
🚀
Jack Daniels will crush it trust me been drinking their whiskey errryday.
What are NIOs chances of recovering next week?
JPM? What they do
Matte black with red brakes. Only way
Nope. I’ve been taking profit every other day or so the past couple weeks. Started at 26c, 28, 32, 35, 37, 38 all 11/20. Rode that wave all the way up. Now sitting on a 43c for after earnings.
That sounds good but do I have a way to cook the ramen in the lambo or am i just crunching on the noodles?
Oversized golf carts.
Come to JD
That’s actually genius. Can u imagine how many bitches u could get with ?
Buy high sell low not that fucking hard
Holy shit. The dump affected Tesla
good thing i bought a put at 50!
[removed]
Bro. Baja Blast is god tier
Put down a $500 hail mary into PLUG at 24$ for 26c 11/20 what's the likelyhood i make some fun money
Lol
JD FTW though
What’s NIO going to do Monday?
This won't be 100% accurate as I don't remember word by word, but someone close to Joe Biden stated that they're going to do a nationwide mandatory two week/two month lockdown where everything is closed so people can be forced to stay home
Is anyone buying this NNOX stuff? Seems like horseshit
Got it.  Could go up...or could go down.  Will this be on the exam professor?
[removed]
Lol love the flair. Aha I got 360c for Monday leggoo
Fuck I guess I should some toilet paper then.
good for my spy puts
The country cannot afford a FAGMAN crash with their weight on the indexes. If ever a dotcom 2.0 bubble pops, these cos need to be kept afloat or everyone's 401K-s will be destroyed.
Tay-K The SPCE
/s
NIO calls are freakin expensive right now. Are you sure it's not just hype?
Bro why dont u do some DD, they are RNG
Crap is crap is crap. Sold at 32!! Wish I shorted. Shit is shit is shit.
Live in a Tesla
Bunch of mattress snobs in here. No, just get a cheapo Sam's/Costco mattress
Agreed
[deleted]
but i’m still not sure where most of the spread is. is it really just bars and restaurants?

seems crazy that people are locking down schools then here since Europe has kept them open
what’s the behind the scenes show called? is it also on disney plus?
GLD gang, wasup?!!
Please for the love of everything, JD kill their ER on Monday. We need one ER to go well.
What makes you think so? Wont they panic sell as well?
Anecdotally, it seems like small restaurants in my area have a ton of traffic during the work day. Often the roads are closed for outdoor seating. I do live close to our downtown area and weather in my area isn't very cold yet.
You don’t even qualify for r/smallstreetbets
Think you should try to catch the ANT IPO or hype.. spring latest maybe June, do your own research there.. I was hoping June it would be moist
[deleted]
You’re genuinely a miserable prick if you don’t like Elon.  I tried disliking him but he’s just a fantastic blend of serious and bright and troll and clown.  The man is changing the world AND putting out top notch memes.  I mean cmon man!!
[deleted]
Cant believe TesRa dumped so hard today😰
200k/yr or 4MM in investments makes you rich. 

500k/yr or 10MM makes you worth my time. 

1.5M/yr or 30MM makes you Ultra High Net Worth.
Fair enough I respect that even if I don’t understand the theory behind the maths you carried out in past posts
[removed]
Nah brah no wonder “he” always wants to fork with the lights off.
Same, im a bagholder at $298 average
Someone hire this quant here.
Papa Xi is giving away free puts on NIO
Jacked to the tits in spy puts and vix call. Bless me bears for my ass is tight.
GOAT
Because of these two words. Elon Musk. TSLA has him and NIO does not
Ah ok, I’m sitting at same date at 23
[removed]
Add American cheese 86 the pickles/onions
Your world view must be focused on literally one singular tiny thing because the bigger picture is fucked
2-1

GG

[https://chess.org/play/c4c14e23-1fc8-4956-986f-e52bd1be3bcd](https://chess.org/play/c4c14e23-1fc8-4956-986f-e52bd1be3bcd)
Why are we stocking up this time? We learned that stores will stay open
Same
You guess? Of course they work
Twin peaks is such a damn good show
Copped for 500 sold for 850
Too bad chase won’t let us walk away with our gains those fucking bastards
Love this damn meme
Would you cucks live in a Lambo and eat top ramen everyday? That seems like the ideal dream for most retards on here.
RemindMe! 72 hours
Hold them until 0.01
What is the theta on those pups?
A lot people don't exactly have much of  a choice.
That's from their spac days
The graphics. Calls if they redo the whole Star Wars series like this.
It’s not the screen is technically bigger cause it’s the whole phone but it def feels smaller and more narrow
Adrenaline is an expensive drug
Good luck; remember to take your profits and not ride things to extinction (I've been saying this so much lately I should hot-key it) -- Google trailing-stop
Cases in France have really come down. Guess lockdowns actually do work.
LMAO no wonder she always wants to fuck with the lights off! It’s a shame some of these hoes are so insecure with their body. They’ll suck ur dick fuck you and all of that.  But won’t let you see them naked because they think their body isn’t good enough
Bullish AF
Pretty confident it’s going to rip, but if I don’t think it’ll hit my strike I’ll just sell on the iv spike
They don't even have strip clubs in O-town
Agreed fucking watch that behind the scenes show. The 1 episode that shows off ILM VR and Unreal Engine technology they are using to make the scenes and organic lighting is the god damn future. Already said they are using it with their marvel shows and movies now too.
Anyone else secretly hoping for a deep red day so they can buy calls before this shit keeps grinding up??

I was hoping PTON would dump harder than $100 so I could buy more, There is very little selling pressure under $100, mostly just low volume slump then charges right back up past $100
Lol no
You do understand all you had to was hold through, or have the balls to buy at the lows to not have only fully recovered but seen massive gains since, right?
[deleted]
Truuuu. Me too sister, me too.
Tencent still rolling
Made 3k in profit lol thanks for your concern
And I'm just fine with that. Hopefully it's not right after I sell my calls and I'll be fine. Ideally I want to hold until I 100%my position at least, ideally more
Anyone think BABA January calls are a good idea?
Dont smoke weed on your first try with it unless you want to lose your mind
Lies
Hope next week is solid. Sold some calls I was up by 200%. Then bought in the dip. 11/20c like six of them all between 40-44 strike. God I hope it’s not over. Or my wife is leaving me for her boyfriend.
The coin aspect has me thinking it was smoke and mirrors.
What hot wheels car you gonna buy with all that profit?
Hate to break the news to you but NVDAs pricing has more to do with just 2nd gen RTX cards. [30 series]
I have my whole family 10% allocation June 2021 and January 2022 260-300 bull call spreads.. I lose zero sleep on the trade..
Probably GE, have fun with those calls 😂
LOL 😂
I spent my last $28 on a call for dis and now it’s up 30%. Good deal Recommend to everyone 😁
What is with the cropping? I see 3/4ths of one cat and the windshield and roll bar of another.
Welcome brother may papa bless u
Lower runtime > low production costs > stonk go up
Exactly a hole is a hole brah.
Green
Then WE’ll BUY AGAIN
$ SWK
Exxobil.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Exxon mobil' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
[deleted]
Nah they all got burned going balls deep on NIO calls at the top.
I tried to tell y’all yesterday, but SLV is bouta pop again. Everybody knows it.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [JOHN LEE HOOKER - Shake it B](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnPnrtKn9fY) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnPnrtKn9fY)⠀►►⠀ 2:56 / 4:24 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Jesus, that’s high, couldn’t afford lower? Or just that confident
Outlander! We have your woman outlander!
Schools are shutting down all over the country
OSTK is actually legit, they have been doing fairly well recently

Definitely over valued, but not a scam company like NKLA
NNOX
Exxon mobil
hey now i'm giving you free information ova here, take it or leave it skeeter
[deleted]
Why not 420! 

We did 420 last Christmas. 

Tesla went 60 - 180 November to Feb last year. (Post split numbers)
Just got a book from my broker entitled: “Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options” as if I don’t already know I’m gonna lose all my money
Cyan
Alexa play Shake it Baby by John Lee Hooker.
Damn I would be sitting pretty if BABA didn't buttfuck my portfolio this week

Fuckin jack ma you cocksucker
So whoever bought the EV dip, have you considered euro gang is gonna sell or btfd it? What if they dumped it heavily?
I also closed out kcac which I will probably regret but 33% in a day I take it off the table
Bought BDX today and am happy with the small gains. Inaccurate or not, the government is buying these tests which means profits for me.
I need Covid cases to save my BA puts 🙏
This is for everyone on WSB!!
Great
All of the triggers I look at are pointing up. Feeling good to be sitting on weekly calls
Well, the spitting was unnecessary.
Not necessarily. Depending on what desert, the cost to ship goods in might be prohibitive.
Nah brah it was some sweet bussy. It’s all good a hole is a hole.
Trumps somehow gonna remain president and the vaccine actually works. Sounds crazy right? I’ve learned one thing this year, and it’s to expect but don’t expect the unexpected expecting you to expect it. Oxy calls ccl calls
I have a feeling my successes will be sufficiently limited as to discourage me, but thought I’d give it a go.  UK here so no PDT rules fortunately - at least on my UK broker (using tastyworks for options so think it will apply there).
Dude in dumping first chance I get. Just need to get to 49 to break even ... 50 would be nice
Sarcasm or nah?
Haha thx man
Market closed til monday, unless ur jerking it at home with nothin else to do, dont make urself a known retard to ur friends ur with
Bought yesterday, my calls sure as hell didnt go green today. 🙏 next week
[deleted]
This is actually crazy [https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/covid-19-restrictions-return-grocery-stores-walmart-costco-target-brace-for-more-stockpiling-lockdowns.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/covid-19-restrictions-return-grocery-stores-walmart-costco-target-brace-for-more-stockpiling-lockdowns.html)
Like do you even know how to use the internet or did someone just sit you infront of reddit and you're just spewing bullshit

https://stocknews.com/news/nio-tsla-xpev-li-2-lesser-known-electric-vehicle-stocks-that-offer-explosive-potential-gains/#:~:text=It%20also%20has%20the%20largest,grow%20in%20the%20coming%20years.
Where does an autist find these lists of hedge purchases?
I think its going to be a long move, as people realize if you want the best gaming laptop you will want an apple laptop. Maybe leaps 1 year out, or just shares.
Uugh fuckin Checkers. Winner, hands down. There may be a gas station Hardee's somewhere that beats it
[deleted]
No I mean families
aint nun wrong w that
All ITM Leaps is best route. Say the stock is $15 so $1500 - you can buy 5c leaps for around $1100. So if you have $15,000 to invest (1000 shares), you can buy 1,300 shares worth of 5c leaps for less. Of course, if stock ends up below 5 you no longer have any value in calls.
Don’t even know what day it is stfu puss
Zm vs the vaccine 💉 who will win ?  
I got my monies on zoom 🏎🚀
I always watch out for lulu pants. 

My wifes ass looks so hot in them, i catch a glimpse of them as she leaves the house on friday evenings with her bull.
275c 11/20, 287c 11/27. God help us
J U S T M O N I K A
LMAOOO.
Same with Tesla
That’s a great guess for the stock movement.
For real once he said tomorrow I disregarded everything he said after
I got out today $1k up. I’ll buy again when it flat lines.
If NVDA crashes in near term it isn’t going to be specific to NVDA.. it will be macro specific, you are overthinking.. the fragility in NVDA is within the Nasdaq.. buy a put on QQQ
Tsla kinda flying under the radar lately. It’s looking low if you ask me 🤔 any exp longer than a few weeks seems dumb to me tho...
[deleted]
How do I buy calls for whoever makes these freezers that will be needed to store the COVID vaccines?
11/27 $30c
Quik math
The scene in Children of The Corn where they get back to their car and it’s completely destroyed with corn coming out of the engine and seats and shit is honestly one of the funniest moments of any horror film I have ever seen.
And this was a lie
Theta gang here, sold a 260p earlier in the week.

Not sweating and I am still up about 20%. Just make sure you have enough expiration or sell when it pumps because they have significant headwinds before they run back up to $300
haha yeah i was pissed about that too!
NIO is good i EV too much all in time to razzle dazzle trump wins fuck MM gonna get rich!
Bought hyatt puts at it's high today because were fucked as a country for 6 months at least and of course I'm going to lose money.

But yolo on a meme stock and I make thousands. Jesus
What color lambo?
Lmao I was wondering how much I would’ve made.. what’s funnier is the fact that I was gunna sell at open for .04 a pop, but rh was acting up.
Allowing 18/19 year olds with no life experience to take tens of thousands of dollars of loans shouldn’t be legal. Your brain doesn’t fully develop until you’re 25, which is why those younger than that tend to have horrible decision making skills. Hence allowing society/schools/adults to pressure them into going to college and gaining a stupid amount of debt.
Look at big man 6" over here, no need to brag
lol got tested today but still remarkable we shut country down for months
Blame it on Andrew Left
If I had to guess, I’d say 25% of WSB ended the week in the green.

That’s probably way higher than usual. 😂

[I had a shitty day today](https://imgur.com/gallery/gmYNyGP)
Bruh it was like 12 minutes wtf
What are your positions.
You did fine selling then
You’ll get there man. Focus on your career, reduce expenses, and most importantly STAY AWAY FROM THIS SUB. 

I only come to this sub every couple weeks to thank them for for their contributions ;)
[deleted]
When is the next paper trading contest?
Li auto gang how we feeling next week?
[deleted]
really? haven’t been there in a while but used to love the chalupa.. what do you get?
They stopped selling beefy frito burritos so theyre dead to me now. GOAT $1 burrito, 2 could fill me up.
Who copped a PS5?
[deleted]
Lost all on 11/13 PLTR FDs
Damn man wish it was true. But it was some pure sweet Mexican tight pussy 🤩
PLTR PLTR PLTR
Pump coming your job gave you more tendies
Nice!
I once yoloed LULU $130P 4/17
I only signed back up for the mandalorian, gonna cancel again until they start releasing more Marvel stuff
[deleted]
Which 5G stock was it?
Ngl that'd probably make me hate McNuggies. Like drinking way too much tequila
lol
If you see a stock going down, buy puts.
Where are you from?
Elon fanboys are annoying as fuck but I am slowly becoming one, oh well not gonna fight it
goddamn that new episode of mandalorian was good. calls on disney, i’m renewing my subscription for this show alone
280 dec/18... 🙏
BK is waaay worse.
Short term puts then calls
[deleted]
Probably same way we live in Arizona in July.  You literally never go out during the day.
170k new cases today
you dont need an account, idk what youre doing on your end but you need to accept the game config
I agree after getting my puts run over and seeing the earnings I think this is one you can't bet against any calls any dates are likely good imo.
Don't be see short sighted. New games will obviously be made for the M1, and existing games will be converted. It's not difficult.
What would you call a company that designs electric powertrains for electric long haul truckers?  Electric something? E something for short maybe
I have 2 shares. Down 50% in last 90 days prior.
Looks like neither one of you know how to cut your losses!
It’s up 250% in the past 5y tho https://www.robinhood.com/stocks/AYRO?sharer_id=thomash7037
I won’t claim it wasn’t luck, but it’s not “for once”—I’m on a heater, but I’m done now
They probably finally cleaned the food prep area for the first time because of covid
I did but most people called me stupid, retarded and spit in my tequila glass.
CEO of Electric Macarena
I second this. But I’ll be verbal if someone is trying to open a stall door lol
The ole X marks the spot pattern.
1-1

[https://chess.org/play/d110a34d-1671-49b3-bba1-e4a3d123dce3](https://chess.org/play/d110a34d-1671-49b3-bba1-e4a3d123dce3)

GG
I’m not saying it will be good. I’m saying a drastic change will be happening very soon for LULU (good or bad)
Haha no I’m no left lane camper only a toilet camper.
Yeah the south is ridiculous think about living in florida anywhere but right on the beach
Louis Vuitton low top trainers, Balenciaga Track’s, Dior B23’s, Gucci Rhyton is you wanna save some $.
How do you lose money on tesla calls?  That's been one of the few even I couldn't fuck up.
Pray all the blue states shut down and close up? 😂
I already apply for their wait list
[deleted]
[deleted]
I left GME lol. It's not going anywhere
Things in the way of oil companies are potential lockdowns (some already happening) and if Dems win Georgia in January runoff. We will need hydrocarbons for a long time but if these things happen then it will take longer for them to get out of a rut. I don’t see them breaking their ATHs again unless they are the ones actually making breakthroughs in alternative energy (which some like XOM are researching). I have my eyes on natural gas pipelines and diversified downstream companies like PSX but I am scared to buy right now. Another lockdown would absolutely fuck the oil industry.
I hope he pulled out
Should’ve told us this last week bruv
Just wait for someone to mention NIO, then block them
I think you're on to something. I saw the first post earlier today about being tired of the nio memes. Then the big drop
https://marker.medium.com/amp/p/96f920ec4dfd?__twitter_impression=true

Call me crazy but I bet big restaurant, oil and real estate will end up launching a psy ops to get people back into offices and not accept the wfh. I love being remote but if I'm miserable driving into an office and spend $$$ to get there those business profit.
That’s good! I lost 297 from NIO today . Fuck China man and his EV car
School closure announcements continue. Death toll rises. Stay at home stocks have a bounce.
His tendies. 😏
[deleted]
Congrats, if you spent the other way round, you could have made $9181.94 (sorry just had the urge to calculate)

At least you didn't bought NIO Calls instead lol
Hahah tell him
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** GME soldiers

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtsvx9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtsvx9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/accumelator, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Jack-Skinne
ROO-FI-O
That’s my favorite town in the world. My favorite little humid, filthy, whore infested town.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
It's easy! Life is random and God is fake.
[deleted]
[removed]
Chart tells a diff story, cuck a chart, dont cuck the stock.
"Do you know, my son, with what little understanding the world is ruled?"
- Pope Julius III
Had a dude next to me tap on the wall and ask for some toilet paper, said they really screwed him, I pretended like I didn’t hear him but eventually tore off a few squares and slid it under. True story
Did that the morning after the $40 analyst upgrade hit.
Degiro, others are just a gay ass money trap. Honestly I trust only Degiro.
Mine left for SOLO
Interested to hear the logic behind this statement. Literally selling to a growing middle class already larger than the entire United states
What’s your lifetime return using that philosophy and how long have you done it for?
Haha
Well their CEO is supposed to be going on this one I hear so I hope it doesn’t blow up otherwise I’m switching to puts 😂😂
They changed their recipe and removed the Ex-Lax.
I’ve never seen black guys wearing suits too
LMFAO
PLTR free money again next week.  You heard it here.  Don’t @me
She’s been pickin up all the wsb meme stocks I think she a member
Nikkei
Some of it
I admire your GME resilience, you’ve been trumpeting it for like a month straight lol
[deleted]
This is how it starts!  I made $42 buying/selling a (one) Lowe's call in two days.  Now I'm a PDT...
Agreed
Watch out for the novichok bud
I have 1,500 JNJ stock is there any reason to be worried lol?
*A little bit of Monica in my life*
It’s still bigger than the OG iPhone SE right?
Moderna releasing results and it it’s flat and value crumbles
https://www.scmp.com/business/markets/article/3109662/hong-kong-china-markets-tumble-after-trump-bans-us-investments
Walter Bloomberg reporting that Citron is starting their own EV company to find a vaccine to retardation
In the money leaps, I got 2.5c; free leverage. Never buy a stock unless you’re looking for dividends or voting rights.
Anyone got any short BABA calls? 300 11/27. Unlike an xnxx video I don't want Ma to fuck me.
[deleted]
I went to New Orleans last year in early October. It was so hot and humid. I have no idea how people live there. I stepped out of my hotel and immediately starting pouring sweat. The crazy thing was there was a bunch of black guys wearing suits. Like WTF?
I mean the gains are still there for folks who did their time in the 80's and 90's but yeah you guy's in your 30's r kinda fuqed unless you "bought more" on the way down like any good investor would have...
Nah brah. Ever wonder why she’s “always on her period”? You’re fucking bussy brah.
He meant 400k
[deleted]
Ouch
What
Prob also stay in the left hand lane, not passing anyone on the right. You could match their aggression and yell that you’re still shitting.
[deleted]
Lmao -98 percent in 5 years. Fuck that. Literal penny stock. May as well be called aerotyne.
[deleted]
failed to sell my 11/16 calls today because my stupid fucking wage job, so i'm stuck diamond handing it through the weekend. holy fuck.....................................................either thank fucking god for my job, or i might actually quit because i couldn't sell at 150%
Elon musk
[deleted]
Oklahoma and Texas energy companies have to take all 5.
Bad stock to say this about. Go look at how much they sold on singles day...
Elon will personally ram a cybertruck right up ur asshole brother
Outstanding
I realized apart from the very beginning of COVID I haven't bought or held a single stock
OSTK?
You wouldn’t?
Ostk sucks
I heard they have private clubs now where they discuss substance... and wee on each other.
As long as there’s some good vaccine news next week probably
Good advice! I don’t think I’d have the guts to bet more anyway - I’m not going to be one of those people pumping my life savings in. Yet.
hood
True. So since you said this it’ll meme to $100 by new year’s
You said 500k/ year is wealthy and 30M net worth is ultra wealthy. Can you help me link the two? 

What would net worth or a regular wealthy person be in your opinion? And net worth of a $200k/ year person be?
i concluded the same thing when i bought back in earlier today tbh. i got to those price targets by figuring that if PLTR didn't hit them i'd be fucked
Moderna releases results and Zm goes to 450
[deleted]
Reg 10 pc
Check out the WeBull chat section. Makes WSB look like a hedge fund.
You’d have to explain it more for me to understand how exactly it relates to stock volatility or show me some of the math. However I’d also believe you if you’re right on stock predictions. What positions next week?
You won’t be ready to get married until you find the one. I know it sounds cheesy but it’s true. When you find the right person, settling down with them becomes more exciting that not
Me and my 4 bros
Shit I bought NIO calls today, and I have to sell my house now
No, we are about to start another round of lock downs.
Yeah true that Checkers is BS. I feel like they’re extra with how they advertise their restaurants but most I’ve been to are dumps.
The after-hours buy volume on CNK is lookin pretty suspect 📈
Anyone been to Taco Bell lately?!?? Shit is delicious now and didn't give me the runs...when did this happen?
imagine ruining ur life for a seinfeld dating meme. get married to a nice girl your age
thanks for your service. downvoting him now.
Fucked her raw before. Can confirm she has no Adam’s apple
Well considering dude likes destabilizing currencies that seems reasonable. Screw money, goods is where the action is
Dkng penn callls all day
This is what lockdowns do to people - I want to know where everyone is hanging out now... it surely isn’t the WSB discord which is even more retarded that this sub
Totally right...all the old Persians around here sold their cucumber farms when the city expanded and they bought rug shops. Barely took their families to eat kabab but they buy Mercedes and BMWs cash
Why is everyone so salty? I’m pointing something out that I found interesting. It’s kinda getting boring seeing the 40th post of the day about NIO.
I bought at close. U think it won't climb next week?
Earnings might be a make or break for NIO tho
Yeah wtf is up with PFE?!  It makes zero sense to me how it is the same price as it was in January.  I don't know how much these pharmaceutical companies make on vaccines, but I would think it would at the very least be a boost to revenues and soak up fixed overhead costs from their other product lines.
Unless it’s really bad, I cannot shit in a public restroom. I have to be at home.
When you drive it you look like a fucking retard
Damn, so you're at a net loss of -314
Are my ZM puts gonna print?
you EV nuts need a sub just for yourselves. The rest of us shouldn't have to be subjected to this constant moronic circlejerk.
Eh everything that goes mainstream is doomed to become the big ghey. Wsb in 2015 was a better drug than black tar heroin
They own 23% of the Chinese car market with 20,000 cars? Your drugs are laced bro
[deleted]
It’s on the Panda Express menu
Post them gains
That chick has an Adams’s 🍎
Yes
ya i did that last month and lost 10k in 2 weeks
Spy isnt tqqq. Im long vix long tqqq
Vaccine will be needed for social security or universal income type of things. For the good if the country. Medicine is important
Nio
What’s the word on jwn ? Short squeeze infinity loop coming ?
He’s your wife’s boyfriend, of course he owns it.
Is Becky going to capitulate all over our faces?
Asking the real questions here.
Thought I was in r/thathappened at first lol was expecting the kid to be 3 years old finishing his pre-med.
asshole why tell me after market is closed
Feb21 9p
Uhhhh is nio on the han sang or Shanghai exchange....?
Moderna releases results and ZM goes to 350
quit betting on china you communist
Sold my $45 calls at 52 this morning, bought a $55 call, annnd it expired worthless.
Don’t forget about the 10million new Walmart+ subscribers
Exactly this. Clearly u/ihatethelivingdead has never made a woman cum
Checkers and KFC are the worst in my area but really varies by location

Between those two overall BK
We addicted
If it gets to 55 Monday, I’ll donate 95 percent of my profits, I swear I will!!!
The Ballad of Buster Scruggs. It's pretty much multiple short western-style films put together. Got better throughout, but it was weird.
Does that matter if you only take the standard deduction?
That's all a personal decision, and kids can be cute.

 There isn't a single upside to marriage unless you're marrying significantly above your position on the socioeconomic ladder without a prenup in a state with some generous alimony laws/precedent.
Your wife's boyfriend loves all the <insert autist> wife's boyfriend jokes.
any other baba bagholders in here?
So retarded it makes sense
Top 5 CEOs who likely beat their wives?
it wont
Back to reality is about $22 per share
Hahahah true Autism of this sub comes out not recognizing this
r/quityourbullshit thr lubricating flow from arousal doesn’t have the ability to “squirt” you turd
First ones free.  
Second one cost $7,914.
[deleted]
Bitchron
NIO calls at $54??
Some chick is always putting the 🔥 or 😍 emoji under my ig pics calling me “mí hermoso 😍” does she want the meat? Idk how to tell her that I’m not into that kind of stuff my flashlight is just fine
I wonder if slack and zm will merge
I think being married is awesome. I married my best friend so I get to hang out with them all the time and also have a sexy lady to bang on occasion. 

It’s a great combo
Pics or ban.  You don't tease 99% loss porn.
Started watching them as I genuinely like and want to invest in solar. Until I noticed the swings, lol. It’s kinda crazy
It’s called a Fibonacci triangle. It has been an amazing indicator if a stock will shoot up or down drastically.
We will have our moment soon 📦📦📦
Putin is a pussy.  Puts on Russia
SPCE coming back for round 2? I like it.
Nio
ouch you got me
Holding JNJ and UNH calls. 🇺🇸
What
Nio
When using a public bathroom single stall (like the shitters at SBUX) does anyone else intentionally stay on the shitter longer if someone bangs or jostles the door impatiently or aggressively?

I always make a point to hold the toilet hostage if that’s the case.
Wbs: solo is gay



Solo: “When you’re driving it, you feel like you’re sitting in the cockpit of a fighter jet or in a Formula One car,” said Paul Rivera, CEO of ElectraMeccanica. “It’s really cool and really different.”
Tree fiddy
$GE
Super weeny hut juniors
I have no idea, but I have a shit ton of spy puts
bullish more time for weekend D.D.
I love it

Next time your overinflated meme stock moons, shut the fuck up and take your profits in silence or at least keep it to one thread instead of 50

Talk Shit Get Hit
Go visit a children's cancer ward and you'll realize they're all 100% blessings. Memento mori.
You don’t until you’re looking back at the situation.
No. Went to a strip club a couple months back because I was curious lol.
Anybody check out Soros Fund (George Soros) 13F released today? Completely dumped the whole financial sector. Pretty bullish on industrials.
Do you want to watch me jack off?
I chose spy earlier because 358 is along the trend line of every drop since 2016. Surprisingly we hit and closed right there today, so I am holding my loss and assuming this time will **not** be different. And yeah usually individual stocks are easier but this market has been completely correlated on average up or down days. It's rare for one stock to move without the whole market moving lately so at the time I considered not far out the money puts a safe bet. Someone also made a giant 500k spy 290/300 put bet after my purchase so maybe something is brewing.
JKS -- he isn't lying
19 ... I don’t think you’ll feel that when way ur 38 fat and bald.
Nice
What’s gonna stop it? Please share
Oh man it’s hilarious on acid lol
Yea apparently the market dips when the mcrib comes out cuz it signals the pork market is cheap and I guess is a proxy for other bs economic metrics
Electric lemonade is a great drink
And china will keep throwing money at it because thats what communists do.
very green. ath perhaps
You think they are going to let the same play work two weeks in a row?
I bought at $28 and sold at $40. Then realized it wasn’t a sell off and bought back in at $41. Saw it hit $54 today and I thought i was a genius. Took a screen cap and sent it to my wife to brag. I think I jinxed us, boys. Maybe it’s time to move on.
STFU with your wannabe analyst shit. 
“99% of the stocks right now” are not at ATH. JD is literally there right now lol. Like 1% of the S&P500 falls into that similarity
Nice balls, mate.
I find BK and MCD almost suck equally though BK are dirtier.
Turned 400 into into 8k then BA turned it into 86
Yeah it indicates we’re going to fall into a recession and or bear market

The McRib indicator

But I think it actually is bullish when it is first announced and then when it comes into place the bad times are here

I guess the idea is mcd can predict the recession with all their internal sales numbers.

The other possibility is they have a baby boom cycle of cows so periodically they have to get rid of a bunch of extra ones
I respect your opinion, but it’s wrong
Doesn’t no one understand this is a parody account? His main parody account was just banned but this is his backup parody. Give him a follow he is pretty funny!
second mortgage and your kids college tuition on PLTR calls.
Spent $300 on the nio puts and $1700 amazon call
Worth it tho, gj managing risk bruv, i took a risk on an apr 60 c but it worked out
Just buy it
Anyone looking at 2022 LEAPS for any cyclical/value names?
Would be great but ARKK only has monthlies and the premium is doodoo
How do they blow you with a mask on?
[removed]
ZPCE will go up next week because of Sundays SpaceX flight.
Sorry for the loss . You’ll get back . How you feeling and when are you gonna deposit your next transfer
I’m fucking hoping!!!!
What percentage of Amazon’s business in terms of online shopping is domestic
What’s the next NKLA/Scammy company to be outed?
Lol are you serious? That’s lame
I miss circuit breakers
/r/agedlikemilk
I don’t know what half the fucking companies I trade do I just know that I can press a series of buttons and they can tend to make me money.
More collaboration tools on documents/spreadsheets etc, better stability in my experience, and I've never done calls/video on Slack but those parts of Teams perform even better than Zoom
[removed]
[deleted]
cant believe in the vaccine if you dont believe in covid. never met anyone who had it
When I got into options I used a very small bankroll ($500 and then up to $2k which made me nervous as hell -- ha!) and learned what *not* to do while risking very little money.  Make beginner's mistakes when it doesn't count as much so you only make huge mistakes you didn't know existed later. 😉
It’s literally going to space
They were talking about growth potential not really past/recent results. so i thought you were talking about the same thing.
Yes it's true 1/4 of earth's population has pre-ordered it
Lmao. you bought the top sir.
Big 🧠. Y arkk over arkw tho
This is god damn perfect
PSTH is my spac. But maybe I'll get into SPCE the minute they leave this fukin planet without blowing up. And I'm keeping those ICLN, I hope we can pivot to renewables under Joe.
Going long and hard
Holding about $15K worth of ZM calls expiring next Friday. What we think is gonna happen this upcoming week?
NIO run was so meme like we should happy it came back to reality. Expect another meme rise within weeks
That triangle is ascending right up your ass!
No
[deleted]
I was thinking of you while writing but I didn’t want to detract from the point I was making, may your positions Rest In Peace ❤️
Mcd
What are we thinking for Oil next week? Pull back Monday after that insane run today?
People who refuse to take vaccine and also want free money through universal basic income that is on elites agenda r fuk
People on here pretending they're done with NIO but going to fomo everything once it gets up to $55 Monday haha
Bk
Im prepared for fate has in store for me
I don't think the cat listened to him much anyway

he's a bit of a cuck
ahahahahahahahah lol irl
I thought I was going to get to spend my whole weekend playing Valhalla on my Series X but nooooo...shit’s not coming until Tuesday.  Fdx dragging their fucking feet.
Only if you're poor. Mattress quality doesnt plateau until you're looking at multiple thousands of dollars in price
I'd expand on this to say no kids ever
Get out of here boomer fucked
I’m out at dinner with people right now and I find myself looking at this shit what the fuck is wrong with me
You yolo nio fd’s and see what happens
what language is this?
prime example of unsustainable growth
Money printer right here. Every retard in this sub should be putting up calls here
Lmfao
You were right for once in your life. Congrats
Wow, look at that drawing! You're so talented. Never mind what other mean people say, you're special and loved, always remember that.
Lmao, you're a stripper?
Join my OnlyFans where I shout ping pong balls with stock picks Witten on them out of my asshole .
Did he died?
Keep hating citron fanboy who’ll be laughing when NIO takes us to the moon
Are we the baddies?
There really is no way Musk can spend all his money before dying. And he doesn't need to pass off a billion to each of his children. If I were a billionaire, I would splurge on boats and hoes
[deleted]
Wait that’s puts sorry man sell that shit
The big short
My personal fav “vaccine talks going well”.... 400,000 dead on Monday, anyway, back to you Lisa.
We will watch your career with great interest
I don't get why ZM gets overvalued to shit over the Macroshart equivalent but Slack doesn't
Alright man, be careful don’t become another retard
What you holding ?
[deleted]
Thanks for reassuring my spy puts gonna print
Calls on Delta air
Head up twtr is on the rise
Yea and that pussy isn't even using his own money.....no wait.
My retarded ass woke up with the plan to purchase put on NIO but being a retard I did the exact opposite instead. It was also perfect timing too cause I bought the fukin call at the highest point. Once the purchase went through the shit dropped immediately.
As long as we keep enough in the fund to stay solvent.
Thanks for pointing out...i have 16.50C but didn’t see that.  Was it for like a minute!?
You’re so fucked.
Yesterday I went all in on 11/13 spy 350p. Before 3pm I was up 250%. Sold on open today -50% lost half my portfolio
How do you know if life is throwing blessings or tests at you? Anyone have ideas
y tf is NIO suddenly dead idgi
ENE I hear there a cutting edge energy company about to blow up
Buscemi
I bought May 50 today at the bottom and am up 12%.  Why no further than December?
[deleted]
Did that today at market close ;)
They're not. However when you go in the back for a lapdance there's a giant glass barricade so you can't touch anymore lol

Source: me
big data. government. cia. peter thiel. silicon valley, anal-litics

Interested now?
Days like this that make me glad I’m holding st*ck and not weeklies.
Broke ppl are not allowed into casino!
FAKE ban mods
I'm not on mobile.. I'll make an account and play you when I can, saw you posting this shit last night haha
Citron also shorted PTON at $30 🤡. NIO will be back
Worst run, trash fast food place. Burger King or MCD?
What expiry you thinking?
You should spend 1000 and get a nicer one
How did you get to that point? Feels so far way to me :(
I've found the Slack desktop application to crash and lag so much more than Teams, and i feel like Teams is great for collaborating on documents and actually completing projects rather than just communication
JD THE FUCKING MOON!  95c 1/15/21 135c 6/18/21
They're def not flashy. But tbh the best pretentious power moves are when someone unsuspectingly asks you where you got your shoes from and you get to tell them Gucci.
Do I believe in the vaccine? No. But I believe others believe, so calls it is. Let’s pump
I'm 31. I don't know how many women I've hooked up with I stopped counting. Casual sex is awesome, and fucking a 10/10 gives you a thrill for a few days. But honestly I'm ready to settle down. I want that family life and after just fucking up a few potential relationships I regret being so carefree and hurting a lot of women.

You're young so go out and rage, but eventually you might want something more. Or maybe not I'm still a retard like other people here too what the fuck do I know.
Right, leaps and hold through many earnings.
What could possibly go wrong?
y'all gotta stop with the wake n bake
I feel like it’s human nature to want to build dynasties, and most people are more concerned with leaving their family with wealth than spending it on things that won’t bring them happiness anyways.
Absolutely yes. We spend so much time sleeping.  $700 isn’t even that expensive. Is it a memory foam?
I agree, it isn’t the BEST course to take. But since it is happening, the purchase of $1 billion in shares is bullish. That alone deserves a slight pump.
Lol perfect
Oh damn so I'm rich?! Oh btw 50k CAD, so that's almost 40k USD. People need to cut their bs spending and stop going to school for a useless degree. According to  a CNBC survey, majority of Americans couldn't handle a $1000 emergency.... I don't think the numbers would be any better here in Canada :)
It's holiday season, in other words Apple's mooning season.
[deleted]
Anyone else like to yolo on shares? Aim for 100% returns and then compound.. repeat.
That WYNN put is going to curse the rest of your calls.
11/27 expiry. Let it ride baby!!!!
u/TappyDev that FCX play was fire my guy, did u ever roll over ur Sep/Oct callls? Its the gift that keeps on giving.
[deleted]
Purple
One of you crayon eating retards look at IBM and EBAY chart and tell me if you see what I’m seeing.
This game is rated. Guests are not allowed to join rated games. If you want to join this game, please login.
Fuck i just checked and they already own 23% of the market you stupid fuck
Printing money with them puts
Only if it’s PRPL
Apparently, Soros management fund also just added more than 18 million shares. It’s all good news I guess

https://fintel.io/i/soros-fund-management-llc
Agree. The sector rotation out of tech was a lie.
I don’t think it’s done either citrons valuations never have a lasting impact and ER has hype behind it. I’m pissed I sold looking to buy back in on Monday to ride the wave Tuesday
You know that devil on your shoulder?  His name is Theta.
I’d hit up the strip club but strippers wearing masks is kind of weird. And if they aren’t wearing masks then they can fuck off
Go to Amsterdam and bang some hookers it’s way cheaper than getting married
Doesnt know that stocks go up.
Is it true Citron doesn’t like NIOKLA?
Those who made money shut the hell up, those who didn't shut the hell up.
"Its my money john...".
I fucking love this sub hahaha
👏🏼
Up to 3500 baby
How come?
[deleted]
Seems a little cheap for a mattress, is it a queen?
\#3
>biggest EV company in China

lmao you exactly just proved my point
11/27 Walmart 155c
Robinhood is fantasy football for people who don't give a fuck about sports
Yea when he said think or swim, i know the have stop/limits. 
Sucks to be holding the bag on a friday but that's the game.
She’s gonna 100% be a majority shareholder in Robinhood when it goes public
How kids learned business before 2020: 

Sell lemonade and girl scout cookies

&#x200B;

How kids will learn business after 2020: 

Sell lemonade at home

Write apps that deliver lemonade and go public via SPAC

Short the other kid's failing lemonade stand

Announce you are switching to pharmaceuticals and get bankrolled by the government

Say you are developing electric lemonade carts and wake up a millionaire
It might run up until Tuesday for earnings. For the love of god do not hold through earnings on a EV company worth more than Ford that’s not Tesla
God dammit buying BA puts was a terrible idea mid day hopefully it tanks Monday
Doubt it. I think I'm going ecbox
They’re not going to print any time soon and the stock would need to go up 30% to meet your price, so ehhh? 

But what do I know; I take advice from the clowns here.
How are the premiums so high? Even for puts they feel pretty large.
Because the apocalypse is priced in, no one gives a fuck anymore. This is peak disaster  capitalism and we are the disaster.
24.5c 12/4 SPCE to the moon babyyyy
100%. I’m long AAPL shares and bought a ton of $120 calls thinking the market would reward this chip release...apparently nobody gives a shit this week though haha
....what color is it
Nah, we will pay for that shit one way or another. Even if they run up national debt it will have ripple effect in economy
When you say ‘ Clients ‘, you mean other companies correct?
Those are nice, I may get a pair of those as well as sneakers if they’re ‘only’ $600.
Yeah but zero fucks given at my Costco. Also I realize they treat you like cattle similar to CMG.
One of them.
Should I buy a $700 mattress
Looks like its definitely going to shoot up. Or it could go down too.
I'm not talking about the shape. I have an xbox controller too but this is completely different. The rumble and feedback is soooo different (in a good way). The triggers provide force feedback. So when playing call of duty, the triggers tighten up as you press them. Sort of like how your cars steering tightens up at high speeds.
Girlfriend and I are both like that and never will. There are people who feel the same as you, don’t worry.
Marriage is a scam. There’s too many amazing women to enter a legal contract pledging yourself to one for the rest of your life
Thanks for your useless post in a gambling sub 🤔
Sure, but the question is whether or not the buyback is the best way to return to investors. They have a unique position where they have tons of cash, that won’t last forever as refinancing will drop once interest rates rise again in a few years. IMO they should be acquiring businesses that fit well in their portfolio. Share buy backs are lame.
New England IPA’s or gross ones?
Under no circumstances should anyone watch that movie ever
“Essential” business
You forgot the most important one: vaccine positivity
It's a japan thing
I'm not eating it.
LOL. I actually sold my NIO at open thankfully after seeing the renewed attack on China and the Citron anti-pump. Did ok though up until today but didn't have the balls to put.
CHWY, always CHWY.
So if it goes to 65 next week will you make a happy version?
 debating dumping 1/3 of my life savings into NIO call options first thing Monday morning :)
Don’t tell me what to do
Very interesting. Although I believe that it wont be a slow grind. I think theres gonna be one big catalyst (Ive heard rumors of auto loans) that will finally make it pop.
get off mobile
I'll give you the advice I give everyone 25 and under, male or female. 

No kids till you're 30, and never marry.

Marriage is an outdated institution about property transfer.
the more interesting name on the list is tdoc.... hmmmmmmm
Spoken like a true virgin.
Mandatory masks as of yesterday (change from medical exceptions allowed) -- having their customers die is bad for business
Life looks a lot different in 40s than it did at 19.  Definitely wouldn't rush to marry though until got your life set up.
Atleast I can write off my losses for my taxes
Requires the Vegas mayor to actually enforce anything
[deleted]
Got a little tipsy off of some rye whiskey but that's about it. About to play some AC: Valhalla and chill. Not worried about NIO.
1-0

[https://chess.org/play/95ba910d-a7be-4fa9-8c42-cfcce39c8162](https://chess.org/play/95ba910d-a7be-4fa9-8c42-cfcce39c8162) (doesnt work on mobile)

GG
trake with 25k bruh
Unloaded my EVs 30 min into today and then bought NIO at 41 late in the day. Locked in some nice gains. We’ll see what happens next week. I finally won one.
So... no to the Skechers then? 🤑
I speak Jive
Classic DD doing TA on google.
I agree. We can start a cheap chicken Sunday deal. We will call it Jesus chicken day. He is risen.
You do that while I pick out the color lambo I want
They are more than the three wheel smart car. Currently they advertise the eroadster and tofino. All three of which are electric. Once they expand out of Canada, I think those will attract some serious buyers.
It takes you six months to make 4k? That’s less than minimum wage at Wendy’s.
What? Teams is such a mess
Ban
Bi-weekly refresher for why the market won't tank and why your puts are fucked:

1. People are **desensitized** to Covid news. It's just not that bad for market sentiment.
2. We have multiple quarters of **strong earnings** in tech (large portion of indexes) and other sectors in a Covid world.
3. Market is **forward looking**. Therapeutics are here, vaccine is coming, uncertainty is dwindling.
4. **Fed** is committed to propping up the market indefinitely.
5. **0% interest rates** for foreseeable future.
You must not realize that certain places require a certain number of staff. Temp agencies must be rolling in it now.
My dad is a self made millionaire, probably spends $100k per year. He wears shirts until they have holes in them. His most expensive purchases are guitars and a “new” used car every few years after he gets bored of his current one. He says he doesn’t think he’s rich, but he earns more than like 99% of people so it’s sort of comical as I sit here staring at my student loan debt that gets larger each year
[deleted]
Mandy- Nicolas Cage movie
Yeah but there are 1.5 million special people in WSB. The market is closed so now we’re speculating on whether people are tax accountants or rich or actual cuckolds.
You got a savings account giving you 5%?
I use one on a daily basis. It literally has the most valuable information you can access. Hard to figure it out but if you do you’re set
Jersey Mike’s subs
They’re the biggest EV company in China and China has more people than America and tesla is worth a lot so 2+2=7 hop in the NIO 🚀
For sure, the dot com bubble took about two years before it bottomed out and I don’t think their will be any significant moves until 2021.
Ups and downs in this world. Take theta gains and buy rarrri, then yolo the rest, fuck it you have shiny car.
👀 Rip
white new balances to accentuate your autism
What do you mean?
You finally understand what Xbox players have felt for ages
it will get better, just keep your head up and don't get into a funk...for real man, try and stay positive...I promise it will get better...
I actually just shorted it with SRTY
U.S. is down on overall deaths this year.
Couldn’t be more of a retarded answer but this is right sub of that
I did. Next week will probably be pretty good, and once they get FAA approval there will probably be an absolutely retarded run up back to ATH
Sister brother, sister
Last I checked it’s only the 13th, plenty of time...
Nah, I want the opinions of my fellow autists, not ‘those’ people. Thanks for your useless comment tho
[deleted]
giuseppe zanotti’s
Drunk off IPOs??? Sweeeet
Something about data
Gave up being a gay bear and hoping these Spy 370c lottos print next Monday. Probably going to gap down knowing my luck. Need some good tickers to play next week with 800. Any suggestions?
[deleted]
In 2030 FAANG will be worth much more than a trillion market cap. You’re comparing NIO 10 years from now to Apple market cap of today.

Nobody thought FAANG would ever hit a trillion 10 years ago, let alone 100B.
I’ll see what it does Monday
Yes to both

Earnings CSIQ next week, anticipate a run up.
how probable is that?
Is the profit for me 😬👉👈
So Tech just gonna keep ripping huh
[deleted]
Then you should learn about selling puts.
I'm still up bigly on NIO after buying the peak 4 times. This shit ain't done.
I thought NIO was the dude from the Matrix.
I told you guys yesterday that NIO Gang will get wiped out soon like TSLA gang. You should have listen to me instead of your wife's boss.
How do I play u phag
IV crush is real.  YOLO’d pltr calls expiring today and still lost 50% on them lol
Would have been nice to have it before today
Sir, this is a casino.
[deleted]
Just buy ARKK and sell covered calls every week.
I remember seeing a clip of Warren buffet going thru a McDonald's drive thru in his expensive BMW and asking for discounts and he has coupons when he is the ~4th richest man! Bro just buy the McDonald's already!
I just wish i didn't start using them in september.. been hell since
Bought 10 shares today for fun after dumping it when I got spooked by Burry selling some of Scion's positions. Made a decent chunk of change on it.

At this point I solely want it to do well for that one yolo guy who posts here to hit 10 mil
I’d love to read what ranks 5-10 out of 10 for you.
Me rn tho
I said this wasn’t the place but I second this.
You have money to blow on freezing water? Look at Mr Moneybags over here.
My stomach curdles at the thought.
IPOs aren’t just for raising capital (as you probably know). They also give liquidity to early investors and employees.
I agree. I thought you might've went big on a SPY put position trying to cash in a crash. I was just saying it's easier to capture a trend with an individual underlying than an index like SPY these days. For all intents and purposes there were several moments in the last two weeks where it should've declined but didn't. I agree we'll see a downtrend to 320, but from what I'm seeing it looks like it's more probable we'll see that drop in Jan or February. Or who knows, you could be right,, could be next month.
[deleted]
Top companies that give zero fucks about COVID? I think Costco deserves some recognition! They’re stuffing as many people as possible in their stores.
nah.... i got 10k on spy 400 1/2021.... 12% up from here....balls in a clamp for the holidays
Then don’t get married my dude lol do what makes you happy!
Any advice on screening for stoopid runups before they happen?
nope that's a good one to lose on. youll fit in here
I mostly sell put credits on stocks that, IMO, are kinda battered. Or I do 1-2 week directional SPY debits that I leg out of when I think the intraday momentum will favor my play

I get fucked way too often chasing lol. But I like the suggestion. I'd have made bank chasing say TTD, CRM, XPEV etc.
Yeah, my leaps are just sitting there. Hoping for good 12 sales over the holiday. Not losing at least and I can dump these for a better play.
Your bank account should be when robocop hits him with the car and his body explodes.
No
Oh yeahhh 🚀
All of these people gave terrible suggestions that are way too serious/depressing/trippy not in a fun way. 

Watch Fritz The Cat.
Isn't there some kind of stock market correlation with the McRib?
You would let someone vallet your Lamborghini ?
[deleted]
its gonna gain traction prolly
Gay stop please
Actually yes! You could say the Black Death helped to lead Europe toward the renaissance. Funny how that works.
should I go all in on pltr w my portfolio
All those dudes are
Living under a bridge somewhere pan handling for cigarettes
I thought they made batteries until a day ago.
Damn I usually stop when the chicken is all gone but all that flavor!
Don't get married
Just have ur gf marry her bf.
[deleted]
Drake is a dumpster.
[removed]
I’m pretty sure I’m never getting married. I don’t want kids either, so no reason to commit.
[deleted]
Stonks
Nice this is exactly what i was thinking
This is the way.
Would recommend
Definetly not, Cool phones but shit stock lmfao
cheers, to burned calls
Damn what was the peak?
NIO holders taking a jab at Citron yet they probably don't even know jackshit about NIO other than it being a Chinese EV company.
Guess direction of solar companies and day trade. They have 5-10% swings daily.
This isn’t the place. Plenty of groups that deal with shoes.
Can I get this in writing ?
Promise I'm not lol
SOL
[deleted]
NIOs got a week left
I'll be real with you chief, I think it's gonna go to 100 by mid December
Heavy Metal. The one from 1978.
Both are winners
because volatility is an expression of the speed of time itself.
No Marijuana stocks in your portfolio? It’s the birth of a new industry
cathie woods has been loading her boat with slack at each and  every dip,which is almost everyday 😂. maybe she knows something we retards dont
Do not watch blue velvet on acid the first time you do it, wtf
Yes, but only after going downhill....
Don't get why people push this company. Have you guys seen their cars? You think Americans will buy this? Smart cars have existed for ages but no one wants them because they're tiny as shit. Don't really see what SOLO is doing that will make the car for ants approach more attractive.
Yes I bought NIO at the top today. Yes I know I am an idiot. Yes I’m getting drunk off IPAs to dull the pain. Join me retards!!
What’s the discord name?
Let’s go Li and NIO gang 📈🗣✅
Gucci drivers. Comfy, can be dressed up or down, and they'll last you for decades if you treat them right. The leather will form to your feet so goddamn perfectly after a few weeks of regular wear. Just get ready to be a little paranoid now that you're walking on $600 wherever you go.
VIRGIL AJ1s
It’s has 2 billion dollars worth of pre orders it’s true. You look at a stupid little car and think no way but you’re not thinking about who they’re targeting. It’s cheap, it’s small, and a lot of people want it
IIRC 70 million subs already, definitely not bad
I guess I'm baffled that recovery can happen just by dangling a stimulus bill. If anything the position is worse now than it was before. However the low volume on SPY after the massive dump at ATH makes me feel like a lot of retail is holding bags. The sad but true adage: "The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent"
I wholeheartedly disagree that slack is a much better product than teams tbh
Holy shit i hope youre joking
tsn - jus sayin
PLTR calls at 18 and 20.5 11/20. Either gonna hit?
Legalize it, tax it, maintain health standards and check visas. That's what they do where I live and it's not an issue at all.
Definitely this. FAA approval in a week will trigger an absolutely retarded run up.
McRib returns December 2nd

Don't even tell me you aren't eating that shit. Idc about your "it's not that good" fake news. You're eating it.
its either gonna be the next retard strength tesla or a pump n dump. which one it is, only time will tell.
I bought 3 shares at 44 to satisfy my FOMO, not touching options on this one
His Twitter handle is literally cokedupoptions, I don’t think it’s a real guy lmao. Unless I just got wooshed
Teams is pure Microsoft bloat.   That shit loves going zombie and eating up all your memory.
I mean Tesla lol that went up more
You must be right. The article is from 2018, forget about the 2 bil. Its around 67k now. But still buy the hype 🛫
Am I the only one who **really** dreads getting married? I mean I'm 19 but ugh just the thought of it sucks. The ceremony and everything. And 50% end in a divorce anyways.
If you intend to sell then all the best mate hope it does goes lower and not continue mooning and never look back. 

Just a friendly advice, despite having an 8% run today, it may still very well shoot above 16 at the start of the day and never dip back to 16 again. I've personally miss out on the opportunity (not FOMO on NIO or something) of buying 3 diff stocks at a price I thought they will fall back to after 3 days bull run. They've never returned to the price I hope even after hoping for weeks and I am disappointed since. 

Although statistically speaking they will probably drop, but a friendly caution is not to let small potential gains cloud out the bigger picture. Cheers.
Bought my first options today. PLTR 01/15 21c. Too high?
PLTR obviously. It survived its first ER and went up.
Not sure what you’re getting at here. SPY up 16% on the year after getting juiced to the gills. That’s baby gains compared to what stocks have done this year.
[removed]
Li
Sub is going to shit
better than sex
Working from home anyways for the past nine months, used to travel a lot. Now it's all phone and video calls, very different.
Its a tech-driven mortgage originator. It’s huge revenue this quarter can be partially attested to the fact that interest rates are near 0% rn, making refinancing lucrative. So, mortgage loans.
Thanks brother.
Sweet Jesus. Thats one of my favorite movies,  but not while fucking tripping
Don’t answer when the credit card company calls.
I need a new pair of shoes and have made a boat load of tendies this week, so I’m thinking something expensive and douchey but also not retarded like resells. I’m looking at maybe some Margiela or Balenciaga type shit. But I want people to KNOW that there’s $1000+ on my feet. Any suggestions?
Black Tuesday.
I agree it’s definitely an extension of the expression of other properties but why specifically speed and time?
Yes
Alright boys I need some new plays. A 10 bagger for each day of the week should get me back on top
Blockbuster
One of my favorites. The book was amazing. Movie was criminally overlooked at the box office
[deleted]
I’ll tell you Sunday night. Way too much time between now and then
Laughed way too hard at this. Actual audible laughter.  I know, my upvote was sufficient, but I want Fratbull67 to let us know how it pans out for him
So he tells you what to do?
Waking Life
It’s gonna be a death trap.
I threw it in my "meme stock" watch-list; can probably make some money off it on it's way up to certain doom.  The thing to think about these types of vehicles is who's going to use them, where are they going to use them, and can they pass state safety standards (classify as car or motorcycle?).  I know they have some car designs as well but if they haven't gotten the 3-wheeler out yet, clearly 4 is (at least) one too many.
Just so you and everyone on this sub know, Nio has international offices. In Oxford they have their formula E team which does automotive research. In San Jose, California, they have an office doing advanced research, probably self driving technology. They're not shooting in the dark.
HCAC
MSOS
Lmao I've watched the whole thing sober but havent thought of it in months. Definitely considering now that you mention bed it
Rise.
Illuminati confirmed.
Great plays ListerineInMyPeehole!
They’re damn near bankrupt, more lockdowns would be really bad for them, I’m a bit worried about vaccine news but we’ll see what happens
It’s a shame that Slack gets alpha’d in their demographic by Microsoft, it’s a much better product than Teams IMO.
Next Wednesday he's banging your wife.
Sell to open.
Sooner would a camel pass through the eye of a needle than a retard like you own a share of Chik Fil A
Are you day trading? We are back at what we were at like two days ago, seems like a pretty tight stop loss.
Pop and stay
When I play small amounts I'm green, when i play big I'm red
[deleted]
Thankfully I’m YOLO with the rest on a spec stock.  I truly belong here 😂
Nah hah i'm a millenial, just googled them. been a while
Li
To be fair if you have even 5 grand in your bank account at 21 years old your easily in the top 5% for that age. Hell you’re probably in the top 40% of Americans.
GRWG
I get the abstraction of speed and time but just can’t see how it relates to options in a fundamental way. I’ve personally always thought of volatility to be loosely dependent upon very large group psychology and the inherent chaos of large systems. Then again I probably don’t understand your idea as well as you’d hope
Data integration and software solutions
Friendship ended with NIO. PLTR is my new best friend
They are responsible for tracking your every movement. After much deliberation, I decided I’m morally against investing in them. If you want a buy-and-hold immoral stock, look into GEO. It’s private prisons that give 20% dividends.
wild. completely different gaming experience. Going to take some time to get use to it but its a gamechanger (pun intended)
But then you’d have less.......

..options.
Just watch the midnight gospel on Netflix it was literally made for tripping
I’d say buy for long term. People here will probably meme it though.
Didn’t 🥭👶🏼  say he’s banning 31 Chinese stocks?
I don't want them to worry. Have said that cash is tight and asked them to respect that. I'm hoping to keep it to myself until I find something but yeah, it's pretty hard to not be able to talk to anyone about it. I'm the sole earner for a family of five with two kids in college, the pressure is on 24/7.
Waking Life
Huh?
amazing
"SPCE!"
>got confused/bored after like 30 seconds

folks, WSB
If you have young kids it’s amazing and madelorian is back.
I will accumulate shares just to eventually be a part of history when we make them open that shit on sunday
Lol
[deleted]
This spam make me sad
This dude cares about recycling.
WSB used to be a sub for degenerate gambling though, not holding shares for years. I want gain and loss porn, not "my shares lost 10%, should I sell?"
Between this and the McRib I’m getting heart disease EOW
[deleted]
What about them?
Get the fuck off this subreddit you’re so smart you don’t belong here
NIO ain’t done
They didn’t pay Q2 dividends because of stock and started back at .05/per share. This quarter is expected to be .06/share but I’m hoping in Q2 2021 they’re back to .015/share
KCAC TO 100%+ !!!
try doing a little google research and decide for yourself rather than asking WSB which clearly are not manipulative at all
im sitting in 1 room and 4 rooms smell like skunk with whiskey shits. it made its way upstairs and turned a corner.
Sold nio calls in the morning that I swung day traded puts have a nice weekend boys
[deleted]
volatility isn't a "thing" in and of itself. it's an extension of 2 other properties being expressed.
I’ve been wanting to play it but I’ve just been snorting lines of pure NIO. Maybe next week
I stretch it out that far the loss is $8700.  A single negative setback on the vaccine front when there are 200k cases a day and the house of cards comes down, I’m holding my -90% positions but it doesn’t look good.
I was expecting a part where a character named "earnings" comes in and fucks them up.
I feel like even for Musk, the 1k shirt is pointless to buy, no shirt has that kind of value so there isn't any point in him buying it. Now if he wanted to buy [this shit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dlzdZlbq2Q) \- it might be fun to own one, and even this isn't 1k.
I'm theta gang, and I have a good chunk of rkt assigned from their last er. I'm past my break even with premium collected but well under my assigned price (those Sept premiums were great) and I'm just going to continue collecting absolute shit premium every week by selling above my assigned price cause I really think this shit has to go up. When I'm doing a nio or dkng or whatever other potential growth stock or meme stock with higher risk I'll sell and wheel safer, even if I get assigned on the call if it takes off (sold 800 shares of nio at 19), but this shit will go up and I'm content to sit on my shares with my shit covered call premium cause on the off chance they rocket up I wanna hold this, though I expect a slow grind up
nice!!!!!   im up only 5k but i did sell half... no strings attached now... letting er ride
The real problem is that the spreads are ridiculously wide
Same same
Me waiting in the sidelines for a tesla like crash... To swop up all the panic sellers
Have never done it, but first time for everything
my gf's bf said he'd boil some hot dogs for us. there's 3 of us and only 2 hot dogs, but he said i could have some of the water from the pot
Because you can lose everything in options lol.
PLTR ?
[deleted]
Tesla pops Monday morning then fade to negative or we straight drilling?
Buy OSTK instead
Isn’t that just showing that the stock value went down by $19,312 (99%) per share?
SPCE
recovery of tech stonks duh

SPY 1 million
No.
Bigly
NIO
They called the top, i aint even mad
Hope so!
7/10 for the story. 4/10 for execution.
Well, if you were paying attention as of this morning, the $50 NIO put was $0.50 and then it peaked at about $7.

I had my finger on the button and walked away from it.
Even less after that run up eod
[deleted]
Forgot what sub I was in.
So what did you eat? I had cottage pie.
I’m holding 12/18 105c
Truth
Investigated and sanctioned multiple times for  securities fraud too. This is pretty much just market manipulation. Wish I had that kind of clout that I can post some garbage DD that doesn't meet the word count requirements of a 9th grade English paper and make stocks move in the direction of my positions.
Just sell for a loss now so it’s not a bigger loss later
TSM long, everyone will be fighting for their chip foundries for the next 20 years at this rate.
anybody else holding AMWL ?

GUH
[deleted]
Blood Red ded
Sold at 51

Waited all day with my finger hanging above the buy puts button... didnt pull the trigger
How about SOL
About to enjoy my margin call in the Caribbean.
Theta gang
watch Airplane!, they couldn't get away with any of those jokes today
AMZN up 4% then drills to earths core
[removed]
Hm, maybe
After he lost 19k..
APD
you must be a Gen-Z
What’s the word on Disney+? How are they doing with subscribers
FSR
Aren’t they the ones who don’t serve chicken on Sundays because God appreciates it
Buy
SOLO is butt
It dropped the other day on no news and dropped today on some guys published opinion piece. My crystal ball says maybe  it drops a little more but no way this thing isn’t going up long term.
What does PLTR even do? I tried reading about them and got confused/bored after like 30 seconds
Bought them 0 day hour expiring calls, 105% return in 19 min God bless pussy short sellers covering before the weekend
[deleted]
Nio
This is the way
QA tester for a consulting or QA contracting company. Not as high bar to get in as getting in as QA for a big tech company
Is PLTR an actual buy or just a meme stock?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** (in) or (sider) information

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtsjnt
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtsjnt) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/im_life_less, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Drwhalefart
theoriginofstorms
WSB2Moon
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Yo same as soon I signed I got a FB invite from some bot wtf??
In Korea: the lose lines are blue and the red lines are gainz   
  
Tl;dr: Apple is North Korea
I wish I never found out about options.
BAC
Natural Born Killers is trippy af. I don't even remember what happened because I was just so intrigued by the visuals.
I believe those are the colors of ups and downs in Asia. Maybe made by asian and designed in California?!?
Yes, but it will be running up because of vaccine distributions.
I got my 11/20 25c's after earnings. still here hding atrong
It's about right for a chinese company
Not for a while
I'm seen DD posts on here that more substance. Might as well just tweet "NIO stock price too high IMO" and leave it at that.
SPCE it’s space tourism and they have a flight next week I’m all in

Gave the wife 10 dozen roses i found at the dump today.

currently jelqed to the tits.

JWN 17.5c 1/21
Its pretty much guaranteed to hit 50 at some point before ER.
NETE
tempting,, but that really depends on whether we break ATH's or not.. looking bullish
LI and NIO went from being down $1.30  to only being down about 60. I think we'll see a big run up this week
https://twitter.com/AP/status/1327405804794896385?s=19
[deleted]
Do Tren and hit two birds with one stone.
$24?
Is it hard being retarded or do you not realized how much of a mouth breather you are
Bullish
Fuck yeah! Here’s a list of my go to’s 

Off the air on YouTube - samsara - Spiderverse - Lego Movie - Cloudy with a chance of meatballs - the lighthouse - Mulholland Drive - 2001 - Apocalypse Now - Blue Velvet - Fear and Loathing - Planet Earth - Tim and Eric - Dude where’s my car - Alice in wonderland - Life of Pi - Bladerunner 2049 - Grand Budapest Hotel
Priced in
Solo
It's going to moon after earnings. We've been talking about this all month. What is it with these buffoons thinking their puts are finally going to print? Have you even taken a look at the options Volume? Bulls are owning this thing. Only the smaller ( and dumber) bears are buying puts ( which are going to get obliterated).
Please google the company and see what it looks like. No way it has many preorders
I’m coming down next month to take you to Disney world cuz you’re such a good boy
[deleted]
Link?
Fine, Sicario
you hate to like China
Just a buying opportunity before a blow out earnings week and a bunch of FOMO induced face ripping
Get back in NIO
TSLA ranged between 280 and 420 for like 3.5 years I wouldn’t call that parabolic lol
God speed.
They’ll certainly never pay dividends. The money will only flow one way.
Just close your eyes retard
Nope, casinos have had outbreaks and they burried it. We still havent seen the video from the mandalay shooter lol
Likely tomorrow (Sat), the contracts will settle.  You should see your account purchasing 600 shares at 3100 and selling 600 shares at 3105.
Sooo. NIOs done. What’s next weeks meme stock?
the tsla hype died the moment Elon tweeted the infamous tweet the day before Battery day
Sold at the same time and bought puts, made like 3 kids meal.
Already has a $20B plus mkt cap
Yeah it’s a blessing for one handed typing
no idea what those are / cant find them
Hahah lol. From 40$ to bankrupt. But solo isnt just the 3 wheel car. Im gonna keep an eye on it for sure
Damnit, sorry can’t spell today... still getting over the nio dump and can’t believe I fell for it
How is it horseshit? Have u looked at their financials?
Check behind Wendys
[removed]
I mean....I would brag about having sex with a stripper
Go in the woods, fuck a movie
Very promising stock, but has -14million$ debt
Daddy is giving out free spankings

[https://chess.org/play/356c9850-f076-4f5f-ac6f-dd0b5da1fb61](https://chess.org/play/356c9850-f076-4f5f-ac6f-dd0b5da1fb61)
🔮🔮🔮
I did the 31C for 12/18 but there should be a good run up after their manned flight next week.
I think that's a dude.
Guys I’ve got some solid DD

Mods are gay
They always moon when they have a flight test, and rumor is their CEO will be on this one.
I’m glad they did it
Spider man into the spider verse
YouTube fractals. You’re welcome. You didn’t do it right to begin with but fractals will save you.
At least most are just stupid ass jokes people like repeating, not pushing futures on people who don’t give a shit and didn’t ask about it. Over, and over, and over, and over
I looked it was a dollar
I had some 123 yesterday. Doubled down on some 140 today.
the market has chronic whiplash as BRRR fights against an economy and government that are crumbling

you have to be a total degenerate to play more than a sprinkling of options 😆
I think most people don't get enough opportunity to fully experience leisure, so they don't quite understand its nature. Leisure, eventually, becomes boring. You run out of things to do. Rest feels much better after exercise, and can even hurt if you're just laying there too long. Being productive, in moderation, is a natural pursuit that is difficult to resist over long periods.
There has to be a correction, but trying to time it is futile IMO. It’s gonna keep going up until it doesn’t, and it’s likely to come out of nowhere when it finally does crash. My strategy is to ride the wave and take profits as I go, so as to not get caught with my dick in my hand when the music stops.
Well this worked out pretty well. Too bad I hadn’t built the position up much
honestly? 48-50 eod
Prostiution is legal in America, you just have to say its a porn shoot, and viola.
I did just this... 11/27 355p.  All in.  Just before that power hour runnup.  

Inverse me and you'll make bank.
Oh maybe idk how to read
https://mobile.twitter.com/PalantirTech/status/1325854260337242112?s=20

If ur not in pltr you👏hate👏money👏 😎💪
$25
How’s the PS5 controller y’all?
Lmao. Best comment in this thread. But don't forget about the LEDs.
$25 which is horseshit
they're in mid December..
Just one, nothing too hard for the first time
There were some retards here yesterday saying Palantir was a “pump and dump” because it went down after earnings 😂😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
That's just cruel.
I’m going to parlay into more calls Monday got a few today.
Not a soul
SOLO
What's the strike price I don't feel like doing math right now
They're eventually going to pick a true fraud company once in a while.  
If the company has hype, then it is primed for an attack.

I'd chalk it up to coincidence more than anything.
NV gov tests positive for corona. He did say earlier more positive cases means strict controls. Casino and gambling stocks move next week?
[deleted]
Don't listen to this fool he doesn't even know what day it is
You have autism
Hitting $60+ for sure
"Raman"
Short term it looks promising for sure. We will see what it does once it his $20
What’s there to be anxious about? They’re all going to expire worthless on Monday, that’s a given.
[deleted]
The kind of DD we need
I’m a boomer and I approve this message!
Well, some retards like me buy calls on days like today, at the top.
He had $185 invested
Stalker by Tarkovsky if your gonna be on acid. Shit is boring otherwise, but on acid its something else
Japan still hasn't recovered from their crash 30 years ago
UUP tanked spy 400 next week
4 for 4 meals
God speed psyconaught. How many tabs?
Did citron give nio a price target? Or did they just say “it’s too high IMO”
Also think PLTR leaps or monthly calls OTM are free money forever.
She waiting for corona to end
I hope 50, I’m just tryna set the bar high lol... u got snap? Let’s make a NIO chat maz-nk
Ughhhh but then I’m having drinks and relaxing
Fantasia lol.
I'm holding cause of the potential to rise after the dust settles. There's a lot of buzz surrounding its rise and im going with it. its your choice if you wanna do the same
How do you know you guys are mooning?
Definitely watch the Yamborghini High by ASAP Rocky music video on YouTube, shit’s a whole trip
Cloud Atlas
Way too depressing for first trip imo.
Once analysists pick up on what these guys can actually do in a consulting role with their software it's gonna go mad.
Sold and took profits on NIO.. What stocks are you guys eyeing that could be the next NIO-like meme stock that we can ride up?
[deleted]
But Solo sucks...
Moderna news will stop it
In N-ion Musk we trust
[deleted]
Hahaha I got a beat on cantlay! Hopefully he stays hot! 

But yeah tiger shot pretty well last I saw!
If anyone cares im binge watching that airline show and there was a dude who was mad about them searching his bags and he said well I work for a congressman and do I look like (insert ethnic group here).

If that happened in 2020 twitter would have a field day. I wonder if anyone even batted an eye in 2004. Talk about a different era.
I was thinking 50 but your prediction works too
After selling calls near the very top,waited for the dip to write 5X 1218 28p for 125 bucks a pop due to crazy IV. dont mind getting assigned at those prices but will likely not happen
You think solar is gonna have another rally? or specifically this company
Citron sold their shit today. No one gives a fuck about shittron. Nio will rocket on monday
Was hoping for a small pullback after earnings so my puts wouldn’t be completely dead but that is done it seems lol.
I sold at 945. Only made $1K cause I bought shares, and sold fast because I just heard about the company the day before and FOMO’d in.
If your chair doesn't smell like ass, you're not a real trader
FDX going to run up to earnings and smash once again
interstellar, 2001 a space odyssey, bladerunner 2049
It's literally fucking apple lol.  I'm not joking lol.  His portfolio is public information, and he has 90 billion in apple lol.
Anyone get into SPCE before the run up.  Looking for a huge run on Monday
Heads up McNuggies are buy one get one for $1.
Just do it after the market closes like the rest of us
Bro pls do damn research first, don’t just buy calls and puts  blindly. Appl isn’t doing hot rn btw, and you’re going to need better DD. You can’t just hope to double it base on a few play if you don’t know what you’re doing ffs. Save the money first until you find a job
Pink Floyd - The Wall
scanner darkly
Gl to both of us, I still have 10x 44 pits for 20nov!
Requiem for a Dream.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/AssholeThrowAway3694 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
$66
think its safe to pick up some DDOG calls?
No
that is only a small portion of my calls
Shit yesterday must have been tough hah. you got weeklies?
what school is this that's allowing room full of students? Somewhere in texas or florida i presume?
I want it and the mini iPad and that MacBook w 20 hours battery life. To get it? Short aapl
Were you alive in 2000?  Totally different environment.  Still read paper newspapers back then.  Tech wasn't as necessary for society to run.
Looking to turn my $MU calls into $SPCE monthlies Monday after a nice gain 😎
Google elio motors
Better than ever
Dropping acid for the first time tomorrow. Gimme a good movie.
Red
FOMO is worse when you win a little
Never. No tendies for u
I don't know too many rich people because I'm so young. But of the older rich guys I know, they don't spend much on toys. But they do go all out on their home. My friend who's in school has over 50k in his portfolio. That's probably like the top 5 percent for a 21 year old. But he's so cheap he sleeps without heat in the winter lmao. People need to find the middle ground
Yeah, just referring to THOSE with weeklies. Not you
yea, it broke out of a downard channel sort its been in for a while. could retest the highs
Merry Christmas
[deleted]
Not good :(
What does it do specifically? Don't have time to dd at the moment and don't want to forget lol
Not now.
Welcome to the club. The most important thing to know is that even the most successful hedge fund manager doesn’t actually know anything either
Appreciate this because I don’t want to read the emails
Ok hope you are right
Bought in Wednesday, missed the huge jump but it bounced back a bit today
Was reading about solo and saw they have 2 billion pre orders!?? How? And why is this still so cheap?
My BABA prediction is that it will continue to piss me the fuck off.
Sec canceled games? Wdym
Shitcoin was worse. Young people lost everything on those alt coins. Since it was cool and hip, no one listened to financial advice. Many of the alt coins are still at 10% of highs. It was unregulated too unlike stock advice
30k into Robbinhand? Transfer to another broker like TD or Fidelity
[deleted]
CSIQ 41c 11/27
Didn't she buy fsly at $90. Woman's a real bull
 ..Dump it on $TSLA Calls
[removed]
When comparing EV Sales Ratio it’s actually 2x more valued than Tesla. Insane
NIO gang, how we looking on Monday?
He just starts new businesses. He knows he cant spend it.
Damn nibba you don't know how to read? What weeklies are you talking about?
Strike and expiry retard
I’ll drink to that!
So calls on AAPL?
  Could be priced in lol
You responded to someone calling out PLTR for their questionable ethics.  I pointed out that your point of voting for company ethics doesn’t work with them.  Do better.
My measly 2 calls support this.
Nice
Why are most people not taking this as a joke lol
This shit right makes me feels confident about buying in today which usually happens right before I get fucked
[deleted]
Pandemic and plagues also occur more often when a species is over populated. 

Natural Balance occuring
I did see that, been bleeding since then though
Kathy wood just purchased 1MM+ shares of palantir. I got a decent average but I am averaging up on Monday.
😆
It could be red, but it might be green, or maybe it just goes flat.
 Not sure when I tell my family, hate to ruin there holidays but I won't be able to hide it too long. 

Just tell them you work from home at night and then sneak out to work behind the Wendy's dumpster.  They don't need to know.
Uhh I have such a small account, congrats
Wouldnt reccomend holding through ER for those with weeklies
[deleted]
Pain
Catch that little NIO pump last couple minutes of AH? Hmmmmmm 🤔
Today?
Grabbed 8k shares and 15 calls Monday
Im holding shares at 12.90 rn, sold a couple of calls this week on it it too. The chart looked pretty solid today after a big gap up too.
Got the new iphone 12 pro max so I can see myself lose 90% of my portfolio in a bigger screen come Monday
trash music
Green
I sold at 25 and regretted so much that I bought in yesterday. I got greedy and left it thinking it’d keep going up because if earnings hype but citron fucked me. Basically lost all the gains I made off it originally. But I might buy back in on Monday
What happened to legends such as TQQQBurry and Variation Separate man,
a $1200 stock guaranteed to give you the shits
I was thinking up to 50
I've been going back and forth on calls intermittently since the mid forties. Very bullish.
When is Chick Fil A going public? Calls on that shit all day.
Last time tech underperformed vs SPX was during the dot com bubble

Thoughts?
I can not. Full send brother.
Bought a single scratcher for 11/18 lol. 350p
No dd, you're just spewing shit out of your mouth.
Yes I’ve actually done pretty well the last few months until today
There's an old quote from an anonymous being that goes "Those who say money can't buy happiness, simply don't know how to spend it". Coming from a not so endowed beggings, I can say that I'd really rather feel sad in my Mercedes and go home to a comfy bed, than be sad, stressed, and depressed and hungry on a sidewalk (which I felt first hand).
I don't know what has changed since September 3rd, but supposedly we're doing much better now
Currently eating a KFC bucket 🤤
From the purple briefs I would have thought that was a gay bear
whats the census on monday so far? red or green?
That’s $1.125M. Damn. My condolences.
[removed]
I have half of my portfolio in NIO otm calls which I bought at around 47.5. Wish me luck
Easiest money of your life
High school was fun.
Long PLTR
I did that with SPG, feel like retail gonna come back hard if vaccine talks still go well
How are you still in puts then? Lol
Amazing how many times this sub flips bullish to bearish over a weekend - what’s the current sentiment bearish since sec canceled games? I can’t keep up
LSD
my heart sank when you said you weren't sure when to tell your family, fuck man, im sorry...
Oh hey
Haha I like you, you dick.
He’s just a WSB boi. Don’t hate.
Oh don't worry the only other thing I learned frost this sub is to do the complete fucking opposite of what y'all say. That way their is a chance my money will stay consistent instead of going down
My contract ends in 2023, I'm holding lol
ENE OR ENRN
Yes 49 avg cost basis
It’s called daddy’s money
Continuing my POST shilling, no DD other than Americans are fat and everybody be snacking. Earnings Thursday afternoon, here's to betting on obesity 🍻
Zero positions, baby. Because I went green mode today.
Can’t wait til Sunday when I have to do all of the work I pretended to do this week
If you are buying tea calls right now you are a redneck
So how many of you Chinese ev gang guys took profit at open
I had 30k shares at $1.50 average price, and sold for $2... Thanks for reminding me of my retarded mistake
This is why pandemic feels like a strong word, if 1/3 of the population isn’t dead and there aren’t any zombies it should just be called a health crisis IMO
Nio is worth more than 2-3 bucks but 44 no way
If you think about it, to be a successful day trader all you gotta do is beat the winner on jeopardy that day🤔
Predictions for bynd and baba next week?
VIX calls.
Hope none of you got manipulated playing NIO today. I know some people made $ with puts, but make no mistake...NIO will kill earnings. 50c 11/20 are still going to reel in the dough. I dont buy FDs and my NIO calls don't expire for 2 more years.
Chris Rick is a national treasure, something about the nexus of his voices timbre and his overall worldview meld so perfectly. 


Anyway, if anybody needs me I’ll be getting higher than my portfolio could ever hope to be, $710BLZIT
Just believe brother
Jan 21 22’ 30c
He just defecated in your doorway.
Palantir. This is the way.
[deleted]
Always here :) 

You need to talk?
put credit spreads on CMG easy money..have been minting money off of it for a while now
what movie is this?
That kid's scrappy.
So if you had to choose just one, which play would you yolo your account on next week? (not something which is already 99% to the moon)
No, my brother.  I always check in on everyone.
Dude has a Ferrari and only had $20k to invest buahahahahha!
I’m curious at what they did with that money.
Hang out with people in VR
Shit yeah, OP. I hope this opens above 20 so you make bank.

Also, I've been watching this patiently as my next SPAC ticker to ride down into oblivion. Will grab a ton of Nov 20 15P and Dec 18 10P if they trade near .15.
Does anyone else hate the weekend because they feel like they’re missing out on trades. Might be a retarded question but why are markets closed on the weekend?
The weird thing about zoomers is that despite being undeniably fucking retarded, they’re statistically really good with money.
Fair enough man, Ive been on these since mid October but I have no idea what I’m doing
It's trading significantly higher than Tesla's sales multiple. It doesn't even have a functioning P/E multiple (whereas Tesla has one, albeit a little high).

*"good luckin"* lol nice.
Is there hope for a small rebound before earnings or is it going to keep selling off ? I want out ASAP but down about 10 percent with shares
Wish I could just fall asleep rn and wake up Sunday at 6
Tell me why I shouldnt go balls deep in SPY puts 2 weeks out? Record high covid cases, incoming shutdowns market is re
Filthy rich like Musk buying a $1000 t shirt is perfectly fine imo. Your income or net worth has nothing to do with how you handle money it seems; hence, the basement millionaire.

I've met so many people with good income live cheque to cheque because of their dumb finances. Buying Supreme clothing, brand new vehicles you can barely afford, eating out every day, fancy vacation etc. But the way I see it, there's only so much money out there. If these idiots want to pump up the market for us, I'm cool with it
Nah it’s just a bubble
Did you buy them this morning?
Not saying it really matters matters, but a lot of dudes in denial about enjoying drinking pee. Gotta be confident and honest with yourself
[deleted]
Dividends are also taxed as capital gains, so you're gonna hold onto a larger chunk of that scratch.
People still watch this shit ?
ok so y'know how there's a numerical symbolic representation that is abstracted to the concept of time?

alright so that's not the only abstracted concept.

there's abstraction of what we would recognize as the physical property of speed (which is itself dependent upon the concept of time but that's a tangent).

ok so with time and speed we get the concept of volatility. commonly represented in options as the perception of expected volatility of a future event.

well it's really just a measure of the speed. across time.

...

does that make sense?
I think unfortunately for you, you’re about to lose money next week. Nio will bounce back up pretty high.

I’m currently cash gang. Too pussy to touch nio CHYNA shit
Yeeeeee
Casino: $50 EOY
Realistic: $20 EOY with 2022 EOY target of $30, 2025 $100-150.
Had XPEL 11/20 30c I sold last week for a small gain. FML.
I see what you did there
1000%
gross
Yea, definitely! I cry my aZz every night for selling it 16, but for a short term its overvalued in my opinion! Long term definitely, Chinese market is too big!
She's playing both sides, your puts and his calls, so she'll always come out rich in the end.
I mean, theres no way I'm putting 100% of my account on monthlies.
PDT ban is up is that fucker Tony stark still here
I predict your portfolio will go to 0
Let me just go pull my pets.com investment out and put it in a 5% savings account...
Everybody just pump APHA and we’ll all get rich when the investing.com and stocktwits retards pile on.
I mean,  it couldn't have cost that much since it's so far OTM, right?
You better marry her you autistic baboon
Just cus you’re valeting my car doesn’t mean you own it bro
Editeded it’s back lmao. I changed it to eliminate confusion but I agree with you
bro your phone is at 3%. you're retarded
I bought some of those today
More than TSLA multiple\*
nice
Last Monday and today smh. Note to self, sell at open when your dreams come true you greedy fuck
yea.. was expecting to dump today, shame i couldn't trade,, easy puts
[deleted]
Took 18 for DJIA after 1929 crash.  Lot of crap value companies like T still haven't recovered from dot com crash.
They have 2 billion in pre orders. 2 questions: who are those people buying this??? And why is this stock so cheap?
[deleted]
Cosco call for run to earnings... I really can't think of a bearish case on this play right now. January exp, likely not risky or fast enough for you.
Luckily my professor ain’t like that. He’s already given me instructions on how to sign up through the school. Thanks for concern tho
50% cheaper plz
There’s no point in holding any calls more than a day or two because these fucking stocks always give up any gains quickly. Just cash out when you’re green
My D&B has been “temporarily closed” since March. They’re December puts, so at least I have some leeway
Damn you shoulda held buddy. Back up to 90 now. I’ve got the same strike exp
Up about 30k in one week on solo brah
Sikh's are like the most respectable people on the planet

Won't be an issue, plus they have really good North Indian food
Did you ever pick any of these up?
this company is already ubiquitous, now comes the public relations campaign, which will be a non campaign that will actually work.

Theil and the entire company have every incentive to produce results materially and in stock price because that's how they get paid. Only 20% of shares are available until the lockout period ends in march, 180 days from direct listing.  I'm often wrong
Thanks for not posting my license plate 👌🏻
cashier, in the meantime you can become an independent contractor like with uber or giving handjobs below the underpass
Exactly.  A lot of folks hating Citron today, but damn I think they laid out some decent points.  Selling 5k cars a month, and worth more than a company selling  a million a month.  Really?!?!  And it's not like they were shitting on $NIO long term, just saying they are too hot too quick.  Even at the $25 price target they laid out, that is still >10X ytd.
It was way funnier before you edited it! Put it back the way it was.
$20k - via puts on XPEV all the way down, exited, and rode up on TSLA calls for EOD
I’m telling you it doesn’t matter.  If you haven’t had a girl piss/squirt/spit in your mouth, have you really even lived?
It’s a 1200$ stock. What do you expect.
[deleted]
Good luck I'm also all in for JD earnings see you Monday morning.
Dabur Pudin Hara Pearls 10 Capsules (Pack of 5) https://www.amazon.com/dp/3652365216/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_fabc_wVYRFb5YPMH4J?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1

Thank me later. This works like magic! All natural mint and herbs to take care of gas and indigestion. Trust me !
Boston beer has skull fucked earnings twice in a row, think I gotta buy the dip and some calls expiring after their next earnings.
NIO calls or shares seems like a safe bet. It rose my portfolio 50%.

Before making it fall 60%
GSX
Priced in
I don’t fuck with naked options and I don’t have 100k to buy Chipotle stock lmao
What made you buy this company? Did you do a lot of DD?
Boomers need time to go to church etc
Give em time
This is favorite meme of all time
Wether you had puts or calls.  UUP is down almost a percent after hours.  No better indication that spy will be green on Monday
SPY earnings Tuesday AH gonna be 🔥
if it weren’t for that dumb article it would have hit 60
I got PLAY puts too, they’re a shit ass company but people are retarded so idk we might be
[deleted]
Position?
I'm in at 14 right now and intend to prob sell what I have start of next week. Buy in again when this shit drops and don't really care if it's 4-12 dollars but somewhere in there seems beyond reasonable almost likely.

It's a pumper meme stock, MM's know this and it's been highly touted for a long time so I think ppl will get burned on this one. But I'm a data scientist myself, and understand hte utility of what they are building probably better than anybody on this degenerate sub. Data integration services are so far beyond military, gov, and there's nobody out there with really intelligent backend systems like what they are building that they will translate to consumer in some capacity whether directly or be the underlying system behind many consumer facing companies. Either way it's win-win.

Take it from me, they'll moon based on their fundamental value. When I don't know, prob not know, but they will.
You're really asking where would the money come from in this day and age lol? Same place all the other helicopter money comes from, thin air. And all new money for that matter. This pandemic has proven unequivocally that the govt can print as much as it wants when it wants. That's not even a legit question anymore
That’s shweeeet
You might be onto something...
[deleted]
people like you make me reassured about my calls
That will print bigly
Exactly
[deleted]
Just sell puts. CMG is never coming back down!
[removed]
If you ever feel useless in life just remember KODK got a 765 million dollar loan from the government 

#picture that with a Kodak
With shares?
[deleted]
Look at last the chart from Wednesday, I’m guessing it will have a similar pattern. It was on uptick Wednesday
[deleted]
momentum
In all likelihood it's just gonna help keep it insignificant since games would have to be ported onto an entirely different chip architecture (since the M1 is not going to be x86 compatible) adding to development costs.

Edited to add: and [cutting eGPU support](https://techcrunch.com/2020/11/10/macs-with-the-m1-chip-do-not-support-egpus/) is not gonna help the use-case for AAA gaming.
Puts on Trojan. Got it.
[deleted]
Still tripled your money. Could have lost it just as easily.
Whatever you do don’t give your professor any handjobs even if he says has “insider info”
Has pockets for extra keyboards
nio shares and a lot of them
[removed]
[deleted]
>He told me recently that he wants to give it all to his kids.

He going to "fall" off the roof when he knows he's about to die anyway, to get that last big gain via insurance money.
NIO $35P
I agree, Nikola didn’t even give up $1 today. 😂
I grabbed 8000 boomer shares a week or so ago. Up 30k....thanks solo
PUT PREMIUMS ON CHIPOTLE ARE TOO DAMN HIGH
What
Why not Zoidberg?
Agree with that. However the open interest on 12/18 HYG puts is cautionary. And the spike in VIX December futures contracts. Big boys are hedging against something happening.
OK here is my theory. Black death killed about 1/3rd of Europe's population. After the pandemic the living condition of medival europe improved, wages increased, more resources for less people. 

Now, I think we are following the same pattern. Covid deaths & hospitalization are at ATH = Market ATH  due to wealth from dying boomers going to yolo millennials.
I made the same mistake. Luckily I cashed out on Nio at the perfect time today so that's taken some of the sting away.
They also forgot the Mircon stock the MU $42 FD
You got pussy or dick?
Where do I sign
Problem is that WMT customer base is losing jobs as well, but maybe getting new customers. I've been buying there a lot more anyways, their bread is fresh and only a buck.
Gtfo
[deleted]
You don’t have spy calls do you?  Feel for ya
I'd buy it if it came with one share per shirt
Facilitative Scrotum Dongle
I was seriously considering putting all my money into it on monday, knew it would bounce, would have been the best decision ever instead of chasing shit everywhere
starts after thanksgiving dinner then goes hard all through cyber monday.

Then it is a endless deathmarch for retail workers until their hours get slashed in january.
Dad?
Cheers. Guess I was reminiscing about the old days here.
PLTR yes slap my ask!!
How much gain
I get it completely...been there too. The high cost of learning to day trade..can be brutal. Especially with high vol in play...I'm just an investor now.  Boomer here too
Calls on doordash?
shit this is erotic af, you are WSB's poet
Your mom always prefers if I do my business insider
Alexa play Mambo No. 5 by Lou Bega
I just deposited my life savings into robinhood.  $30k.  How do I yolo this and turn it into $300k
Don’t ask me I wouldn’t know
What. The. Fuck.
you’re not very good at this
I’ll never not watch this one
Today was one of my better days of trading. :)
We got smart, and started making money 🤣
So there is hope?
Story time 🕛🕛 sisters 💁‍♀️💁‍♀️so basically I was in class listening to billie eilish ❤️❤️and my headphones got unplugged 😩😩 and it played bad guy out loud 🔊🔊so anyway it was playing out loud and all the girls 👭 👭 were completely vibing to it💏💏 and they were like slayyyyy🔪🔪sisterrr☠️☠️
Buying overpriced kanye clothes is dumb at any income level, but living in a basement when you dont have to is dumb too. No point being or getting rich if you aren't going to make life easy for yourself.
Not exactly but I’m studying engineering so I have a decent grasp
Stands to reason those people went broke.
Nothing. I'm still here 🙋🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lmaoo there’s comments there from over a year ago bruh
It’s almost 2021 and we still don’t trade stonks on the weekends
If I make it out of this one without any serious losses I think I’m going to retire from trading. Not cut out for this. Feel like shit now until Monday morning.
Enjoy getting wiped out then.
The weed will come out of the smoke stacks and keep cruise customers high as fuck the whole trip
  This is the dream.
Bought and sold immediately. Still up 3k on the week
update: they lost their house
Picked up 50 x NIO 0DTE $47 puts for 0.21/contract and sold them at 0.75.  I then proceeded to watch them moon all the way up to north of 6.00
perhaps it can be explained by long term expectations about the housing market being inflated.
I have a crazy dog, may need your services someday if your cross species capable.
It’s about the hype. Long term NIO has room to grow because of China’s rapidly growing middle class and the governments backing of EVs. Personally I don’t think this stock is worth more than 45-50 even long term but it’ll pass that because of hype and fomo
Me too. I lied about how much money I have when I made the account though
I loaded up on Dave & Buster’s and Cinemark puts. I hope I’m not fucked
Styles around the time that computers became popular in media in the 90s/2000s.The idea of the “slacker hacker” was very popular.
in this case they are averaging up
I will when you go back to not posting and stop tagging people on shit just because your childish feelings are hurt lmao.

Seriously, shut your cock holster and grow up you toddler
I had one or two sarcasms about an hour ago
I already ate in the morning
This makes me feel more bullish about tech actually, we’ve only doubled since 2000?
would love to see PDD meet the same fate by next Friday as chinese EVs today..got some 145p 11/20
So their logo is a clitoris?
You should spend that time looking for employment instead of watching random price movements... WMT 157.5 11/20 will probably pay though. I bought 155 11/20 when they were $.60
🥭 couldn’t do anything to them. Xi can. But they’ll recover, buy leaps
DD - means double down, right?
ive been farting every 30 seconds for 2 hours and im afraid its seeping into the walls
Yes they did this guy has no ideal what he's talking about.
Is there a chance to recover, need to hit 49 to break even
Lot of fucking people holding shares here now. "Just keep holding and it'll be worth five times that in 5 years." WSB used to be for degenerate fucking gamblers who went broke or got rich. What the fuck happened?
ZM thought? I got a 415c weekly like an autistic fuk
[deleted]
Yo I just ordered $57 worth of food and laid $31 for it long Uber lol
their position went from .01 to .48 of their overall portfolio.  

this is a good sign, haters
The write up is hilarious. Like a sassy pissed off associate that has some puts since $30
You ever have a really good day playing the wrong side?

I've been out of NIO since low 30s. Resisted going in again until the drop today. The funny thing is I didn't find out about the Citron report until 1pm, but still managed to profit on the first two dips. Even bought again on the third dip, got some solid unrealized gains headed into the weekend.
This is so retarded, it just might work. Godspeed retard
IV will clap you to the shadow realm
Glad I stayed away
Getting hammered atm, can't test for that.
grabbing a beer earlier with a friend i had to meet fucked my portfolio up smh,, continued to grab a few more now venting / parsing comments here to try to make myself feel better. can't beat the dark humor
[removed]
$WMT calls lookin sexy
I've been drinking and crying, I can't see.
Haha naw I got in at $23, but I’m still holding. 350 shares
It may never recover when this bubble bursts...
He said he Yolo'd on $NIO calls while in "bigly debt"

.. probably not the type of guy that regularly makes smart decisions
Why is the image of the hoodie so prevalent with the hacker?
Oh snap. NIO + CCL + ACB + PFE collabing for electric powered cruise ships with unlimited weed instead of booze and free vaccines by the pool in 2021.
It rubs the lotion on its skin
Has COVID helped us to outpace deaths with births? No? Then I don’t want to fuckin hear about it 😤
ZM strong close. 500 next week
My ARKQ is like lalalalalalala I can't hear you.
I don't think it's necessarily illegal, but considering Citrons shady past this move they made just seems grimy. I doubt SEC or anyone will do anything about it, but this whole meme is definitely an interesting one. Lot of outlash directed towards them and I can't say I disagree with it
At Amazon they say promoted to customer
They were considered essential before I found an article so we’re good
  Is there anything I can do 

Sure a few bourbons and a fatty will save you a trip to the hospital.  Relax.  Take your loss Monday morning.
Didnt last earning they went up like 15% over 2 days?
Thanks I know that I wasn’t the cause but I would have liked to have seen him again
Yeah but that costs more monies.
All in on a company with 2 employees. Nice
Just curious. Might be insignificant but when Mac when to x86 chips it opened up lots of possibilities.
AH didn't pump enough with that vaccine news.
Long story
As long as it’s not higher than 420 I think you’ll be fine. Unless there’s an incident with the rocket which shouldn’t correlate but will anyway
Gigafactory will be up and running soon.  The internet needed a decade of infrastructure rehaul to support the potential of the internet.

The infrastructure for electric vehicles is already here.  We have the internet capability.  We have the roads.  We just need the cars.
It took 15 years for Nasdaq to recover from the dotcom burst, fucking wild
Just another manic Monday...
When it comes to trading, being right about a company is not enough.  You need others to be wrong.  To maximize your profit, you need to know exactly when they are going to figure out that they're wrong.

"Hope" is a powerful thing.  Right now, there's $62B of hope holding the price where its at.  The price isn't going to come down until they realize it's not worth it.

I'm predicting that they will be delisted before 2025.  It's a Cayman Islands company operating within the PRC.  They're intentionally dodging US Law in the Cayman Island.  Since they're operating in the PRC (subsidiary), the SEC can't investigate anything.  By being in the Cayman Island, they are not paying their share of taxes to the PRC.  PRC is not going to let them operate in their country and fuck them on taxes at the same time.  Shareholders are definitely going to lose out - since they have absolutely no legal rights; no class action lawsuits, nobody to make sure they're not fraudulent.  They also have no plans to sell cars outside of PRC.  Not going to last - per their own statements in their prospectus.
Lol how are they targeting the researchers?
You didn’t hear?  Aren’t they making Black Friday a whole weekend now?
Try adding ketchup to your burger
[deleted]
I sold most of mine yesterday, cant hold china stocks for too long. Look at BABA, got killed by the 🥭 administration and now their own govt
I got spy 357 puts that expire 11/16 im a idiot
Thanks for sharing. I feel so sorry for my friends brother - they were so close and I want to be there for him but am trying to figure out how
I guess “good genes” is just relative
Second
I've doubled down on spxs 11/20 calls every day this week like a true idiot. 🏳️‍🌈🐻🤡
Check again
For $91 billion what did he do? You could buy Vodafone for less than that
Bro you didnt get fire you just became a freelancer
Woah man chill where else you gonna get unlimited g sticks
*the Greeks have entered the chat.*
What about shares close to the top, can and will I recover ? In the next 3-4 days ?
And then lose it all. 

You aren’t special. People have been doing this for ever. We know the math. 

But the loss porn will be phenomenal.
Tryna take it eaaaasy!
Why am I rock hard right now, fuck!
is that sarcasm Im smelling Sir?
Bodies don't require -70 degrees like the vaccine does. Those will need to be specially developed and produced.
Pur0le
Monday at at the latest
Now THAT is the kind of retarded play we've been missing in this sub, I'm heavy as fuck NIO, but goodluck my fellow retard
I should probably learn more about how this works
Well I’m listening
The biggest thing about the M1 is battery life. Up to 50% longer battery life on laptop is 💦💦
Spoken like a true incel.
They all expired today lol
You’re fuckin last buddy
I let it go to 1% before buying/selling for extra risk.
Its consolidating, there is likely going to be a breakout soon in some direction. Not sure which one but we shall see
You know options expire, right?
sold at 1900 rip me
You gotta buy the long term puts.  Short terms print nicely, but you're really gambling that THIS is the time a particular stonk's gonna drop VERY VERY SOON.  From my experience (especially spy as of recently), that's not common.  But long term puts short term calls.  Play it safe while econ still going up (soemhow, lmfao)
Well the last bad decision makes up for all the other lame ones
How did you manage to get nio in a bag hold
[deleted]
I bought at 47.7 and I'm still scared
This is poetry
Expect to get rekt, that way you’re jacked if you don t
Puts on your grammar
First
Holding calls over the weekend too ,my only hope is moderna coming up with good news on Monday.
Putin got PUTS?

***North Korean, Russian hackers target COVID-19 researchers: Microsoft***

 `The software company said a Russian hacking group commonly nicknamed “Fancy Bear”` \- along with a pair of North Korean actors dubbed “Zinc” and “Cerium” by Microsoft - were implicated in recent attempts to break into the networks of seven pharmaceutical companies and vaccine researchers in Canada, France, India, South Korea, and the United States. 

LOL
The best way to kill VIX is to have a bunch of back to back +0.3% days where the market grinds higher at a very slow pace like in 2017 and last year.
22.5 sorry......the 12.5 are my gamestop calls that are looking like a huge loss
Boomers say IBM is value but even WB was like fuck IBM and bought a shit ton of Apple instead.
Fuck you what if I wanted to lose money
LK? Except opposite
Fearless prediction: EV is this bubble cycle's dotcom.   


Yes, EV is the real deal. Yes, just like the internet, everyone and every business will be own an EV (some holdouts tho, same people that still use landlines).   


But like dotcom in 2000, it'll take 10 to 20 years before the current valuations are justified and, eventually, exceeded.  


The current crop of EV will likely lose 50-90%. However, there very well may be one last EV mania run remaining before the air starts hissing out of the balloon and multiples contract toward 1x cash
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Joyner Lucas ft. Logic - ISI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTDb0ebFh8E) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTDb0ebFh8E)⠀►►⠀ 2:43 / 4:05 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Fuk spy, learned my lesson 3 weeks ago, shorting everything beside that mountain
Try ~ 98/99%
Didn't Citron tank INO 6 months ago? I lost some flesh from that. Seems like they take an opposing position to a hot (but plausibly speculative) stock and  tank it with a bad rating. Any bears with foreknowledge would make a killing.
She nuzzles your neck, laughing. Red wine is your being and hers.

As she climbs atop you, you can’t help but think of the day’s climbing. SPY’s slow melt up mirrors the slow melt of your flesh, as you and she mingle, waxes joining to form one angry, rhythmic candle.

After an exhale, deep and angry as a dying star, she asks: “What’s gotten into you?”

You smile as you flip her over, “I just feel like a winner.” Because you bought calls. And she calls out your name. And she calls, calls...calls.
Thats because it's inevitable.  You think Yellen and Warren are going to let these shenanigans continue?
MMs start playing their games on it
Alexa, play Isis by Joyner Lucas.
Use it to buy FDs like Goldman does.
July 13 was the shittiest monday ever
Thats rough man, my wedding was also last October and had a groomsman's dad suddenly pass away on his birthday back in August. He was a wreck and had no idea what to do. I've been checking in on him every few weeks to see how he's doing. Thankfully he's doing a lot better now.
Me too brother
That doesn't sound like the private-industry-respecting America I know!
Ice cube soup for many of us in here
[removed]
Who's gonna notice?

([Steam Hardware & Software Survey: October 2020](https://store.steampowered.com/hwsurvey/Steam-Hardware-Software-Survey-Welcome-to-Steam) has all OSX versions combined at 3.45%)
Yep value does tend to do better in high inflation high interest rate environment which is definitely not today's environment.
[deleted]
My name is ......$NIO!
Tax it - I think most people would support a roads tax on hookers
Drugs
Haha, I was using that description to play devil's advocate and say I don't believe in their hype.

But they're attached at the hip to the Clinton Foundation and Hillary's crooked ass owns the DNC so I won't be surprised if their path to the trough is greased.

But let's be honest, it's just marketing hype.  They're not doing anything that Esri hasn't already done, it's just a different target market.  And not one without its pre-existing entrenched pigs at the trough, either.  I don't suspect  Raytheon will simply go away and sulk because a gay tech bro from San Fran showed up.
I can’t take this serious from someone who can’t even charge their phone
Me too brother me too
[removed]
I only fly first class 😎 means my stock in UAL will go up
If you ever feel down about your plays, just know that there are people that bought NIO calls at the top today.

If that’s the play you made, well...you weren’t meant to play this game.
Sounds like Bay Area people are going everywhere it's reasonable to get to, Salt Lake City, Washington State, Seattle, Sacramento, Las Vegas, Oregon State, Phoenix, [insert all 28 cities in neighboring states]. Lol
It was overvalued at 30
Drinking
$265k BPR for those (PM account)
It would make sense to brag about your gains by showing the smaller of 2 accounts on the internet
[deleted]
NIO calls for Friday
Bears, fuk, good cocaine, bad cocaine
CITRON is the org that released a bear report for NIO today which was likely a major catalyst for todays selloff.
That’s why I yoloed 420c 11/20
Go back to reading posts on r/investing
If 85% of my account is in nio, but nio made like 80% of my account, shouldn't what it did to my asshole today hurt less? It didn't
6th most Valuable car maker?! GTFO, even Opel/Voxal is selling more cars than them!
How'd those calls do?
Agreed. It may go up
Chinese ev bike. Calls all in
Long IWM at open
Haha I just was thinking about it. 80% iv on leaps is relatively just as crazy.
[deleted]
Nah sold at a loss
To admit vulnerability is the manliest thing there is. Don't fall for publicity seeking egomaniacs
You think Pfizer would delay a vaccine announcement and risk someone else beating them to it? That would destroy their stock.

https://financialpost.com/financial-times/why-the-pfizer-ceo-selling-62-of-his-stock-the-same-day-as-the-vaccine-announcement-looks-bad

Why would Pfizer's German vaccine partner BioNTech let them do that when it doesn't benefit them at all? Why wouldn't BioNTech announce it themselves then?
It probably will despite the fact that there should be no correlation at all

Markets are retarded
Half a milly
Beer
Re-upped at $41 baybeeeeeee
I did! Fired July 5th, was middle management salary position a little over 100k a year and busted my ass for it. Now I'm making 175k and don't do shit and have zero stress. 

Bonus of no longer having to fear drug tests!
Never too late to apply risk management in a trading plan
Women are expensive
Nio 7p is either going to make someone a millionaire or theta gang is about to have a fun time with that ass
I bought 100 shares at $45, hoping it will rally up leading to earnings, then sell out prior to. Also, I made sure to hedge my position by investing in a tub of butt butter, just in case 👍
Doing same thing with NIO, it’s freaking overvalued!
America should legalize prostitution or at least allow more hands on experiences at strip clubs.

This isn't about morals or effective public policy, just want to destroy thots & cut out the middle man running onlysimps.
you can download so much loss porn with those!
Market has always been driven by those before this so-called "modern market"
What makes a stock so volatile compared to other stocks? Why are certain ones chosen to move a lot and others aren’t
What are your leaps dated at? I’ve got a position for july 2021.
I've heard this every monday since May lol
"Some but it doesn't feel right anymore," that's what he told me
 Niiiooooooo
tsla meme stock losing steam
Lmaaaooo man I can’t even comprehend what it’s like to be this childish

>never will I post again

Don’t tease us like that. You’re too much of a toddler to keep that promise.
u lost a lot on nio huh?
How long will I have to bag hold these nio shares, fuck I don’t even like China
Ohh ok mr fame guy, I gotchu
Noob. Always have a cash act
Ha group chat? I doubt I’d be able to contribute anything of value. I’m one of the retards on here unfortunately
Right?
I don’t care about what countries stocks I invest in. I’ll short America when I can make money off it and if china starts dying and Indian stock becomes the way I’ll buy that
Today ____________ went ___________ and I yesterday I should have bought _____________ but instead I bought ____________.
[deleted]
[deleted]
BYND burgers
Jacked to the tits in spy 11/16 calls baby
There is nothing to think about. Stonks only go up so you buy calls.
Its gonna happen one of these days...
If the day is about to end and it’s in the 30’s I close. 100%
value is PLTR trading at 2015 valuation 👀
Fuck Olive Garden
Yeah but I’ve written them off by now
Same I would be devastated
[deleted]
[deleted]
unpopuar opinion but Im holding nio for 1y
As of right now all of that is literally just Apple marketing hype train.

>Apple's performance comparisons are all against a mysterious "latest PC laptop CPU", the specifics of which the company wouldn't reveal throughout the entire launch event.  

[Source](https://www.techradar.com/news/apple-m1-chip)
What’s for dinner?
I started as a consultant and asked if I can still get a few hours doing that. Honestly I was more happy in that role anyways, just tell me what to do and consider it done!
Does it go uphill?
Retail too, no Black Friday in person
Yep, I applied for as low level of options as I wanted, they had 5 levels, and I only applied for level 2 or maybe 3. I have less than a year experience with options but I've had my Fidelity account for like... 7 years?
We know what to expect, old people will die, cities will go back to phase 1 or 0 or whatever that shit was, in other words no major uncertainty
Dear god I hope not I’m all in on tendies for 11/27
I’ve been there too ,switched to calls ,I learned that stonks only go up too late
I’m not buying in until they market a flamethrower. Until then they are just posers.
na you might actually be right, was gonna pull the trigger at 3.05 but went up to 3.15 before I could. godspeed
Settle down, Gavin Belson!
Strats are great, and the bullet strat is prob best for beginners. But I want splurge on a new strap
Beat my meat
Dude I’ll suck your dick.. Teach me how to fucking trade like a god.. If you have an oz of love and humanity teach me!
Anyone still have SPY puts?
Has ripped since election results. I think it's a good one year stock play if you want to camp some cash in it. In terms of weekly options will be tough tho. Mutli day rips will slow down. I have absolutely no idea what I'm talking about though.
ZM green in ah after vaccine press conference 😤
^ This guy knows
He’s back!
[deleted]
Cocaine
Yellin bad choice for market?
Will TSLA gap up because SpaceX launch on Sunday with humans?📈📈👀👀
Will do. I’ll get back to you
Ford with fucking 140b in debts
Put put put put put put puts on your portfolio. Buy calls.
Hell yeah solo brother.
Drugs
Golf, drugs, check WSB like a fiend.
So calls on caskets?
Short restaurants? No outdoor dining in the winter. They had big run ups this week.
Is it time to rotate back into tesla?
Drugs
Is making your own DD publically available illegal?
No shit
Wow total opposites, warren and yelled.  Warren would fuck up banks.
Ask the aliens what stonks to buy
Lol 

> Timing crashes is hard 

> Buy the dip 

There's no difference saying the crash is coming vs buy every dip as downtrends occur. I didn't go all in just sizeable enough to take a hit for the time being. Nor was I timing the market crash, I was and still am very much expecting a down trend to 320 before January. That vaccine pump was nothing I could predict nor a healthy rally.
homeless person: “Options made me homeless”
OP, this would be the GOOD angel. You should listen.
Keynesian beauty contest.

It's pre-pre-pre-boomer.
I thought that about almost every day this week
I have no idea how to trade this Chinese off-brand Elon stock. It’s got decent fundamentals as far as I can tell, but on the other hand, it’s Chinese. 

And it’s also way too popular among WSBers for me to feel comfortable holding it.
Going all in JMIA again
[deleted]
I'm down 70.5% this week.... let it burn
#theta gang
Probably an Only Fans account. No one wants to watch you in your jack shack though.
But Cuomo closed my city and Mango doesn’t wanna give Vaccines to NYC! Puts on night life and NYC! I still have you fellow retards!
Sold my $15c 12/18 today for a $20c 2/19/21

Let’s see this fucker move!
I did fomo this morning. As soon as it went under +10% I offloaded it. Lost like 600$
SRRY calls, got it
Haven’t lost anything from my initial investment so no worries. I mean bet
Stonks only go up, that's too many puts my boy.
What do you guys that live in shutdown states/ cities do for fun on weekends anymore?
[deleted]
I ended up emailing them asking about switching to cash. They made it happen.
he mad lol
Advice...... DONT. If you need the money to survive don't  throw it when don't  know if you will have a steady income.


But hey. Your problem when a week from now you have a 9.5k loss porn post.


Maybe you can buy a whopper with karma.
I always figure it's people working together like let's say I'm an "analyst", then I just call my buddy at another firm and ask him what he needs pumped, and I can pump it while also saying my firm doesn't have a position in that stock. The other firm can pump my positions in return. That way it's officially legit but it's still an easy advantage.
[deleted]
Not when I do it to your mother.
True, but now I have all day to watch every tick.
hilarious
180k cases

1.4k deaths

SPY ATH

UBER ATH.
🦇 🍜 🤤
Jelk
[deleted]
Walmart greeter. Although even you might not be retarded enough.
Value is not dead but the shit they label value is.  Impaired mostly.
I'm holding PLTR $16.50c 11/20 over the weekend. Looks like it was a good move!
Nope lost it all playing u calls before ER
What is the most retarded and dangerous play you could do next week?
completely agree. 
 YOLO NIO 60c 11/20
So bad time to get a hooker?
The fluid output of the kidneys is pee. It's just that simple lmao
You’re practicing being homeless?
20% Monday 40% Tuesday -20% correction aftermarket Tuesday (or it moons after earnings what do I know I'm making all these numbers up with zero dd)
people here are dumbnuts, i wrote a comment yesterday asking to get a view of whether FSR would be good to get in on due to it being not chinese but still EV, got a bunch no's.. never ask WSB shit a bunch of idiots here pretending to know shit
that is sweet. I bet that your parents cry and that they are proud of u
When I was a teenager I didn't have cable so I would stay up late and watch informercials after the third wheel ended. There were so many fake penis supplement on tv.
got 11/27 NIO calls and an 11/20 LI call. If NIO moons,it'll take LI with it,if not then i lose about $300. If NIO rallies into the week after then I'll be able to recoup what I lost.
[deleted]
Nah he lost $2.5M but only had $10k
Low rates QE for the win
Good chance Monday is gonna be "Black Monday".  Just saying...
[removed]
Requesting help - I think one of my dads might be gay
Puts after IV dies down. Spring puts.
[deleted]
Darude sandstorm
Measures how much 🌈🐻 can take before giving up.
Yo what’s an easy wfh job a dunce like me can get?
Ur underestimating the meme power of Elon.
Godspeed retard
Shady pump last night led to a 15%+ day so I'm all for it
AYRO
That was a fun couple of days. Especially when it wouldn't die and then boom it was over
Yeah, PFE validating an RNA based vaccine is positive news. I forget I also have a JNJ leap since the company is solid and their vaccine does not need -80c cooling. Plus they have the infrastructure to manufacture.
Does a Fisker have towing capacity for balls that big?
Sorry man 😢
Sir this is a homeless shelter
do you realize it is super difficult to stop this even with masks and vac
Pent up demand already for the summer. We are fine
500 shares 🚀
Man I was so close to buying puts at $52 but work got in the way lol. It is overvalued they don’t even have their own factories yet but I still think it will run into earnings.
[removed]
So literally more luck than anything else? I guess he did accurately predict the value blogs would have long term so fair enough
Modern market is driven by hype & feeling above all else. No more accounting. No more financial modeling. Just buy the most interesting & exciting shit that everyone else wants. Value is dead. Hype is new king
Wsb pump solo and make money. Let’s go
[deleted]
You mean why go to prison
[deleted]
depends on how you define pee. it's not urine. you can be dehydrated but the squirt fluid is clear, then you piss and it's yellow.

Is coming from the bladder basically your definition of it?

why am i going down this rabbit hole anyways
bro its a parody account
IMO a share buy back is stupid. They literally just went public and raised capital.
its bullish, tryin to break long term trend
No. Take it or leave it. Flip a coin if you must.
Lol this describes me to a T expect for the last part. My grandpa didn't take risks and got ripped off by his brothers.
tell that to SPY
[deleted]
How do you mean gay?! Being bearish on china shiet stock is actually patriotic job, because your are bearish on your opponent’s coutry and not on your own! So being bullish on chinese shiet stock is actually being gay
Sold my 11/20 $10 calls for 1,000% and 1,100% return today at $5.20 and $5.80

Holding several thousand shares as well currently. We rich now cuz.
Nio it don’t
The top 500 companies don't give a fuck about covid
Why would you show your *girlfriend* your stocks? I wouldn’t dare show mine how I’ve lost our house down payment...
My man
nio won’t be on sale again. 

They can pull this short selling trick only once
[deleted]
[deleted]
Grow dem nuggets into tendies!
Goodluck

Also, editing it's TSN not TYS.  SRRY!
Perfectly balanced
They posted that in 2016 you brain dead fuck chin.
but honestly were all contributing like 5 hundy and yolo'ing  under a ticker right?
And you guys said Canoo was ugly.  But fuck it, I'm in.
Take more viagra
damn bro this deserves more upboats

Great loss porn

F
Just got my hands on some magic mushroom chocolate. Should be interesting
You know what they say, bear in the streets and bull in the sheets.
🙋own one
0dte is just so much more fun
There’s a lot of YouTube videos that can walk you through it, but it basically amounts to opening the song you want in iTunes or whatever and changing the file extension.

Sorry I can’t remember the exact steps, but it’s actually super easy.

If anybody tells you you need a special program or have to pay for it they’re  full of shit.
There is nowhere in the female pelvis that you can store high amounts of liquid aside from the bladder. It doesn't matter what you can find in it. There is no other organ producing large amounts of fluid.

And the science is literally that they scan the bladder before and after squirting, and find it empties. It's literally that simple and easy and they've done it
He is green.  He hasn't lost or gained anything until he ACTUALLY sells.  You can't count gains he could have made.
Bongenomics
r/catvibing
You should hold onto your final pennies and not gamble your savings away while you are unemployed
Good advice ty
bars
I’m thinking a gap up on Monday with cases on the rise
Gotcha. Either open Monday or if they sell off after earnings would be best then.
Everybody is supposed to be living in fear!! Right ?
I honestly think Tesla is a better play at current price. But from all Chinese EV, I like Xpev the most right now
Wait is it bad to buy NIO rn?? I just bought it today
Innis & Gunn right now, but still being entertained by WSB!
You didn’t get fired, you got promoted to self employed
If I was to start posting DD with lots of graphs and pictures and big words on here for the next 20 years would I be able to shift markets like Andrew left by 2040?
Is the new architecture going to
Make gaming more difficult?
best thing i did at 19 was buy amazon at $700 lol
Saudi investment fund backing carnival
I wish I was more manly. I’m like a man child.
Yeah;
Imma need sum data to back that shite up.  Can I at least get a meme explaining why this is a surefire print?
Can confirm

https://www.bbc.co.uk/bbcthree/article/544c5686-e3bc-4ac2-b4ca-f91eccefe441
Congrats. Fuck you.
You still can....
Same I don’t care for self-fellating posters unless the post actual gains.
I don't know about anyone else but I'm holding, I bought into spy at $3 and sold at $9 and now look at it. I could have had so many tendies.
I just lost brain cells reading this. Darn.
[deleted]
there’s literally a pandemic happening, this is big news, did you guys know about this?!
Videos and reviews
I have really smart swe friends getting rejected left and right from this company so I’m incredibly bullish on them lol
They're prolly short selling and buying the dip too lmao
Yes
180k cases and I have AMC calls

Now THIS is podracing
Fuck Andrew Left hes the gayest bear
[deleted]
right, and the chemical composition of squirt fluid contains higher levels of prostatic acid phosphatase which urine would typically not have much of. Also fructose, if we're gonna bust out science.
Roll it out. Its coming back. I literally have the exact same strike. I'm down $15,000 which is a big chunk of my portfolio. But I'm holding and rolling
Hellish ass week when your most of your portfolio consists of ROKU, SQ, TWLO calls. Only small offsets I had were U and PDD.
No it’s not. Your mother is overvalued
20 % pump on nio for Monday. Lol
Oh fuck, and that stem scholarship!?
Apparently vaccines are gonna roll out as early as December so nah
[deleted]
shouldn’t have opened up that debit spread on Nio eod.
Margin MANNN
LOL. We'll all be down $10k one day, and up $20k the next. We'd need  a true trader in charge.
Anyone wanna spot me some sweet cash that I can dump into some U calls??
Calls
holy shit, man! Are you for real? It's fucking friday 8 pm! Market opens on Monday morning, if u forgot.
1-2 years?
I'm definitely buying frozen birds on sale to get us through the winter.
im gonna miss steve 😢
Yeet but long term calls or puts?
Sir tell me you really didnt sell shares at a loss. You could of atleast waited until next week for Nios earnings...
I joined fomo last night and made money this morning
Was the timing of the vaccine announcement also planned months in advance?
lmfao this has to be the most retarded thing ive seen, wtf is that bongbrush of a line
im gonna suck alex karp off
[deleted]
Maybe.....100%
http://chng.it/72BP7TfBn2
Very long term?
170,000 covid cases today, we really are gonna hit 200k next week lol and spy will still reach new highs lmao
I bought at almost the lowest point today. With how much I expect it to rise the IV won’t matter. My profit with a rise to $60 is 13k.
[deleted]
i think you're right on this and i shorted nio at 47 but i think it's wise to take some profit if it dips to 38 a share before earnings

i have calls on li and puts on nio
I doubt that affects the space launch
The fact that Andrew Left looks ugly as well. 🤦‍♂️🤡
spce given them tendies
I for one welcomed my Citron overlord. NIO 25p Feb 21
Musicman cutlass white, I’d see them for like 1k easily now a lot are around 2k. The lesser version, the sterling, jumped up too. Could get them at like 600 now they’re like 900
I’m not selling because they expired today.
[deleted]
Sounds like they are a good leading indicator
Never has been
i got a Stratocaster for $90 decided I suck and sold it for $75 not stonks
I agree, see my other comment "if it's flying across the room it's pee"
ccp is gonna be pissed off at citron. they’ll probably pump nio to 4000 on monday and then give andrew left a bunk bed with tank man.
It's pullback after 10% every day for 2 weeks. It's normal and should be expected. Citrons idiot report was just the catalyst. If it didn't happen here it would've happened after earnings, or after NIO day. The longer it runs parabolic the bigger the pullback would've been.
That's what's I'm saying. It's so retarded, it's fucking brilliant
yup and we want that here in NIO gang.
yeah im down lets do this
Same bro, I would have been gambling that Taco Bell and bar money and still going to Taco Bell and bars
Sorry to hear.. always good to keep things in perspective.
Look at that this wanna be retard, that report looked like someone from this subs “DD”
Is that his only credibility? That he’s been wrongly valuing companies for 20 years?
...its a pretty low bar to be able to trade options on a platform that makes money from retail trading, not sure whats up with you
MRNA vaccine results play. Could gap up $20 on results.
Imagine using consoles when PCs exist.
Timing crashes is hard as shit. Try individual companies first, easier to catch their downtrend than going for the all or nothing SPY put.

Since October ALL the way to end of next year do you realize the amount of puts on SPY people keep buying hoping one will hit?

Just buy the dip friend.
Yes, back to it’s totally natural and sustainable growth rate
Lmfaooooo. Retard grammar
Vaccine news plus 737Max recertification rumors out there
[deleted]
[deleted]
Literally sold my LI calls at the top today - 39.50 ... knew this couldn’t go further. Wish I applied that same knowledge to every parabolic stock call option I’ve had 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Why do I always size up and lose a bunch on long spx 0dte contracts
It's not that hes smart about a few things, it's that hes filthy rich off of it.

I have friends that were dumb as bricks but gambled their way into being rich (stocks, "digital coins," sales, etc.) And now they're giving lectures on twitter/fb on how important it is to read 1984 bc they just finished it and how both sides suck and they're not political but really telling people to vote conservative.

Like bruh you should've read 1984 in high school even in a regular English class. All you're telling people is how far you are behind in reading.
Covered calls are still bullish
Dumb to buy some XPEV shares AH for the long term?
Don’t be 🌈🧸🐻
NIO is parabolic and will dip into and after earnings. If you’re going to buy calls get into 2021 +
Tesla comes down to 100 then it's justifiable shits still at 2000
Why do you think I'm here?
Just some good old leaps
Andrew Left is a huge twat but he also opened up some room for it to run next week. But still fuck that guy
Imagine finding about options right after your student loans were released
50k barely gets you a car.  500k barely gets you a house...
What?
Isn't that like what they do since they're short sellers.  They put down their position then announce it with " justification."
prolly would be mega broke by now
Nah if there is any real volume to the fluid it's pee. Vagina lubrication isn't producing a spout of liquid. And this has been scientifically studied
Fucking Larry Citron! I can’t complain, as I pulled my shares out a smidge from the top and my options yesterday.
NM just shut down for two weeks.
It’ll pass 50 Tuesday before a huge sell off Wednesday
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
UBER is overvalued as f..
This isn’t coherent but yes
They have over 100 employees. RH doesn't update.

[https://growjo.com/company/Fisker#:\~:text=Fisker%20has%20127%20Employees](https://growjo.com/company/Fisker#:~:text=Fisker%20has%20127%20Employees).
I sold same strike and exp this morning. Panic set in. Need to remember to check emotions at the door.
Ima get started on these puts then lol
Secret squirt bladder. Like when a squid escapes
Does nikola tesla have a middle name, because if he does I'm in
Bruh you took a loss on shares?
I made money on NIO earlier this year but out at 30 since it seems to me it is already hyped too much, never saw it can reach such high. And Also make some money on puts today, but all closed now. I will watch and wait all the turbulence settled and probably will back in if it is not too pricey (I think it is already more pricey than Tesla)
I'm in the 300-500k camp in California (depends on the year) and we live super comfortably but I wouldn't buy more than one Tesla a year.
So citron can say something again. 2nd article "No seriously, sell Nio shares"
Did he stutter?
I had puts last week, missed the drop, paper hands. But yes, short term meme potential.
Best believe we bout to ride tonight!
Imagine finding out about options when you’re 19
I still have hope tbh I’ve seen this stock at like this before
Seriously if I ever see that guy I will shit in my own hands and force it down his throat
If ACB could tank some more next week that’d be greaaat
Sir this is a casino
That looks more like a Citron finger to me
no it doesn't. as an ex pervert i love xpev
Be a good son. Take your mom to dinner.
Uptick for NIO on Monday boys, citron can’t fuck us again
My 11/27 calls are gonna print ,especially after earnings
WHAT ARE YOU DOING STEP NIO...ST-OMG IM GON-IM GONNA COOOOOOMMM
I can't afford to be sick from trading.

I mean work.
Well there were lots of interesting questions asked but an interesting one I read was that with the WFH home it seems SHOP may start outsourcing labour to places outside Canada. This could have many implications, backlash from people, cheaper labour costs, etc.
We need a groupchat yo I got some real ones like you I talk to as well
Same
Hope you're right. Bought shares at $47 today as it started dropping from $50, then it kept dropping to close at $40. Hopeful for the long term.
AyyyKon and Younggg JEEEEZAAAY
[deleted]
Not a bad move man. 35% ain’t nothin. Up 150% on my puts tho. Put gang. Also. In case you missed it. DD attached. 

XPEV SHIPS 4K CARS PER MONTH

LI SHOPS 3K CARS PER MONTH

NIO SHIPS 5k CARS PER MONTH. 

XPEV MARKET CAP: 32b

LI MARKET CAP: 28b 

NIO MARKET CAP: 62b. 

IM UP 150% ON MY PUTS TODAY ON NIO LONG BEFORE CITRON POSTED SHIT. CITRON ONLY VALIDATED MY CONCERNS. THEY ARE UNJUSTIFIABLY OVER-VALUED. 

PUTS INTO EARNINGS. THEIR EARNINGS WILL MATCH XPEV’s AND THEY WILL SLICE IN MARKET CAP TO JUST SLIGHTLY ABOVE XPEV. LETS CALL IT 35b. 

NIO $35 AFTER EARNINGS. 

11/20 NIO 45p, 11/20 NIO 39p, 11/20 NIO 35p (all up over 100% today—$20,000).
Friendship with China over, Bill Ackman is my best friend now
How are you feeling now? The pump EOD was absurd, lol.
How do you get to that conclusion? Seems like pure speculation. Tesla is the sure bet of the two
NIO calls
Travel nurse
That was a rollercoaster
But Nio has a cooler name tho
I will need to find a new entry point. I had 2 ev stocks trigger a stop loss today. Xpev and nio. I'm thinking to only rebuy nio and skip xpev since I jumped into li at 31 today. Thoughts?
Who wants to start an EV company with me ?
You shouldn’t do that. You sold for a reason, don’t buy back in bc you see an uptick in price. Just remember that there will always be another stock to ride up. Source: I used to do that and lost every time.
Jesus christ is that a spread at least
dr mantis tobaggen says the virus will continue. calls on PTON
I’m 19
What kind of guitar?
[deleted]
The EU has counties that are so broke, they literally gave them the PIGS acronym. Immigration clusterfuck, aging population, high taxes.....I’ll take the US anyday
Because they have a short position and can’t afford for it to go up more
[deleted]
Are you long term bearish?  

Let's see them positions dad;
Assholes wanna buy in for lower
You need someone to talk to?
It’s just where I live
Had some gas station cheese and sausage with a stella midnight. Now I'm eating snyder pretzel pieces (honey mustard because I ran out of cheddar) in a bowl with a spoon and a Boston lager.

Switching to bourbon and cold war later followed by scotch and valhalla. My roommate Chad's girlfriend (my wife) making burgers for dinner I think.

NIO 11/20 48C
Probably because the vending machine at your middle school is more profitable and reliable than a Chinese downhill derby car.
[removed]
If ur reading this wtf is wrong with u. It’s Friday grab a damn beer
ZM
Too bad he'll be gone before the vaccine is ready. What an idiot.
I really appreciate the kind words man, it's sometimes easy to get lost in the cycle of ruminating on bad thoughts but I've been neglecting a lot of what you said. I've been so focused on making money everything else has kind of gone the wayside which is probably what's making me feel worse. So thank you for putting things back into perspective
Bro last time I checked, this guitar was like 1k to get and it’s jumped to 2k are guitars like covid resistant
I didn’t fomo but lost some gains
Yea you trade KODK on the day it went to 55+ intraday? Had maybe 10+ breakers in a day.
Glad I loaded up on SPCE calls instead of NIO calls yesterday!
Wow that totally makes sense YOLO & SOLO.  This guy right here needs some awards.
Thanks bro not all regards are mean.
I’m going to guess $52c NIO 11/27
I respect their autism but at least be bullish about it damn
11/27 355p here.  Basically all in.  Should have waited until we test out new ATH though....

That pump at close.....
That's not slightly concerning?
Is XPEV marginable on TD Ameritrade for shares?
You need more lines on your chart
when your forced to be long on nio but don't want to seem like a bag holdin theta gang cuck.
Well I deleted the DD so... yes but since you’re not a post reading scrub and read the daily discussion which is the move. Here. 

XPEV SHIPS 4K CARS PER MONTH

LI SHOPS 3K CARS PER MONTH

NIO SHIPS 5k CARS PER MONTH. 

XPEV MARKET CAP: 32b

LI MARKET CAP: 28b 

NIO MARKET CAP: 62b. 

IM UP 150% ON MY PUTS TODAY ON NIO LONG BEFORE CITRON POSTED SHIT. CITRON ONLY VALIDATED MY CONCERNS. THEY ARE UNJUSTIFIABLY OVER-VALUED. 

PUTS INTO EARNINGS. THEIR EARNINGS WILL MATCH XPEV’s AND THEY WILL SLICE IN MARKET CAP TO JUST SLIGHTLY ABOVE XPEV. LETS CALL IT 35b. 

NIO $35 AFTER EARNINGS. 

11/20 NIO 45p, 11/20 NIO 39p, 11/20 NIO 35p (all up over 100% today—$20,000). 

Good luck. You’re welcome. This is the only free DD I’ll ever give, and I’m only doing it because I want all you call holding retards to know I’m right, and you’re retarded.
Take away Tesla’s tax credits and they really aren’t shit. Def not profitable.
TIL everyone on this sub is gay for Linkin Park gd
Isn’t citron they’re competitor? So of course they’re gonna talk shit . Everyone sold most of there shares today . I’m waiting for Monday to see what happens .
I’m for it
overnight trading kicks ass
So how many actually got burned chasing Nio..? I wonder if it made more people money than lose it here.. fomo was hard not to join
Curious why you think it’s done
All of them will moon. Fuck Citron, they manipulated the market for their own gain.

NIO 54c, LI 40c, XPEV 50c expiring 11/20. I'm in balls deep and I won't be losing any sleep this weekend. We'll be fine fellow autist
You can only laugh at people losing their shit over NIO being at $43. Feels like yesterday everyone was wondering if $17 would hold.
Don't forget about HSAs. It's another way to hide money from taxes and you can spend that money on anything as soon as you turn 65
10 on Monday would make me break even cause I’m $5k deed
Exactly
 51+ by Tuesday close. It's as certain as the sun rising
Based
When a woman gets aroused her pussy gets wet, if she's turned on enough it gets really fucking wet, when she cums everything contracts, it's gotta go somewhere.  Clearly you've never aroused a woman before
Up 35% on my calls rn. Bought when nio was at 40.75. I’ll prob set a stop loss Monday
No capital needed or can get a credit to open a position - just meet a margin requirement. Plus you can leg into a few different plays once it's open depending on how things move.
[removed]
YOLO into SOLO at open! You heard it here first folks!
You dont think its run-up already?
I know, and I don't give a fuck
[removed]
Yikes yo
why would citron even downgrade it anyways
Just deposit 25k and no restrictions. Or always save two day trades, one in case you do something retarded and one more because you’re going to do something retarded again.
How would I go about becoming considered as credible as Andrew left? Most his valuations have been wrong and his papers read like an overdue high school assignment but people still listen to him. How can I become this retarded and still earn millions manipulating the market
Oh no i dropped this magnum condom for my massive dong 😳
There’s always that guy who’s like see, I told you and posts his link
you may be right. NCLH probably has a good chance of survival:

https://ca.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN22J2PN

but it all depends on covid
Look at it like this. Is Tesla the only game? No. Does NIO and XPEV have a viable product? Yes. Was XPEV earnings quadruple that of expectations? Yes. Will this trend continue? Yes. Is the Chinese government pushing for more EVs? Yes.
Praying Warren Buffet squeezes andrew left out of every position he owns
Friendship with NIO is over, SPCE is my new best friend now
They also shorted NVIDIA in 2018...quite possibly the best company in the world
If you live in the Midwest, 200 Grand annually lets you live like a king
[deleted]
🦀🦀 ELON HAS COVID 🦀🦀
 [You get up two and a half million dollars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPjNFp0diWE), any asshole in the world knows what to do: you get a house with a 25 year roof, an indestructible Jap-economy shitbox, you put the rest into the system at three to five percent to pay your taxes and that's your base, get me? That's your fortress of fucking solitude. That puts you, for the rest of your life, at a level of fuck you. Somebody wants you to do something, fuck you. Boss pisses you off, fuck you! Own your house. Have a couple bucks in the bank. Don't drink. That's all I have to say to anybody on any social level. Did your grandfather take risks?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/more_load_comments the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ha don’t worry I promise you I know less than you. Just curious what your plays will be since you seem to actually do homework
[deleted]
God speed my dude. I wish you the best
He ruined the best rally ever. It was going to 60 lol
If Tesla has a car with autopilot good enough to be a robotaxi before 2030 I'd be absolutely floored.

It is such a hard problem that you really need a nearly legit superhuman AI to do it right. Solving autonomous driving before AI is going to be hard because the whole reason humans can drive in so many multitudes of uncertain conditions is we *know* what we're doing. We're a conscious agent aware of what we're engaged in.

When you take away the consciousness and just try to base it on rules or patterns it inevitably shits the bed. I'm not suggesting a supervised autonomous car can't get *very good* but that last bit of fully removing the human driver is way way harder than all the work that came before it. In fact, it's probably the hardest complex problem humans have ever tried to solve.
🇨🇳🚀📈 only papi 💋
Guess you ain’t black
[removed]
100% pee sorry man.
Do I smell some insider info?
stonks but you're the one getting played.
Tesla is a strong American company.  Elon even talks shit about the sec and they do nothing.

If Chinese Elon says one wrong word Chinese tesla is fucked
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/alibabas-singles-day-sales-top-74-billion-up-26-2020-11-11
Dr. Mantis Toboggan is the only medical expert I trust
[deleted]
This DD softer than dick skin
Yea go with the spread
100% pee sorry
You dont have, like, a job or anything?
Just gonna hold all my NIO calls that I bought at the top of 53$ till earnings and hope for the best
YOLO ON SOLO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Citron shorted Shopify at $120 now it’s $920, they can suck these bull testicles and get fucked again
Def not pee
Yes I do .. I didn’t sell at a loss. I said I sold net 0 ... +\- 0
Ain’t no way brother. You’re too late. NIO takes a haircut to $35 in the AH after earnings. It’s now (or latest Tuesday) or never
FDX!
Yeah it is mostly piss
Soros has absolutely nothing to do with Microsoft, trust me.
Sono has been on a nice little rally for the past few weeks, approaching its 1 year high, but it’s still a slow mover all things considered. What are you positions for it?
ANDREW CAN SUCK MY LEFT NUT
I have, and the build quality was shocking....but still a cool car.
Are there circuit breakers for individual stocks?  Especially for AH meme ones.
Esketit. Sorry if I blow up your retirement ... ... it’s just money?????
Be sure to watch their Hollywood Bowl tribute to Chester
Anyone had RKT calls exp today?
Lol and tesla is not? Nio has more potential than tesla in the long term that's for sure
Hopefully
It will likely drop, whether is to $10, $4 or even $15 and never look back is anyones guess. 

Purely based on this subs 88% bullish sentiment, MM knows there are many long term Call holders and unwavering shareholders who are confident as long as it does not drop below $9 again. The house will always want to win, so they very well would dump down to a very low amount, logically speaking, forcing us to give up hope and sell, and ensuring your Calls never make it. 

I'm really hoping I'm wrong, but it seems very logical and I'm always on inverse WSB - If you remember Sept 2 Calls, SNAP and even NIO today. Following WSB you would have lost your life savings.
Fortunately for you, Friday afternoon shit is almost always forgotten by Monday morning. We'll have plenty of Corona news this weekend and that will be the focus going into Monday unless there's another Pfizer-type pump Monday
They’re going to issue shares until they aren’t
KNDI only China EV that ended green and had solid AH
What's his name?
[deleted]
The most accurate part is that your portfolio is only $1
[deleted]
Yes it is. What else would it be?
Nah the Chinese stocks can get screwed. Don’t bet against America 🇺🇸
Nio already was 50+ and I sold, it was nice enough to drop back down so I could buy back in before it does it again next week, also yeah if it's flying across the room it's pee.
China Scam for sure. All pump and hype. They deliver 5k cars a month? Are you shitting me? This ain't shit hahaa. Earnings are going to suck dick.
Yeah thanks, i don’t mean to say you will lose, i’ just saying to always be fearful especially when the general sentiment is greedy as this whole fucking sub shows
Asuh baby buy some NIO puts
See yuh soon
It's Chinese ccp can shut it down at any point its a pure meme stock
Agree don’t like drake
Yup, agree. But it's like ma right, you're winning until you get snapped off
Lol RH says Fisker has 2 employees. Hope they're each worth 500k for your sake
One of us
Cool, tyvm
[deleted]
How the fuck is the SEC not all over them then. Lol bunch of crooks
Positions or GTFOOOOO
Cutting out the middle man. I’m gay so I’m long on shares but I agree, AAPL will continue to grow. I even pre-ordered one myself.
They can seize whatever assets they want to with war powers
Pizza is the only correct choice then!
Truth
How many have even touched/drove a Tesla?
Sure, for shareholders. Option holders (95% of wsb positions) took a 60-100% haircut
UPS and FDX gang going to be up bigly by EOM 📦📦📦
a move towards work from home environments in canada like what is this trying to say?
Shut up baby dick
Fully tarded. Congratulations 🎉
Drove the Chevy to the levy
Maybe he's not talking about food.

Idk tho I'm pretty hungry rn
Stonks only go up
Daaad ?!
Lies, Robbinhand doesn't even have customer service through phone. They do have a number but an automated message tells you to use their customer service through their website and hangs up.
Tech not gonna moon. For one,.it already did moon so stonks expensive. And no stimmy this time and loans leaving forbearance means no spending on overpriced gym clothing, overpriced exercise bikes, and stupid amazon junk.
It’s float is like 6 billion it can’t moon
Short that shit to Valhalla.
That stonk never moves m8
Is the Hindenburg too distant now?
Ok thank you I’ll follow you then 🍻
Electramechanica vehicle has retard strenf
Janet Yellen being considered for Biden's Treasury Secretary.. For those who don't know who she is, it basically means 4 more years of tendies
Bro i hope i am wrong too, it’s not up to me unfortunately, just pointing out a possibility
The play is to get the state-owned company that makes them to subsidize the cost as they expand, so free Nios for everyone. Luckin did the same thing.
cheers m8
Can Li hit $40 by 11/27🆘👂🏻
SPCE
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtrly2/the_only_dd_ill_ever_post/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Look at this. I post my NIO put DD here... I get upvotes. People disagree. We have a good time... 

I make an actual post on the sub... 23 r/investing bafoons come out of the woodwork to shit on me. And not in the fun way. Tf. Daily discussion for life. Never will I post again (IT WAS MY FIRST EVER POST)

Fuck you u/TreeHugChamp and u/Twist-17. Broke bois
Not many girls can squirt, but it’s not pee lmao
Bloomberg: Former Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is under consideration to be Joe Biden’s Treasury secretary
[removed]
look up an image of their car model and maybe you'll change your mind
It already did and uncontrollable pee because she was fucked so good
Tesla make solar roof and power wall and has huge contracts with Australia power grid so it is very unlikely for Tesla to crash they even make ventilators they even plan on making air conditioners and air filters
[deleted]
Tricky. If they stay in favor of the Chinese government you're good to go....if not....you fucked.
u a virgin, kid?
👀
Oi no brits allowed bloody wanka
finally convinced that these are massive pump and dumps and gonna tank into oblivion starting next week
How did that fucker day nio is not worth this much but piece of shit tesla has 1000 pe. Stupid fucks over reacting
Nio calls before earnings then puts Wednesday morning
Yeah im holding nothing changed to make me think now would be a good idea to dump my shares.
hahaha Dr. Thunder. Never seen it. Will have to check it out next time I go.
good bot
Why is only losing house money sad?
No, just sell before earnings
They themselves would do it
Hopefully BA gets crushed minday
This isn’t a conspiracy thread.. literally lost half my account on DKNG calls.
Signed it. Fuck Citron for taking advantage of their "prestigious" position to fuck us for their own benefit
Linkin park really?
LEARN THIS : PRICED IN
Don’t worry I’ll always be here making (and more often losing) you guys tendies
Futes flat af
Second option.
For sure. The way that money is handled is absolutely insane. Makes my head spin
so is the AI mostly markov chain text generation?, or is it some neural net model?
Rest in piece
Give more details. What’s premium for both
Do you use a similar strategy? I wouldn’t mind starting a group chat for day trading
Why pay taxes?
After-hours disagrees
Don't tell me it's fully operational?! I want my Cybertruck
If Citron ever IPOs I'm shorting the shit out of it
Why'd you take the losses instead of holding? The price target for XPEV is pretty high.
Spy could have made me a millionaire if I went all in last Friday’s close. Instead I only turned $8 into $411
Wow the only DD you’ll ever post and it got deleted? They’re ruthless over there. Don’t let the tightwads get you down. Report it here
Probably so but I don’t do that shit
Hard Truth time boys

Girls "squirting" is just pee

NIO isn't going to 50+
I’ve spent more time and made more money from listening to you retards the past few months. Ironic isn’t it and thank you
The other problem I struggle with is you have to be right once in a while.
I bought Nio $45 Puts 12/04 when the stock price was $48 yesterday for $4.55. I knew yall were fucked when Nio opened at $54 and my puts were still worth $3.90. I hope there is a rebound, so many people people have Nio Shares with a cost basis of 50+. I watched at least 1 million shares get sold in AH.

P.S I sold at 8.00 because the China EV hype still scares me.
Listening to Linkin Park since Chester died makes this millennial cry 😔
$100c 12/4 looking tasty rn
Here's how much of a dumbass I am. Cashed out before Sept drop to buy a car (no not a Tesla, that's my alternate universe self who didn't sell his $600 tsla calls in April). Forgot about being a peasant means day trade restrictions, locked for 90 days with few k in the account until Nov 27. Finally have enough to put into account to end restrictions, but placed a large bet on spy 340 1/21 thinking it was safe ITM and far enough puts but of course it was right before that insane vaccine pump. Now sitting with day trade restrictions. FML
Your trip is short
Dicks out
XPENG having rough AH
selling NIO calls is probably a better move

i bet the IV is straight through the roof
[deleted]
Traffic in my city still not normal. Got close in the summer and a few 'ol rush hour jams and accidents then it slowed down.
Legit answer
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Jane&#39;s Addiction - Mount](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kAIMlISHhU) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kAIMlISHhU)⠀►►⠀ 2:46 / 4:09 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
THATS WHAT I LIKE TO HEAR! LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
What a shit week to trade the spy..
SAME reading cocky bullish statements make me feel reassured about my puts
thats true, but SPY actually returns closer to 8 percent rather than 5%.
Just 500k nbd
[deleted]
Any reason you have synthetics rather than just shares?
I had to read the title 3 times and it wasn’t worth it.
It's not like Tesla's build quality is anything to write home about, you're purely paying for the massive iPad and the drivetrain. A Mercedes half the price absolutely blows the build quality away
What strike / expiry?
Hail Satan ?
Alexa play Mountain Song by Jane's Addiction
Thanks my man
Long
Hi it's me your Monday
It woulda been zacharys
One of those magic 8 balls
I work for a multi-family office and our cut off is $75 million but the average is $250 million
I went balls deep in spy puts
So what you're telling me is that there's limited downside? 🤔
You must’ve bought in at $54...
MACD crossovers are somewhat reliable when you pull the charts out.

The Sept dip and spike on the "blue line" makes me nervous as a short-term bear. Blue line intersecting the orange line on the way down is a bearish signal.

Looking at the recent rally, that dip could be pushed slightly higher if we get some vaccine bullshit Monday morning.
Lmao what?
Don't get ahead of yourselves--even if we all know we're fucked, if recovery is the play of the hour that's what you play
Totally agree... I feel like many of us are like family here. We all are wanting to make money. Some of the comments I have seen are downright sad laughing at those who lost money.
I’m worried about the insane IV. NIO will have to fucking crush it like XPEV to overcome the crush.
Scientifically speaking, if you were to combine a bear and bull trader...surely you would have the perfect retard?
Nahh ,earnings is gonna be LIT
Looks like PDD stole the show this month.
Have you been on this sub?
I got 1700 shares lol
I just hold because I'm long on the company, I don't care about the daily fluctuations. Set it and forget it /boomer
Welcome back. They always ban the most entertaining people
As someone that’s Chinese- ewww the Chinese
[deleted]
I hope you sold when it was up .00001
Bro I legit got 23 dudes from r/investing poopin on me. 


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtrly2/the_only_dd_ill_ever_post/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

I deleted the legit post. Not my daily discussion comments.
Everyone still wants in. Mooning mission will continue.
Wait Nio makes cars? I just bought it since I like Neo from the Matrix.
Ban.
Only going up lol
100k shares, so $5million
I mean we all saw what can happen to this shit. It's either the path of NKLA or TSLA.

We all know it's a overvalued but as soros says "When I see a bubble forming I rush in to buy, adding fuel to the fire"
Yes, may as well pack in it and leave
took $300 losses on xpeng and li shares just now after hours

a little sad that i let myself get pump and dumped but that’s just how it goes
Why would you give him crumbs? That's his mom's job. Trickle down economics.
Already got it and vegan so mcd's out of questions
Short or long
Citron bought NIO puts on a Cayman Islands account.
Da dream
I’m not gay
Y’all banned me but I’m bacccccck.... broker than ever
100%
Walmart Dr. Thunder is money
Andrew is that you?
if theres a sell off im BUYING!!!!!!!!   i can only hope
You cash these bad boys out?
Also shorted shopify and Tesla. Is he really allowed to just make money shorting companies and then buy back in after creating an artificial dip?

It must be so easy for him to make money
Good job mane
[deleted]
I had a limit sell placed on my calls well below the peak today and it never got filled...
r/politics everyday.
What is more accurate

Friday After Hours

or Weekend DOW?
[deleted]
Consider this your official memo. SPCE is next week's meme stock, surrounding the upcoming test launch.
I have a handful of PLTR 12.5 synthetics expiring 11/20 - any reason to own the stock or keep rolling them?
Bruh the idea that the sun rotates around the earth wasnt based in science at all. It was just "common sense" and "gumption" of the church. Science is what actually proved that earth rotates around the sun.
Just have fun then mate I’m at Uni and I use my overdraft but I know most people wouldn’t do that. Good job I’m an Autist
So is NIO fuked?
[deleted]
I'm hearing "buy NIO free money" in my real life. Bars, friends, family. That can't be good.
Part of me wants to sell CSP's like this rather than 20 different companies. This is a subtle reminder for me to not take large positions..

I'm about to take a few hundred shares of PTON today but luckily it's a small portion overall and the rest were OTM. I'd say wheel this shit, but 400k worth doesn't sounds like fun.
Remember, no tendies in the champagne room
And there are few things the world dumber and more risk tolerant than young drunks.
None of the executives I know use a case.
Feels good to know I wont be staring at charts for 2 days.
Hey, my brothers. I hope you had a good week.  .

If you're down, sad, isolation is weighing on you, PTSD, etc be sure you tell someone this weekend. Don't struggle with that alone. 

If you don't feel you can tell anyone nearby, message me.  I'm happy to talk to you.  I care about you.
No but I mean. I share my shit in the discussion thread. I get shit on but it’s all in good fun. I shit on others. It’s fun. 

I just made a legit post on the sub and I swear to god 23 r/investing and r/stocks dudes just came out of the woodwork to shit on me.. deleted that shit real quick... and not in a fun way... the real g’s are here. 

NIO puts. Been sayin it since Wednesday. $35 after earnings release.
fomo a bitch huh
Eww Chinese cars
NIO calls.
I installed a mail slot on my parents basement door, so they can just feed me beef jerky and water through it, so I won’t have to leave the basement til Elon cures COVID.
[deleted]
⬆️✅
NIO will be fine and higher in long term. But expect more negative news coming in short term. They are struggling to compete with Tesla at pricing and heavily in debt. I will not surprise they will do an offering in short term. The bright side is Chinese government definitely will bail them out, since they will not just watch an US company dominate their market. They even mentioned in government documents, separating battery and vehicle is the direction (NIO's plan). Chinese stock is all about politic back in China.

Actually NIO,XPEV,LI they all has difficulty to compete with Tesla, the delivery number is because of the booming of the overall EV sales, Tesla is actually taking over more market shares in orders.
NIO puts will print 🐻
Hey, my brothers. I hope you had a good week.  .

If you're down, sad, isolation is weighing on you, PTSD, etc be sure you tell someone this weekend. Don't struggle with that alone. 

If you don't feel you can tell anyone nearby, message me.  I'm happy to talk to you.  I care about you.
Zero.... My trailing loss triggered. I'll watch it next week for an entry point but I suspect it will drop further first... Not sure... I'll read up this weekend.... You?
Death traps. And with all the shit drivers out there.
Short cover
No
Yo who else had NIO 100c 11/13?
absolutely
3 hours
You think we have a lot of Chinese people on wsb lol?
It’s still close to a $10,000 gain. I’ll take it.
imma need like 17 of those coupons
bout em in 13.00 ish and calls into feb 2021....  im attracted to the zero debt!!!!!!!  this spec has a ton of potential.... could see them m&a
🤔
We’re all fucking guppies man. Algos going from growth to value back to growth back to value all this week.

I honestly think they figured out how to push us out.
Lol do you know what a wash trade is and what it means for your taxes
Damn, this thing could be a bell ringer especially for how cheap you got the 69’s for, nice I hope this thing continues to be a cash machine
Puts were EASY money from beginning of March to about the 20th. Then if I had gone balls deep in calls, I'd be a millionaire right now.
You deleted your NIO DD? Why?
Oh sorry was including their own citizens, especially many in their rural areas, plus concentration camps. I've played with BABA, getting into NIO, but it makes me feel a bit icky.
To think that this all began when they shot a guerilla back on May 28th, 2016
Imma be honest, I thought NIO was just another meme, like NKLA. After hearing about all this Citron bullshit I think I'm even more bullish on NIO. Could it be reverse psychology to get it to pump more? Idk but it's going to rocket next week. Fuck Citron, all my niggas hate Citron
6 7/11 pizza slices worth
Yeah I'm in at 21, adjusted cost basis is around 16. Am I sad to "lose" a couple thousand today? Yeah, but I'm still up bigly on this position so overall I'm gonna just hold.
Not to mention they said the same about Tesla, had to retract and say they were going long and recently have said yet again that Tesla is too expensive. Prick
Andrew? Or am I missing some kind of joke
Curry
[deleted]
Yeah take the money and buy the $COD, play it, and then take the rest and save it for McDonald's when you walk home from school.
Yeah saw some drop tests on it. The screen is a tank. Back is still fragile tho.
Damn nice . I hope to have gains like that some day
If you have puts you'd thank him already
We drink together on this night
Truthfully you can buy trendies for $10 each from people.
Fucking quality
Bought some puts so headed over to r/coronavirus to confirm my bias. Where else can I read bearish news?

Don't worry, I still have a shit ton of calls and leaps.
Glad the sentiment is bullish. Makes me feel good about my puts

These are the same retards who only just heard about citron today
Yeah I'm not doing anything serious, just playing around with a grand for weeklies and long term
The bear case for everything is pretty clear.

But if you don't think we're going to 3700-3800 before a major correction, you're gonna lose money chasing COVID cases.
It was always bodies
I have $30c 11/27..expecting big gains I held on tight through two shit days with them happy I didn’t pussy out
Go for Stephen
Uh your IQ is too high to be here.
I’d talk to my doctor. If it isn’t allergies I’d be afraid it’s something autoimmune
I feel that the longer this stock gets held down, the greater the POP will be when it happens. This is not a meme stock, its a money making machine of a company.
She doesn’t seem to remember you
[deleted]
[deleted]
When do futures open?
Out of interest have any of you retards actually touched/drove a nio car?
It's a nice and profitable bag. I'm up enough to justify it
SOLO is over, friend. She has pumped
Locked and loaded with $41p 11/20.
Prolly should’ve wrote from 4 years ago lol
Spicy curry to teach your butthole who is boss
I haven't made money on Puts yet. I find myself more successful with Calls.
You aren't wrong (check my username).
Yes, I second this question.... how much money do you have in your account to sell this many contracts??
You got this bro, get that bag
h0w Do u kNoW iT’s t3h t0p? 🥴
You are, without a doubt, a terrorist
Good pizza or like Domino’s?
May as well get a test. I gotta cold and I am always masked up and wfh and cleaning shit
Godspeed retard
No crash yet ????
Imo smart money was just happy to have an excuse to drive price lower and buy more at a lower price via Citro’s gay bear ass article. It’ll still moon next week 📈📈📈📈🚀🚀🚀🚀
tbh there's no "official" definition but publicly available sources set the number at least 30 million... in either case (30m or 500m) we can agree it's a ton of money anyways
Fuck Alex Left. All my Nibbas hate Alex Left
Do yourself a favor and look at GME before and after the 2013 release of the PS4.
Phew sold $24 PLUG calls that expired today
NIO is going on a mad one next week
didn't know pltr was hiring 4 year olds
I’m going all in Palantir. As a SWE in AI and admirer of the talent and work Palantir does, this type of big Data analytics and ability to structurally solve clients data problems they didn’t even know they needed, will be Google or AMZN like in 10 years
CCP News: "Yesterday, Andrew Left of Citron, formally resigned, in order to spend time with family in Himalayas [undisclosed location]"
He shorted NVIDIA in 2018...possibly the most legit company on the planet. Nuf said
😂😂😂😂😂
Curry
That makes sense since people can't wear masks while drinking and they always sit together because it's loud and the only way to have conversation.
Curry
One of them just issued more shares during the pump
Need a 2+ bagger stonk to go all in on
RH is fine for casual traders who only play weeklies or want to invest long-term

definitely wouldn't recommend if you want to day trade
NIO with the aftermarket fade. I feel like the earnings will be a negative catalyst, cause even with great growth numbers (in a good case), they still make people look more closely at the numbers and I feel like that's a bad thing for them right now.
This makes me feel like I need to take testosterone. This makes my balls look like raisins.
These Citron analysts--they're manipulators, they're liars, they're crooks...and some of them, I assume, are good people.
It means they are getting to production and not end up like Nikola. Fisker already has an operating vehicle.
[https://twitter.com/SLRAsset/status/1327384316796489728](https://twitter.com/SLRAsset/status/1327384316796489728)
I'm 100% convinced Citron was short NIO last week and when they saw it getting closer to ER they hat to pull 1 last hoorah to break even on their short
everyone that didn't blow up their account makes their own trades.

no one shares shit anymore
I'll need to see your position on GME
Printer goes brrrr?
Your wife’s boyfriend clearly gave it to you. That bastard
[deleted]
[deleted]
Rocket reminds me of AMD back when it was at $9 I was telling everyone how good it was and how it should be more because of xyz. Now look at it, so just keep buying and the day will come when it just doesn't stop
Should I order pizza or curry

Thanks curry it is
Well this aged poorly
Why can't Apple announce a vaccine?

Tim: One more thing ladies and gentlemen, we got the vaccine.
That's pretty cheap (I know Porsche offers a subscription service like that) that's over a grand a month. So that price point is quite surprising. And will do!
I dd your sister, puts on her oral skills
NIO to 65 when?
Multitude of puts on the run back up after the March crash. UUP Calls were the main culprit, but there were like 8-9 bad puts plays
Hmm might play this or Nio
RemindMe! 4 Days
[removed]
I lol’d
[deleted]
Do they schedule facial reconstructive surgery during covid?
Dope.

No spreads tho which is trash. I hate going in single leg
So like tree-fiddy worth?
Andrew Left had the easiest fucking job on the planet. I could’ve written a better paper than that when I was 12.

How’s what he’s doing legal? And why is he considered a credible source?
According to Apple it won’t crack either!
Get a test - have a friend who got it out of nowhere.
Hey you have to ask to use my image like that
[deleted]
Thanks bro! Have a good weekend and I hope you make a lot of money next week!
Tushy... err I mean touchè
Citron also tried shorting NVDA on multiple occasions.
It was pretty range bound today. Made a killing selling 3 cent swings. 190 trades today, trading a few thousand shares back and forth.
day trade with a cash account
Must be nice stealing tendies from the good people of WSB
Just my luck
Medium term calls. Unfortunately the market has yet to acknowledge Rockets value, so no weeklies. I have December, but honestly January is the better, safer play. I genuinely see it at $35-$40 EOY.
Probably a personal project. Same thing I'm working on for my own data analysis. All hail BDFL.
Oh sorry, I was thinking of wsb from 9 months ago, carry on
Or really I noticed that's wrong, my after tax is basically around $10.
Post pics of her asshole
Lol yeah it can.
“We decided to just send COVID into space, so we don’t have to deal with it anymore” - Elon
600$ minimum
Lmao you can either believe me or disbelieve me
Dude, you never bet against america. Ba will never fail.
Feels the same to me
Amazing so far got it on gold. Rocking it naked. It looks too clean to put a case on it. 😎
none this weekend 'cause we gonna get that Moderna news
but it didn’t go up
$10 in a week or two? I was thinking $10 in two months around the time of the expiration. But I guess with all the EV hype it just needs a mention or a bullish price target.
Nio recovers.
Well done on the NIO puts brother
I called robinhood customer service to complain because I kept losing money and they just gave me coupon to undo 3 trades of my choice in the past 6 months. A+ customer retention policy.
FSR shadily pumping AH
They just reported their projections, what's so illegal about that? Maybe you should ask those who react to them.
Shares. Retail can't really access US options in EU. Got abused as fuck through binary options
Corona isn’t cured just like that, wait it out for a week.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**RKT**|**$23**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-04**|**$1.12**|**$21.85**|**303**|**107**
|**RKT**|**$25.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-04**|**$0.54**|**$21.85**|**115**|**8**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgy162pftns0720pjldsok7) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Jack-Skinne/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
What'd you lose it in if you don't mind me asking?
I didn't realize the military produces refrigerated trucks. 😉
You need to googl her up 'hedonic treadmill'
Bigly if true
[removed]
So if they go back up into earnings, you gonna avg down on those puts? I agree some short calls or long puts will print hard post earnings but I don’t agree that it will drop back past 40. A lot of big money got in on this dip and are here to stay 😶
Up 57% last month ugh
I got 2 payday loans worth of puts on SPY and 5 rent payments on NIO puts along with 50 Big macs worth of QQQ calls
Please give me a real reason BA should be up.  Nothing has actually changed yet.  No real change til Q2 2021 at the earliest.  Airlines are reducing their orders.  This is premature.
yeah they literally dont. did you see that video a few months back of that edm festival in Wuhan? it's literally over
"-They have a super cool business model where they lease out the cars for $370/month, and maintain and repair the vehicle for free throughout. No contract needed, user can return anytime."

Download the Fisker app and blow your own mind on what Fisker doing differently than the other companies who no way will be profitable from EV cars.
yo so do them hydrogen fuel cells even work or what?
Youree joking, right?
How you making $2700 a week
[removed]
Why not just buy all leaps?
Here in Arizona what killed the shit out of the spike in the summer was simply closing indoor bars.  That is one lock down measure shouldn't even be a question about.
How is this DD
Depends where you're from. Usually it's how well you can keep up with the Joneses.
What the fuck is Pelatan
Nice try retard.
Calls on ROPE
We can only try bro. We got over a million autists strong 💪🏽
Gotta love Saturday 14% rebound.
Guys should i drink my life away instead of seeing the outcome of having a fully stay at home portfolio going into Monday morning after trumps vacs pump
God I love shitcoins
Nio was essentially bankrupt less than a year ago and only exists now because a state-owned construction company bailed them out
The great drinking of our time
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bought $16c 2/15/21 calls for .65 forgot to cancel my $3.5 limit sale I set up in case they tanked after ER. Missed out on major tendies to come. still a nice 300% profit
pooooots.......
I won’t tell you how far down I was in real dollars, but I was 95% down last Friday. 6 months of loses. then I regained on ACB calls, SPY calls, Spy puts, RVLV puts (blind luck), spy calls.

Fuck this place, and I’ve learned absolutely nothing
Thank you
May the best retard win
i like those odds
[removed]
“I had puts at 54 long before any wave” really? When did you buy them? Last year? Last month? Why didn’t you post it before it hit $40?       

I’m sorry, nationalism in China is a real thing. They actually make it a point that you have to be pro China(authoritarian) in order to do business there.
Or that Giraldo bit “my son came up to asking about terrorists (in a little kid voice) ‘how come the bad men hate us daddy?’ And it broke my heart.  Cause he’s 16” or somethin like that
Yellen back with the money printers! SPY 500 under Biden
Lockdowns get announced Sunday Night

Spy moons Monday morning
Picking up mine tomorrow! Do you like it so far?
Lots of cons to webull
432 is 10x greater than 43.20.
Bruh, they got 66 employees. How many EV car bikes can they make? Joke
SF rainy mood rn makes me crave a solid blunt. But just gave some dude on r/leaves an inspirational speech. God help me thru this.
WSB is now a technical indicator
I don't know that's really comparible. The reason a company profits is not the same reason it receives investors. If a company is making huge profit every year but at a stagnant rate, that stock isn't going to receive as many investors YoY because it isn't growing. When investors see momentum in growth they want to invest, so they can grow their money (growth stocks). Certainly visibility is a catalyst, and is the main reason for a stock's overvaluation, but it is not THE reason people invest in a company. And if you're not considering growth when you're investing, then you might want to look into bonds.
Better question safer play short term or long term calls?
Military is distributing
ur my hero no cap
I just look at the pics. Who reads profiles?
I can get down with this. All balls on this guy
DD my sister is a traveling nurse since covid, they are letting nurses work who have covid and no symptoms. They are doing blood type testing on staff to see what’s up because O- is reportedly safe , O+ doesn’t have symptoms
Do you think it’ll be worth buying on Monday open? Surely run up to earnings hype will propel it even if it performs shit in ER
As soon as half of us get wiped out Thanos style
IVR
Can confirm. Been in philosophy/humanity and comp sci courses.

Both of them think they're smarter than the other. At least phil majors are willing to leave it at a maybe or agree to disagree. Comp sci majors will email you continuing the convo at 3am 2 weeks after the initial argument.
[deleted]
Fact! They also shorted NVIDIA in 2018...then went long a bit later

I predict the same for NIO
It's actually pretty easy to start one. We can call it FOMO, we'll hold stocks based off of positive volume and robinhood  investor recommendations.
Judging by his profile picture and name checks out. Hes a mayor, can also be pinpointed quite quick by the necklace. His position is outside Wendys in Atlanta. (University Ave) He also recently spent time in Urrbrae, Australia, judging from the sap stain of the dragon's blood tree on the outer fabric of his left sleeve. Now one might think that this could be from the Canary Islands, but you cannot travel to the islands from the US currently. On a retired mayor salary, one cannot afford a large two stay trip like that. However we know the waite arboretum has the trees. This, combined with the witchetty grub residue on the inside of his left sleeve leads me to be fairly confident in saying he stayed there within the past 2.5 months. This also shows he is left handed, and has very early stage mild ataxia.
Sounds boring af. But different strokes for different folks i guess
So it begins...
Lol people are retarded to listen to citron. The same people that shorted shopify and said it wouldn’t go above $200. Now its $1000
I hope you're right. Ride $20K to $200K and lost it very quickly. This game is not easy to succeed in.
just remembered i bookmarked this... how'd this turn out?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Electronic-Fennel-70 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Data says that most infections happen within families or close friends when people visit each other or hang out closely together because you are not going to socially distance or wear mask with your family or close buddies and risk of infection from stores and businesses is much lower. 

How will shutting shit down help with this?
I wanted to but no day trades. Forsure not holding that shit over the weekend. The look of the cars make it hard to invest but that's also all I know about them besides a random dude on here posting
Ultra high net worth is defined as $30 million. So this dude yolo’d less than 10%. Plenty of our-tards here do that every week.
Haha, bet 100 on DeChambeau at 8 to 1....just set that money on fire. Would have made more on literally anything today
Hell yah that’s awesome going to get that today.
[deleted]
Well I don’t have much cash tbh (college student)
I use firstrade noone ever talks about it. I have a small stock portfolio but i havnt been pegged for daytrading. Fee free. Decent mobile app and webpage.
Making $2700 a week watching COVID destroy the midwest, losing $1000 a week on $VXX... watching COVID destroy the midwest.
What do you trade blackcockinvestments
$28-32 spike if they don't blow up next week. I'm ready to collect the tendies
Awesome...
CRSR
Dumbass those whole market is manipulated BA went up 6% on zero new orders
1b cash before production means nothing lol
My dumbass yoloed on FDs and held to the end, almost had a heart attack when PLTR announced an Amazon deal during the conference. Thought the stock would moon
Poor mans buggati. Ha
Good time to consider taking profit?
Are you kidding? This stock should be at $40. And Im not just saying that because I’ve been burned by it. Rocket Companies is the closest thing to a money printer.
Let the drinking begin.
in a lambo
JD gang rise up
Why do you need this many
Cokedupoptions - user name checks out.
!remindme in 6 months
What’s your exit plan here?
We playing SPCE again or wut?
And think of all the real estate that will become available!
Just bought my wife some overpriced jewelry from Tiffany’s after this weeks gains lol
[deleted]
I've seen one called Dr Bob
🥱
I don't even think people in China have coronavirus anymore, which is ironic.
Imagine how easy that guys life is lmao
I’m so numb to vaccine news I didn’t even know this shit was viable a
shares. after the run up drop, just buy a shit load of shares and wait
[deleted]
which stock out of amzn fb aapl tsla msft googl have best green overnight sessions ?
Will keep going till FOMO dies on it. Then it will crash back down to reality.
I want either $4m or three zeroes.
almost good

the tldr was to long
Ah, a tale as old as time. "Made 10k to 100k, should be at 1mil soon" turns into "YOLOd 100k win streak and lost 99% with diamond hands."

Talk all you want son, been here 5 years and saw many posts like this. Went through the experience myself.
I’m posting here to check on how to remind myself on aging.
I’ll follow you if you right bruh.
I believe it’ll still run up before earnings but I think it’ll correct itself by EOW and float around 45-50.

What’s the next big stock going into December?
We got a taste of what the recovery might look like with pfe news.   Assuming it’s gonna die out when we get another taste of lock down
^
From people who've never lived through 2000 or 2009...
I was reading that nio was having issue's in china so 50+ or less than 40
470 by Wednesday would be insane, but I dont know wtf I'm doing so I'm just holding SPY puts over the weekend instead... and TDOC calls
🙏🏼 appreciate you brotha
 Really think it’ll go up?
SPY $400 next week, trust me
I'm praying to the gods of China and EVs that we have a run up on Monday Tuesday and Wednesday on earnings.
Two words: Warp Speed 

/s
We’ll see how “the top” looks in 6 months!
!remindme 6 months
This was painful too look at.. which wasn't my expectation heading into this post.
Yeah I was thinking bodies all through out that sentence
Haha, yes, and fuck you
If we had a perfect vaccine tonight would BABA go up or down Monday?
[removed]
Been with it since day 1 and won't leave, but have been happy to sell my shares knowing this shit is coming back once the meme fades and MM's get tired of pumping gas into it. I agree I think it has 200+ stock value in future but right now it's just a pump.
[deleted]
hahaha RIP. Nice one.
Haha I dig it man.
That I don't disagree with, the issue is from now till time to production. And what segment he operates in, when he releases we will get cars from Mercedes, Audi and BMW as direct competitors. Has to come up with a great differentiation strat
Dropped my new iPhone 12 pro max on my face. Puts on aapl.
Did you buy puts?
Legend. This is the way
We have a vaccine, just needs to be chilled at -70 and needs a couple of doses....I mean someone has to beat that right
I like this. reasons?
Citron is a bunch of crooks. How is what they're doing legal? Nothing but price manipulation for their shorts
Yep. Only time I've had it not settle was veterans day this week
Scott Gottlieb says that the actual cases are easily 5-10x what we are seeing so the actual daily infection number could be as high as 1.5 million. That should get us to herd immunity in a matter of months.
I like your username 💗
agreed. if on the run up to earnings it somehow tanks, im buying more
Where’s the uncertainty? I figured that was the case for the first earnings (plus it was pre-released). But whats the uncertainty now? At the very least, the stock should’ve moved on the announcement of a buyback.
PLTR software platform isn't like windows or adobe cc. They need forward deployed engineers per client to build it out in a problem specific fashion. They have some 100 clients in all these years. It's not easy to scale like other tech.
Just the emo
Better yet how is Nkla up 8% today?
Not a chance in hell they get enough people vaccinated before late spring to really matter.  Be lucky even to get the front line medical staff vaccinated by then.
Too*
Shouldn’t celebrate when you win big and shouldn’t get discouraged when you lose big. Stay the course. Emotions will strip you of everything in life. Good luck my friend.
Does WeBull have options on a cash account? Overnight settlement?
[removed]
haha what's that wannabe Dr.Pepper at Albertsons?  Dr. Dynamite?
So 104k to 0. Boy bout to learn
I sold one of you retards NIO 47c 11/13. You had 500% profit on the last day.. and you didn’t close.
Hey Einstein, not sure if anyone has told you this but there is a once in a 100 year pandemic going on right now, so obviously ICU beds will be needed for that.
TSLA shows it's true power by EOY
Heavy in both shares and long calls.  Seen in it action.  Also, know what the military hates?  Change.  They are now tied into a TON of systems.  They arent going anywhere but up with these DOD contracts.
😔, congratulations I’m actually happy for you, just pray your wife’s boyfriend doesn’t take them all
what's up 17% rn?
Or bodies
Moderna soon. Data was reported Thursday.
[removed]
A guy that ate our tendies.
long 1000 shares and 60 contracts for may/feb
If you didn't fall for the NIO meme you could be drinking citron instead of the shit vodka even Russians won't touch.
FACT!!! Nio about to fly higher
Time to pile my money into SOLO. When has a new EV company investment ever gone wrong?
I signed and now my phone has ransomware
Woah. We only use retard as a term of endearment in this sub.
Calls on Carrier for all the refrigerated trucks they're about to sell to transport the vaccine.
I'm open to offers for my Reddit account.
Even with doing that my options were trading higher than what the chart was showing today
The bankruptcy was a time before technology was anywhere near now. He will crush it this time.
Don’t trade spy, garbage option prices for dick moves
wsbsynth is back? for good???
Literally same thought.
COVID-19 in shambles after this week’s vaccine news
the market does what the market wants
Bless up
NIO still euphoric
A whole lot of horny af guys are half way through no nut november and about to gamble their saving away on some fantasy sports. DKNG is going green.
Pick anything already mentioned.
William Li and the CCP about to curb stomp citron into  the oblivion
Fucking religion man. Lame
bovada
[deleted]
Or sideways
Easiest money of your life
[deleted]
Congrats fuck you
I use tastyworks for most things

WeBull for yoloing on a cash account.

I do like Robinhood for theta shit on super liquid chains tho. 0 commissions for a SPY debit or IC is kinda nice.
These people are not even trading lol
NIO puts
It is clearly going to be the leader in the clown EV market.
Looks like my account since October. Kilt half my gains in a week and just been downhill since lol
Basically there is no vaccine news right?
Diamond hand SQQQ all next week.
Fucking hell.man 😂 it's so hard to tell on here , yesterday a guy was literally fucking saying he doesn't know why he lost money on a short when he closed it at a higher price then his initial position 😂 there's some dumbasses on here bro LOL hard to weed out
Because you’ll wish you invested more and got some more tendies
Shit NIO
This was my worst week ever fml.. mainly Monday. need to stop holding plays overnight
That feeling when BA rolls you for 8k
ELIretard?
[deleted]
I thought Biden “stealin tha elekchun” would have pumped this shit to the moon!! FUCK
Ugh premiums so high on these rona options 

We need like a super sleeper quaternary big brian deep dive company that’s about to moon so fucking hard with decent liquidity, low premiums, high delta, low theta, charismatic leader at the helm that will maximize our tendie rain 

Is that so much to ask
Big tech about to be making their way up next week. They've been the laggards last few months actually.
lmao - we're gonna be way over 180,000 new cases today, and recovery stocks are mooning.
A huge short selling company went after NIO today which is why it took the dive
Fucking Citron shorts Nio then releases a hit piece on the price target how is this legal
Is it Monday yet? I got some cash to hemorrhage.
Exactly. Nio cars awesome + autonomous driving capabilities + subscription battery service + backed by Chinese gov...don’t panic retards this ones a winner
how long till herd immunity with these 170k cases per day
Yes
Your spaceship is about to blast off.
Delaware, we have nfl parlays but thats it
To many words.
Bruh telling people this is america on reddit is the most American thing you can do. God bless you.
good evening wsbians.

somehow, i'm regretting SPY 352p 12/11 already

but i have long calls on a bunch of other shit

i sold my PLNT puts at +80% just in case vaccine shit causes it to pump
[deleted]
Yeah he's got talent and a lot of momentum now. Can't deny that
Do you mean for options or shares?
Were men wearing skinny jeans back then ?
Still get fucked.  Make sure you enter the actual implied volatility though, otherwise you might head fake yourself
Bets on the next big meme stock?
Good luck man, use profits to build up a long term
Wwe 11/20 $60C
Normally they share bad news on Friday at close. I'm thinking that the vaccine pump isn't as bullish as it could have been. Monday BLOOD RED or $ROPE.
could go up could go down
Dude that's so shit. What state?
I’m fucking with you 😂😂😂
NIO calls
If wsb pumps the market cap enough their gay rules don't apply.
Still bullish on Musk.
Interesting, I'll look to go in Tuesday or Wednesday
Buy LEAPS, then theta doesn’t matter
Atta boy, pump it
Decay on weekends is minimal.
[deleted]
Ha. 5his really doesn't explain 85% of the rest of the market that's mooning. Same problem as RKT. Fucking bread lines.
I’m really not. I got to average down quite a bit I’ll be printing next week guaranteed. Just not as much as I would’ve like to haha
Apparently at the 2 month mark, given the number of enrollees in their clinical trial, if the vaccine hits certain performance benchmarks it will be deemed a success.  

The 2 month mark is sometime next week.  The Moderna vaccine is a similar type (mRNA) and targets a similar CoVid protein as the PFE vaccine.
Yes
[removed]
Are you playing calls next week? I think it might go up to 470 by Wed
Theta fucks you every minute of every day
I love when they play the music for whether markets were up or down
Sports gambling isnt legal in my state so this is how i get my fix
I hope your wrong, I can’t bag hold this for months
Citron has a lemon for its logo. It's about to get fucking squeezed. This is the same company that told people to short Shopify when it was sub 200 and Nvidia back in 2018.
Shutdowns by EOD Monday
$180 is NOT a YOLO. Take yo ass back to small st
[deleted]
Bitch what? It won't go up it just won't go down
Make it solo
I don't think you understand, when you work at a company sir, anything you do under that company in that work environment is the property of the company. Clearly you've never had a real job LOL
Assuming you’re serious, famous short seller. Follow his Twitter it’s good info to have in case you get stuck in a stock he targets.
Wrong sub
[deleted]
[deleted]
You can say that any over-valied company is up "too much". With earnings hype, this can only go up. This is an amazing short term play
Your daddy
Rona clearly bullish. If we hit 500k cases / day SPY gonna limit up.
It’s all interpretation. I see a taint with an asshole forming.
This is the correction. Markets were way too low.
I take it you’ve read a couple?
I hope Citron gets fuckedd hard with Nio short. Scumbags!
Peeked at the Hopkins rona map and found it weird that GA is the only state showing "green" (declining virus spread, not their RH pf).

**https://imgur.com/a/hWpkeUw**

Shit popped from 1500/day, to 6300, and back down to 2300 within a couple weeks.

Either 2300 is the new support level, or this shit is rigged even more than the S&P American retirement fund.
Copy pasta? Fuckin Guido
Because they were HIS TO BEGIN WITH
I'm not even going to even bother even watching the video, market manipulation, they are creating the dip and buying it, it's not that hard to comprehend
Christ, so you think a market cap like apple or Google or Amazon is reasonable? Get real.
Predictions on zm  for Monday?
And September 3rd was really bad
It’s this company that specializes in sending retards to the moon
Does optionsprofitcalculator.com not account for weekends or does theta actually fuck you on Saturday and Sunday?
Have you actually looked NIO cars? They’re fire
I stand corrected: your ignorant, rude responses and baseless comments on how you think you’re rich are the most cringey.
So many ways to say that rather than sow doubt. I think most educated people have known for a while that rapid tests are not reliable at per person level but are just used to get population level data.

The nasal swab one that hurts and takes a few days is the only true test. Yeah it's not instantaneous but it's the best we've got. Can't argue with reality.
I have done no research to support my position. Lol!

But the last time I rationalized my positions I lost 30k on $TSLA

And the last time I didn't rationalize my position I made 50k on $NIO

Obviously less brain power = greater tendie production.
did you account for the whores and tendies?
Who's your boss Pritzker or Lightfoot ?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wtf Europoor, US retard doesnt know what he talks about. US is just broke and does not got money to spent on public transport. Better stuck in rush hour 2h a day, terrible air and no way for the poor to get around, a real achievement. Still worse roads than in the EU.

Also some European countries make US look like a third world country (regarding infrastructure and policies) and these got the best public transport.
SOLO has zero chance of making a run similar to NIO. NIO is done as well
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/cantemperaturebeans don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How much fuckin margin/collateral does this require?? Wat the fuck
[deleted]
Le Cordon Bleu is not a business school
The vaccines are beautiful
This
So who else offsets this degenerate gambling with being a degenerate sports gambler as well?
Big green on Monday. Dow leading. You could tell at close. Pump will continue. Have a good week.
Can’t wait for everyone to panic sell their NIO calls like they did Wednesday morning 😋😋
My suggestion would be to take a break for a lil bit
Yes sir, filling gaps from Monday 364 open on decent volume.
Fuck I wish I doubled down on NIO I can just feel it’ll reach 60 on the run up to earnings now before correcting again I’ve lost a load of money for nothing
I'm hoping for $60 by the end of the year
0
Yah but there’s more to life than money. I don’t have fun anymore
SPCE test launch
170k cases, 69k hospitalized

Stay safe out there
[deleted]
[deleted]
So I’m a fan. I have calls for Monday for another overhyped vaccine weekend pump. You are right. I will be joining you Wednesday.
Is SOLO the next Nio?
Ever since I invested in RKT I can't stop thinking about it. I am their biggest fan. I never want those 3 glorious letters to leave my sight. I wrote RKT on the ceiling above my bed. I wrote RKT on the inside of my eyelids. I am in love with Jay Farner
Low
Makes sense. Thanks.
I am bull nio and has sold covered call. The problem with nio share price is not that it is overvalued tomorrow. It is overvalued today.

Chinese markets will allow it to grow, but share price is far detach from technical. U should at least expect it to visit 20D moving average every now and then.
Yeah I don't see why it wouldn't run up, xpev had a nice run up and both companies have already released their delivery results so seems like earnings should go well
Accepted into college for business so take it from an insider, NIO opening high Monday
This is exactly how your parents feel about you and how you will end up feeling about your children down the road
Thanks I kinda lost all motivation now tbh
Someone give me some retarded plays please
Maybe you can afford a phone plan now
Will I get theta fuxked on my nio 60c weekly or IV can still save me to get out during the morning pump?
Why is SQ so poopoo
Seems highly unlikely. Might make a couple hundred grand tho. Now if you were buying leap options you might have a shot. I’m thinking of the doing the same but haven’t grown a full set of balls yet.
Lol I can see benefit in a right-leaning economic agenda. But mitch caters to evangelicals, which are the worst breed of human being.
Seriously who the fuck is citron????
[deleted]
I'll look into that
Yeah they’ve been averaging down on all their shitty positions
i can pump your mom for some bread then give you some crumbs
Bulish af
Yeah and then got sued for copying their designs LOL
Doubled down in puts
Up almost 2200% in a year and a -10% day is the sell off? 👌
Just put it all on 0DTE
Lmao
[deleted]
[deleted]
Earnings has historically been good but had a sell off with NIO bro, so idk really, because XPENG and Li reacted very well to their earnings prior to this whole bullshit today with the loser short seller who's wrong 99% of the time. So it's really 50/50 on what happens, there won't be many surprises in the report (maybe improving vehicle margins and some Md&a interesting outlooks). But it's anyone's guess what happens regardless of the performance, if your risk adverse wait till after , if your willing to go balls deep buy before but I only own shares personally, the risk with options on this stock is nutty.
>Like my dude just admit you bought puts and want that stock to get dunked but quit pretending people won't connect your user name to <username.wordpress> as nonsense you just made up

I literally have no idea what you're talking about you sound like a schizo lol.

I'm a nio long btw.. heres one of a few of my long calls

https://ibb.co/BTNgn8Q
Woke up $10k up, saw I'd been $15k up before I woke up, was super giddy, checked back in later to find myself down $5k :(
I’m hi daddy 🤩 where you taking me out tonight to celebrate?
So many meme stocks have been born since March that it's hard to know how they're going to behave going into another pandemic spike. More meme traders back at home? 

Maybe. Some of the more durable meme names have hit what seems to be a pretty durable air pocket. Tesla is 90 points off its August high. GME well under its high.

Will there be a constant rotation where old meme stocks are forgotten forever? Or will there be "sector rotation" back into old meme stocks. Tough to say.
The guy LITERALLY worked foR AM
What are the odds spy goes down Monday
Illinois is going to go into lockdown again. Just got the heads up from my boss.
I'm all in and feel the same.  But if you'd have bought calls you'd have regretted that move also with these numbers

https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/us/
20k today on fisker pump
I just came
[removed]
A step up from Robinhood Is Webull-I really like the layout-
That’s a lot of testing with the same nurse
[deleted]
My condolensces
Sell before er. There should be pop before earnings
Good. More money to throw in the market
And solo. Wtf was that spammy shit.
I think his point stands that with all the testing and testing technology - it doesn’t mean shit unless they are accurate AND timely.
Those states won’t vaccinate anyway
It's the weekend bro.
Controversial. What brings you to this conclusion? It's not Nikola or Theranos. A legit product in an early market. Mix that with the Chinese love to buy their own product + their fast and loose commitment to the smog - they believe their mass manufacturing of solar panels and going green will reverse their current climate impact and are using the coal revenue to finance it. As a few year prospect surely?
You’ve got one life to live. You break your phone you buy iPhone 12 Pro.
[removed]
$NIO open 55
I just noticed today is ATH close for SPY 358.10. Before today the ATH close is 357.70 (Sept 2nd).
Yes you can. It's bare bones as can be, but it's free and you can gamble the lunch money people give you
They have to be lurking here
dont worry, soon when it is less volatile  people will move on
Paid a hooker via cashapp yesterday. Showed her how to buy stonks and told her to invest in NIO. Guess who's not getting a discount next time [🤡](https://emojipedia.org/clown-face/)
I fuckin hope not
Why does everyone keep talking about moderna vaccine news, did I miss something
Wiped my act again today, think I need a new video game
MGI secret GEM safe heaven
On what other basis are we supposed to YOLO our life savings off of then? Tell me sir
The only reason they let Tesla in so easily was to study the model and replicate it lol
I’m asian so uhh yeah your not wrong
I'm in on the JAN 1/15/21 $350 Calls. Not been a good week to hold those, but I am hoping it'll work out
I can get behind this... hope the news is big this weekend. 

Even if there’s a sell off Monday from underwhelming news it’ll be another good opportunity to load for the long term.
I used to go out 4-5 nights a week. Now I just sit at home doing nothing
lost $400 with my call options :/ looking at the option activity, looks very bullish next week. 

My opinion is big banks gonna be analyzing DKNG Q3 over the weekend and I expect an increase on price target next week
ooga booga
Metal gang fought the good fight
[deleted]
Had to wait two weeks before this post seemed relevant.
We can start by banning anyone that mentions NIO
🌽🌽🌽COB MOB 🌽🌽🌽
-1000 contracts. Almost collected the whole alphabet this week selling to you tards ❤️

[https://imgur.com/a/4u1H43z](https://imgur.com/a/4u1H43z)
I don’t discriminate, I’m a SPY and IWM guy. The pumps are going to keep rotating around. Tech, financials, industrials, you name it.
Im seriously thinking about it. Any suggestions?
48 is definitely a pivot point. See my post about it earlier today. That said, people are going to be spooked going into earnings Tuesday especially after the Citron hit piece.
Best meme ever
Clang gang
people who ain’t double down on NIO 🤡 🤡
Nah, hourly. But in all fairness, most of my calls are boomers not understanding the internet and getting locked out of their accounts.
not nice cock
200$??? Lol
I came real close to selling today.  Ended up holding off, and the stock started bouncing back.  I would have sold at the exact lowest point.
Market melt up is starting. Low estimate is SPY 380 by eoy. Upper estimate is 410
Put 10% of my accoubt in 357/363 spy call debit eod lol

Obviously breaking to the upside here
Purpl was legit bullshit crazy. Respect the guy who managed to pump a fucking mattress company
[removed]
I'm the retard, up vote Me!
This could only end well.
Idk what’s more cringey: the all caps, the 3 edits when there were only 2 people that responded at the time, or the fact you’re trying to act like you’re smart saying the same thing everyone else has been saying all day.

You’re right at home here.
drink 3 glasses of milk per day
The regular one. Size is a full. Also got their pillow and sheets which are great
Dictator is the key word there. They can force quarantine and shut down travel with full control. 

Also, our US companies which hold factories overseas report their employees sick rates more accurately than the govt would. By using statistics a big enough sample size should represent the country big picture. 

It's more believable than you'd think.
MAKE WSB GREAT AGAIN
Holy Shit. Is this what considered research in Short Seller community?
Tendies are tendies
Doesn't help they wait bankrupt the first time and the founder got sued by Aston Martin
You can trade stock on cash app?
Join me.
I’m listening
Whats the cutoff on what is considered rich? I know here its someone who can order a combo at mcdicks but what do yall really call rich
Three warnings I believe, the fourth being the one that flagged me for day trading. Any additional day trades after that while below 25k in account value brings down the sanction hammer on your account. I’m in the process of having the restrictions removed.
Lost 3k on ZM puts on wednesday, then lost 5k on ZM calls today. Still up 300$ for the week, but fuck if I had better impulse control I swear I might actually turn a profit eventually
Su Bae for life
It's only poor people dying, market won't even flinch.
Thanks! Will do
Poach a quince and put it in your oatmeal
do people actually care citron
Yep. You have huge balls if you put 10k on that but would have paid off
money is worth whatever society thinks its worth. so NIO is worth whatever people keep pumping into it think it's worth.
Sounds like you're pretty optimistic about a run up to ER?
Beyond EV (or tech in general) anyone got any other interesting plays. Look at hopping in on GRWR calls next week after it did so well this week
That had to have originated here...
PLTR 🚀 🌙 🚀 🌙

also tdoc is gonna be huge.
use a diff broker
Elon doesn't understand how rapid vs PCR tests work or what. We have enough misinformation already.
Bearish
I know CEO of PLTR. We helped eachother put healing crystals into our stink holes whilst smoking synthetic weed at Coachella.
Shut up💯💯
Awesome buddy. Enjoy the new comp.
Pull all that out and buy a multi family property if you have credit and provable income
This week I started using RH. You might think it's trash, but I only started playing around a few weeks ago on cashapp, so it's an improvement
GRWG
[deleted]
?? I never claimed that shutdowns would make airlines go up, learn to fucking read you kindergartner. Hence my sentiment of- I pray that airlines don’t kamikaze off shutdown announcements.

I’m grasping at straws
except nio will bounce. ford is basically a bankrupt company.
This is usually how long I take to reply to her, about an hour. I like her but id rather just talk to her in person
I think it touches 60 no matter what. Everyone that wanted out at 50+ got out today and then started buying back in at 40.

This Friday was just a repeat of the last two Fridays. The same swings, just with a lot more volume.
What did mango have to say
Sorry Timmy santa isn't coming this year
He probably bought NIO at 53
Puts on zoom then
RH doesn't allow options for cash accounts though.  The instant you try, they'll switch it back to margin.
[deleted]
We are your job security. We are one. We are retard.
SPY 9/10 day green?
Communists are fair tho, at least I'll get my fair share

I'll show myself out
And you guys wonder how stock bubbles happen
As long as it’s consensual, I suppose...
Finally the answer I need
I was confirming his retardation. Dumb retard
Is SOLO about to go buck wild? Cautious of buying at the top but also cannot dispute retard strength shown by all NIO imitators lately.
Took me about 30 seconds of rereading it to realise it didn't have an e.

I read the article briefly and then looked at all the analyst information, seems to still be a steady stock. Will probably be all time high again by Tuesday.
I’d say that seems highly unlikely,...but also true
NIO makes awesome cars and is backed by the Chinese gov....you think they’re going to let it fail?

Sometimes things are more simple than they seem
I mean, if that’s all you have left, we’ll take it. ✂️
MOON better get the options poppin'.   
I'm gonna play that baby like a fiddle.
NOW I see the descending cup of NIOodle formation. Ok, glad I sat that one out.
What did mango have to say?
Sigh we haven’t have a good “gang” in a while.

Nio was half-assed and short lived. GME was weak.

PURPL was alright. TSLA and AAPL were the days.
I just wish Trump would play in the Masters this weekend. He’s the fucking president, do an executive order or some shit.
seems wild but its only 10%, we almost had a 10% week, it's more mental resistance but yeah
Dude, baba is going to be fine. Ma just didn't bung enough money. He will next time
🍆😮💦💦💦
Worldometer has USA at 177,000 new Covid cases today.   Up 50,000 cases for the day in just one week.  Back to over 1,000 deaths just today here in the USA as well.
https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/us/

2020 market.

Bullish
I know priced in is kind of a meme and kind of true at the same time, but is next week's potential Moderna pump already priced in? We had another travel bounce and covid stock dump already today.
[deleted]
I completely agree, believing in a national conspiracy made up by a 75 year old orange man on Twitter is the equivalent of being anti mask, anti vax, flat earth etc.
The tards in this sub who pray so hard for others to lose money are some sad individuals whose RH has never gotten past 3 digits

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

(NIO 65 EOY)
[removed]
should’ve sold dumbass
But essential econ activities aren't stopping.

Not a real lockdown.
Is it Monday yet
Source?
Market is at ATH, obv it’s not March all over again. It’s much worse!
We haven’t had a beautiful YOLO in a while. The kind that makes brokerages rewrite their rules
Losing money :(
He’s putting a lot of confidence in the electoral college. Better hope none of them went to college.
True. Mine fell on concrete the other day face first and I was like plz don't break. Phone held up well, no scratches or cracks.
No, the wave is puts since it was at $54. It went from $54-40 in one day and you think you’re smart telling everyone to buy puts? You do realize that they have CHINA’s backing? Think Huawei but with evs. Good luck.
[deleted]
Your a gentleman and a scholar, thanks again!
They buy and sell every other day no biggy
Even better
Let's say stock is at 100. You sell 110 call for 50 dollars. Stock plunges to 80. Your shares lost 2000 in value but you got back 50 so your net is - 1950.

But if you have 10k in cash and sell a 90 put for 50 then you get assigned at 90 and your net is - 1000 + 50 = - 950. ( because you bought 100 shares at 90 while they are at 80 you are 1k in the red)
You can only comment in this thread as a reply to a top level comment. Reply here for general votebot discussion, discussion of volunteer moderators and what they're getting wrong, etc. Try to keep it related to votebot and spam content.
In my company the clients we deal with ultra high net worth is defined at 500 million or more. Not sure if that is just our definition or not though
People that post on twits are the same people that post "I keep my circle small!" on FB
Went from 11k ~ $500 over the last 6mo. Decided to deposit $1000 more and only trade 3x a week (using 3 day trades a week) on M W F during my zoom college classes in the morning. Went from $1,500 to 13K in a month was working actually really well. I would just google “biggest pre market movers” in the morning and at open wait 15min for _____ to start mooning and yolo it all in, as soon as it slowed or passed 30% I would sell. Then on Monday after SPY 4% gap I threw 13k into spy otm calls and then fucking RH went down and an easy 10% gain turned into 2k the next morning :( anybody else been screwed by RH
Wrong forum bud 

r/smallstreetbets
Because we are all retards
Me
Back at ya
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
As someone who purely looks at things in terms of the economy, holy fuck these people suck. Spend your money so that it’s in the economy moving around. Most issues we have are due to the fact people hold wealth too tightly, is we raise consumer spending so many things would be better.
I feel like the actual phone is so slippery and small. I need a sticky bulky case just to keep from dropping it
not growth but visibility. the same reason cnn news anchors make 10 mil a year. its not because they are talented, its because of their own brand name and visibility.
I got in at 47.7. We good. Just dont be greedy if you get a nice chance to get out
I just want Baba to be okay. I wouldn’t be so attached if it weren’t for the cute ticker symbol.
You made money on puts today...
He could have bought 500 tacos with that.
You should be ok, I have 11/27 55c that I plan on selling before Tuesday.  At least your not the guy who bought my 65c 11/20 this morning
You missed the joke 🐱
About 450
Got to pick a side to make money
'in the long term for sure it's a bear trap' - my thoughts entirely. My concern is when to buy again
Open through bottom notification and sell it.
nice cock
thats enough! hes dead already! 




only to come back from the dead next week 😏
Damn didn't know about the hanging part. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Not as retarted as you, you dumb ass degenerate
GUYS



The market does not give a shit about COVID



Fuck your puts

If you want to buy puts on spy just cash app me at least I’ll spend your money on FDs and not hookers
Bottom was 39/40. Wirh earnings coming up, it cant flat out dump back to 25
What if it’s only 50 percent effective and men who took it dropped a third testicle
you'll be rewarded.
I definitely prefer a firmer mattress, but that sounds comfortable.  Hopefully they'll show up in retail around here.
After March, it'll seem that way.
I bought a pink glittery case for mine. All cuteness and minimal security. I like to live my life on the edge 😎
I swear these fuckers are just copying WSB
[deleted]
I like that idea. I was long stock into earnings and had written 17.5 calls against the position. I thought for sure I'd have my shares called away after the AH reaction but...


It's selling at like 2.2x FY 2021 revenue which seems ridiculously low (at least in this environment). NFLX is like 9x. If you figure out why that is, let me know
oo ok i see what you mean, wasnt aware RH even had cash account option
39
Were going up on monday. If you bought puts wtf are you doing
tbh asking if he’s sarcastic is worse than if he wasn’t being sarcastic. ur so stupid
$52 :(
Everyone has that same idea, so probably not, MM will shake all of us out
2.5M is your fortress of solitude! Don't lose that!
Yeah, I know lol
Why should we care?
And the cgi
Yep cock
[deleted]
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$35**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-20**|**$1.03**|**$44.56**|**13066**|**28815**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgxbgrifirt0720qq7l2fuo) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/DiscountPSEdits/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
At around $50 :(
Held zm calls all day not selling
[deleted]
Imagine knowing this
Fucking China man they built their economy on stolen IP
I have an etf I know boomer that has Baba as the top dog and had it not been for JD, it would've been dogshit right now
It’s not tho.
He means this upcoming week, smh.
I know smh
The threat of the MRNA vaccine announcement and a repeat of Monday is why I held off buying positions in ZM.
This does not make sense to me. Because you’re holding shares?
So one more funny point about this show airplane. Ten minutes in I saw two groups of people have a problem with southwest and the agents said we will give you a travel voucher to make up for it.

Compare that with airlines today. It's like dude we got you there didn't we? Be grateful we don't charge you $20 for a diet Dr pepper.

2004 v 2020


Anyone who wants to watch it it's called:

Airline: rowdy kids disrupt flight from Las Vegas.
Mostly greed and retardation...
[deleted]
I got burned with trying out options back in August/September so I decided not to mess around with it anymore. 20-25 would be a perfectly acceptable turn of events 1 year from now for me, nearly doubling my average cost per share (13.74). It’s basically a sit and don’t look at play for me over the next year no matter what.
So you’re trying to ride the wave? Are you going to be telling everyone to buy calls on Monday? Find another stock to talk about instead of one everyone in this sub has traded at one point in the last 12 months.
I’ll Venmo you $25 if so.
Shit man, sorry to see. Get them on the phone, asap. If you cannot, you'll find out Saturday morning how they handled it.

Option houses need exercise instructions by 5:30pm, and I'm not sure how TDA handles this by default since I specifically instructed them to DNE (do not exercise). I am inclined to believe they would exercise your ITM calls by default though.

\*If\* you end up short 600 at 3105, you may get really lucky and be able to buy to cover underneath. Pre market trading starts at 4:00am...
Spotted the anti masker
I was doubling down near the start of the day like a good little autist!
Earnings Tuesday
God help me, my strike is 52 :(
Bro why, even if you are bullish and fomoing, it’s bound to pull back b4 keep going. (I don’t know if it’ll keep going, i bought in at the dip today, gonna sell my calls eod Monday and keep the shares for earning)
I honestly think the traffic has gotten worse than pre covid. It may be due to the fact that people no longer want to take public transportation which makes sense
You cant get IV crushed unless you hold through earnings. And puts are retarded considering it already sold off
Same exact boat. I feel like a fucking retard.
As soon at nio sticks it neck out jinping is going to snap it off.
Lot's of bulls in here. I'm a gender fluid bear for now.
Funny how it’s a lockdown, and everyone is still working.
A downs case in Gucci shoes is still a retard. Godspeed.
Jokes on you, retard.  You now owe taxes.
GRWG
why would shutdown make it go up
Yes. Gap down for NIO on Monday.😌
Stimulus, vaccine, and printer ink talks going well!
Which flips me to bullish
Cb
[deleted]
I wouldn’t buy any penny stocks but made a ton of money of weed stocks this week. All MSOS
Moderna are clearly going to announce the second vaccine next week. Why wouldn’t you load up with calls on value stocks right now.. free money
r/smallstreetbets
so wholesome
Lol what?
Take a poor man's gold. <Au>
[deleted]
I think you missed the reference
Is there a way to cashapp citron some of these GAINS that I received for the nourishment of my body?
Citron shorting is a good omen, they shorted NVDA and SHOP when they were both around $100
Airlines green Monday? I pray with all the Covid shutdowns that keep coming in
Ty I needed this
Let’s get Fs in chat, boys
Do less
[deleted]
Calls
The 🥭 administration will use this as evidence
bullish on stay at home stocks. locks downs already starting in oregon and New mexico
Yes
I mean obviously rooting for tiger

I like dj and rahm. cantlay is hot
It'll be cold spaghetti in 2021. Trend is old already. If you're not in since pre 10 there's no point unless you're betting against.
So nobody bought puts as a quick hedge when the report dropped here it spent a half hour above 50. What are you guys doing???
Spy 370 on Monday because of vaccine moderna
How do I buy ZM call now please tell me
Almost exactly 75 k$ post tax this year. But things are trending up (let alone if I ever get a kid/dependent spouse)
This
🌈 🐻
I use my one plus 8 the same way. A case just feels wrong.
I only speak Canadian tho :(
Correct. Although if you place any value in Cathy's trades, she's been buying the shit out of tdoc for like 2 months now.
RemindMe! 64 hours
WSB is bullish which means bearish sentiment coming in hot
>Sir I only buy toyota corollas

Oooh, buying imports. Well la-di-da, Mr Rockefeller.
Bull
OTL - explain?
<3
Do K12 if you want smol premium.
I think that’s outside of my profit tolerance, sorry man
No
Type moo into the Robinhood search bar. It crashes the app
Umm...are futes rippin?

Just got back from a lil hike
Confirmed
Why?
I want a subreddit of just this meme
Really? Which one
thats good because potatoes go well with tendies.
lol, and if you buy shares it’s somehow different?  Those two positions have the same risk profile.  Selling a put first is slightly better in most cases as put premium tends to be higher than call premium.
[deleted]
This was me with CBAT when it hit 6.30 lmao
No
Ahhh, more like $0 or $1
What u talkin bout
How dare he honestly
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/DiscountPSEdits don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Andrew left and his fucking gay bear army
Bear 🐻
Stonks got assigned. Pending til market open. Only way to not make irrational moves.
If you’re rich 125k is your birthday party at a club.
ok so nio was overdone for the month of November, it probably goes back into the $30.00 range, it was hitting a new high 8 out of the 10 trading days we've had so far in November
Hey, r/investing is two doors down.  This is a casino, sir.
lockdowns in oregon and new mexico confirmed and more coming by the hour and day. buy your zoom calls fucking now. theyre going to be double by monday.
So are we bearish or bullish?
fake wrassling > nio $100 eow
Your not alone
Which one did you get?
I tried doing csp, but i think it’s too conservative, return vs buying power and time is just too low for my taste. And with the market the past few months, it has been too volatile both up or down for csp to really work, im either neck deep in the red, or green but missed out on massive gain had i bought the stock.
It's at a bottom with earnings coming up. We gucci
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   365.0|0.98|1.0|0.99|0.51|15.976%


SPY 365.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc7ehzj&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
How did you lose money today we were green
PLTR Feb $25 calls but that might be more like a 25x gain
NIO puts over the weekend smart or IV crush?
Uhm if stock takes a huge shit then selling covered calls will lose more money than csps. Your shares will lose more value than the credit you got for that covered call.
last earnings they dumped 10% and volitility dropped to 30%.  good luck
You’d be up up hellauva lot more than 900% 😂
Other media firms pick it up and made it into a headline. It’s actually citron garbage
I use my iPhone 12 with no case or AAPL care. Makes sense I trade options
depends on vitamin deficiency for autism or whatever
Averaged down my SPY 11/20 $365c today. How’s it looking for next week?
Seems you're a bit short
Look at all this retards fomoing into NIO like it's TSLA or something lmao
I think smart money keeping out due to that massive share lockup.  That's the only thing I can make of it.
New super omega ultra death covid virus discovered
I sold bc I seriously don’t know what this stock is going to do lol
Damn man resilience. Why not stop over leveraging ?
Lmao big facts
That would save my life
U gonna be rich
Nio at 49
[removed]
Gone broke eh?
Sign up to their free news letter that sends you an email of the trades they do end of day. Gives good insight into what they believe are companies to succeed or find promising.
its not like heroin bro. its just a funny sandbox of opinion. go od on heroin
There's this other sub now.
Been shit the last few months, remember during April I’d get home so damn fast
💀
Quality meme
This is no different than being a flat earther imo
Nice! So it’ll keep the downward trend for a little while you think?
God help any of you tards that held NIO calls over the weekend.
Tissue hands
About a new Mac book. It was January puts. Just to be safe lol
I listened. Shorted it. And covered already. Why wouldn’t the longs get puts as a hedge this morning???
imagine thinking this
Lol can't be dumber than people who bought nio at $53
Your*, retard 😎
[deleted]
Anyone else feel like WSB is losing its magic?
*LET IT RIDDDEEEEE*
i just need to go buy ZM calls now. i feel really dumb for not buying before close and holding through the weekend.
Lol, what’s the point if things don’t blow up
Yes
[deleted]
[deleted]
Also 2k4 -> 5k
Never trust wsb
[deleted]
Mango mad, no stim, he gonna break shit so biden can't have it.  Monday 🌈🐻
It’s oddly both firm and soft at the same time. Granted, I had been sleeping on a brick for the past 10 years but I recommend
Imagine you put $10k on that, $4.5M in a few hours
Must be cool to be Citron. Wonder how many put contracts they had before dropping that article. Must have been nice to close those out and use the profits to buy the dip before earnings. Wish I had enough sway to create artificial dips. Heard they pulled similar bullshit with Shopify.

Position: Nio 100 shares @$21.20
That’s awesome man. Congrats! How many tendies that get u?
Yooooooo IVR has been goood to me this week
I feel dumb as hell for holding spy puts
Who wants to be 90?
How do I buy puts on women approaching 30??
How many shares do you have left?
What was the price of the stock when you bought?
Lots of uncertainty. Is the housing market going to burn itself out? Economy is in tatters so?
Those things truly are great, have one myself
Short squeeze time, likely going much higher
Are we ever gonna correct after this massive relief rally or do we just keep having a -1% day in between a bunch of massive rippers?
its ok, i went from 25k to 30k back to 26k. was nice while it lasted and i should have taken my profit at open and sat out today. gotta tame the gambler inside of me.
I lost everything you absolute melons I trusted you
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
RIP
Is Kai Ryssdal our patron saint?
10 at open
??? nio didn’t even hit 60
Big banks no whammies dawg
big balls, you have them
This is so retarded but make sense, upvote
Maybe AMC puts eod wasn’t the best idea
What's your strike?
But what about in 1-2 years? I don’t think that’s too unreasonable right? I’m thinking of just not working and getting a bunch of outdoorsy backpacking and traveling done for the next 1-2 years. The earliest I would consider selling would be October of 2021 which is almost a whole year away currently.
*donald pump speaks*, my puts: I can only get so erect
So his name isn’t actually nintendie69?
Just don’t fucking dance
My puts were 45 strike and I collected around 1 dollar per option so I can sell for a profit as long as it's above 44 at the open technically. But I want you to win too, so it'll moon don't worry this weekend.
Here is your Official Certification for a Class 1 Retard sir 📜
Literally every brand is priced, to a degree, on growth.
why is rkt so shit like does anyone know?
Do people not realize that a lock down will bring the Nasdaq with it?  It won’t go up, it just won’t go down as the others.
Heard rumor ARKW bought a million PLTR shares. Can anyone confirm?
Breakthrough battery chemistry - Elon’s turds
If $NIO holds the bottom line on Monday I'll prolly join you.
It should be
The best part of the city locking down is the commute to and from work. No fucking traffic 

*chefs kiss*
" And there is virtually no coronavirus problem in China." Lets believe what a dictatorship that does all sorts of awful shit and lies constantly says.
I pumped 13k into it, pulled it from everywhere I could, and bought at 51. Was having a panic attack watching it tank, so I can only imagine seeing 100k tank.
3k to 7k
You’re great uncle sounds like a badass honestly.
How firm are they?
What?????
I sold my calls at the top, bought puts and set a sell and went to sleep. Woke up and Santa came lol. My put was actually 10% about from the high of the put.
it can only show that if production in china can beat the 10% of tesla production.... we'll see
What price did you get in?
Ok so,...Run then?
Here is the password to my portfolio: Password1
NIO calls?
BAN! I'm trying to lose my virginity bro
Paper hands
Bro don’t be so negative. You never know what life will bring what you will learn or who you may meet who could change your entire existence. Be smart about what you do always try to better yourself and learn about somthing your passionate in and become the best in that industry. With some careful money management and strong will power and keeping spending to a minimum you may be able to drastically change things. Never give up hope and always try to elevate yourself. Don’t count on a yolo to change your life instead try to change it with lots of little changes that amount to a massive change. If you look at one step of a ladder it’s tiny. If you jumped off the first stef you would be fine now imagine 9 more little steps up and all of a sudden your in a very different place !!!
Fomo though.
I am actually shocked it didn’t drop today 🤷🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
PLTR makes me lil pee pee
It’s not about the money, it’s about the game
https://i.imgur.com/F9u3UGr small man
Covid over brah.  Close your puts and buy calls.  This is your final and only warning.
[removed]
What. I’m saying buy puts. Anything else I’ve said was me being retarded, yes.
Bonkers
$NIO
You can rent one out though and pretend it's yours for Instagram.
I sold it when I made 50% but I jumped on a $42 put for 11/20 when it started to run up EOD
You can always lose more money Monday :)
exactly same. i got two big things of TP and filled my whole cabinet under my bathroom sink up. ill be good till spring. i saw this coming. bought a bunch of yeast and flour for cooking as well. those were always out last time we locked down in the spring
WSB is as dumb as the rest of Reddit thinking the Twitter user Jose B Dinero (Ultra-wealthy) is a real fucking person. It’s about as real as Holden D. Moneybags ($$$) Christ.
oh nooo 📄🖐 that's rough. i bought a call at the top too lol don't feel too bad. it'll be back up in the 50's by monday afternoon don't stress it too hard
“Ultra wealthy” is the level of status I’m aiming for in life.
🤦🏿‍♀️
Lmao, except if it won’t open at 48+ then you lose, i got 500 shares and 12/18 50C, so im not bearish biased, but no one knows what will happen
I sold my 45p for 0.23 early in the day 🙃
No, you can switch to a cash account.
No, I’m pretty sure you can just leave when your done eating. No payment required.
No
[deleted]
275 $DKNG Mar 19 '21 $80 Call.

YOLO my sweet $NIO gains.
Eww dude, I’ll still fap but come onnn
Bagging them tendies already. Join in
GRWG. The most underrated stock this year
Share the feeling. Went up €350 and crashed down to a loss of €1.2K. Was hoping for a nice run for LI due to their earning report and had bought in at market open.
You good dawg!!
Yeah good idea
It's our way bratha
Shares always okay brother. There’s no rule that stops you bagholding until infinity
Beeetle he’s the baddest
Short term memory around these parts
Profitable week. 39.21% so far on the fun account. 12.74% on the retirement account. No whammies, please!
Depends on how excited we are about the possibility of gains/losses.
Yep, wiped out my 0DTE calls; should have booked a profit when they were up at open rather than being greedy and hoping it would do what TSLA did on a Friday a few months back.
I prefer it maximized personally
with Li earnings being less than stellar and bidens new support for american EV, i dont see nio going on another moon mission like it has been the last week.
Son of a bitch, I’m in.
Elon told people to use Tesla’s shit lol
Well you were spot on, unfortunately it was my puts that were red...LOL. Market did surprisingly well.
Weird flex, congrats tho
Strike and exp?
I was debating whether to sell the 11/20 15p. If exercised that would put my entry point at $14.35 or so.   

Perhaps I’ll do that on Monday. That way at least I collect premium
Same I sold by 9:45 for a 10 bagger
Nah my 🔮 says 48.
What's solo gonna do next week?
Facts
Fact...ppl getting scared out of NIO bc stupid short seller... unlike Nikola, they actually make real cars that are awesome + autonomous driving capabilities + subscription battery service + backed by Chinese gov...

Short sellers have Fomo and just don’t want Chinese company to gain so much value from American equity markets

SOLO on the other hand should be shorted...its garbage
I was browsing youtube and found an old show on A&E called "airplane". Looked it up and apparently it was filmed in 2004. 2004 looks like 50 years ago when you look at people's clothes the tech they have and the decor.
SPY use to be the way, now shit is all so overpriced, lay low and sell retards puts and calls.
who knows, there is only one king who wins the war you know
Can someone explain the difference plz
Same boat, kinda scared
Why has Apple been so lame lately?
Won’t touch it
Did you sell the put or let it run?
Just moved to Sunday
What would it take for us to rotate into tech
This is sarcasm right
[deleted]
lost 10k on 54c and made back 5k on 47p. I did not ride it up unfortunately
Sounds like the kind of person that voted Yes on the referendum.
What are you saying caveman?
Sounds lovely.
I hope we lockdown again. That way tech can moon again and we have April-June all over again and SPY gets to 380+.
Sell it and put the money in stocks
You just said they’re worthless lol. Are you retarded?
Eh probably
I just wanna be a drummer
[deleted]
Well if it doesn’t moon again yes
SOLO is/will be the ACB of EV
Cause I'm retarded and tried to hand diamond hands. I bought it a few months ago and was at one point up 300% but I'm retarded and now they're gonna expire worthless. Learn from my mistake. Dont let theta fuck you.
Bro, this is November
deadass.
Difference between daily and weekend threads
I mean. Neither really. It was a correction that was due. Just premature and overextended because of the article. I mean the high growth comes with high volatility and turns the sector into both a bear and bull trap. It’s a seasoned traders wet dream though. In the long term it’s for sure a bear trap. They will lose everything if they go full bear on this sector.
im honestly thinking so. 500-600 by christmas is my guess.
They always shatter their earnings expectations you'll be fine. That date actually got moved up to Monday pre market so potentially a good sign?
I'm happy after today I didnt get back into NIO, I would have gotten greedy with those $49s and lost it all after today's dump. Imma play FSR tbh, I think North American EVs have a lot of room to run and people are starting to realize that there are other EV options in North America that isnt bloated TSLA or crazy ass NKLA. I dont want anything to do with any chinese stocks as the Mango seems hellbent on escalating a trade war before he leaves.
That would make since if it didn't make him wealthier in the process.
I'm reading the comments and realizing a bunch of you fucktards don't actually realize this is a satire account. I'm proud of y'all.
Except it's going to gap down to 41 at the open.
One of us. One of us. One of us.
Marked
I’m holding shares so might be ok
Direction and timing, sometimes, you get it right. Most of the time, this irrational market would screw you.
Can't tell if serious, but if you are....Research nikola before you put money into a multibillion dollar company that powers their vehicles with gravity (rolls them down a hill)
I bought a Nov 20 $30 put so it should continue falling. Then I'll buy calls dated out to September 2021.
I did buy ZM before close and I feel like a fucking potato
na, lockdowns happening for at least a month or two minimum before the vaccine gets approved. shits gonna blast to the moon like it did in august. buy zoom.
Why do we sometimes maximize shitpost and other times minimize it
Pure luck
You should have bought options then you would have had a realistic chance
Sold my NIO calls at open, FOMOed back in like 30 minutes later, and got left holding the bag. Now my gains are gone and my calls are down 50% with an exp date of 11/20. I'm holding out hope for a recovery on Monday and/or Tuesday... But basically I'm pretty fucked, right?
Could you imagine buying a 0dte 45p on NIO today at the top for .01 and cashing at the bottom for 4.50? Insanity.
Can someone explain what I’m looking at
I would hold....
They bribed some of the tesla designers I think.
And you should've switched back to calls?
Tobacco companies are getting nervous with a new player in the customer killing business.
There is the very little possibility it might be the next big Microsoft or Adobe. Especially since they are big, but niche in their data analytics, and mostly B2B. If they their software and data can trickle to everyday consumers like us, and become a big name rest assured they will be $100 very soon. Then again, they managed to break away from only having government clients to having commercial clients, once they scale to everyday people, I will shoot to Alpha Centauri. 

That being said, this sub is too bullish on this stock for MM to pump enough money to raise it that high. Especially with so many people holding long calls. Likely estimate 20 to 25 in 1 year time assuming no March 2020 2.0 (and that is coming from someone who owns more PLTR share than you). 

Thus always inverse WSB, get puts, make yall bulls and hopefuls wannabe panic sell when it drops to $7, then moon once yall learn your lesson.
Yikes, Mr. big money eh?
[deleted]
[deleted]
You have to pay for that?
You ever stepped on one of these fuckers?
22.5?
If you read why ANT IPO was canceled, its because China literally changed the regulatory environment to such an extent (specifically targeting ANT/digital payment systems) that its questionable as to whether ANTs business model is even viable... I would not touch BABA with a 10 foot stick

edit: see https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-president-xi-jinping-halted-jack-ma-ant-ipo-11605203556
Face bronzer 🤣
Everyone fleeing nio for the safety of nkla.
Yeah hes definitely gonna win that too. Trump knows he's got it in the bag
What uppp
Everyone was off with tsla except a few like arkk. If a conservative company like Morgan says this is a 40 plus stock then it should be more.
I’ll be your friend bro!
Mr. Market don't give a rat's ass about those 2 quarters tho
i got fucked this morning with nio calls tbh then switched to puts. Only down 5k today from nio i’ll take that as a win
At least I didn’t take an L lol just wiped out most of my gains 

Hoping my 49 calls make up for it at some point though 

See you next week!
People keep posting videos of them being sent home from schools.... to quarantine. Lockdowns. People shopping at stores again for water, toilet paper, etc. This is really March 13 all over again
No. I just was right today and I’m riding that high. Thanks for coming to my ted talk. 

Also. A famous short seller (citron) literally posted today what I’ve been posting for 3 days. I mean. That feels good
Are my 11/20 52c fukt or what?
Itll fall for earnings. Its moon was circumstantial.  I think its below 40 monday
[deleted]
with the lockdowns coming, i kinda feel dumb i didnt buy zoom before close and hold though the weekend. i bet its gonna pump this weekend in after hours due to covid.
COVID deaths and hospitalizations surge 🖍
Do you like MRVL?
And it has become a fun hobby that has actually made me money. Most hobbies are time sinks and money puts. Just make sure you’re enjoying yourself and not stressing about jumping on a new bandwagon every week.
Is that literally all they do?
Baba 1000 a year from now.
yeah i get it, but starting with buying shares and then selling covered calls just seems much better. Selling cash secured puts just sounds like a losing proposition.
Wish I had more money to dump into SPCE for a month out.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   400.0|0.0|0.01|0.01|0.01|28.677%


SPY 400.0C 2020-11-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc7dpzd&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
🏅
Bullish
ATTA BOY,LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!
$AY.RO shares
Made quite a bit off of nio, but I fucked up with buying/selling today and lost a few hundred bucks I shouldn't have lost.  Made most of it back buying and reselling a covered call 5-6 times though lol
Smart. Enjoy your tendies
$SPY 11/18 400c
Damn. Lower than 35? Boi you on that citron gas. Man said 25. I’m just predicting the big red line to 35 on earnings release AH. I’d love to see a deeper fade. 

Don’t be dumb. IV will crush. Buy high value puts that will be ITM
fuck them!!!
Well now my puts are super dead lol
Just spoke to the CEO of Covid-19.  Despite vaccine, they are still raising guidance for the next two quarters.
To be fair no one would touch this stock or any other chinese  remember how toxic china stocks were last year
Are yah winning son?  [Me](https://i.imgur.com/bP4rcbj.jpg)
Why?
Rise $NKLA RISE SO I CAN SHORT THE EVER LIVING FRICK OUTTA YOU AT THE END OF THIS MONTH MUUAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
Ya I'm holding travel stox which might be stupid or not considering they just had a huge run
I’ve learnt to never bet against PYPL ppl
Okay, have some warm milk and hit the hay.
I sold some naked puts on NIO intraday since the 1 day puts were like 1 dollar when it was 3+ dollar OTM and now I got assigned (45 strike). This is good news since it'll be like 48+ Monday so I just earned a free 300 dollars per option + 100 premium I collected per option.
NIO hitting 60 next week 🚀
[removed]
Nothing.  Did same a few days ago.
There was also a half hour delay between the Citron tweet and the drop. Some guy here was laughing at $52 saying the Citron tweet couldn’t budge the stock 🤡
I mean do your own research over the weekend. All signs point to a done deal
Thank you for this lmao
i went in on shares and put credits i think this vaccine stuff is BS
no wonder she‘s bagholding FSLY lol
C'mon baby let's rotate back to tech
this thing will hit $10 in a week or two dude. everyone who missed NIO et al will jump in sooner or later when an article mentions it.
Ma is gonna suck some Chinese micro penises, then Baba will go to where it belongs above 350
sure, why not?
Never hold through earnings
Lol do you think you’re some kind of prophet? I will check back on this comment after earnings. One of us will be right.
ban snowflakes please
No
got a PRPL mattress bout a month ago. It's comfy
God I’d say it’d go even lower than 35. If NIO ever breaks convincingly under 40 I think nearest support is in the high 20’s. AH immediately after earnings I could see 35 though. But the rest of week I’d give at least 3 red days if they don’t impress or issue out more stock. But so far even if it goes down the call holders still made more on the way up, easily.
AMC up on Mango man vaccine pump.  Yeah that will have legs /s
The place is a fuckin casino
thank you for your service
No need, Nio is the only trade that retard has ever made. In one year his bank account is going to be burned down twice.
Is it three or four ?
XPENG
[deleted]
Let me introduce you to AYRO
I don’t even know what that means idk how shares work dude
Fuckers cost me 1.8k I had to get away from my phone for 10 minutes and lost it all. I was up 1.7k in like 5 minutes.
If VIX drops below 20 rotate to put weeklies
That’s a winning ticket he will cash that one
Right now is a good entry. Rocket’s still almost at IPO price despite two straight good earnings calls.
If I had seen that article earlier I would’ve bought as much of the dip as I could
What’s Andrews home address
If you buy at the top, you get niod
I think you're supposed to run the wheel on stocks you expect to trade within a range, not things that can blow up
What’s with UUP? SPY gonna be 365 come Monday.
why would you allow your son to invest your money
Went all in on SPY puts buts realize how stupid that is knowing that a vaccine is around the corner to take the market back to normal.

If the market truly is "forward thinking" then a moon mission only makes sense.
Calls or puts on NIO?
No doubt no doubt. As long as you start with money you can afford to lose it’s fun af. These dumb asses coming in here trying to afford a house/car/PS5. Fools! Never take it out.
I thought I was SUPPOSED to lose money, you aren’t a trader till you are in red ;)
[deleted]
Even with like 1/100th of that in my portfolio my portfolio still commonly fluctuates by 10% over a 12-month period. It's dumb if you do it more than a couple times a year, or if you keep doing it and it mostly goes down.
STONKS ALWAYS GO UP!
I know hahaha just messing around
this sub is starting to sound like stockwit autists
Don't let them talk shit to you. P/E ration doesn't matter in a zero interest rate environment for the following years. It's all about growth. 

And if you're a smart ass autist: price to EBITDA has way more value as metric. Do your homework, nerd.
Same two days ago
NIO puts
probably a good entry point was the mini dump at close. The MM fuckers did not let things drop enough for good entry on calls. I picked up some 11/16 360c for 0.77, they were as high as 1.30 and closed at 0.89 for perspective. Also got rid of my 11/20 350p hedges after that massive run up and close, that’s just way too bullish of a close, hit my target of 358
When did you buy though?
Most likely Mississippi. Closest thing to Kazakhstan. Wawawewa. Very nice!
Can we expect a little pump Monday morning ? So we can get out !?
Not my first time...And your wording makes you sound like a salty gay bear boomer lol. I don’t even have nio options. Im just saying, it could’ve kept running til earnings besides profit taking here and there, ten big banks upgrade its price targets but some guy says “the price is too high” and it tanks? Also, from what I’ve read today, his history with doing this is kinda sketchy. Idk how people constantly bring up price fundamentals in this market like they have mattered. I will check back on your comment after earnings lol. One of us will be right.
My uncle runs this place in D.C. that sells yellow hair dye and face bronzer and he says it's going bankrupt because his biggest, fattest customer stopped buying that stuff.
Just play NIO calls and sell before earning gs. I will VENMO you money if we dont see a solid runup against
Tesla also haz tequila. Nio has....?
same. ended up buying back in the same amount i sold it for when i saw NIO was making its way back up just to have it go down again after i bought it🥴
Just buy and hold cannabis stocks and be on the other side for once. Don’t follow the herd here. MSOS
Rotation back into tech next week would be clutch
Don’t touch this shit, most irrational stock on nyse and premiums suck
3/19/21 270
Is long ZM free money?
I'm straight salivating for Monday. Wish I bought more on that Tuesday dip
I stocked up last week, I had a feeling this shit was gonna happen again.  Good luck
22k to 19k, check submission history
If it dips more on monday I shall. those premiums are getting expensive
Meanwhile hospitals in Italy or something are already over run again.
EPR, ARI, ACRE & MFA..Maybe DIS , open to discretion
Oh god. I ain’t god of Monday homie. I can’t tell you what it’s gonna do monday. I’m the god of Tuesday earnings day. And that’s the day it goes to 35. 

You want a baseless prediction? Flat with maybe some growth Monday. Scare off the paper hand bears. Maybe even a run up Tuesday? Earnings hits and it chops 20% after hours to 35. 

Here’s the catch. Post earnings IV is dead. So even if you’re a smart bear, if you’re not ITM, you’re dead. That’s why I mainly hold 45p’s instead of 35p’s.
Nice. I guess it doesn’t matter, whatever you do, you lose money 🥺
Yeah they are looking good! Maybe I’ll look for a good entry
Any 🌈 🐻 planning to buy a Citron with those puts?
March 2021, I’m sittin comfy this weekend.
so nio earnings is our last chance to salvage tendies before it dies ya? what’s the next meme stock then
Possibly
Yeah honestly wait for a real pull back you are too late, nio and ev has been pumping for months if you didn't go in before and now you want to you just have fomo and are chasing. Buy it now if you are gonna hold it for a year and can stand seeing it down 40% for a few months
what about the non-native Chinese?
IM NOT WALKING OUT ON NIO, BOUGHT MORE CALLS TODAY! WOOOO F ANALYST ANALYSIS.. IF THEY KNEW WHAT THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT THEY WOULDNT BE WORKING ANYMORE CUZ THEY WULD HAVE GONE ALL IN ON $2
Yeh this. If you believe it PLTR
Pltr is already 25 billy large, so to 10x it would need to be able to justify 250 billion market cap.

I dont think that happens in a few months, but stranger things have happened so who the fuck knows.
Strike/Date?
That would be so hot
This literally can not go tits up.
Oh I know but it's tempting to sell 50% and have a chance to lower my average lol
Boris Johnson really is a fucking retard..
[deleted]
Today was a fucking NASTY short squeeze, and it’ll keep squeezing
I feel like it’s not a bad bet. And I mean what’s the downside? Do people really think Palantir isn’t a 25 billion+ market cap company? I can see it not hitting expectations but I cannot see it somehow not being an okay company. Ya know?
Thanks man! What strike and date do you recommend?
Call your brokerage and tell them to SELL NOW.
Very few things beat the feeling of cooking jambalaya while listen to old bayou jazz and drinking cheap wine.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It has become a game. Once you have gained/lost over $5k in a day, it becomes ego based. I rarely withdraw money, just keep making up arbitrary benchmarks to beat. I’d be gutted if I lost it all, and that’s why I never go full yolo.
Costco sold out of toilet paper and paper towels...not this shit again. I go to Costco like once a month
[deleted]
https://www.change.org/p/u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-sec-enforcement-to-investigate-andrew-left-of-citron-research
Bydd, nio, xpev and li auto all follow the same price action. Just overlap their charts. They move together.

Use this information as u plz.
Green wave cannabis stocks baby ✅
Their government literally basis they're too big/had monopoly issues.  They're worth way more than current price but are risky as hell right now.  Once ANT IPO gets settled and the heat is off BABA with the monopoly bullshit then it'll moon.   

Hopefully those were long dated!

Of course no one knows wtf will happen but I wish you luck either way
250 of them actually.
PTON, SPCE. What else?
That is neat...neat neat neat
Instead of running the wheel, why not just buy the shares and just sell covered calls? If you start by selling cash secured puts hoping to get assigned, don't you have massive downside exposure if the stock takes a huge shit below the put's strike price?
Threaten to sue them over small grievances that'll do it
I’m down from 3k to 13k to 1k. 
Zm 12/4 300p
spy 11/25 354p
Spy 11/20 365c
[deleted]
Calls on Calvin Klein Chromatic Micro Hip Briefs, shit is mad comfy
**tgt gang. last er it crushed. Low iv high potential**
im holdin calls. somebody has to
Me too, I spend most of my extra money eating out lol
I do both.
I'm in for the longer term, but will swing a couple of hundred shares next week on my other broker, for some quick profit.
Rocket March 2021 26c
plenty of smart people were in LK
You think they’re going to blow past?
Kathy bought ZM when it’s like 540. I think they really know what they are doing
Makes sense. I’m a big believer in taking out the initial.
This guy f u c k s
Apparently lockdowns, schools closing, hospitals overflowing and cases of the rona out of control across the country is

B
U
L
L
I
S
H
Well now.
Good hunting to ya on monday brother
So what’s it going to do Monday? Is there time to get out ? I’m sitting on a crap load of shares and need it to hit 49 to break even
1 day ago
New Mexico, Oregon order Covid-19 shutdowns as cases reach 'breaking point'
No thanks, I don’t have to buy the trend but I don’t fight the trend
Literally buy cannabis stocks and never look again this year
i'll do it myself
Enjoy your tendies
My condolences
What fuck? And you did a IC?
Only made 300-400% ROI shorting the ccp wheels selling for half their high (including a few at near cost early on in day) but im very glad I sold when I did. Yuck. I didnt know its stock was ccp x cancer. Never trading that company again. Im out.

Used the proceeds to buy the odd dips in 5g semis. VeeZee is going to spend up to 20bn in the upcoming c band auction. Hope you guys are ready for its implications.
Sigh, I'm the retard that FOMOed into NIO $55 calls. Just fade whatever I do. Now I have to do HOMO stuff in the back alley to come up with margin call money.
Nobody tell him.
Usually people have dreams besides gambling
The Monday morning chyna flu news cycle going to be lit
I think 15.xx may be chasing it a bit. Anything 14 and below though is theft.
When he was talking about not re-opening, he said “not this administration. I don’t know about the next.” something along the lines of that. He stopped dying his hair. He’s dead inside
when was the last time we see SPY red? I don't even remember it
Thanks dad, no more no
yea if you have 25k in RH, other wise you can only trade 4 day trades in a 5 trading day period. literally what this whole post is about
You pay them money
No I’m retarded
So calls it is
NKLA
You guys are nice, I have $17 calls I just want to see her climb more
Yeah or get invited to hangouts and they know you're in there
I don't know buddy, that doesn't sound like a free trip to me.
you're not fucked but this can be ptretty bad. worst case scenario you get hit with thousands in interest fees. or stock moves in between your stikes after hours on the spread leaving you unhedged. or stock moves against your shorts come monday and you're on the hook for interst fees + difference in strikes. youll just have to wait the longest weekend of your life to see what happens on monday. get them  on the phone asap premarket if you can
Right now they are posted every trading day on /r/RedditTickers.
You understood that right! Top up while you can.
Well good luck to us both, I’m in on PLTR as well...I think it’ll do good long term, just depends how good
Baba you fuck gap up to 300 on Monday and all’s forgiven
I did.  It’s a food delivery company now:)
just stop being poor
They should. Moderna reported a much greater antibody response than Pfizer in earlier trials.  The issue for them is they don’t have Pfizer’s expertise in manufacturing/distribution etc.
how much has NIO made you money ? And you can't even stand up once for it!!!
[removed]
Oh, 100%. Just trying to give you a suggestion on a good buy the rumor sell the news options. Google buyout is all but a done deal and it's on a steady incline the past couple weeks
Feel better bro
$225 ish
I just buy weed stock MSO’s and sleep like a baby
We WILL see 53 by Tuesday. It’s pretty much sold off completely and should start running up now
> The result is herding that ultimately becomes a drag on those companies’ returns, according to the latest [academic research ](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3715077)into retail investing. 

Many news journals have reported on the rampant retardation here, but this is the first scientific study on the subject to my knowledge. Well done everyone!
[deleted]
[deleted]
C r y pto gets me thru
Lmao fuckin madness.. I know it’s because of Citron but I like to think WSB caused this
IV crush and buy the dip
Like the yacht guy says, he might be right at the cusp but by tomorrow that covid will be raging inside him
Fsr
30 grand on BABA calls, this sell off is ridiculously overdone.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SkunkBrain the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ARK just picked up a million shares of PLTR lmao
I took profits on Monday like a pussy but wish I kept to ride this wave
Leidos over $100 Monday
It's got retard strength, any other questions son?
Is this Wamsgams from Drexel?
Nio to $60 after earnings
Lmao you must be smarter than ARK
Can somebody tell me their potential 5-10 bagger play they’re keeping on the low?
Fake
hope ur right im balls deep in spy puts
The fucking IV on NIO options right now is stupid. Godspeed, retard.
CASHAPP! What a place to start, a terrible place to try to roll over into a real brokerage
Yep 100% agreed. Don't expect it to go crazy like NIO or SOLO but the Google buyout is a done deal at 7.35 a share. It's steadily been going up and once europe finalizes the approvals it will pop on the news. This is a buy the rumor sell the news play I'm just throwing out there.
Don’t worry there’s a plague out there
Lol, never thought of that
Bruh. I sold before buying calls at the top. Not kidding. Thought we’d be have a second day of run up and then sell off in the afternoon like every Friday. Nope citron had other plans. Luckily I had more funds to buy the dip lol but my puts woulda been up nearly a 1k%. Trust me I’m kicking myself. Hard. But shit happens 🤷‍♂️
https://youtu.be/-HiAih9x5qU

In polish though

The guy says he was playing assassins creed when it was playable then left the rest to download, came back to a weird noise like water boiling which makes me think its a capacitor
Sell covered options.
Well I stand corrected.  Oil didn't finish the week under $40 bbl.  Lock downs on Monday should fix that.
that’s too obvious, we literally dumped Monday this week
All I see is something about AMZN
SEC has entered the chat...
Watch out for all the tops tho, at one point when its the top stocks will go down.
You too!
it will moon in July ($200/share) and you'll come back to the bottom of the crash back down to $15
As soon as he learns 0, too, he should be good to cobble together nearly anything on the entire real number line.

I predict a bright future in financial consultancy for him!

Ninja: also, thanks for the laugh. Needed that today, apparently

Ninja2: spotted your /u/, so I want to confirm I did, in fact, hand you one karma.
Easy ways to make money, never trade spy
[deleted]
Me, but I’ll just double down
Jesus Christ man....

This really is the top isn't it?
I think after earnings dump it might run
Damn I hate that. Now you’re obligated to chat every time your both outside
Don’t forget taxes
i hate the weekend. market should be open
Yes
Shit wooden nickels.
As they fucking should at least for PLTR. Only problem is I'm in on both.
Best of luck!
WE OUCHEAAAA
Lol sold that shit yesterday.
Chart with no tickers either
Tell me some good value stocks to yolo then retard
13.74
Blame trump
Lol there are many of them in these parts
Hope you guys all got Monday puts as well, no point in going further out when the biggest dump will be Monday
Lol it's okay. Atleast y'all have healthcare.
Can someone make me feel better about NIO so I can sleep easier tonight
[deleted]
😔😔 bad day for us i guess
fun cause I ain‘t losing money
I'm looking at my JD calls and something is rising.
Fuck Bugatti, I want a Gundam
Everything with a P in it
Fuk u hoe
it'll take time to heal, but it's good

you learned not to go in too heavy, keep your position sizes small
Was up at 11k this morning, got busy at work and saw this shit crash 💀 not to worried tho, next week it will rocket 🚀
puts on UBER
I was up over 100% and already took out my initial investment. Holding now til the wheels fall off since its free money anyway
.02 on Monday diamond hands
 ✋
What site are you getting this from?
Reported for personally attacking me
SpaceX launch already canceled for tomorrow
11/20 $40P CHECKING IN. VINNIE I SAY WHEN WE SELL
I haven't seen a ban bet for a while. Whats going on with those these days?
So Call or puts? Right now is hella wierd because they were all time high early on the day but now dropped almost $10 since first hour of market.. I keep hearing they are overvalued and that I should do short term puts instead
Monday
Yup
Earning money is indeed for chumps. Stonks only go up.
I take offense to this...... he brings us maple syrup and moose meat of course.
\*\*fuqed
$250
I cannot believe you also watch the office. it is a very good show and it definitely does not get old after watching it 83 times. if you enjoy the office as much as I do we will become friends and it is not your choice. the comedic genius behind the office goes unappreciated by the world and we should punish them for not watching the show as often as possible. Steve Carrel leaving the show was upsetting and I burnt 3 houses down after it happened teehee. please watch the office with me. I am not a basic white girl.
If you were like 30 years old in the 1980s definitely
literally have the best record on WSB
I had to step on your joke for the dumb dumbs here
UVXY, we are at 175k infections a day right now.
I don’t know this stuff man I just know vibes and this company feels so evil and overlord like I just don’t know how it doesn’t end up winning big.
Very smart lol
But for 2021 calls it's been adding up over the past few weeks
They r already happening in Oregon and new Mexico. Two weeks but they will be extended. A Texas County had a lockdown for two weeks and tried to extend it but governor said no.
Putting Tesla in same category as Nikola ?
Nice. I sold 10 puts at $13 and used the premium to buy 10 calls at $18 with March expiry.
OP would have made this meme @ +100% .. +200%.... +300%...
Did he sold or did he just said that nio is overvalued ?
Nice.
TOP IS HERE NIO CUCKS
You don't get 2.5B by going long though.
nah, i already got my own thing
Can you read chart? Closing Bullish af
My stock covid proof so I should be good
PLTR is a scam. $5 EOW
Ha you’re funny. Cheers 🍻 happy fri-yay!
Oof. Never go full friendly
dividend cut is bullish, means they figure the equity will grow more. SPY $400
What price are you in at?
PLTR would need to be at a little over 200 per share.
Spy puts at 3:55 today
Its in the bag man - don’t even worry about it.
This is good, if it continues the picture it will go up to the head (hopefully around the Tesla mark)
Yeah.. this is kinda fucked. You’re supposed to call the brokerage before after hours concludes to help exercise through margin..
I’ll leave that to your discretion
BA that dumb piece of shit took 8k from me, it just kept pumping LOL
[deleted]
I'm CEO of QQQ. Tell your dad it was me who fucked your mum last night.
thank you for insider info bro pls delete this 👍
😂😂😂😂😂
[removed]
So I'm listening to the U conference call and I'm understanding this guy right, they only missed because of donations 65m to charity? Is that why it mooned today?
NIO calls my guess
Brooooo these stocks $200 by 2025. Hold if you have shares. I’m just trashing on these weekly retards. Long term these stocks as good as gold
I need to get all that too and stop wasting time here 🤡😞
[removed]
He's talking about Mulder :P
One day in the past 6 months I didn't check all day. And it was because I thought it was a saturday. Made some Unity gains tho
I made the mistake of getting too friendly with my neighbors and now they all think I'm fun
Shiiiiit
I had almost 400 contracts at .03 for 1/15/21 8$ calls that I sold 350 of them for .07 the other day but still holding the last 50 to ride out. Got 31 2/19/21 7$ calls I'm holding onto and 5/21/21 7$ calls as well. Google is paying 7.35 a share for the buyout so I feel like this is a pretty solid play.
Ah well, there argument is at least sourced then, I stand corrected sir.
Do it, I think there's still time for Xi to show who to suck. I'm starting adding December when this was just to show Ma who he's fucking with.
I fucking sold at the top of the morning. Got a taste of tendie town for once.
You are autistic

Edit positions:

100 shares of PLTR might run a wheel on
suk
Well I'm a retard. I thought this was solo cups. I'm gonna go play flip cup myself now and think about my life.
I’ve had it on my watchlist for a while with an active  limit buy order for $14.50. It hasn’t hit that low yet.  

Do you think 15.xx is a good entry point?
So we dumpin Monday or what
[removed]
Bag holding is cool 😁
What's PLTR P/E ratio?
I might
Thx for the warning about selling before ER. I feel this post helps both bears and bulls. Good luck. It’ll hit high on Monday through Tuesday (perhaps Tuesday) and hit lows after.
🤡🤡🤡
Ha jokes on you I got out yesterday
City or daughter??
>dweeegs

Almost like they do it on purpose for noob investors to "panic sell" when it's priced in. It won't be time to buy Wells Fargo, commercial real estate, and cruise lines until they are within 10% of their ath, duhh
where does pltr need to be in order for u to be a millionaire? i cant do maths
[removed]
That’s fucked, in the USA I can only afford a wife if she has a boyfriend.
No it’s fine guys just buy more NIO HAHAHAHAHAHA
I know right? All the old Italians around here sold all their olive orchards when the mafia started encroaching on them and bought pizza franchises. Live cheap, dress cheap, maybe spring for some fancy marinara sauce but other than that they don’t care about anything
How many are fucked if we gap up
I’m a hatttaaaahhh. Good luck brother. To be clear. Long term. These stocks all $200 in 2025. I’m talkin Tuesday tendies baby
Actually I just noticed these are debit spreads. Normally, TDA closes these for you as you cant exercise the calls you bought.. 

just a heads up, you may have to take the full hit as youre obligated to call them after hrs or during close to close your spreads since you dont have the capital to do it yourself.

TDA might cut you some slack but idk bro they can say you fucked up
Well done. Keep it up.
If it makes you feel better when I first came out of law school there were places offering new attorneys $20 per hour
Damn this hurt
All these squares make a circle
I think there's an ointment for that
dumb as all hell but it sure as hell gonna keep up so by all means.
There is still a lot of cash on sidelines - and after profit taking in some stocks there is even more...
Game stop went from like 2 bucks to 15 bro 🤡🤣
Short term lockdown doesn’t matter when news of a solid vaccine comes out covid stocks will drill to the middle of the earth
Yeah I plan on selling Tuesday, considering trimming my shares by 50% as well but I'm still playing with that idea.  I'm still bullish long term and don't want to miss out by selling too much.
Rumor has it that Mrs. Wood is being replaced as CEO by someone else
where’s the link, so I could sign
Yo wtf a vodka brand know about Chinese EV stox??
True that man. Boomers have kids and wives, hobbies and a life. They got shit to do.
[deleted]
How do you know that? Sounds like an imaginary scenario you made up in your head. Also on your remark about “growing balls and do something to make money”... the best way to get rich is to get into a job that gives you a high income and then use that money to invest into ETFs and maybe a small amount into penny stocks/options. Gambling all your capital on penny stocks or options is not “ballsy” it’s fucking stupid.
Yes
So it hit $17 yesterday then faded at which point you could have bought below $14 after hours...
Let me tell you a secret. There's no...
my dad is friends with the CEO of SPY, he told me they gonna announce a dividend cut on Monday morning u all fucked SPY 350p 11/16
[deleted]
Close. 13.50.
Thumb. Bowling ball style.
Didn't Moderna say they will release data at the end of the month? Why is everyone expecting it next week?
WE IS BBY IM SWANGIN
Kathy is a fucking hype investor like us lol
they nor any broker doesnt have to do shit for you. if anything happens OP will laways be on the hook for whats about to come. worst case hes going to be on the hook for thousands in interest
Im holding xpev but cant hate on this DD. Take this upvote you hating son of a bitch
My 12/18 calls:
GM  43
FB 290
TGT 160
DLTR 100
BABA 270 (bought today)

1/15 calls:
RAD 13

03/19 calls: 
AMD 85

04/16 calls:
MTB 120
PS 15

5/21 calls:
MRVL 45
TRIL 25
CF 30

Just had my best one week stretch ever. 

Edit: formatting blows, sorry
I put my entire portfolio into PLTR shares. I own 4300 shares of Palantir and nothing else. I’m unemployed in California making the max amount and I plan on being off the grid backpacking the PCT starting in March until September. Is there any chance that I come out of that hike a millionaire? Maybe a half millionaire? Assuming you believe in Palantir over the next year could they hit 100 bucks per share by then?

That’s my play for now. I’ve got like 15k (for gear and day to day backpacking expenses) in cash and I’m living rent free at my parents house after ending my apartment lease and throwing away/selling all my shit. I feel like this is as smart of a semi realistic lotto ticket plan for millionairehood tendies as you could hopefully get.

Edit: my average cost per share is 13.74 so not too bad there.
It's spelled brawd god damnit
Thoughts on baba 270c 11/20? Thinking of swapping for dec 280c next week
Same here big man. It’s all good. We go to the moon Monday
No
up bigly
I'd bet that somewhere in america someone ran out of human food and is eating some beggin strips right now
Not only does it not make money, it burns money like money was going out of style.
Don’t cut yourself with that edge 🤡
Expensive tuition my guy
lol
🙋🏿‍♂️🙋🏿‍♂️🙋🏿‍♂️
I was looking very seriously at buying in at 18. Breaks my fucking heart that I didn't.

Ultimately I didn't pull the trigger because these guys just rebrand other people's stuff. They don't actually make their own ram or anything.
Ouch. $11.25 an hour after taxes.
[deleted]
ah thats hurting but profit is always good
gotta wait for mass shut downs then markets will care for a couple weeks then go back to not giving a fk
You tryna say SPCE LEAPS instead bro?
monroe county mi? whats even out there? also nio will brrrr through earnings. just a standard pullback after 1000%+ this year haha
Yes
I've lost half of my portfolio on PLTR so I feel your pain. I bought high and sold low in typical WSB fashion.
Just go to their website and signup for the daily email. Tells you what they bought and sold for the day
This guy right here.
Read my reply to your commnet
“Two is enough for me.”
Falls to 35 after earnings release Tuesday*. Sorry. Unclear. Good point.

I will never chase a fucking 50% gain. I only go short for the 100%+. And I only do it when there’s so much writing on the walls it feels like you’re in a saw movie.
zombie SPAC right now. Long term you might be good but don’t expect anything soon. Probably going to be some  very high selling pressure between $13 and $18 with all the bagholders wanting out
First time with pumps and dumps ? Someone will always open their mouths, when stock is running on pure hype its easy to take it down.

At least they are doing something smarter rather than buying a meme company at ATH and acting like ''this is a long term investment'' when talking about a fucking Chinese company that no native Chinese has ever heard about.
Same lol
[removed]
Hca calls it is then
SWING THAT KING KONG DICK BIG BOY
Cramer so bullish it’s bearish
Why is McDs calling their vegetarian burger the “McPlant” and not the “Double Quarter-Planter with leeks”?
By the time she hits puberty 75% are gone. This stat means hardly anything
Lol’d
Another two weeks, 80 hours, and $900 in the pocket. Wage slave life. Eyeing some entry level gov contract IT jobs though.
NIO up or down Monday?
Boys it’s 🧑‍🚀🚀 time
positions or ban?
Link??
Who’s hold NIO calls through earnings?
Lol it went from 0.01 to 0.01
Nothing. We gave up on NY 6 months
ago
All my 11/20 calls hope so
[deleted]
Do you work for Tesla
Will post gain porn once it’s all said and done don’t worry. Check my post history. I’ve been shitting on these call holders for days.
You should probably read what I wrote one more time, a bit slower this time.
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Good luck my dude!
[deleted]
Would you rather go out and spend money, possibly catch coronavirus, and spend time with people, or spam this thread every day and night and hopefully make some money
ARKW fund just bought a million shares of PLTR
learn, then onwards and forwards
Ok so,...time to go short
What’s the general consensus on the uptick in Covid? Market don’t care? Market do care?
Yes! You can see them on both the chart and the Today's Options Statics page. You can see them easier on ultra-low volume tickers
I’d imagine this is why boomer stocks exist. They got tired of chasing the waves and just want that steady 5% return
We will crash next week, I feel it in my groins! Could also be something medical, who knows!
 92 contracts for march2021 5c, also 25 contracts for 5c Feb 2021, and 115 contracts for 5c Nov20 2020, and $10k in actual shares
pretty much do the hard work for ya anyways so I dunno bro.
Oregon locks down for 2 weeks.
One of the worst
Stocks today. Literally the worst
You heard Uber is selling their autonomous driving unit to aurora by the way? And yeah oxy should be fine by then lol
It ultimately leads to this link:
https://www.seekdevice.com/news/china-made-tesla-model-y-price/
Best 10k FD or yolo?
Ran out of dog food. Made my dog baked potato, hamburger, kale, and carrot. He is eating good.
Welcome home.
Except I’ve been saying it for days and am right. But yes. No cap I am retarded. I’m just also much richer than you. That probably hurts.
Everytime I think about becoming a bull this year I look at gopro stock and think nah this is a bubble.
Shady methods, faster gainz
BXRX 🚀
Alright I'm over tech, next week I'm cashing out AMD, MSFT, BABA and going long PRPL, EADSY, PLUG
ER next week so maybe back to 50?
Imagine if Biden came out and tried to say Trump should recommend cancelling Christmas gatherings. There would be open revolt.
$16 C 11/20
[deleted]
I’m glad man. Lots of people been messaging me that they made from 4-20k today on my spamming. :) making friends
No calls = no commissions.  

Aren't you being paid to baby sit these fucks with pea sized trading brains who don't even understand the rules?

Try not to dream about work so much...perhaps a bong hit will help.
Pump like it did today
[deleted]
Yeah my bad, only up 50% on the ones I bought today, not 150% sorry, what makes you think it's going to drop so much before earnings? Wouldn't it run up and drop after if anything?
half the news is about corona cases going up and the other half is about vaccine, so what's the move
QE baby
This is the only flaw, but it won’t happen fast enough before earnings.
Sneeze
LMFAO you fucktard bears turned on NIO real quick on that run up, let's see who's still alive on Monday. Bearish sentiment on WSB = bullish ALWAYS
Ya I got worried, Casey Neistat was shooting a promo for them
That stockdweebs guy on Twitter is pretty trash Ngl so many of his stock picks are trash but he has a massive cult following
No link, got an email
ARKW bought 1m+ shares today. Never bet against Momma Wood. Long PLTR all day.
Fuck this shit. What am I doing with my life staring at charts and numbers all day. I'm just going to throw it all into SPY and call it a day.
Oh shit I’m getting close.. I’m feeling fertile. Anyone want to volunteer at tribute?
Oh my god mr. Megamind over here!
Laughs in Ralph Wiggum.
Can’t wait for 4% open Monday because of moderna pump, that and all brokerages will be down
And the worst meme award of 2020 goes to:
Yeah and its getting old, at least the spam between MSFT, AMD, and SPCE were filled with other active tickers.  Now they're just buried or don't get posted.
You can do the same with rh..
Cause it’s fucking fun addictive?😂
i dunno man $60mil of revenue... thats shit lol
This guy sounds like he knows his shit, calls on NETE everybody!
What’s market gonna do when NY closes schools on Monday?
Haha 15k only. I lose that much on opening a trade within the first 1min
We need people to play the opposite side though. I say keep it quiet and take their money.
why get 7.50 when I have 5 though? I paid like $1 per contract for the march21 5c
[deleted]
Why did you make that call in the first place?
Dude we are gonna be rich peep after hours
enemy of enemy is friend
There's only two things in theta land: steers and queers.
All of them on CNBC can suck my dick

It’s just shill tech and renewables 24/7, with the rare ‘grab industrials’ where they seemingly only know that CAT exists

Some ‘analyst’ this week said she *added* to her PTON position on Tuesday for the sole reason that Beyoncé partnered. That’s who you’re dealing with on CNBC. Glad to see that shit continue down
I listened. Shorted at 53 and covered at 43.78 today
no lmao it limits your downside
Just throw her out and make a new one
[deleted]
[removed]
What do u got and how much is it printing lol
Yea it made the daily thread basically useless to read
“Penny here penny there” gtfo. Up 20% isn’t printing.
You guys hear that Xbox actually was smoking, wasn't vape smoke. MSFT turned it around and made the most of a bad situation with good social media but I'm betting more consoles will follow
VIX 11/24 35c is my main position but I bought it when vix was at like 26 lol.
Who held NIO puts over weekend?
Yes it’s bad cases are going up but this is not NY in March we are far better prepared to handle the spike.
Til canada celebrates Xmas. What does Santa bring to them?  Sunlight and warm weather?
I bought ZM calls today 

Looking forward to drinking heavily when I get home to forget about this fact
I used to take the kids to the  fair and buy them tickets for rides and games. Some of the games would let them win more tickets. I always knew I wasn't coming home with more money
Daddy POWs printer is infinite 🖨 brrrrrrrrrrrr
I'm so horny
The Fed can keep this up as long as the biggest deflationary event since The Great Depression keeps playing out.
RIP
 Well daughter just ruined my sim city city ive been spending days on...
Puts on our relationship.
Wrong play
Masters were only thing keeping me preoccupied at work, the fuck do I do now
Been in the $5-7 range for almost 4 years 🤡
Still sitting on my mountain of shares. Up bigly.
Yeah, I pretty much just went down the list until an option was only $100, so $350p it is! Lol
Ok so calls?
Damn I need some comedy in my life right about now
I like my OXY for now.  I have 798 days for it to make it’s way to my strike of $22. Surely they can figure things out by then.
Was a little afraid due to the sudden hard drop in the last few hours, but thinking straight, people are gonna buy the shit outta Nio. It's a fucking Free For All on Monday Morning.
Its not a renewable resource for everyone
This fucking guy just came to take a dump on you call holders. I love it.
this is why spreads are a level 4 strategy. people dont understand the responsibilities for closing them. you always buy/sell back the spreads because of pin/assignment risk. someties you have to buy them back for MORE tha the width of the spread from liquidity issues. stick to spx with spreads
Canada is freaking out and thinking of canceling Christmas because they have 4k cases per day. We have 150k cases per day and don't even give a shit.
link
I like it, but $18.5K? That's f-ing ridiculous.
Mango is at the acceptance stage now.
Imagine buying a Fitbit and not an Apple Watch 🤡
Forget it < Pay 75bps for someone else to worry about it
Never mention that hospitals try and operate at that level cause profit son!
If they’re both expiring ITM, you should be taking your full collateral - credit given for opening the spreads and it should show by midnight or Monday. I spoke to TDA about this situation before and you have the obligation to keep an eye on your options stretching to the after hours on the DTE. If you didn’t choose to exercise then, then TDA will do it for you.

You can never lose more than your collateral UNLESS only your sold put expires ITM in the after hours. In that case, you have to resolve the issue with your brokerage.

You should file a complaint though. If TDA finds your spread to be at risk of assignment, and your account is too small to take the assignment, they should close it for you. I’m unsure of when they have to close it for you, but their risk mitigation is a lot more loose than Robinhood as TDA is a bit more suited towards professionals/ knowledgeable traders
I will be messaging you in 3 days on [**2020-11-16 23:32:32 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-16%2023:32:32%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jqkhq7/will_nio_print_monday/gc7bzfi/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjqkhq7%2Fwill_nio_print_monday%2Fgc7bzfi%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-16%2023%3A32%3A32%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jqkhq7)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Nio 11/20 50c bought on dip
A)  Don't trade vertical spreads if you are going to freak out when this possibility happens. Take risks into consideration.  
That's it.
That’s why it needs to go down more lol
fuck CNN
It is trash for sure
Stocks don't always go up. You may be forced to sell after a big drop to raise tax money. This happened to many people in the past.

For this reason, try to move as much as possible into IRA/401k accounts. Try to buy and hold for long term in taxable account.
[deleted]
Please be patient, I have autism
We can't stop here, this is theta country.
Damn I did weeklies, dec seems like a way better play
Ok so Buy calls on SRTY?
Idk why people say just money. You spend all day trading and on this sub. It’s not just money. It’s your time invested. How about when you make money? Should you not celebrate? Bc just money? Not feeling your losses bc “just money” and celebrating gains majorly is how you go fucking broke.
Wondering if anyone out there has noticed OPES? I see lots of potential here once their merger with Burgerfi goes through. 🍔
Lockdowns won't happen
Calls on me! I’m going out to get Rona so I can add to the count and shut this bitch down! Need some of these spy poots to print!
Longer than you and I can stay solvent.
Does it get better than drinking in your pjs and enjoying the company of fellow retards? I doubt it 🍻
I’m in NM and it’s about to get weird
Talking about hospitals running out of beds and icu like it never happened before.
!remindme 3 days
my 3 year old son can count to nine. that should be enough considering how much money u prolly have
Buy SRTY
As I said before it works as long as there are believers on the labor side. There's always a fresh crop of new grads who think the world will work for them.

The only thing that's keeping the economy afloat is your daily cmg bowl purchases
Yall sleeping in Fitbit. Low-key breaking ATH daily. Penny here penny there but shits been adding up. Then once the Google buy out is approved by Europe it's easily going to have a good 5-7% day. Got all kinds of 2021 calls printing already this month alone
Lol Pfizer will be the first. Moderna is a nobody.
John B Rich
lol tbh they didn’t have much chance in this market too against goog nio and Tesla 😂
How much does it such to be a super progressive company like Lyft or Uber and support a Biden presidency and then watch your sweet tendies go down the drain when he announces he wants to lock down for 4-6 week
I managed to gain tons of money this week and lost it just in 2 days again. Why I’m wasting my time with this ?
Excuse me it’s 2.5

Two POINT five

Not two comma five I don’t give a fuck if you’re europoor this is America we speak American
Nobody tell this guy, let him enjoy the blue pill ignorant bliss
FUBO is one of the best kept small cap secrets on the street. Look at the BOD and investors (read the filings). Easy 3-5 bagger if management can continue to execute
BABA  to NIO : First time guys?
Lmfao have to go follow this guy right away
Ban
Yeah lost 2k in a day on ETSY mid Sept

Fuckin options spreads are dogshit too
Tech up, rest down
Buy high bag hold low
Picked up some 11/20 50c on the upswing of the dip. You guys holding through earnings for short dated calls or selling before?
I hope you bink and it pays massive. how much you think roughly?
Lol BA took 8k from me today
Only money home boy
Omg spce gang we did it. Peep after hours. WE GOT A RUNNER!
What’s the chart source?
Thank goodness
I wish I held more calls. Think there’s more room to run?
Is there a gofundme or something for this guy?
Who let all these dweebs in talking about “I can’t say what the position is”
can get a whole slice of GME or hundreds of dogecoin with all that
A lot of what this company does can be considered extremely unethical.
How much longer can the Fed keep this up?

Nothing is infinite.
Hahaha. I spilt Horchata all over myself reading that. Get fucked.
I bought 1000 shares at 17.06 today and sold them at 17.80 lol
Are there people here for reasons other than seeing people who don’t have any idea what they’re doing have massive losses?
Look another retarded fortune teller on wsb 🤡🔮
THAN
Profits always matter
the day before i buy it
Gonna moon next week
Starting a college fund for my kid (nah)

Putting his life savings in PLTR (yeahhh)
How?
I owe her dick
this is about to be that GME guy soon lolol
MMs know exactly how to make us buy high and sell low
It’ll probably clear by Monday...
yes
390 would be wild
Puts on my social life I’d rather read about your lack of social life here then go out
 👍
Mother of pearl
$10 or rope
90% of a woman’s eggs are lost by the time they are 30
[deleted]
Weekend shitposting is more inspiring than all the NIO shilling in the daily thread
I'm saving this comment. 👍
Shoulda sold puts for a few weeks to months out

I'm barely down
Haha who made this? 😂😂
I appreciate the moneys on the way down 👍🏼
Lol newsom having to apologize for a mass gathering while banning mass gatherings is so 2020. The wheels are coming off the bus vis a vis corona.
Is weekend fun or suck?
Chin up it’s just money
what are they saying
Haha it’s weird decriminalizing weed at the federal level is inevitable. In my head it’s still fantasy land but it really might happen sooner than we think.
Pornhub not giving you enough Hand-arm Vibration Syndrome?
Def. more likely in the near term
What happens to options during a spin off? Does it get split up proportionally? Might want to offload and rebuy afterwards.
# STOP BUYING PUTS
Thanks 👍
That's goal right there, 25k is where I want to get to so I can actively trade throughout the day rather than just stare helpless at my positions. Didn't realize RSI could be used so effectively
That’s actually the dumbest idea of the day. AAPL is over valued as fuck lol why do wheel something of fair value lol
Russell at the ATH it couldn't stay above since 2018. Parked some long IWM puts today and sleeping like a fucking baby
Just lost everything

Puts on me

Calls on rope
I did miss the first quote was attributed to DB. The link to Tiafeng saying that leads nowhere though. And DB speculating at what price Model Y becomes competitive is different than arguing it will be that price.
Behind Wendy's for maximum tendies.
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO THAT GUY THATS CALLED ALL 10 OF THE LAST 10 RUGPULLS
And thus why you don't do spreads for free money
Let them make their 3.5% in two weeks. I’ll just make my 350% in the ramp up and my 200% on the drop off thanks.
Thank you
[removed]
put 3/4 of your desired position into shares and 1/4 into leaps
Ark bought more PLTR and TDOC
415 as per earnings whisper
BABA made 70+ billion in one day and GME has a higher percentage growth on the year.. tell me more about what makes sense.
LOL ARKW bought 1mil shares ($15mil) of PLTR
[removed]
What will SOLO be on Monday $10, $5 or 6.29?
Don't forget 2 hour commute, as well as 2 hours to cry yourself to sleep
I just called to enable options. Got a pop quiz and failed hard. The guy was really nice though.
I have more calls then your gf when you leave town, data dog lets fucking go
They sold most of their portfolio to stay afloat and I got in on there huge runup in June or so and bagheld for way too long but I’m out.  Don’t think they are the same company as before the pandemic.
This stuff with the regulators, and the executive order stuff seems to be a nothingburger. The only thing keeping it down at this point is fear.
Puts on my social life. I’d rather spam this thread than go out 🤡
No worries, no homo.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hindenberg
You guys think Moderna will match/superseed Pfizer's vaccine? I have MRNA calls but I am kinda worried that Moderna is gonna botch it up big time on Monday
[This website](https://www.soar.sh/buy-reddit-accounts/) has a 5y Reddit account with 13k karma for sale at $460+. So depending on age of account it might be worth a couple movie passes.
As much as I love PLTR I think this a lil out there lmao

Get a later date bro
CNN is so much fear mongering we always run out of beds during flu season they act this is first time it is happening with hospital beds running out in some hospitals in Wisconsin.
Razzies on facebook are netting 850~ shipped with no fees.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is dumb as fuck and how accounts get blown up.
#YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED 😆
soon my childe
Hell.
Say it louder for the people who can't read. Me and  boomer's mooning this next month
I make myself feel better by going and buying something at the top.
You are terrible at interpretation, must be those genes.

Better genes means more likely to live a long, healthy, fulfilling life and reproduce successfully. The sherpas have adapted to their way of life, so absolutely their genes are better than mine for their way of life. Danny devitos personality is better than mine. That's a combination of his genes and experience. The rocks physical traits are better than mine, that's his genes and his work ethic... And some steroids tbh. But I have a couple tricks up my sleeve too. I bet I can play more instruments and better than both of them. I have that natural aptitude, partly to my genes and my development.

If you can't clearly see that different people have differing levels of natural aptitude, and it affects them in differing ways, I don't know what to tell you.
When will it dump back to $110?   LOL
I bought the poor house today.  Thx NIO
I always tell myself not to FOMO and miss out lol
I have 15 shares at $15.07. Picking up more on any red days and maybe I’ll sell a ATM CSP and see if I get assigned
We thought 🥭 will shit market. BUT IT LOOKS LIKE NOBODY CARES WHATS HE SAYS
Yep that's it. Nothing else
thanks, u/IHeartPuppies was taken. Yeah, battery swap reduces some battery risk
Holy shit, Russell 2000 is at ATH. WTF, that makes no sense.
Hindenburg or w/e
Is that a bus for 4 people?
good move hope you sold at the dip!!
[removed]
Some of us are 16
Tbh nio might  also dump lol
When will AAPL moon to $140? Stock has been flat for months.
oh yeah im not good at reddit lmao
I also picked up a little over 100 of the OXY $12c for January. OPEC is going to announce keeping or more cuts at their meeting in two weeks and by December we’ll hear from at least Moderna and Astrazenica. Energy seems like easy money here, OXY is not a good company but it’ll move a lot
Bruh I have calls, I would die for 3%.
What’s the cost and margin per car though? 🤔
bought some Christmas spy 390s, either i buy a tesla by Christmas or sell my house
Not cool man. Woman gave birth to you.
"Valuation" but but I thought Cramer said it was "priceless" at $550....clowns  clowns clowns
what?
j/k but not this
Are people seriously still buying SPY puts? What do you think this is, March? There are multiple vaccines with legit results and approvals coming. Even if there's another "lockdown" it's not like we're headed towards a doomsday scenario.  Jesus Christ, you don't have to buy Russell 2k 2000c, but don't give your money away.
Best place to resell my ps5 for most gains?
NIO don’t think so.
[deleted]
Probably bought 700c when it was at 580 or some shit lol
Which one do u feel best about?
[deleted]
I do, thanks! But I think you meant to reply to the guy above me.
6/18/21 30p is only 1.07 right now 🤑🤑
I wish it was paper trading
who on what?

edit: probably trump, imma google it
so we just gonna ignore the fact that europoors don’t exist now it’s only EURORICH?
Some people are *so retarded* that they are better off picking random tickers, using a dart board, etc. that’s pretty amazing that you thinking about something, makes it worse. That’s crazy. Like if your job was to make food, and you burned the restaurant down. You can’t even add value to something, you can only subtract it. Ya I’m talking to you, you retard
i get the weed thing, but this GrowGeneration is dumb as all hell
Option sellers are the real winners with these stocks ..
Get off the treadmill, duh.
Move on
[removed]
We will never have a red day again.

Just embrace the euphoria
Wise decision, especially because of 0% rates, debt and profits don’t matter
[deleted]
May we give thanks to our savior JP
Poetry
[deleted]
Oh I missed so many that I don’t even care anymore I just look for the next one😂
Wow I’m actually green on the week for once, thanks to the NIO puts on the 54-40 move
[removed]
I would consider exercising them if your brokerage won’t sell them off afterhours
Market is forward looking on vaccines. commercial reitz, and storefronts won't just all go up 150% on the day vaccines become purchasable.
Nio theta so high. If it stays flat, it’s going to fuxk people
I am completely fucked, check my post history. Any advice is appreciated right now.
Agreed. I’m very bullish on PLTR. I think it’ll grow steadily over the next few weeks and with any luck pick up mainstream and meme hard then I can cash out in 2-3 months.
Skip lunch and buy one more PLTR share.
If you only buy two shares then you’ll be mad when it goes down and even more mad when it goes up.
Nah, no trust fund, just won the startup equity lottery.
Nono last time tsla went up i took a shit in the shower, and this evening i did it again. I think coincidences are adding up
That’s tough LOOOOL
i posted before: „BMW is selling 2500k cars and the market cap is way less then Nio with 2k sales.“

And what I did was buying Nio calls.
Saw several comments in the daily about buying the Zoom dip cause new cases are skyrocketing and some places are considering restrictions again. As if all that matters when a valuation is so expensive is the now
Is the ER after market close?
Plantir gonna dump on Monday bruh, NIO is much better
Also, having a "net worth" of $30 Million does not mean you have a brokerage account with $30Million to invest.... 



However, "allow me to shit on my own point": The $30 Million figure is just the minimum "net worth" needed to be considered an "Ultra-High-Net-Worth" individual, so he could be worth $100Million+
how do yall deal with the feeling of missing out on a ship
I am a lumberjack from Pa 0/10 do not recommend
IVR has been up to, but they seemed to be trading up before the latest vaccine news, so it's hard to say if they have seen much of a shift.
>Consider this, last week **DB was guessing at what levels Model Y Tesla pricing** would hurt NIO.

>>“We continue to see some risk that Tesla could materially cut the price of its locally made (MIC) Model Y from 488k RMB ($73k) to something in the mid- to
high-300k range ($56-58k). This could potentially hurt near-term sentiment and slow NIO’s order book momentum considering it would be a direct competitor to
NIO’s EC6 and ES6.”

>Well now **local Chinese analysts are predicting that Tesla’s Model Y will be priced substantially below** the key price point that would be a threat to NIO according to
DB.

>>"**Recent estimates from securities firm Tianfeng Securities** are pointing at something quite remarkable for Tesla’s ongoing ramp in China. As noted by the
firm in a recently-released research report, Tesla’s strategy of passing its cost savings to customers could result in the Made-in-China Model Y starting at a very
reasonable price of CN¥275,000 (about $41,000)."

>>https://www.teslarati.com/tesla-model-y-china-price-output-report/

>This would validate the obvious statement made by Bloomberg: 

>>“Another wave of price cuts for premium electric vehicles in China may be on the horizon, stirring up what could be an intense rivalry,” **Bloomberg Intelligence analysts led by Steve Man said in a Nov. 11 report**.
yes.
[deleted]
After getting asspounded by SPY today (350p, 352.5p, and 357p various exp in December) I bought calls all afternoon.  Leaps in DKNG, OXY, COTY, UBER), weeklies in PTON and a GME $11p for 12/18 cause I can’t help myself.   Probably inverse all these if you like tendies.
Can we make PLTR and PLUG memes real quick so I can make some serious trendies
When’s earnings?
[deleted]
Was it on??😂😂😂
Fisker🥸🗣
Looking at a cold Christmas
[deleted]
Sorry to tell you, but I don’t see that happening. But hey, who knows
Why use lots words when few words do
sounds like you've got some pretty gay friends
Tsla is great. I bought pre split. I won't still TSLA for a long time
Why do I even bother with this anymore I only ever lose money but it’s so hard to stop
Rip, loved that guy
Just found out my first tennis coach has died. Puts on my fucking mental health
NIO comeback to IPO value?
No. We are retarded but not conspiracy theorists.
[deleted]
honestly instead of buying pton calls at close i should have bought apple calls, theyve been between like 115-120 the past 1-2 weeks. oh well pton should have a nice week next week
PLTR, on Monday would you just double and get this over and done with plis?
[deleted]
Gotta call the ISP I think.
This but not J/k
It’s not gonna be a fun seat of your pants trading stock but it’s a fucking GREAT opportunity for leaps and dipping your toes into theta gang
Am I Alex or the yacht ?
No one knows when it will pump
And I’m willing to bet half of them doubled down on the dip, reassuring the other bagholders to BTFD. 🤡🤳🏻
My dick is huge 🍺
what happened in march? lol seems like it was just a trade war talks?
Noice
I think you misunderstood what leaps are
[Theta-gang] has entered the chat...
STOCKS ONLY GO UP! EVEN WHEN THEY DON'T, THEY DO. IT'S THE LAW OF GOING UP
Who else is in deep with SPCE? Big flight next week!
Enjoy your ban. WMT has no reason to rocket. And don't call +3% on good earnings a "rocket"
This didn’t age well.

...but Monday is a new day 😁
Hopefully my 11/20 $50c prints
Tbf I bought shares couple days ago, made a nice 23% and dipped this morning. I got a bit edgy at the first top. I think the fact they’ve been bankrupt once already makes me slightly cautious. I may enter later on
Even his hairdresser jumped ship.  No $$$ left
Don’t push your retardation on us.
I want to live as a lumberjack out in the Pennsylvania woods somewhere away from people.
Today's walmart chart makes me sad about my hard rule to sell at 10% profits...
I don’t understand JD, it’s a good company and I keep expecting a massive run, but in comparison to the other runs out there it’s just okay. Don’t get it
[deleted]
You have no son now
>what ever happened to the guy that would always say "here's to making all the wrong moves + beer mug" ?

Fuqqq R.I.P
Composure is key 🔑
Fuck yes spy 370 by end of the week
‘We trained him wrong, as a joke’
That's almost where it was pre-lockdown...
Shopify has clearly more potential than 50 but this is a company that has only made money from selling their own stock the run to 1000 makes no sense.

Andrew left is a smart short, take the position, dump the hit piece, walk away with the money. You don't need to be right, you just need to be convincing for a week.
Yes
What come back? Lol
Retail startles easily.
Rise
I hope Mr. Musk get well soon, regardless he got covid or a common cold. He is young and healthy. Get well soon
Purple day
Did no one pay attention to unusual whales last week? There was 5 mil in 50C 11/13.
How the fuck did you retards not expect today to fall?
Thanks for the cheap calls.

NIO TO THE MOON!
I bought it at 19 and sold today. Was a nice run
seems like the market could panic with lockdown concerns 50/50
Oooof that’s gonna hurt brother
[deleted]
Definitely a play to be made but actual console sales won't be until next quarter earnings
lmao...he was hilarious in those standups
Citron is the sole reason for today’s rout. I wish I would have cashed out all NIO positions around 9:55. Would have needed the day up $1400 instead of chasing the dragon all the way to a -$150 day. 

Did roll some profits from earlier in the week into some 5/21 calls based off some WSB retard’s suggestion. So far so good. Bought 100 shares of Sigma Labs on a whim. 3D printing company with an investor presentation coming up on 11/18.
NIO 45p 11/20, 39p 11/20, 35p 11/20, all up over 100%. Good luck brother on the other side. Check my comment history for DD on why you’re weong
 Schroder Investment Group is doing their part.  They just picked up 508k shares of GME.
RKT bout to take off......
J/k.
[removed]
bought a single SPY $350p 11/18 for like $100 just to see if I can get a lil tendie meal from that. If not, my account swings more than $100 intraday, so its not much loss for me
If your Tesla battery gets fucked after warranty you’re assed out though, that’s why I like the idea that they lease the battery with NIO. Also, love your username
You’re telling me I haven’t lost that money I spend on there buying idk what?
You ain’t wrong.  And I ain’t selling.
Think that every time I type the ticker.
I feel you. This is why I am a doomer.
Green futures Sunday night and green day Monday....fight me.
Lots of stocks beat and moon as well though

Eps and revenue are not the only metrics you should look at. When you actually look at the balance sheet you can see a trend of why certain stocks moon and some dont
Hahahahahahhahahahahahahaha
Seriously though PLTR’s price movement after earnings gives me hope. No insane moves, small spike then traded pretty much flat. Kind of validates that it isn’t just a meme stock. Bullish af
🤑🚀🤑🚀🤑🚀🤑🚀🤑🚀
[deleted]
[removed]
I'd nut so hard
Oh definitely.
Not when there is still 300% float short... I would gladly make a side bet with you on that
Damn that's a good ome
Oh I’m happy alright
Baba is the only REAL Chinese company, you’ll be fine... some day
A few weekly 65c expiring Friday. Probably a bad play but
70k after tax. Might pay for some wheels on the Ferrari.
It’s time you fill his place 🍻
at that point that far itm that contract probably behaves more like 100 shares rather than an option
Lol it’s only at 23 or something
I’m listening to your advice not to listen to his advice. But his advice is not to listen to anyone’s advice so I don’t listen to your advice and listen to his advice. Calls on AMC
Share you stupid bitch
This is not the way
[deleted]
Not sure what report you read. They provided 2 sources, Teslerati.com and electrative.com
There's probably more Trump supporters on WSB than the entire state of PA
8 hours for work 8 hours for sleep 8 hours for what we will
Yeah, the swap takes 5 minutes... but you wait an hour in line for your turn... read the reports. It's not as simple as drive and in out in 5 minutes.
Sure home ur right
They're gonna go bankrupt. That was their only chance of profitability.
[deleted]
Y'all children about to get wiped tf out of the street when your tech bottoms out and value stocks come back next week. Play smart boys.
Any issues not setting aside and then selling shares to pay taxes? I feel like keeping money in rather than setting aside yields greater NW. Thoughts?
Straight stonks broh
yes
That’s what I’m looking for yes. There’s a possibility this is overbought. But the fact all these other WSB posters think it’s about to crash is a bullish signal.
God I know that feel
[deleted]
How far OTM did you go for -99% on a leap?
[deleted]
so much bad shit has happened this year, and it has proved nobody has any fucking clue what they are doing. I am so sick of everybody, politicians, celebrities, etc. saying what to do. I just want to make enough $$$ so i can fuck off somewhere far away & not have to listen to these people. Smh
but it says i'm negative $365

oh wait. I checked my activity and it looks like I was credited $415 into my account.
I wouldn’t stress it both of those will be green Monday
Ahhh. Thank you sir. Ive been checking gamestop (puts), walmart(puts), target(puts) and bestbuy(puts) but theyre all out. Walmart had it yesterday but the website froze when i fucking had it in the cart to check out
Of course we took a quick pit stop today at Uranus ;)
Yeah, hes got it. God bless
Wow. Just crazy
This subreddit has the best memes no doubt
test
This.
Etsy is so dangerous dude. I just hope you bought at an extremely low point.

I've made a ton of money off etsy; buy you have to be patient and buy that garbage at the bottom.

That shit stock will gain and lose 40 bucks in 2 days
ACB to 100! Lmao
it definitely is a bigger scam than NIO
Now I actually have to find something to do with my life that’s not staring at ToS
Reddit karma is worth less than a share of movie pass
Have the retard invest in $ROPE
Thank you saint Jerome Powell
Have you not been paying attention lately? Crush earnings, stonk stays flat or goes down.
Just run the wheel on 🍎
I’m in PDX. Life has become a dystopian nightmare here 🙁time to go buy beer
Please can someone explain to me how NKLA was up 8% today when NIO was down.

I know NIO has run up a bunch but LI and XPEV were positive ER and they actually all three make and sell REAL cars. 

The funniest part is I can guarantee you when NKLA does finally die it is going to take the other EV companies stock down for at least a couple days just because of association.
Most of Tesla's revenue probably comes from you idiots investing based on memes
You should’ve been making the trades with low battery. Everyone knows you only make money while trading on low battery.
what ever happened to the guy that would always say "here's to making all the wrong moves + beer mug" ? 

guessing he made too many wrong moves?
Γενικά δεν ξέρω πως είναι η κατάσταση στην Ελλάδα αλλά θα σου πρότεινα να δοκιμάσεις το degiro. Αυτοί νομίζω πως έχουν τις χαμηλότερες τιμές πανευρωπαϊκά και έχεις και πρόσβαση σε options τα οποία βέβαια δεν έχουν ΤΟΣΟ μεγάλο volume όπως στους Αμερικάνους επειδη ανταλλάσσονται σε άλλο exchange (eurex).
Καλή επιτυχία :)))
[deleted]
It's got to be pretty cool that when President Biden dies all those dudes who railed the incoming  president


Equality is bullshit and women block women.  

/Popcorn and TSLA
Nahh..
Nah, it can go back to 53 pretty easily. The earning hype is real. If earning run-ups exist, this one should definitely moon
“You won’t last one minute playing this game.”
I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2020-11-20 23:21:03 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-20%2023:21:03%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtnyfg/true_autists_know_nio_only_goes_up/gc7aq82/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtnyfg%2Ftrue_autists_know_nio_only_goes_up%2Fgc7aq82%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-20%2023%3A21%3A03%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtnyfg)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Congrats. You happened to buy at the 100% perfect opportune time (I mean, you’re obviously lying). But. Nice. Better sell those calls right at open before NIO falls to 35 Tuesday. 

Thank me later.

Also, from 40->45 making your calls go up 150%? It’s clear you don’t actually have any positions lmfao 

With robin hood you can put your first $10 into something!
[deleted]
I bought some 11/20 $60c.
Someone tell JD market closed 2 hours ago
PLTR is just getting started
I was expecting more like 1.25, why give up more than 100% losses when it hits?
RemindMe! 1 week

Let's see how this ages...
[deleted]
goddam ouch
What’s your play fuckboy
Uber selling their self driving unit lol https://twitter.com/TechCrunch/status/1327370952615800837?s=20
False. It will be 35 on earnings. No lotto.  I had the Citron take before it was posted. Basically reiterated what I’ve been saying. Check my post history for DD if you’d like :) see you on the put side
Sounds more like it's going to uranus.
I think it was a different short seller for NKLA
Your wife gives me sloppy toppy, bullish
this weeks sponsor.....Blue Chew
I’m with you bro 60+ next week easy.
people are still traveling
So true
Wage slaves need two days to rest their anuses.
Someone who opened a paper account
Fuck. 

Thank you!!
[deleted]
Mr. Buys At The Top 🤡
Ok
That means you gotta buy puts for the rest of us to gain glory.
[Learning from the best](https://youtu.be/ksGzn5bRFzQ)
moderna
And they’ve made a movie about it, glamorizing the process to entice retards into thinking they can get rich
That would imply that any of us know why the market goes up and down please don't tell me it's cuz CNBC mentions a fucking covid cure.  Scamdemic was just to get my mango out.
NM wtf. It's nothing but desert and meth
Same. It dipped as soon as I got in and it dipped hard. The stock gods hate me right now.
min
guys, hes just using leverage sufficient to his personal risk tolerance (guh).
>Market is forward looking and now the climate that made Zoom and friends moon is fading away and

It's a rally of children in this thread about to learn the hard way...lookieme lookieme noobs soon going to buy SPY shares bc they realize they have 0 financial analysis skills or at least the smart ones will hopefully.
😂
Test has high sensitivity and low specificity meaning if you test positive it’s highly likely you have it and a negative could still mean you have it
[removed]
She can’t. She works at the debt collection agency
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SPCE**|**$20.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$2.08**|**$22.27**|**712**|**161**
|**SPCE**|**$19.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-27**|**$3.09**|**$22.27**|**295**|**17**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgvw0blez4h0720mrjtddr9) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/TheServe2017/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
How can I be an investor that gets good deals like trusted analysis fixing my entries?
Moderna vaccine news spy 380
Implying WSB buys shares in blue chip companies. All in FDs on unprofitable companies is the way.
NIO. Up all week and down the hill on Friday cause some citron- cuck pushed it
How can you tell quality from a picture?
Yes
They could have done worse like $1k on SPY puts
honestly the only thing surprising about NIO is that it gave all the WSB yolo'ers multiple exits and even bailed people out who bought the top on monday with two huge green dildos.

most of the meme stocks people fomo into on here are not nearly as forgiving.
Put some money into a China region ETF and spend all that saved time masturbating.
[deleted]
It's gonna get talked about on the earnings call... guidance portion. Run up into earnings week I think we'll see.
Dumped my ZM leaps at close for a 99% loss today...it's a sad day boys :(
Yes please 💗
[deleted]
Nikola bro
Lost some money fucking with EV stocks
No they didn't. They provided quotes and references to statements from Deutsche Bank, Tianfeng Securities, and Bloomberg Intelligence regarding Model Y pricing.
Greek and work...?
You fucked us god damnit.
SPY opening at minimum 365 on Monday
Because the went defunct already once before in 2014 after 2 years making the Karma
Same brother
Damn hadn’t seen that one in awhile.  How’s our boy IVR doing?  Got in OXY and COTY leaps today.  I clearly have too much tech right now.
How much a year you payin to stay in a social milieu?
👀👀
There are thousands of 10 baggers created in the markets on a daily basis
well it also offers 50% yr/yr growth so there's that
>u/grebfar

your puts are going to owned
yeo airlines gon keep running or what
Sony direct had the ps5. However, they had a massive queue to get into the store. Maybe 3+ hours long. You could bypass this completely by pressing esc while the PS5 webpage was loading. They are gonna drop again tomorrow.
Let's not lose sight of the fact that NIO is not TSLA. TSLA is a much bigger machine and less affected by bullshit articles.
I think they got a deposit minimum. Are you from Greece?
I have an account of 100 AAPL shares. I plan to just sell weekly calls way OTM and along with dividends keep buying up more shares. Fractional shares let that process be smoother.
MMs
Ugh why do weekend exist
[deleted]
Sir I think I can help you with that 💦
Nice job today retard.
[deleted]
What is that scam stock that reported earnings for the driveway job? 

It’s some kind of EV truck company? They pushed a prototype up a hill and filmed it rolling down it. 

Someone help me out.
That's what the Chinese want you to think.

Hold on dude.

Me chinese me play joke.
Name a catalyst why we are green or red Monday GO!
[deleted]
A legend
This is home. The casino floor manager is my spoon pal
but why always tank when hold?
,La a ho
Ban
Thanks so much for your help. 
Why 25k for interactive brokers ?
Remember when we all praised Citron for exposing NKLA

Today everyone hates them

I love this place and hate you all

My Position = FUCKED 

Down 30k this week

Call me Mr. Buys At The Top 🤡
If you're selling call spreads you want it to crash though,  selling call spreads nets a credit
Period
hmmm 🤔
[deleted]
Anyone playing the Tyson earnings Monday?
Bruh citron literally means lemon in my language
So they sour af
Oregon & New Mexico lockdown has began.

Chicago & Detroit next


https://apnews.com/article/virus-surge-officials-resist-restriction-f7995f3df600b3115fe7058db4b84435
Tell your wife to stop calling me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Actually dickwad the hoax he was referring to, and trust me I've watched the videos of this exact moment which clearly you haven't if you think differently, was the Democratic response to his handling of coronavirus. He was calling the criticism of it "their new hoax" harkening back to what he considered the Russia investigation (which don't even get me started on considering he's an unnamed co-conspirator in 3 cases within that investigation that would have landed him felony charges if not for a Nixon aide wayyy back in the day saying you can't indict a sitting president). So yes, he did not call the virus itself a hoax, he called criticism of his handling it a hoax. That does not detract from the fact that I've had no less than a dozen people in my life take to social media afterwords using that as "proof" that this whole thing is a hoax. That does not detract from the many times Trump has told his own followers to not trust the medical community on this issue. You dismissing me as being a leftist is hilarious because I'm the farthest thing from it, you just have no idea how to interpret your own cult leaders rhetoric. Rhetoric that I myself have watched lol. Bye.
40% of their revenue is from micro transactions most notably from COD. They can and continue to squeeze more and more from their consumers from increased microtransactions from these cyclical releases.
If free thought means covid is from 5g, orange man is good, science is fake news, then yep, free thought is detrimental. You can go enjoy your covid record number while China opens its economy and earn $$$ on stonks
fidelity wouldn't let me trade anything other than CSPs and CCs, so I moved my fun money to robinhood and have the rest of my 401k and IRAs in fidelity still
I sold part of my NIO position. Waiting to buy more. I think it will sell off into next week
No 
Bubble = popped
Go file for bankruptcy bruv
“That’s unpossible!”
will kill you twice then
🍻
Fisker don’t even have wheels on the road for another 2 years minimum. At least NIO is selling cars
I was crying laughing but now it's different.
you work at mcdonalds.
Never bet against ‘Murica
im already dead fam
Interactive brokers if you got more than 25k.
Otherwise degiro.
If you're in Germany try traderepublic
For all the cash they have AAPL sure pays a shit dividend
wth would you post there...i mean it is better than wall street where people post to their own website as 'proof' the mainstream media is wrong on something. Like my dude just admit you bought puts and want that stock to get dunked but quit pretending people won't connect your user name to <username.wordpress> as nonsense you just made up
imagine, in a parallel universe today where people bought yacths, there's this research firm ran by this fuck named Alex. He says fuck nio but that shit charges ahead to 60. Alex kills himself because his 0dte 25p expire worthless.
Robinhood gets hacked again
Alternatively NIO is also gets delisted through executive order as Trump's final deadly kiss to WSB
who the fuck casually just has a million and just throws it all into nio when you dont need to. fuck you fake ass ban
Ill see you on monday🤬
I’d open up a credit card and put every fucking dime into NIO leaps
Well I hope you are right. I raised a bunch of cash waiting to deploy as the market took a breather.  I am going to end up capitulating and buying higher.
TIL Kamala Harris dated Montel Williams
Idk how you can see what happened last Monday to boomer stocks (energy, banks, aerospace etc), hear that Moderna is announcing results soon, and keep grabbing only tech calls when

1) Market is forward looking and now the climate that made Zoom and friends moon is fading away and

2) Market was mooning while we were ACTUALLY in lockdowns anyways, including the boomer stocks
I'm 99.9% this is my old childhood neighbor. He dressed as a wizard for halloween, dyed his beard rainbow colors, and was a professor of chemistry at the University of Puget Sound. Don't remember his name, it was \~ 20 years ago. Most likely, RIP PROF WIZ
[deleted]
Great feeling holding a +600% play that I have never seen anyone on this board mention.

Not even the ticker has shown up. As soon as I see it I am gonna sell lmao
Just here to say fuck you guys, lost a lot of money this week. Cheers. 🥃🥃🍺
What are you saying? English please, im trying to get this ps5 asap
But then you lose? Unless it's options or like a total scam of a company they usually bounce up.
TWO broke out of the channel it has been trading in since Covid this week. TWO $7c 3/19/21
Today was perfect. No offense but for my sake I hope you were too late 😂. Anything under 50 would still be good for calls. I wouldn’t go further out than December. I’m sure we’ll get a huge run due to earnings and then correct again and trade between support and resistance for a while.
We don’t have any loss porn since we haven’t sold and we still making money off our options it might not be the same profits as early in the morning today but we still up.
guaranteed
The Dow is precisely 72 points (virgins?) short of all-time high. I'll let that sink in.
DJ got this
why stonks always go up after i sell?
I didnt forget .I've got some 12.5 11/27c lets fucking go!
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
HULK
“Take us to your Climton.” 👽
It might as well gain 40%. Its not like it makes sense. The price movement today just confirmed how retarded the volatility is at the moment. No position in Nio either, but the hype affects other EV stocks, obvously.
Found the guy that plugged the orders in at $51.50. Everyone with calls can thank this guy for NIO not tanking harder. Imagine if you went full retard and bought calls instead. You’d be down -95%..
Unless GME shits gold it trending down 🗑
GME has been quiet lately. Maybe some console release numbers next week for a pump?
>they became rich because they love to work

or they destroyed themselves and their joy to get rich
I bought a put based on the same sentiment. Then I went to bed after I set a limit order to sell after a 100% gain. I woke up. It sold. I had tendies for lunch.
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/10/22/2112873/0/en/DSG-Global-Imperium-Motor-Corp-Expands-Partnership-with-Skywell-Automobile-Group-to-Include-Electric-Buses.html
I did haha but not a huge gain there either, I'm hoping Monday is a different beast
yo are airlines gonna keep running or did i miss my stop lol
I refuse to be a bagholder. I’d rather just sell at the bottom 🤡
Got in @ 41 today. Either genius or fully retarded.
man it looks like they really killed BABA, maybe calls wasn't the best idea
I think that's the play exactly I think Tesla options are so fat and the stock is pinned in a certain area I think everybody knows they biden election is perfect for electronic vehicle car that's also a software AI company
I will kill you😭
Xpev is were its at next
Somehow everybody here is is retarded most of the comments seem to think this guy is serious. 
Long $fb
[deleted]
Will know premarket after EC. I would think it will dump.
The biggest autist of us all. Marvel in the absolute void of a brain this user has
hahahhahaha cuz of lock down announcements? but vaccine doe?
No numbers!?
Buy a shredder. No contracts. No app. Same results.
Bruh you’re already dead.
Now that NIO is behind us I'm gonna need everyone to get back to buying TSLA
Direct 10 min ago. Didnt try with the esc trick?
Bulls are hating stay up king
Everything you said is incorrect including your TLDR
A few chapters were complete wastes of time, but some were excellent. My favorite was the gold prospector one. That guy was badass.
[deleted]
I would cum out my nose
He just made fun of us nothing substantial
If you’re fr TD has some good articles for beginners on their website, just look up IV crush and TD or something 

If not srs back to stocktwits
must... hold... the faith...

&#x200B;

^(plz send help)
One of the funniest parody-fin accounts around.
yessirrre
You’re not an investor if you haven’t been fucked by Andrew Left spewing bullshit
I work with Chinese clients all the time. They would all agree with this - buy at your own risk. US MM / Hedge Funds are rookie league compared to their Chinese counterparts. Imagine Trump having the power to ban the world's largest IPO because the CEO didn't respect him enough lol.
do not invoke those cursed words. Remember that week was the time where we collectively lost more than ever before banking on unemployment numbers being far higher than even big banks predicted vs. powell and brr.money
It was a total clickbait. In addition, NKLA-Hindenberg's lovemaking just helped Citron.
100 bil market cap vs 3 bil
Yeah. No.
He said WSB ruined it.
Lol no stress, this is a long play. As long as you are in, there's enough tendies for everyone aboard on the rocket ride! ;)
I call that lifestyle liability.
I’ve been having fun swinging Tesla between 400 and 440
The thing about Solo is that it's small enough for them to manipulate. If volume doesn't drop off an absolute cliff, it will drive the price up very quickly.
When neckbeards play the stock market...
I think my dad’s broker lost his trading license because he had to file bankruptcy. I think I’ll maintain my portfolio in 80% cash, 10% stock, 9% options and 1% options leveraged against my positions on wednesdays and fridays.
i fucking despise these anti trust heads, y they gotta make news and affect markets, they should just drop the news when they have something significant...thered be way less vol and more money
[deleted]
how can I download this vid?
I just got back in after getting my shit kicked in april
*Nio Earnings beat by 400%*

*Jamie Dimon personally upgrades NIO PT to 1000, Beheads Citron in front of the Charging Bull as a warning to short sellers*
you and me both
[deleted]
Where? Lies

Pics or ban 😩
Pton will >!tank!< on monday
There is no logic I am balls deep in spy puts.
That's NIO power.. I bought PUTS so i have opposite graph on my RH
No shot for late winter.....Spring earliest
What did Cramer say about NIO now?
Holy shit. People are fucking stoooopid. No one told you to hold or sell.
Next week in a nutshell:

A) If schools remain open, Stonks go up.

B) If schools end up being locked up due to virus concerns, Stonks go down.

Kicker: Moderna/Azn release positive vaccine results before market open on Monday. In that event, whatever happens above... Stonks will still go UP!
NIO bitches are mice

so focused on the cheese you forget the trap 😆
u/deepfuckingvalue r u OK sir
i mean.. i aint posting in /r/investing lol
Imagine what they would of called you if you had this thread open
Etsy rise up next week!!
this meme makes me feel things
I hope everybody had a good week. I noticed when I go to cash I have no fucking care what happens this weekend.

TSLA calls Monday.   Or puts.   Either way it's a nice boomer play.
Lol you do realize this pretty much applies to 99% of the stocks right now?! We're trading in a bubble.
no idea man
I predict Walmart earnings will beat on Tuesday and it will rocket. Ban if wrong.
TBH I’m not sure. I’ve been bag holding shares for a while now. Hoping for a Hyliion like pop to $50ish, but no way of knowing if that’ll happen.
Definitely not here
Because of autists like us, itll moon to 50 again Monday on the run up to earnings, just watch...

And then it'll dump our asses on tuesday and we'll all have to live on the streets out of cardboard boxes :D
Stats, how do they work?
Everything you said is correct except your TLDR
I loved selling that 16 weekly call for 1.2, I still have my shares.  🤠
absolutely wild 

Was that peak TSLA from Feb 4, July, Sept or another time? Are you monitoring all posts or just the daily?
What’s crazy is I guarantee no one on this sub would switch places with Warren Buffet.
Keep holding NIO puts through earnings?
i would say buy the dip but i dont want to get banned
Jan 20, 2023 Nikola 2.5p is still 0.88 per contract.

WTF. Hahahahaha.
Never play earnings
Please tell me Pton will rise on Monday
Ban
[deleted]
Lurker here, I gotta say this subreddit feels more like 2009ish 4chan than current 4chan does  


Thank you retards for bringing back good memories
spoiler: it's not a glitch, SPY $400 monday
[deleted]
Be careful with puts on Air Canada, it has a long history of juicy government bailouts and Trudeau has been working on a Canadian airline bailout for three weeks now.
GME wowzers
Confirmed. NIO crash is coming.
what if your favorite side project is buying 2.5M of options?
[deleted]
Konichiwa bitches -wutang clan
Am retard aslo, but rn you're dyslexic
Solid DD, I’ll buy puts on Monday
🤡🤡🤡🤡
...but why would you hold an option to the last day and when it jumped over 10% held it? I mean I get it was pure greed but holding calls past earnings is one thing, what you did should land you in wallstreetbets
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TheServe2017 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ah yes, blame the father. If life has taught me anything, you can be the best fucking parent in the world.. but your kid could end up as drug addict or murderer. The "kid" is 31 years old and he's old enough to make his own choices. Unfortunately he lost millions because of his stupid choice, the father did nothing wrong.
It was some of the first "bad news" since NIO has been skyrocketing. Except the bad news is "NIO stock price is too high imo".
We'll be at 3K deaths per day at some point this winter. And people will still think its a hoax and the market still might not crash without a liquidity crunch
The bulls being so confident making me feel better
i've been wrong on earnings plays for 3/4

i was told i had a 50% chance

i want my money back
I want to be angry at Citron, but really I’m angry at the morons that listen to them.
I thought Hindenburg's report on Nikola was actually pretty thorough. Also fuck China.
MAXR>SRAC
I'm pretty new to this, already figured out I shouldn't care about 95% of the things posted in this sub.
JD is at an all time high right now, after hours. And its valuation rose 38% since the last earnings report.

Are puts not obvious on this? I’m not exactly saying that the marketcap should decrease, but unless the company’s earnings grow 20%+ QoQ, seems unjustified, no?

To make things more interesting - the report will be premarket on Monday. Will make a play during the day on Mon or Tues depending on which way the earnings swing it

100c 12/18 or 85p 12/18
DoorDash, Airbnb, Roblox, Wish
Actually I’m feeling a lot better with such confidence of the bulls
This isn’t the paper trading forum pleb
we're all in this retard hole together!
Long rope? I’d rather short rope. If the rope is too long the job won’t get done
Bcuz short seller said so
It's the 6 y's on okay for me
FSR has NKLA potential
Who ya got
No
☑️
[deleted]
Those investors don't care about citron and will just see a buy the dip opportunity, I think this also explains the rebound toward the end of today
I sold everything because covid fears are going to ramp up bigly this weekend.  If Trump's rally in DC on Saturday is big the media will cite it as a super spreader event and blame it on Trump.  On Monday I'm going to buy the dip on cyclical and recovery stocks.  And EVs.
[deleted]
[deleted]
My paper hands sold my shares net zero today lol 😂 
Held my options though 
And of course 
Bought back in higher than I sold for lol 😂
FSR
doesn’t this ship only fly up though?
Dude NAK is fucked lol.
You should be extremely concerned
Zm
Wait for moon monday
Yes sir
Idk what that French word means but the sound of printer go brrr is what I herd
The problem is lockdowns now are going to have much more devastating economic effects than last spring. There will be no stimulus to offset lost income and loan deferment is ending for many types of loans. But Democrats, always the true autocrats and economically illiterate, refuse to consider effects.

TLDR: This time it's different, BULLS R FUK! Buy TLT, sell all rips.
Never bet against USA
Interactive brokers. Can open an account with $2k. Then lose it in a day (or even a morning) you know that’s the way
Ya blew it, NIO gonna moon next week
Of course. I’m sad I sold out of my puts and getting fooled into thinking we were going up further into a late afternoon sell off. Dumped prematurely due to the citron article. But 🤷‍♂️ shit happens. It’s not really a meme stock so I’m gonna print huge on calls next week. Puts will print too. That’s how these stocks work. Up huge, corrections, consolidations, repeat. Just enjoy the huge premiums while you can!
Bought $7.5 calls expiring 11/20 also puts 5.5 expiring same.

Hopefully it moves big in either direction
Depends on PM. ER is still Tues AH. The only thing I did today was sell the 44p11/13 for a small profit before noon. I held onto all of my leaps.


Citron's report wasn't about the short term profits, it was about letting MMs get in at a lower cost so they try to stay ahead of Tesla 2.0.
Low volume shit that doesn’t really matter. Especially so on a Friday
the short seller reports are always vague / gay like that. 

Every big runners get some short report luv. 

Im more concerned with the shit the ccp has been doin.

They mad mad at Ma.
Wow this reassures me that my spy puts are going to be fine thank you autist
From the tweet that says, two tests negative and two tests positive?? Sounds like a toss up to me.
The dip that will never come.  I've been trying to short this damn thing for the last two weeks, I don't think it's happening Ghey Ber Brother...
I bet it rises a bit then drops Tuesday rise Wednesday to steady rise, then Friday big jump then stabilize a bit lower.. idk I'm thinking ~$47 by next Friday.
We'll be hitting 200k daily covid cases and averaging1500 deaths by the start of next week. And easily 300k by the end of the month..... crazy.
>The truth is so apparent that no evidence is necessary. Faith is sufficient in the face of such bold faced heresy. Only the holy anointed priests may divine the will of the gods.

No, yeah, sure. You’re different.
Boomer stonks are fine
Perception: Citron caused china EVs to dump billions today

Reality: NIO weekly RSI 90+, WSB's entire 401ks in calls. This was always going to happen, if it wasn't Citron there would have been some other catalyst.
Don't you dare underestimate my retardation.
I mean bulls had 4 outta 5 days green. Bears had one. So I doubt it. Everyone will win if they time it right.
Hm. I'm streaming youtube and just doing some light work on my laptop. It's odd because my download speeds go down to like 40 and upload to 1 even though I pay for like 300 down and I think the same up?
Me all in NIO watching people all in PLTR watching people get fucked on NIO
damn you right
The masters will hold me over until 845 Monday morning
A customer called me retard I had Robinhood open on my phone
Is it still smart to get in? They havent even completed the merger yet and it feels like such a meme strength stock
I hope.  I am a bull but I need a damn pullback.  

Why do you think we go lower and why did we not go lower today?
[removed]
Market watch shows baba at 310. Can these glitches chill?
I BAGGED THE PS5
I sold puts around $41 today.  Please IV crush lol.
lol, how much did that move today?
Almost like everyone always goes to Walmart whether they’re broke or not
let’s hype RKT again
I hate this subreddit's personal attacks
That’s **Mr.** Nintendie69 Fletcher to you.
AKA we're boned
 Soon after earnings
Assumed you were dyslexic and meant RTX, but not sure anymore.
Better than responding within 16 mins to every inane thing they send like I’m doing to you now 😍
Exactly. If a buyer exists I'd want to own them but that's no guarantee.
Oof that’s a loss
[deleted]
You found a way to make money off of this sub without risking money. Brilliant! 

Hey Joe, Bernie, this guy right here, hes the one I want you to tax. I he made money and I want it now!
Time for Ma to IPO his ass to California.
Downsies
He has it
Fuck you. It’s my money and I want to lose it now!
Definitely - loaded up 3000 shares to go long
[deleted]
thats cuz he on here
How else do you get that magical aroma?  It's like aural lubricant.
*and by all gone you mean an 8% haircut
Wait what was the report?
It's the second Friday the 13th this year. The first was the last day in March before the country went on lock down.
is it the same guy here in the middle ?? :D:D:D

&#x200B;

[https://i.redd.it/48vst2mp7n221.jpg](https://i.redd.it/48vst2mp7n221.jpg)
Depends on much you are consuming. ISPs provide burst acceleration of bandwidth, but if you use a large amount over time they can throttle that down - not to be very slow but not maintaining the burst bandwidth levels either. Rebooting the modem might be issuing a new IP address and resetting their counter if the way they track this is crude.

Or your modem might be shitty, but that seems unlikely.
I swear I have seen this question before. And before that.and before that. And... welcome to the group autist....
Pltr
Bulls are fuked next week
[deleted]
Didn’t touch it.
I hope so. I bought 150 shares today.
[deleted]
Can you retards pump RXT next week please.
Need to unload my bags
The people of China don't choose shit. Ccp does
thats what I'm betting on. If it doesn't happen I'm fucked
The frustration of buying when it was at 21 and then selling when it was 28 thinking I did good. Sellers remorse is real..
what if i told you citron had really nothing to do with NIO dumping and everything to do with NIO being like 90 weekly RSI with WSB all-in calls.
Puts are a wager that share prices will go down by x date. 

Calls are the opposite. 

Now please: open robinhood and tell me what to do.
If you wanna play at the casino, then stick around here. If you’re too chicken shit to lose all your money, go to r/investing. I’m being serious, too, not trying to be mean
😎
I was gonna do some street-level research on this company when I heard they were launching a storefront in Portland and when it came time to find out where it was going to be I called IR and they told me it was opening at a mall. So then I called the mall and asked about it and they said that they hadn't leased a space, they leased a KIOSK. 

So I sold all my shares at a gain same day.
yes
This statement is true every decade or so lol, am I eligible for this guy's job just because I know that major historical events plus technological progress means things change?
i call bullshit
Anyone wanna buy my nikola 10p?
Hell yea brother
People started to realize the United States isn't the only Country with a government
Its 50/50.
You got what you fucking deserve 🤡 🔫
Seems like half this sub thinks we will open at 365 Monday and the other half thinks 340. GAPS WILL BE FILLED ONE WAY OR ANOTHER
Rise.
The candlesticks on the SPX and DJIA weekly charts are ridulous. Doji fucking stars at all time closing highs. 

We're either at the midpoint of a end of year mania rally (Nov lows thru today) or about to put in a significant, lasting high.

Seasonally a rally is most probable but  something doesn't feel right about this market
Wasting money on FD weeklies? Likely No. Buying 3 month or more expiry options and LEAPS on growth companies? Absolutely.
I wasn't even holding NIO, but these posts are stupid.  You didn't "know" shit, you got lucky and they got unlucky.
For your portfolio maybe
[deleted]
They actually might have actually said something materially untrue though by asserting they have any evidence of what the Model Y would be priced in China.
SPDRs and invesco has already picked out the companies for you. Buy the damn index
Elon will get the best treatment and be absolutely fine
Lindsey = stocks

Lindsay = options

Change my mind
You’re fucked. You’re a weekend worrier.
Someone made a [petition](https://www.change.org/p/u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-sec-enforcement-to-investigate-andrew-left-of-citron-research?recruiter=false&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=psf_combo_share_initial&recruited_by_id=4d2778a0-2600-11eb-84e5-a59ae30e240b) to do this
It's a good thing I day traded my calls this morning for +18% on my portfolio.
No bullshit Im keeping my eye on Veri. Too big of a bitch to pull the trigger yet tho
why are the pants around the ankles, is this the cover to some ebony porn?
Why do you think NIO earnings will be shit after XPEV and LI both killed it? The train was briefly delayed by a wayward citrus cart. Service to resume shortly.
I've had it down under 10% of my original investment 3x's since march. I'm roughly up $10k overall as of market close. You've heard of kangaroo stocks? I'm the kangaroo portfolio...
;)
That's just called DD.
Imagine if that UUP dip isn’t a glitch spy would be 400 on Monday lmao
Cashed out of the weed stock boom into pltr at like 13.something. Hoping it goes well
Torn posterior tibial tendon.
[deleted]
Singles day is like buying Amazon bc you know sales are going to go up at Christmas. Everyone already knows that.
Stick to mutual funds dawg. This is some astro-shit!
It's a fake account, although it wouldn't surprise me if papa Musk said this.
Citron absolutely dropped the report on a Friday to fuck with options expiring today and that seems fucked.
[deleted]
Absolutely
We should bet on this. Or at least make another sub where we bet on ticker/stock mentions etc, in this sub.
>k ptlr will pri

you mean PLTR?
“Bulls can’t keep getting away with this”
Warren Buffett getting covid is news.  Elon is just a week vacation in his house.  Which he probably needs anyway.
Its 50/50.
It’s going to be hard to run for Prez from a jail cell.
Because TSLA is irrelevant now
Even better as your local Church or Synagogue.
~~Stocks rally as investors shake off worries about infections and the economy~~

Stocks rally because of the the markets incessant need to fuck your bearish plays into the ground before finally pricing a deadly winter full of renewed economic attrition.
I am serious. I am a noob and not afraid to admit it. Help please.
Maybe they'll partner with PLTR for the ultimate meme voltron
Remember when people were shilling weed penny stocks, down 51% this week. If you are bagholding this, you deserve what you got.
Where am I supposed to get quality advice then?
0.061%
Let's see. It's covered, so I'm prepared to take the profit if it moons further.
Stimulus: Walmart Rises.  
Lockdown: Walmart Rises.  
Vaccine: Walmart Rises.
RIP bro
Y’all think next week will be a big KCAC week
But you just said to NOT follow advice from people online.
Just want to break even on BABA now. I bought JD and BABA at the same time. One mooned 10% after this week's dip, the other went another 5% the other way.
If the retard-confidence-indicator is high you shall not buy
[deleted]
KCAC - merger with Quantumscape next Friday, it's been going off today. Undervalued still.
Ayeee. Get ready for SRAC too
Shoulda bought $PLTR
BABA
It’s
I o
no you'll be -99% too
You put your astrology sign in your tinder profile, don’t you? 😂
[removed]
News reports say president XI personally killed Jack Baba
Won’t happen. Spinoff of Upjohn will reduce stock price. I think it closes next week.
Rise up!
>The China electric phenomenon is
a real movement BUT there are better ways to play it.

>Consider this – Buffett backed BYD did $22 bil in sales and trades at 3x sales even after being up 400%
this year and at these levels NIO trades at more than 17X sales.

Citron fuckers are definitely long in BYD
Scrub
I hope you aren’t serious holy shit
Cramer defending NIO 🤡
Citron didn't say anything untrue.  People just get chafed when they're otherwise having so much fun riding the tendie tornado and get all indignant when the market and its big participants stop the ride abruptly
Fucking commies infecting this fuckin sub again
Tesla IPO’ed in 2010...
KNDI
Cause everyone knows covid is like the flu but a bit deadlier to folks over 70
Your chart has no numbers.
Howja get that name?
SOLO while it's cheap.
Its actually $8.31
8.33% is nuffin i yolo 100% of my paycheck every 2 weeks.
I swear. Holding tilll Monday. When you selling?
Yolo
Leave and make some money first. Then come back and laugh with us here later. Srs.
Sucks for you!
y’all think ptlr will print?
You're worried about IV crush the day before earnings 🤣
ban
[deleted]
because nobody cares
Actually not a bad idea
What’s the next meme stock guys? I promise I’ll put my life savings in it and not waste any time like I did on PLTR, NIO, DKNG etc
if you have to ask, you already know the answer
Lol what is that after hours BABA dip
I don’t know what iv means but I’m up 1200% on nio so shut up
Fake news. Cyborgs can't get covid.
Sir there are children in this room
Limit orders
By leaps do you mean like a year out?
AYX, BABA, UBER, HUYA, WORK
SPCE gang our time is here
With more volume, those calls could skyrocket. Super high risk though
I share this sentiment. Worked my ass off and where would the money come from? Probably taxes or some other way that would affect 30-35 year old people who grew up through two depressions and just managed to pay their student loans off after living like a peasant in their 20s despite making 50k+.
$PLTR hitting $50 by spring
[deleted]
Anyone who uses the term virtually risk free def. belongs here
Not big in them at all, just began my research. 

Realistically? Absolutely depends on state. 

Say Skeleton Lord Biden de-schedules Cannabis on a federal level: each state still has to develop infrastructure and regulations for their own industries.

Edit: I highly doubt we’d see it in gas stations, depending on State. Some states don’t even allow gas stations to sell beer.
[removed]
when do you think that was opened?
Very legal, yet very uncool

 dime cash into penny FDs when u don’t want it sitting around
No shit I’ve fallen for that so many times
LIGMA
Could be faulty hardware. Shits made by Chinese 5 year olds. Sometimes they get tired.
News reports that President Xi himself stopped the Ant IPO. Could mean Ma is in serious trouble with the CCP.
If I want to get into trading, is exposing myself to all the autists here going to give me unrealistic expectations?
Imagine u did that with li
Lol
Gonna be ping ponging off the weed number until papa Elon blesses us with some new technological marvel.

I imagine Elon sitting at home going “ok I got them to bring it up to the weed number for no other reason than “420 bro” now what
They just need to use the headlines “printer on” and “printer off”
Literally Whinnie The Pooh happened. A bear
Biden has already made it pretty clear he’s planning on shutting things down for a few weeks. Now, will the inevitable stimulus paid out to citizens offset anyone’s bearishness and prevent a crash? I don’t fucking know.
[removed]
Fuck citrus. I'm going to get scurvy just to spite them
Gran Autismo - Clint Eastwood buys NIO calls.
I expect it to drop more as unsophisticated investors start to hear about this Citron news over the weekend - not everyone reads the news 24/7.... plus with earnings on Tuesday, even though the news will probably be good, historically, it drops a bit or goes flat for a few days before rebounding, if it does rebound.
That's too bad because my advice would be don't do what I did.
Sold mine today at a 250% gain. Not tempting fate again...
[deleted]
420.69
The only thing that would make me happy. So it’s not happening
Keep your helmet strapped tight
That me. Just bought Li Auto and few minutes later start dropping
I wonder if the ni  🅱️   🅱️ as from the "all my homies hate" meme ever were like yo you know we been memed on the internet? all my homies hate being memed on the internet
Will you adopt me?
Hell yea
I am sorry bro. I hope you find the next meme stock before it memes.
How’s that big chief
They sell GPS units for golf karts how is that a ev stock lol
need the full comic to determine next move
How the heck does Wyoming only have 1000+ cases.
My portfolio is basically just tech, EV, RKT like every other autist on here
It was a good day
This is great. You do these daily?
The crayons and rsi are saying it is not considered oversold yet.. im watching closely and will jump in when i feel the bottom is in
Wow...impressive!!! 👏
Wow
Maybe all of us were like that. I was like that after 10pm it went down hill from there
Will seem very cheap this time next year trust.
They’ve start doing commercial stuff too. They are the best at what they do. People are shitting on Alteryx and Palantir because they are not cloud stocks (yet). But give me these two and I’ll make your company earn millions
Don’t sell LEAPs at a loss
What the fuck happened with BABA
you mean when they were cucking the entire market and we couldnt move up in price? glad those are gone. now we have lockdowns and political uncertainty which is actually bullish
[deleted]
That's if you short the stock... buy puts and the sky is the limit
hedge
imagine being this stupid
Cb? Lol. All the sentiment feels like march but nothing big happens.
Ouch
Looks like holding DKNG was not the move. Please prove me wrong for once DKNG.
Fuck you, i lost my whole 2k account on pltr
tomorrow
Now this is the shit I like to see fucking retard
Don't give a shit, made stacks off the chop, it's gonna cool off now.
Short term I feel good like it’s going to drop a percent or two before thanksgiving but I also own zm puts so hopefully they release vaccine news after the dump
No just depressed.
[deleted]
$20
You're locked in now. Forget about them until Sunday night. Why worry about some shit you can't control?
shut up
Thanks for confirming my bias. Spy puts will print 😎
55
Both are great
Lol
$81
XPENIS IS THEBONE THAT'S MORE AFFORDABLE TO PEOPLE WHO CANT BUY TESLA
As a 29 year old who graduated with 30k debt for a four year bachelor degree, I hate the idea of student loan forgiveness. 

Worked my ass off to pay majority of them off the last 5 years, last thing I want to do is pay off other peoples loans now after all the sacrifices I made to be responsible and pay them
53
Nah...I’m good dawg
DAILY REMINDER: -14% Monday 🐻🍆
Yeah it usually does, wouldn’t hold through earnings though
I guarantee you Elon musk is mad af at his past self for making their IP public.

Also fine you got me. I’ll buy a leap tomorrow, are you happy
Check the 300/290 put vertical for December 18. So maybe between now and then
Elon has covid. My tesla shares :(
It's gonna shoot through the roof after earnings
funny thing. Me high af and drunk, bought some calls without even knowing what the fuck i was doing, made 500%. Sober I tried to do the same and lost all my profit and some more.
Lost in all the Chinese EV stuff, KCAC has been mooning to Valhalla. Kicking myself for only holding shares and not calls.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TheServe2017 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The last 10 minutes play might actually be a good strategy. Use the volatility while it lasts
No but I’d say close to 100% of wsb is on robinhood
NIO opening predictions Monday?
That will be ITM
Thanks you
No
when will see titles like this on CNBC?

&#x200B;

"Wall Street rallies because Stonks Only Go Up!"
Childhood trauma.
😂😂😂
Good deal to me. I'll buy it
No
What do you think it’ll reach it’s up hella today
Do y’all think solo is gonna take off or is that just people manipulating and selling their calls to me 🤡
I hate the weekends
Can’t believe MGM is getting close to 30
You got a 5 day 10+% rally during elections and a bonus round Monday. How is that not enough
Friday AH is always dead
One day baby, once day. It's coming!
I did a stupid today not gonna lie, but 5k swing today is temporary. It’ll be back. NIO tanked some of my longs and I bought shares on the way up like a dummy guy, then I sold calls like a boss at the top, then I tried to time the bottom and was off by about 4 dollars on a few things.... all in all I need to stop doing this shit on my fucking phone and actually get serious. Only down 14% for the day and I’m way up for the year.
I think next week will be a shitshow...

Lockdowns round 2 getting announced already.

Mango won't stim and is probably gonna shit on something.

RSI scary high.

10% correction quite possible.
Even just listen to XPEV Vice Chairman’s Bloomberg interview. China will always favor domestic products and Chinese EV’s had a record month the same month Tesla cut their prices.
[deleted]
i saw it at 4.................
For the tech enabled here why do I have to keep rebooting my modem to get the promised speeds from my isp. Like shouldn't it just do that by itself?
[deleted]
Maybe Citron is just willing to take the heat from what large groups were planning to do anyway by driving down the price and robbing the Robinhood herd. Who knows, who cares?  NIO is just a meme stock anyway
Are we tho
[deleted]
Ya I’m heavy into EV already rn
Spy dump when?
was just worried, I honestly just held until i hit 2% profit, when I went to sell I didnt realize the spread was so large, sold it for a loss too, just feeling really sad now :(
lol
Exactly. You're proving my point and too retarded to even know lol
You think they’ll pop before earnings?
Yeah it was dumb
I’m digging it! I too played nio and sold half this morning. The rest of the day was doubling down
Talked about aging poorly. Can those people panic now?
Preach Brother
Remember when the stimulus talks were keeping the market afloat?  No stimulus until late Winter or Spring confirmed, but market at ATH.
Almost 3000 now. Been accumulating since $11
You are a special retard
Nice man, I bought in at 29 so im not overly bothered either, just fun watching
Will after Biden cut
What about football
Get a gym membership or a drug addiction
This is always when we get fucked. Just an FYI. Whole sub is jacked to the tits
[deleted]
Stay. Keep us company.
True. But of course risk is relative. If I was a billionaire 1.5M wouldn't mean much. If I was a wage slave $1.5M is basically awesome.

Thankfully I'm frugal so I'm somewhere in between.
Look at case numbers now vs march and come back to me
Could you have bought 13x 290p and rolled it into a credit spread, limiting your losses any further than 290-287.5x100x13?
They're now just throwing darts at the wheel of daily headlines
my life is always fucking meaningless
Holding until earnings. And I’ve been buying shares in every deep below 11. 80% return so far. Out at 200%
when is j-pow going to print
it's a camouflage defense mechanism -

an anecdote - i knew this dude who posted pics of his lambos and maseratis on twitter/insta/some shit one day. shortly after, on multiple occasions strange cars would drive slowly past his house. he had to hire security and stop posting, and everything went back to normal.
For those of you who are down big, ask your family to lend you some cash so you can get back in the game
I hope it’s red
You can snipe 10-20% a day if you have the balls and know how. It can backfire occasionally but I have been putting 10% of my portfolio into spy calls/puts in the last 10 minutes of trading everyday for the past month and have averaged about 12.5% with some days upwards of 50% gains in 10 minutes.
[deleted]
They’re rotating into private sector and many early adopters are seeing value in their product. Huge growth potential while their current underlying value is guaranteed by the fact they have those sweet gubment contracts.
NIO $14 high low daily spread wtf
How many times have you blown up your account
Pope here. Have shat in wood.
Currently up 150 percent all time trading options
I vote to rename citron to shitron
CNBC: Stocks rally off Mango Man's white hair.
How many shares and average?
citrus short sellers
Fuck that.  Walked out of the cromwell up $1300 on craps this morning!
[deleted]
Would’ve thought ah would’ve had a little more action
Ight jus lemme know
People using NIO calls to buy homes, YOLO puts on housing market.
and they say that TA is worthless
Me. Hi I’m spy
Post the screenshot here and get 2.5 million upvotes. Boom, talk about a return on investment.
My life is fucking meaningless during the weekend
My 35 368c would love it. Average cost of .02
That's a risk I can take. If it moons, I'll take the profit and buy in later.
They have a lot more potential customers in China though
Should I be worried about my spy puts. I wanted to relax this weekend
i got shares months ago like an idiot.
Nooo one

Buys high like Gaston

Sells low like Gaston

Nobody's options go to zero like Gaston's!
Government contracts. Best customers to have if you’re the best at what you do.
Dirty dirty bad poor.
Do it Monday 10 minutes after open. We need to get into positions.
Depends. Bullish on FAANG type shit. Bearish on Boomer type shit.
UAL & CCL
Zooms market cap is at 114b. Thats a joke
68 year old guy does roofing with my brother every day. We work all year in Michigan. Dude used to go with his mom to trading rooms in Massachusetts when he was a kid. He makes most of his money on short term puts has at least a million. Drives a 20 year old compact, eats mcdonald's, and doesn't want to quit roofing. He told me recently that he wants to give it all to his kids. One lost her business at the beginning of the pandemic.
This sub would have been flooded with all 3.
You big in pot stocks? When would thc realistically be in gas stations? I’ve done very little research
It's just using the same text in a new context.  Are you autistic for real?
I'm not going to listen to your advice.
What’s the sec going to do? Tell citron wow remember when you thought nio was undervalued and told everyone to buy it, well now you can’t tell people it’s overvalued, that’s illegal
how many times you gonna post this you fucking dildo
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/woodalchi96 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My precious
Moderna vaccine coming out soon
Ford has no dividends
Sold at 52.5. Never timed so perfectly.
So I bought 11/13 SPY 356 Puts with like half my account at 1:16 and was very quickly down like 25%. I somehow managed to get out with an 8% gain on them at 1:33 but boy howdy was that play dumb as hell.

Weeklies are fun.
I’m sure at least 1 pope has
whats wrong with lmnd?
I have puts though and holding my balls for there life
Get assigned
[deleted]
That makes so much more sense. Looks like I should sell my Jan 15th $33/$34 spread on monday...
I guess we all have the same account today
Anyone here actually paying your student loans off still?
or get out before citron drops, then cop 2023 longs for the low NEEEYYYOOO
It wouldn't surprise me.
Oh brother. Why did you sell man? I know its a meme stock but its not going anywhere soon.
 there we go again with stupid titles in the news

# Stocks rally as investors shake off worries about infections and the economy
The opinion was surrounded by lies. He claimed to tell investors to buy the stock at $7 two years ago. It wasn’t publicly traded till this year. It was well below $2 privately 2 years ago.
How you do that??? I want to do that too, but I’m an autist with an IPhone that uses it like a Motorola razor
fully stocked dick?
Hit hard by the NIO dip but I'm still up 15% overall. Diversification!
Could feel something
If you can give it a month, it will probably get back support.  It just sucks to lock up money that long when there are so many other good plays out there.  Of course I froze up this week and missed buying after the Tuesday drop.
Autist and the margin call 😌
Like go fight real crime not punish the little guys only 😉 free shkreli
Sure, but why does it have to be NIO specifically that it goes to. And how do you know it’s going to be enough to justify it already being one of the largest car companies
Why is recovery up so bigly today? Been at work all day did I miss some news?
We’re gonna be chilling next week
My thought is that you all need to stfu with nio. It s high enough and not fun anymore
 That about sums it. High Gex + High Dix = slow and steady climb up all week.  

With high GEX, you want to buy ATM calls and not OTM due to low gamma
LSD, edible, and natty lights for me tonight.
No.... we want them to actually work or go away.
Exponents
I mean I hear what you’re saying but is wsb spamming the sec 4chan style going to change anything at all?
great DD
I sold 75% yesterday after being in for a few months, but I will jump back in though next week if it seems safe Monday. 🤑
geeez
I mean it's antstreetbets +75 for the year, lol. Could have been 200😭
Let’s make it 368 for true autism
SmileDirectClub
Weekends are boring
r/babystreetbets
Some day you will understand
I mean given its retard strength, anything can happen man.
LTHM, they mine lithium.  A billion EV’s is a lot of lithium.
I fucking hate lemonade now

Yes Im a NIO call holder
Basically how the government transferred billions and billions of dollars to wall street at the beginning of COVID via unemployment. Sometimes I wonder if it's something cooked up ahead of time.
that's legit what happens tho
JD to 105-110 on Monday?!
hahahahaha
Haha same man nio gang
Red, Friday’s trend normally move next week. Have seen it more than once in October
[deleted]
Yeah load up on the 40p
Hoping for a run up to earnings, would love to see it hit 55 by EOD Tuesday
Beauty and the beast
Lol where? 10k is enough for closing maybe. Ripoff industry.
SIR BREADFRUIT
take a hit bro
Uber is valued at $84B, it doesn't even make money. Nice.
Oh no 😲 it's terminal ⚰️
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do you feel stupid now?
Is it Monday yet?
Same $6 more an hr, & half the work as two offices combined

Nbd
[deleted]
🦄🦄🦄🦄
Over 5k comments today mentioning NIO.

For reference, peak TSLA sentiment was around the same. The most other tickers normally get to are around 10-15% of comments that mention tickers.

Not only that, but after the stock price has doubled, you all are still bullish! Amazing!
I highly doubt it. 

There is an insane amount of money being pumped into telehealth, and this was the case before COVID existed. COVID just accelerated things.


Edit: Of course most people will return to normal doctor’s visits, but “telehealth is done” is absurd. The technology was not developed for Covid or pandemic scenarios.
Well that was easy
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hey how did you get on my account?? Literally looks like mine haha
Brb let me go time travel
If this is like their Enph attack, it didnt last.
Truth hurts. I'm heavy in gme so I am also stupid
>Historically doesn't SP500 return closer to 7%? And assuming 2% inflation effective would be 5%.

\*10% with compounding interest noobs. And even higher if you "buy on a dip".  And if you can't live off 125k a year, might as well never retire.
I could see that fucking you up if they kill earnings
Read a summary of the earnings call. Pretty much explains it. They have a lot of government contracts but they’re also expanding their data collection to commercial and healthcare. Personally I think it’s gunna be a big win long term
Papa.
Living foooor todayyyayyayyyyyyy.
Thank you. Means a lot
Palantir, Tesla, Alteryx and Alibaba
definitely not today
We only gamble in American here!
[deleted]
Leave daddy alone, mans got a case of the Covid
Praying to cyber Jesus that tech prints
Not gay
 you're just jealous of my .000001 BRK A shares.
RLFTF Relief Therapeutics.  Any autists like playing with Covid penny stocks?  All or nothing on incoming EUA?
Whaaa? Bezos doing F I N E.
All the fucking cucks love that shit and it's cuck season. You have lost your god damn mind. They are legit.
More tendies for me
All I’m saying is my puts went BRRRRT today. Might buy more Monday with earnings coming up. NIO is a meme stock.
Bro, look at the monthly, look at the yearly, and look at the 5 year. It doesn't take a genius to figure out a correction was coming.
He needs to pay for his crimes of ruining a beautiful run-up from a shit article that caused a dump allowing his short position to profit from. Market Manipulation.
This guy...
Who wants to eat meat when you can beat meat? Calls on $JELQ
You too
Tale as old as time

Thought tendies would be mine

MMs saw my order flow 

Account at zero
I don’t agree with you.  There are many diseases a full stop 2 week global shutdown would solve.  However, partial shutdowns do nothing more than stretch things out and transfer wealth and create despair. Where are the net lives saved exactly? You have to assume a successful vaccine before the virus finishes running its course. Meanwhile NYC is already approaching heard immunity.  That means the lockdowns in NYC only moves sicknesses in time, rather than eliminating them.  If you’d like to fault my logic please be specific.  I’m trying to learn, always!
[deleted]
Rise, you have to remember that nio dropped because citron sold their shares then proclaimed that the stock is gonna go down...thats like buying the last roll of toilet paper then exclaiming that the world is out of TP.
yesss 🙌
NIO IS THE ONLY ONE THAT MATTERS! STOP WASTING YOUR TIME AND MONEY ON XPENIS
Is 100% of Robin Hood part of WSB?
To whoever bought the NIO 57c Exp 11/20 call I sold, RIP.
NIO - will pop hard after earnings next week get it now
Las number I heard was $50k. Of course there was no mention of where the money was coming from.
I remember when I could feel anything
weird way to say 60. But I got NIO calls priced in for 11/27. I expect it'll settle between 50-55 by the time of expiry
I never asked. I was showing the gains I had made previously.

I learned a long time ago not to listen to anyone on reddit for advice about stocks.
Not me, retard!

Who knows may be they did buy calls yesterday, pumped it in pre market, sold their calls at market open, then loaded up puts and then started shorting.

Who knows!
NIO puts for earnings?? This fun train has to come to an end right?
A lot of people bearish on NIO, what’s your outlook for Monday?
What if the new factory gets hit by a natural disaster like his last factory? I mean his SUV is called the Ocean and his car was the Karma. He's tempting the gods.
>these chinese ev companies are just car manufacturers

Exactly the opposite. These Chinese EVs, specifically NIO, are much more of a lifestyle than the car manufacturers we have in the west. Hence why there's a NIO fashion house and everything.
Stop gambling and manage your budget to recover over time.
I got F’ed by PTON $110c 11/13
Lmao 😂😂
lol why is dollar shitting itself after hours. SPY $400 confirmed
I love covid cases blowing tf up and the stock market doesn’t care. Y’all 🌈 🐻 stay mad.
[deleted]
Yea it went from 4000% ytd to 3800% what a steal
I feel that. That’s why I enjoy trading, kind of a loner hobby. Except for shit posting in this community of fellow retards. I think I speak to maybe 4 people a day 🤷‍♂️
Wake up
Ok this aged like deviled eggs outside on a 100+ degree day.
heartbroken. portfolio is down 50% and recovered it all with NIO this morning but I was way too greedy and it was on a LEAP, held it and sold at a loss before close :(.
About what? Having opinions?
Na dude no one wants that nasty ass meat it's going to $0
I called this selloff in my previous post. It got 0 upvotes. I sold my nio calls before the crash. :)
I got like $20 worth of shares for signing up and throwing in $100. Pulling it all out in 5 trading days when the funds settle. Free money!
Spacman
Nah. Vaccine distribution starts in December already
This meme is money
My thoughts exactly tbh
Lol Which means it bought in today like a retard
I actually dump then pump.
I can't even imagine that
Does the pope shit in the woods?
Yes
I bought 100 shares at $21, so a few days ago I left some money on the table because I too see some real long term potential. Bought the dip at close today as well. If there’s a big Monday/Tuesday then I’ll sell shares for the profit and the go on a long hold again like you are.
fractional shares are the EASIEST way to make money & it's not even a debate.
You actually want to sell 2 near strikes and buy one farther along the chain so the credit is more than your profit to truly lock it in.  The butterfly.  Just selling the next strike can still lose money in situations where the Delta is significantly different.
Kinda makes you think, where would NIO ,LI and XPEV be if that Citron report didn't come out today? 🤔🤔
God I hope so lol
Hopefully some McDonalds coupons cause I just loss the house on NIO calls
Diarrhea? Tbh I didn’t even know it was a symptom. Probably the body trying to unleash the virus from your body 🤷🏼‍♀️
take some off the table, bucko
lol
Welp there's another ban. Have fun in view only mode!
It’s not sticking though, after Covid everyone will go back to face-to-face
If you’re hiring I’m needing an accountant
Yes
I want the SEC to actually do something
[deleted]
$326 DEC20 standing by
NIO should keep on going up. It is ev stock and they go up
Charge your phone
Pltr
i agree, but have you seen the nutrients they've shoved into the BYND stuff?

i don't know the amount or variety of natural food you'd have to eat to meet the same levels

i felt like i had more energy as well after eating a BYND burger
I mean would it really matter
BYND shares will be bought on Monday i do not care. lol
Which is good but, how does this stock get to 100?
"terrorism"
Ask for 6 then retard
Nearly dead
to be honest it looks like a basic toyota from 20 years ago
Would mind a 500% run from here with PLTR tbh
"terrorism"
Many people said it wasn’t possible. Just tremendous.
Thank you for that
Damn fuckers lol
Imagine actually strategically using options to actually profit instead of buying lottos... I’m not saying I do that... but you can
it’s in my dna to be poor, i need an mRna vaccine against poorness
Honestly? I spent more bitcoins and got some really good coke. Literally spent 497 bitcoins on drugs and cashed out 3 bitcoins in 2018.
I know. But if it’s good, with the new consoles, a lot of new people may buy into the franchise. I don’t play COD, and I’m thinking of buying it for the PS5. Graphics look amazing
Great trade. Didn’t even know it was a company until today lmao
[deleted]
Should've doubled down at the bottom since I also bought today at the top but wow it seem like it wouldn't stop going down.
Expensive lessons are always the most educational aren't they?  Have a good weekend
[deleted]
Smart, I bet once they delete your message, they might even send you a couple coupons in mail.
If you sold the contract, you have to pay market price.
Pretty fucking good
WHOS ASS DO I NEED TO SUCC TO GET SPY TO 300
did you just ask if puts are bearish?
Good shares to buy at close rn? In a buying mood got 6k to spare
I have positions in all of these
I need a survey. How bearish/bullish are you guys for next week with vaccine news, lockdown updates, etc
Retarded taste buds there.
Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.
https://imgur.com/gallery/mGtRYGx 🤮
Low energy, foggy brain, fucked up sinuses. They come and go, but I definitely didn’t feel like this prior to getting sick.
Sell and rebuild during dips
Always manage your risk
Link to actual post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/comments/jtpk8q/harley_finkelstein_shopify_president_here_saw_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Yeah entire savings. Such is life. Good chunk of it was NIO calls
Thanks!
Roll it to a higher price for more gains
Went all in on spy puts this morning barely made it out alive
Sometimes I don’t want cash doing nothing so I just throw it all into something fractional shares or not. Is that illegal?
Holding VIX for that Monday morning 🚀
Why are you posting this like you are right
"When Robinhood users pile into a stock in large numbers, the average excess return on the day surges to 14%. But this is followed by a reversal of nearly 5% over the subsequent month, a new paper found.  

One idea from the academic world: A strategy of selling a security after a herding event and buying it five days later delivers a 3.5% return and nearly double that for more extreme scenarios.

In fact, the researchers say there’s good reason to think hedge funds are doing some version of this, since they observed a spike in short interest among shares bought heavily by Robinhood traders."

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-13/herding-by-naive-robinhood-traders-may-be-good-signal-to-short?sref=qpbhckVU
6 shares HYFXF or whatever went up 120,000% but is still 12¢
I can't tell you where the lie is, but there is a lie there somewhere.  My number 1 rule is never pay for tips or recommendations (or courses, programs, seminars, clubs, videos, etc.), no one can tell the future and you're throwing away money.  Don't let someone make money off of you just for telling you the names of the things they trade, you could be doing that!
I feel that
You’re such a fucking r word
Buys only puts now
AAPL been treading water for weeks now, rotation into value and EV left it behind
Spy bears how we feeling for next week?

Holding 355P 11/27
Imagine all the retards
[deleted]
Haha rode that train into the dirt... If I only woke up on time! Could of made a couple hundred
For real. There is a dollar amount in my head. Once I have more than this, I am going to never work again. I'm also not going to worry about investing. Put my money in super safe stuff and enjoy my life. 

That number is considerably less than 91b.

It's considerably less than 1b.
Short the stock if you can’t sell your calls.  At least then you’re hedged from downside risk.
You did the right thing. For now.
Big 🧠
The short Citron Research report on NIO

https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf
Pfft

Those big fat balded suits are still angry that a bunch of RH “investors” brought at the bottoms in March-April.
Calls cheap?

Balls deep
Was it your entire savings? Yeah most of us are losers here. I’m guessing nio calls?
I'm a PLTR believer, I'm in 400@15.00$! As soon it reaches 20$ I'll sell, wait for a dip, wash and repeat. Probably by December
Like, can you even imagine being poor? Ew
I take forever to respond to this girl, not because I dont like her, but because I genuinely just hate messaging people
$DSGT is a an EV pennystock with $5.7m in preorders for north and South America. It’s the  Canadian TSLA/NIO. Available in fidelity.
Imagine knowing how IV crush works
Welcome to the club Seth.
FER, XPEV, NIO
Haha sometimes :)
Dont worry there’s always margin
People have wagered 25x as much on riskier puts for the same date, and not just as a hedge. Timing doesn’t need to be perfect, just right.
April? That’s almost q2 at that point
Haha that’s the mindset that got me here
The report for NIO is 2 pages with pictures of Tesla’s on it. 

Dude can munch my fucking taint.
Yup feels bad man I’m right there w you. Got in at $22 actually thought no way it goes more yet here we are
I've laughed all the way up from the $6 shares, still laughing, see yall in the double digits
Figured
Citron was just a speed bump, we going back up baby
No-dollar Damus!
😐
My crystal ball is broken. If I had to throw a dart at the wall good earnings report will probably mean more investors. If you look at the trend theres a short sell off following the news and then a big pump after. Maybe that was just the institutions pushing it before but either or it doesnt affect me. I bought a while ago and I am holding until they realize the potential I see or something changes and the potential is gone. Neither of those have happened. I'm just here for the memes I typically wouldn't be checking this much hahah
Should be the fucking description of the sub.
20k total, last 3k today trying to chase and get it all back. Probably a good thing
Google is an advertisement company. Palantir does government contracts for terrorism identification.
[deleted]
My spidey senses are telling me you rode the NIOcoaster
Wat article?
Why didn't you buy calls as you pumped it up?
Titles like COD are annual/cyclical and are priced in their stock. How much more can they possibly squeeze out of their consumers year over year on a title like this? Same for EA and Take Two. They will make their nut with different franchises that will hold longevity on a single release with frequent content release that surpasses a year. Not a title that needs to be purchased "whole" each year for almost the same content and shit microtransactions.
Imagine imagining
Broken trade now.
I know right? Screw the mods
Just hope we don't get shut down first. Trump says not on his watch 🤞
Same. He has Chrons so it hit him extra hard 💀
This is definitely not a trend lol.
I certainly don’t have the biggest account but if you’re buying fractional shares...

Please stop being poor
[deleted]
I did once
I'm down 1.4k thankfully 1000 was from the profit I had made this morning..
$COCK n $BALLS
Rip
If I’m holding NIO 25c with a May expiry, it’s a stupid move to hold till expiry and exercise right? Selling before would give extrinsic value + allow me to buy if I wanted anyways?
we’re all retards so
Stupid
FIT
This is the way.
Algos do this one next 👆
some libertarian agent
It was implied.
Will NIO rally next week?
Stfu weeb don’t talk about IV club
Why not both?
It’ll be back. But yeah did a few things wrongly today. Know exactly what.
6 shares of HTZ
NIO you say, I’ll check it out
Looks nicer than Tesla’s gay body
🤪🤪 I am gonna open up a onlyfan page if I keep this trend with all the right calls i made this week.
How much you lose
because it is, xpeng is basically Chinas Tesla copycat. They even supposedly  "stole" teslas fsd.
Are you no$tradamus?
But isn't that just what Google does?
Imagine thinking you could make money with options
It's hilarious how whiny and triggered so many people are over what is essentially a strangely formatted Seeking Alpha article.
yea you can have a cash account with lets say 1k and you can day trade as much as you want until that 1k runs out. then the funds settle the next day. you dont get instant buying power for options like RH. i just use both
I bought some $60 11/20 calls today.....im down like $300.......
I'd nut so hard
WSB  needs to collectively Petition to submit mass SEC reporting of Citron/Andrew Left.
Who the fuck is Andrew ⬅️??
I’m in love with the Asian guy from House of Flying Daggers. Like hello daddy 🤤
WSB when a short seller writes a piece on a stock they've got puts on: LOL IT WAS SO OVERVALUED THEY DESERVED THIS HAHA GET REKKKKTTTT WE MAKING TENDIESSSS

WSB when a short seller writes a piece on a stock they've got calls on: NOOOOOO YOU CANT DO THIS ITS MARKET MANIPULATION WHY DOES IT MATTER IF ITS OVERVALUED CANT YOU SEE ITS A GROWTH STOCK?!
Move 1: Go on TV and cry like a bitch.
get a.. broom and do some shrooms
You fuckers better not ruin PLTR like what you did to NIO
Bet you said the same thing about Tesla LOL
Exactly.  It's in their nature.
NIO >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> xpeng
Damn Webull is thirsty rn. Just got an email offering 6 free stocks to refer a friend
[deleted]
After zee fall, you buy zee calls.
>SOLO 

IPOB
Is this just a list of random stocks
[deleted]
u can make it all back with just a couple of good plays. nio puts etc trump will probably ban it to cause autists to focus on american stocks
A suicycle but it’s good for the environment?? What’s the downside?
What side effects 😦
[removed]
I just don't trade options.
The sword swings both ways. Tesla's success shows that EV startups have potential to be legitimate contenders, but Tesla's multiple instances of narrowly avoiding bankruptcy and needing nearly 2 decades to go from red to black show that it's not guaranteed or easy. They also had the luxury of being able to sell cars at ridiculous markup for years to stay afloat until they could scale up due to a lack of meaningful competition, a luxury that startups today do not necessarily have access to.
Yep...
Just all types of retarded FDs trying to chase losses.
ONION
Lil Nas X feat Yung Quant
If you have to ask here, you probably should just park your cash in a low-fee ETF and not think twice about it.
Dumbassssss sell it!!!!!!!
Not really a flex since you have no idea how much money is in my account. It could be $5,001
He’s a little options slut
Kodak black album is 🔥

Call kodk $10 1/15/21
Nio prediction yesterday [Nio](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt38hy/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020/gc3b3fg/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
Xpeng p7
You don’t have to hold till expiration and I would highly advise doing that anyways. Robinhood will always sell spreads close to the money or in the money around an hour before market close on expiration day. 

You wouldn’t sell the call you sold, you would buy it back. If you open a spread by itself, it’s just like any other position where you can go to it and buy/ close. Robinhood has a select feature at the top right of the options chain, you would use that to buy back the call you sold and sell the call you bought in one transaction. It would be easy to fill on expiration day especially if it’s in the money. Hope that helps
How’re my GME boys doing?


Haven’t been here since mid October
No one ever plans/can actually tell when it’s gonna be a 10 bagger dude, but I will say 10 baggers come out of doing good fundamentals/TA. One day you’ll wake up expecting your calls to be up a couple hundo and then the stock will be up 20% PM so just keep at it
You got a Lambo yet?
Secretive stuff
Bought NIO in early October after profiting on TSLA, there is no pain here.
This is me. Have a free award cause I burned all my money
IPOB up over 7% today they have a merger announcement happening most likely 12/17 and calls on it are super cheap rn
Did you notice anything else interesting while you were up there?  In your ass, that is.  While you were grabbing the info for your comment.
Puts on travel one of us is gonna hit da rope
Aka loser
This is the way
At first I was like... did this mofo really just post a $47 gain?
Get woke and do some coke
Shame that his main account was suspended.
I bought at the top & bottom today. Am I doing it right? Is that what they mean by dollar cost averaging over at /investing?
we're going up
[deleted]
A retarded hobbit. You should never be red on Friday truly lol
is that a nio?
You are going to make a shit tonne of money. Congratulations in advance
[removed]
Oh ok welp, even then so!
He orders coke by the pool, takes one sip, and leaves the pool of coke for the poors to clean up.
Happy cake day!
Too bad you won't get to do either.
[deleted]
Are YOU new here? WSB has been screaming NIO for a week. If you believe in investing WSB you’d have puts on NIO
RIP
Who’s this Asian guy on Fast Money cute af
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** The new generation of investors... Brought to you by WSB

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtpoy6
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtpoy6) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Rick420-, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Jack-Skinne
thicc_viet_cong
Tony_Scarboni
SonOfMeme
Giraffe-kit
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Cool flex
lmao bro 96m market cap... some people on this sub can actually buy this company
Awweeew fuck ya bud!
trump dick type beat
Yeah but not rich enough yet 😔
Any time, if you ever have a question on how to play an industry, asset class, or stock, give a holla
Time for big dick ackman to make some moves
Stonks go down Monday mark my words brotha
In the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked moie at 28 minutes Alvin walks in the sand and there are no footprints. Movie fuckin ruined. Dumbass kid here didn’t even notice.
lol no
Well thank god that shitshow it over, time to sleep and wake up on Monday
Decent earnings calendar next week:  WMT, HD, LOW, TGT, NVDA and last but not least Shoe Carnival
Lol if I can scape up some $ you’re probably right
Big data government stuff. Collecting your data
How to make lots of money within a few days-

1. Identify which sectors/stocks are running fast
2. Use bots to spam here in wsb
3. Let people buy and run the stocks more
4. Load up with puts
5. Publish a tweet bashing one of the top runner in the sector
6. Short heavily so that scared retail investors panic sell
7. Enjoy your tendies from your puts and cover your short positions slowly

Short sellers couldn't even make it to 10% down while these stocks gained almost 100% in last 2 weeks!
And here we are and SOLO held its ground all day! I'm *probably* gonna cash them out on Monday as I'd be thrilled with what they're worth right now. I could torture myself with the "what ifs" if I keep them but whatever, papa has a credit card with $3k debt on it I'd like to pay off lol
Over committed to calls on travel at end of day. See you guys Monday, either retiring early or $ROPE.
Does is show that. Does it really show that, Jared
Had it pretty bad and still have side effects. For reference I’m 30, in pretty good shape and rarely get sick.
What were your plays?
if its shares ur fine, if its options needa see ur positions
I hope not.  I think he proposed $10k.  Really unfair because I worked through college and lived very frugally for a few years after college to pay off my debt.
bruh there's always meme P&D's

Don't mean shit really
Can’t use the ticker here
So good genes for a human in your example means Big, funny, and good looking?

Shirpas can climb to the top of Mount Everest without oxygen tanks. That sounds like good genes if you need to climb mountains, but does that help their acting career, idk.

What if we talk about working in small spaces, does Devitos “bad” genes now become good genes?
Very interesting!
DDeez nuts. Reddit “I listen to someone else’s DD” was moving it up
he’s positive, those tests give false negatives not false positives, doesn’t take a genius to understand that 2 false negatives and 2 positives equals a positive
My daddy did. Just gave him diarrhea for a week 🤡
Someone wants to stake ETH 2.0
Ford CEO is so desperately trying to pump the stock recently, it’s quite hilarious. Shit doesn’t work when you’re a dinosaur company laced to the brim with debt.
Can the SEC investigate Andrew Left?
What is this word "fee"? I feel like you're starting to say a word and not finishing it.
34%?

As of this post it was 44.69% up. 

Crazy shit..
FSR
Next week
Bitchmade
Dude, having worked in the healthcare industry I can assure you telehealth is not over. That shit was getting pushed so hard pre-Covid.
I need help with Palantir, could someone please explain what they do and why its gonna be huge? Thanks
PFE, AAL, CVS, INO, SPCE, PLTR, RKT, what else is missing?
Banned on what?
It depends how big of news it would have to be
But it's not though
When does one know when it's exit time? Dropped 15% today and people were still holding. How much does it have to fall before long holders sell?
See you Monday
JD -100 next week because it fucked me in June.


JD 60c 6/19
just buy calls and make money. it's easy
I've got no horse in this race and, of course, NIO is overvalued, but I'd rather see the retards on this sub take Citron's money than vice versa.
This is how to imagine crack addicts feel after hitting that pipe. It is pretty pathetic guys.
Fuck me it's so true.
you new here? inverse wsb
Is it bearish to have puts on zm. If zm drills my other calls moon
We have vaccine already. Market is forward looking. No cases in Q1
Bought weed when it was crazy high up at very high premiums, lost like 95% on CGC and 60% on MJ. The worst burns ever
Wearing wizard clothing makes you a market wizard
If anyone read this far, get ready for the most boring arguments ever posted.
Dude parted the CCPs asshole to bring us green days, except today the CCP let out a wet one
Oh fuck lmfao. This is why I was in FSR today instead of NIO
Yeah man totally the same thing. Nothing wild or crazy or unpredictable happened in March to cause that. Nope. 🤡🤡🤡🤡
PLEASE KORNACKI
DID YOU SAY 9/11 HOLIDAY MOTHERFUCKER

🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
[deleted]
The thicker Elon gets, the more he shows his age. Skinny Elon looked 35 but fat Elon looks easily 50+.
Yeah she told me, she was wondering if they botched your circumcision or something cause it looked like they had just reattached the tip of your penis to your pelvis
ATTA BOY!!!
Just got the pro max, should be trading big leagues now
People complaining about the election results when Biden only needed to win one of the four late reporting swing states to get elected. Who cares if he actually won Pennsylvania. Just absolute cope.
LI
Try NIO
Banned from where?
Can't believe shitcoin touched 9k 2 months ago.
Not even about sustainable. He made false claims in his tweet. NIO wasn’t publicly traded 2 years ago and definitely wasn’t $7. So how did Citron tell people to buy at $7 2 years ago and then now say sell $25 new target.
SPY 363.5 Monday open
what happened?
Lost it all. Welp, fun playing with you guys.
Cyclicals and non tech hulk green
Markets only cared about covid the first time cause no one knew anything about. It doesn’t give a shit about it now
hope you bought the NIO and XPEV dip. NIO earnings next week
baaaaaaa WSB inverse strong sell signal
Underrated comment
dude just buy it for him... his livelihood depends on it
I just bought NIO calls yesterday so everyone prepare for it to drop by 90%.
[removed]
I’m thinking of getting robot legs. It’s a risky operation but I think it’s worth it.
I was under the impression that if I open a spread I had to hold until expiration? I know if I buy a call I can sell it but how would I sell a call I already sold?
Bro , just buy puts and calls at the same time, same in the money strike price, one or both of them will print 🤣💰💵💵
THANK YOU!!

All this uncertainty around the chinese being...well...chinese, so I'm over here like "well SOLO is canadian, they're the straightest people on the planet" lol
Ahhh I see, makes sense.
[deleted]
Ok here’s an Arby’s tip. Ask for extra red ranch on it that way you don’t mix the Arby’s sauce with red ranch
u/vredditdownloader
You're right. NIO TO THE MOON. Fuck Andrew Left and fuck Citron.
He’s “dead” serious
right
Peeton to 100 trill market cap eod (end of decade)
How much coke does panicsellbuffet drink a day?
Well that would be pretty good for my graphite stocks but I strongly doubt it will happen.
You can still trade online? Its the NYSE
Brb taking out a second mortgage.
This week is over retard
Is a 2% day a lot or something?
Seems like it.
Nah we good. All the people who bought above yesterday's close sold.
Home depot is worth as much as bitcoyn
To me it seemed obvious it’s a small efficient car made for a big city I grew up in one the main problem is space this solves that problem with next to 0 competitors in its space just made sense to me
I’ll donate to your robot foot if you need it
I’ll donate to your robot foot if you need it
[deleted]
OIN
FOMO Potter and the Goblet of Unlimited Gains
Get out of my office
Are you too young to remember 2008,09? Legacy auto is junk.
Today will go down in history as the famous nio switcharoo
Pennystock
Canabis was totally my fault, I was in a bad hangover the morning I bought them but NIO? Idk who the fuck cares what this Andrew left retard had to say? Why people sold off like crazy today I still don’t understand when every other analyst on the street is literally worshiping NIO
Is 42.07 the poor mans 420.69?
INO
He probably believes in Covid too
On a call you bought?

Sell a December expiration strangle with 35/60 short strikes. 

Collect $750 in premium. Stare in amazement at the resulting erection from being profitable for once. Drink Gypsy WSB tears
I’m down 5k today what does that make me precious
Holy fuck how, weed and nio are the only things that made me money in the last few weeks
I’m going to guess 60% of people here have under 10k and 80% under 25k. Keep that in mind when you’re taking DD here.
A robotic foot would be kind of cool.
guaranteed boomer stonk
LMAO, exactly how it'll play out, I'm sure...
[removed]
Wait, why is SOLO a banned ticker?
Who’s got COVID before
Can you hurry up and accept it so it can finally crash? Please
I find that people that post about their girlfriend, actually do not have one. I mean, it's the height of being a sad, virginal 'Wolf of Wall Street' fan.
prob stop being so reactionary
[deleted]
I let the sink in but I have no place to put it. Please advise.
What’s a good stock not named NIO
Ford has dividends tho
Wish you well! I’m hoping to buy some back in the $30 range
I don't see that many Ford cars
Too old 🥺
Normal People: COVID negative or positive 

Elon Schrödinger: COVID negative and positive
Chinese Elon has a better hairline than American Elon. Change my mind
It’s sort of like fairy dust, something that will occasionally look like it’s piling up in your hands only to hold onto it and watch as it magically evaporates
It will hit 20 after earnings. We are in for a biiiiiig beat
Thanks man, I mostly try to look at it as a hobby but that hope is always there that today is the day I'm set
wtf are you talking about? from the morning high lol stfu. it dropped 7.5% from yesterday to today .....
I haven’t checked my NIO holding today, woke up after close.

Sometimes calls go up even it’s red because of higher IV. I wish it go up today
lmao
Yes I spent about 500 on calls and am up roughly 10k still sitting on 3/21 calls for 3$
just a little before you realize you were right
I feel as elon can guarantee stable 5G home internet more people would buy Tesla's. Hell I might even consider one.
Bought when apple was at 115
username checks out
LMG: ACB?
 ‏‏‎
We out here
big green on everything prolly tbh, shoulda gotten amazon calls
Stop playing with NIO. You'd be better off flipping a coin to determine whether or not you should burn your money
Me all in PLTR and FSR watching people get fucked on NIO\*\* fixed!!
What the fuck is apple doing next week. I got some 11/20 119Cs. Like 35% of my portfolio
Bro these dudes have their heads so far up their butts. There are literally 0 court cases of election fraud outstanding right now, and they are screaming Supreme Court and fraud. Lmao. Trump's own lawyer yesterday said there was no fraud case.
Why not just amputate it and get a fake leg so you don’t have to limp?
[removed]
fuck your puts
Enjoy stupefying yourself ‘dabhits’
[deleted]
I submitted a tip to your mom last night
Ford (Auto manufacturer) is only worth 13% more than Peloton (Bikes with screens). Let that sink in...
Gonna brag about that small gain? It's like you are bragging about having sex with a stripper.
Remember when I said to buy LYG $2.00 4/16/21 calls when LYG was trading at $1.18 and the calls cost 1 cent? Well it’s now trading at $1.80 and the calls cost .13
Still I fully believe it will hit $2.00 by Jan and the 4/16/21 calls are still cheap:)
Oh shit, if it’s not we’re printing bigly
What do you expect from a sub that Fomo’d into the very top of a parabolic EV run.
Lol have you not been paying attention?  We break all time high new cases daily and we are also breaking all time high levels in stocks. I'm not saying it makes sense, I'm just saying don't fight it. Follow the trend. We aren't going to see March lows again even if we close down.
F
I know Gyna bad, but we're the ones dropping like flies cuz were busy arguing over conspiracy theory nonsense. Knock that shit off you silly fucks.

JD 100c 11/20 and 130c 1/15/21
To the fucking moon next week!! 🚀🚀
[deleted]
I guess now he’s just (regular wealthy)
Oh my fucking god it’s a dick lol
Prob a lot, including me
Man up and make an assessment.  Don't come here with this beta shit.
They need to get Steve Kornacki on CNBC doing stocks. I would watch
Hey that's my strategy
Thin AH volume 

Don't mean much either way
bought 2.5C 1/21/2022 earlier this week.  Up 142%
Brother take profits on something so deep itm, especially on robinhood on the day of expiration. It was worth more than .95 out of a possible 1.00 max profit throughout the day until it started to drop. Once it gets to that point, definitely cash out. It’s never worth it to risk 95$ to make 5$
Petition to submit mass SEC reporting of Citron/Andrew Left. NIO wasn’t publicly traded 2 years ago and definitely wasn’t $7. Clearly a scam.
You dun goofed
Elbows deep.
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Damn my heart.
Hmm

Tempting
What’s the GEX and DIX saying boys?
🧊🆙

🧸💀
Ewww neither
Oh they missed earnings by 233% too...if they can’t hit earnings targets during a time when everyone and their brother was using telehealth, it’s not a good sign
Two months since ankle surgery and still stuck at home limping around in a boot. Puts on my sanity.
Anyone putting money into FCEL? Or PLUG?
You are the life blood of this subreddit
At least one of us is
[deleted]
already got promoted after they started cleaning house earlier in the pandemic hehe
 ‏‏‎
I’m holding ten shares of bitchcoin hbu
It happens man, I lost 9k in one day on the vaccine news. Still clawing back.
Yep I bought baba 290c 11/27 so hopefully those work out
It’s a subtle hint to stop eating Arby’s
[removed]
ur wild, the vaccine news trumps any lock down
We’re you absent over the first wave? Dude they only go up. Lmao
If you watched batteryday, notice Elon suggests future EV design will make battery apart of the chassis. This will have huge impact on weight reduction, weight saving, and thermo management. Of course they will have to make sure battery range and charging cycle are drastically improved which is promised by Papa Elon. Changeable battery do have it’s advantages if swap station can be readily available, but it can have negative impact on a engineering stand point because you have one detachable component that is super heavy and create a lot of heat. 

Bullish on both companies in the long term.
No he is fine. He is currently at my house rn.
It’s fun ain’t it

BUY... o great -$300 already
How many?
Cringe
The rise of NIO is proof that we're topping.

Remember SPCE in February before the beautiful month of March.
Does my boy Elon has the 🦇flu?
[removed]
Double upvote
Rn
The NIO memes from today are hilarious as fuck! Gave me a good laugh.
NEE is the textbook example. Look at the all time on it
He single handedly created the Pfizer vaccine, that's impressive..  never seen  before stuff
And the ones you go all in for end up taking all your money.
What happened?
Horoscopes
Sick
No 25,000 minimum?!?
Glad I sold 50% of my VIX and UVXY 11/20 calls yesterday on Spike! That said, I am still down 40%
HTZ
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

YOU SERIOUS?
Congrats and fuck you for pulling in time
🙇‍♂️
just bought 15k worth of ual and 1k of aal, i also have 25 aal 11/20 14c and 10 ual 11/20 45c wish me luck, AND MM's COME N GET IT
You can still make a lot of money on NIO long term calls and leaps.
Your right. And it’s not considering how hard it is to let go on someone you care about. Don’t dwell, maybe tell them how you feel?
The Russell 2000 has obliterated it’s old time high from February. Fuk Covid, the crack epidemic is back. What a farce. Rock ‘n’ rock, piping hot. ♨️🚭Down with hope, up with dope. Unreal...
How is the reception to the new Call of Duty? Double down on ATVI or nah?
This is the right way. For the readers, remember to put aside tax for the dividend and the option gain. If you are ultra-wealthy, the tax can be substantial.
Bro.... we need gamestop to hit 20 so we can all be rich because bofa deez nuts fucked up
What’s the DIX/GEX saying?
Wtf I’m just writing an opinion biased by the fact that I’m balls deep in Tesla you auspicious genius
Jesus, how many of yall have balances under 5K? So many of yall talking bout ...  "I'm holding 10 shares or whatever of [insert cheap stock]" and shit lol.
Lol naw the rotation will continue, stock market don’t care about covid
all in nio calls monday open
How old are you?
Little Remy stepped on a fire ant hill today 🥺
gz nice gains

fml i bought calls / stock when this was $2.9 and havnt had gains anywhere close, damn.
And what DD was moving it upwards lol.
this  is acually a good idea .. you'll have a million by 2021
oh, that explains why so many stocks are pumps and dumps. Interesting theory
Only a matter of time till libtards migrate from the states they economically destroyed to red states and turn them blue, i.e., into turd world shit holes. They are viruses.
You for sure have halitosis
Was watching SOLO intently all week wondering if I should buy in, just not enough big ball energy generated for me. Now i am wondering if it is too late or if I should blackmail my uncle for the money to YOLO on it.
NVDA is hot but breaks my heart every time

TSM is my waifu
My puts would print... but at what cost! Nio was the one lol
When tf will Robinhood make its app iPad compatible? As in landscape mode
Bro. I like the one with the cat noting...🤣🤣
Bunch of bag holders In here 🤡
When am I going to just accept the fact that this isn't a triple-top and this market is just gonna keep melting up?
In Kenobis’ Kamino voice: “That’s why I’m here!”
Should I buy calls for next week for NIO???
SEC only investigates poors 😌
In for 3500 shares
Tight schedule there. 

How much do you have to use to make it back?
Seems like the kind of thing youd have a strong feeling about one way or the other 

It may not be for everyone I guess 

But I'd imagine theres some great asses in Orlando

I frequent this sub but don’t play options much but how come the times when I feel confident to call I get shitted on? What gives?!?!
I mean, I already missed the boat on NIO, but fuck these guys.  I hope it goes to $100 for all my fellow retards on here.   Put manipulators like Shitron out on their asses.
420
What does this even mean
this meme needs to be retired
"This is an embarrassment to our country. We were getting ready to win this election. Frankly, we did win this election...we did win this election"

Puts on alternative facts.
LUDA

LUDA

LUDA
DXYN is close to DXY I'm in
Citation or immolation
Truly? TDOC didn’t take that big of a hit. I view this as an opportunity
The more news i read the gayer 🌈🐻 i become
Wrong
My account (90% NIO calls) had a 30k swing today is still up 500% but down $10k on the day... you win some you lose some.
Solo burned me but I’m vicariously blaming Nio for that
nah I'm not a Karen
Fuck that guy. 

The report is like 2 pages long with giant ass pictures. Dudes a fucking cuck
Chinese and fraud. Name a more iconic duo
Probably. Also get out of Robinhood if you're on it, orders are not fast enough
"I bought NIO at $10"
sick bro
Market doesn’t care bro
Oregon too
Yeah, I would bought more too, but I didn't feel comfortable investing more than 2% of my portfolio in such a volatile stock
The sec is a joke.
Ban
Order books for level 2
The point is that doodoo lost me tendies.
358 take it or leave it
This hits home
That shit is the same price as ground waygu at my whole foods. Not even a decision there.
I feel like this makes the most sense since we have so many damm case
He said he made more on his other account.

If it is Kazakhstan he can also afford a wife.

Calls on kazakhstan
Exactly what a 🌈🐻would say. Stonks only go up retard
Wanna fuck?
why is it that when i ask for 5 arbys sauce packets i always get 4?!

really annoying when youre eating a double beef n cheddar and you dont have enough sauce
What makes you say that? VIX OpEx?
Is that UUP a glitch?
If there is any lockdown then you'll need to wait until January when Biden because the president.
Telehealth is over
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**EricsonGQMan33** , kminder in **2 days** on [**2020-11-15 20:47:22Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-15 20:47:22Z&reminder_id=8ee4c80b30b449b28a14344c46c12bf2&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020#3**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6t556/?context=3)

> kminder 2 days

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-15T20%3A47%3A22%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtf81v%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020%2Fgc6t556%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 3 reminders and maxed out 3 confirmation comments.

^(OP can )[^(**Update remind time, Delete reminder and comment, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-15 20:47:22Z&reminder_id=8ee4c80b30b449b28a14344c46c12bf2&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** We are lean and mean and stay in motion to serve people. If there is any change you want, contact us by email.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Sorry brah, I feel yah. Mac n cheese has a very poopy texture to it too, probably doesn’t help
*laughs in boomers face*
Yup up like 1,000 % is totally sustainable in less than a year lol
Sounds like you've earned it. Congratulations!
You must be doing well with this Yolo. King shit right here
I haven’t been here for weeks thank Christ the mods got rid of that spook ass banner
SIR, This is a casino.
You guys remember moviepass? I do
I submitted a tip to the SEC about Citron this morning, everyone should do the same
Uncle Joe and JPow are gonna set the printer to **LUDICROUS SPEED!** 💵💵💵
neopets, gaia, runescape. those were the good old days. what are people on now?
Lost a lot of $ today, still gonna treat myself to the Travis Scott meal cuz I deserve it
Tell em
I lack a gag reflex ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You would make a good living selling hot dogs because you sure know how to make a wiener stand
SPY 360 NO SCOPE
Watch VIX go up when Trump starts issuing pardons before he leaves
Ok you’ve provided more dd than NIO ever had. I think it’s gonna moon now
what calls you got?  you YOLO?
Got some straddle FDs for CCL before close. Had a feeling there would be vaccine pump before we shut this bitch down again. Thanks Orange man
Am I doing it right guys?

Got burnt in canabis last week and NIO today

[Robinhood ](https://imgur.com/gallery/Bk2hOOj)
New Mexico on lockdown but nobody care about that state
Holy shit that was amazing 😂😂
Just like a woman, the stocks that you don’t chase and really care about are the ones that are the most rewarding. The plays you chase, put on a pedestal, and think will be a multi-bagger never quite work out like you think.
Ya can’t rely on trading options my friend. Look at it as a hobby/game. Keep your head up, look into real estate, and work on a positive mindset!
;)
Screw you i have puts lol
Oh man lol. Not for a while i don't think.
😳
Nio static AH. That even shows that it could open at 35 on Monday. Rip
Fake and ga- whoa wrong sub.
Somewhat good vaccine news = stocks go down. 

You are a true veteran here, enjoy losing your money
At this point, I don't know if COVID ending is good or bad for our custom-made bubble.
So sir, how do you like your Cruise Stock cook? Is it Green or Deep Green?
Yolo
Unless you sell your kids for more FDs money
Bigly blood red Monday
Here is my source. 

https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/data/mortality
43.5c 11/20 🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽
I pray JBLU opens green or at least finishes Monday higher than the close today. Accidentally bought 200 $15 calls for 11/20 instead of 20, so uhhh my butthole is clenched
use webull and day trade as much as you want as long as you have the capital in webull
I NEED GAMESTOP TO HURRY THE FUCK UP. HIT  15$ FASTLY SO I CAN BUY A FUCKING PS5 MAN

(meanwhile im losing thousands of dollars to spy scalps, and tsla calls)
F
Imagine trading on cashapp
Solid DD
You’re an idiot
Turned my May 2021 NIO calls into vertical spreads selling the $70 strike. Using proceeds to buy shares. Fuck Citron Research.
Probably rage-recalled
Na it’s cool. Moving to dr Phillips area. Only an hour away from Tampa hard rock casino and strip clubs
When all that’s moving a company up is rumors. All it takes to move it down is rumors
You as well
Criton needs to be investigated lowkey
BEARS CONSIDER THIS A WARNING WE SMOKING ON THAT SPY 360 PACK MONDAY
Definitely the problem
Just like a woman, the stocks that you don’t chase and really care about are the ones that are the most rewarding because they come to you. The plays you chase, put on a pedestal, and think will be a multi-bagger never quite work out like you think.
Wtf happened to Amwell today?
I bet he’s a wsb person
NIO is awesome and NIO is too
Here’s the DD:  EVs.
It’s waiting for you to take your -15% profits
Bold of you to assume he invested in anything at all
God speed 🚀
I guess I need to be more realistic with my expectations and probably start investing in longterm plays rather than trying to find the next 10 bagger
educated in the arts of memeing ...
15k is enough to pay debt and downpayment on house? Where is it? Make believe nation of Kazakhstan?
NIO has been a fun one for me. Sold my January 20c at $46 for a 6 bagger, then got into January 50c when it dipped to $39 this week, then sold those for 200% at $52 today. Don’t think I’m touching it anymore as I don’t think I can time it any better than that again. Onto other plays! FSR, NIU, PLTR, PSTH my main plays that I rolled NIO money into.
Got my NCL $17p ready :)
Like Chris Rock says you can lose rich on a bad weekend with a coke habit but you can’t lose wealth.
I'm a retard.  Who cares.
F
27% intra day swing at one point
Well seeing as you posted as much DD as it took NIO to get there. I really don’t see why it cant
Post crayons
You guys think I lost all my money because I trade on an iPhone 7? The new one probably get me better prices
I do but I also really like Beyond. Yummy
Fair enough.  Best of luck.
That’s your DD?
What happens to TSLA if they pull a North Korean launch
You think it shoots back up on Tuesday when they release numbers, just like XPEV did?
Big GREEN.
So... Never - 100?
I’m not sure. Do I want to taste some ass?
Do better next time
Have a good weekend fellas. Signing off till Monday. Hoping it’s green for all of us.
[removed]
New Kodak black album is 🔥🔥🔥
I didn’t know joe Biden was on here.
Puts = donation to theta gang
Should wait until the inauguration.
Where the 13Fs at
Based on how SPY reacted to that news (flatter than my 9 y/o sister), I’m not too worried about my puts over the weekend.
Good, now you can eat real meat
How are u gna make the house payments??? Duh more calls
Spy gonna head to 345-350 Monday so many Covid cases eventually the markets have to realize it
COME TO OREGON. It’s pretty cool.
I just screenshot my account balance
lol glad i didnt hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Did you sell? I unfortunately bought calls at the top 😖
I don’t see travel ever recovering to what it was ever. This pandemic just proved that you don’t need to travel to meet a client or do business and everything can be done remotely. And with the advances Facebook just made with VR we’re not far away from VR in workplaces and used to communicate ideas.
[removed]
Most important thing is just to get started. Don't keep putting it off, and you'll probably figure it out.
She left him for a guy who made 2.3 billion when tesla went public. What a twist of the knife. Apparently she did hang herself in June though. So yeah kind of a dark story.
By December
Obi wan: "That's why I'm here".
I think anything pumps. More cases? More need for vaccine news!  More vaccine news? More hope for travel in the future!  No news from either? Throw a Stimulus headline out there.
Oh... you think it’s over... that’s so sad
You’re the idiot for asking this sub in the first place also congrats
Orlando sucks, you f****ing miserable penguin
I got a fucking message from Mods that it was a banned ticket.. which I'm sorry that's bullshit
https://thehill.com/homenews/state-watch/525922-states-reimpose-extensive-covid-19-restrictions

I bet this number grows to 7 states by EOD Monday.
Fake news
I guess it really is just is glorified gambling. In my mind when I make 50k, 100k, 500k I'll be good but I could definitely see myself losing it all
Nice. I thought today was a decent entry point. Got in at 44$ Let's see what happens 😬.
DXYN up almost 100% in a month - high end rug manufacturer. You know who buys high end rugs? Bougie people buying homes they can't afford at 0% interest - about to pop to $4 and print.
I lost all my money, fuck you
nice gainz.   


how did u know to yolo on solo
Median 2 family income is about 70k. Well, figure 1.6 million invested at a pretty safe rate of 5% a year gets you 80k a year to to live on. And you still gotta buy your own health insurance if you don't have a job that provides it. Which leaves at about or a little under 70k. 

Not too many of us ripping 1.6 mill in profits. Tell me how and I'll buy your book.
Idk man I truly believe one day I’ll make enough to never work again - it’ll probs just be a decade or two. Think longer, and be glad you invested when you were young a lot of people don’t start
Cruise stonks back on the menu.
Roses are red,
Violets are blue

NIO is dead,
So shut the fuck up about it.
Enjoy your freedom
I was born pretty, what happened to you?
Jim Cramer himself
Yeah except now the price is 44 smh. Smart baggies indeed. Hope it moons for you.
That is survivable. 

What's your time horizon to break even and how much do you have left. You can make it all back if you give yourself enough time. 

Look at NEE's all time chart. Taking out NEE 90c for 2022 will print daily but it will take time to hit.
Hey bebe, you want a new boyfriend?
You gonna taste some ass in Orlando?
Bro it’s a job and most big companies dgaf about their employees. If you don’t like it you can go somewhere else. If you have no other options then there’s nothing to complain about just be happy you have a job.
You write English too well for me to believe you have insider information in a Chinese company
SETH KLARMAN ADDS 400M POSITION IN $PSTH

https://twitter.com/yolocapitalmgmt/status/1327379184440778753?s=21
You should watch his speech again
Fuck all the Beyond Meat burgers are sold out at Whole Foods.
This sub is going to shit tho I agree
Sorry. That’s what I meant. Past the threshold (and therefore denied). But didn’t qualify probably would’ve been a better word choice 👍
[deleted]
Moderna vaccine news could make those itm
So uber eats redesigned their app and it looks the same?
I’m lazy ok I forgot the name🤣 but I meant the companies that got a boost due to vaccine news and haven’t plummeted yet(air Canada or royal Caribbean for example). Some have tho and I expect the rest to follow suit
Hurry up bitch, go to OBT and find a nice box
Yasss.
Remember you life can always change for the better with 1 option trade 

Unless you have kids then it’s already over for you
Is this viable with only around 10k? I appreciate the pointers though, I'm really just throwing darts right now
SQQQ
This did not age well
ROPE was looking pretty good for a while there thats for sure.
Yeah but $125k every year is enough for you to fuck around on options all day, and if you get lucky on some big baggers, you would double the 125k, and have even more money to fuck around on options all day.
Yes, lets see it
The best thing I’m about to do is put down my phone for the night...right after I post this! See you on Monday fellow retards
I got airline puts waiting for a lockdown....
Run up for earnings?
It's not that they denied a recount, the losing candidate (Trump) did not qualify for a recount because recounts only can be requested if the race is half a percentage point or less. Biden is almost 1 percent up in PA now.
ok it’s more like 200 million
[deleted]
True. Of course then it's all about strategy and risk management.
I WANT TO SMOKE CRACK OUTSIDE TOO!
Once you get on a roll though, then you gamble bigger and lose it all and you are back to day 1.  It is never enough.
But if you timed the top, that’s 5,000% gains retard.
Went from diamond hands to dimes in hand
but Bezos is still alive
I may also be completely wrong on this the documentation on their site explains it but I don't have a strong handle on it
🥭 called the top
I’m going to be in shambles, are you?
Tech bounce back. Covid aint over bitches.
Saw a lady wearing a mask in a car today. She was driving by herself 🤡 world
Which big tech stocks give u most consistent gainz
Why are you yelling
Citron the new Trump. Someone has to fuck people when they invest in 🇨🇳
What's your best pick up line for tinder??
Literally lmfao
Sometimes gotta take one for the team.
Fingers crossed. Shares here, no options.
Ah
Increasing GEX acts as the brakes on market movements. Increasing Dix indicates a more bullish sentiment (from what I understand)  


Increasing both means that people are becoming more bullish but the swings will be less
Lmao dix 🤣🤣🤣
I don’t get how he doesn’t get death threats. Or. Who am I kidding. He probably does.
Niche producer makes California's most popular car in 2020.
will XPEV ever get back to 50 guys i am baghding hard rn lol.. 50 shares bro’s
Your uncle is Dollar Bill
Real talk with me for a second retards, you guys understand stocks don’t actually “just go up” right. Like the company actually has to do something to be worth the valuation. Pls stop saying it should go up just because you hold shares. You’re making us look bad in front of the boomers
Man the chinese got wrecked today.
Grow up kid.
Probably true but that's still over the course of decades, I don't care about a million dollars when im 50
I think you are looking for /smallstreetbets sir. We usually are down 200$ upon purchase of contract
Stop what your trading

Now is a bad tine to be in options.

Wait until the winter is over.

Buy calls on the most financially stable and money making companies in america (top spy companies)

Wait for a weekly dip of any of these companies.
And when in a weekly red dip, buy when the weekly RSI hits 30.

Buy in the money calls with 3-6 month expirations. (I always buy 6months)

Sell at 10% profitability - no exceptions.

Do this over and over and over until rich.

Your welcome; good luck.
My major holdings literally allow me collect dividends and to sell calls weekly to fund my options addiction. Any gains on my big options trade, 50% goes back to buying more long term shit. This way I know how much I have coming in, and how much I'm willing to lose.
Maybe not I agree but it’s really not that insane is it?
If nio goes up 1$ monday ill eat his dick
DKNG to $60 by the 20th
I like how you used your mom's phone to text yourself and then changed her contact name Lindsay. Pro move.
Technical analysis on Tesla stock for week ending 11/14/2020.  Tesla traded within a tight range this week forming a wedge between the 50DMA and uptrend channel.  It will break out or break to the downside in the coming days.  Tesla has been consolidating between $405 and $450 for the past few months now and a big move is coming!  Bull case price target for next week is a breakout of the wedge at $418 then $450 resistance, then $460 and above to make its way back into uptrend channel.  Bear case price target is $405, then $385, and if it breaks that level $360.  

Tesla news this week includes: 

\-Tesla may face delays at Gigafactory Berlin over lack of permits 

\-Tesla is fighting a $14 million fine in Germany over its battery end-of-life policy 

\-Tesla is No. 1 most attractive company for engineering students 

watch full analysis: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdBfGaiXsIs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdBfGaiXsIs)
Oh yes. It was going up by 10-30% per days. A 6-7% pullback is normal.
im good man.
 Balls of steel!

I just watched nio fall after selling my calls
I don’t think oem battery is an issue since Tesla China also will be using the same supplier if I’m correct.
There you go, I like that strategy! I do think it will come back up, but us “autistic type” can’t see more than 6 feet in front of our faces, maybe it’s the coke glasses ;-)
Roses are red  
Violets are blue.....
China doing to Jack Ma what Trump did to Bezos
165 plug put fds I bought expiring Friday looking for that to follow thru on the EV bubble pop
SOMEBODY SUCK ME!!!
Should be big weeks for BA and MRNA
I’m going with MRNA and TBPMF
Fucking nice! I got in around the time of the post but I sold at like above 30ish. Should have loaded up more on calls
My iPhone 12 pro max and RTX 3090 were supposed to be delivered today and both have been updated as “missing”. Puts on FDX
Do us all a favor and get a bidet so you don't have to post these types of comments while I'm trying to eat my mac and cheese.
A paycheck that is a fraction of a fraction of the value you bring to the company.
I did the same thing. We can cry together.
Thanks bro have a great weekend
Not really golden, more of a Russian pee pee yellow.
These went from .01 up to 1.74 today
Already have 👍
Citron fucked me out of a extra $200 with their NIO bullshit.
Which means NIO
Me too... we’re not hitting 370 lmao
WMT is a guarantee
That guy at citron should be fed into a wood chipper feet first. Then turn off once you get to his knees. And leave it off
Orlando is going to be dope you little bitch
only if you sell
Some of them are, and some aren't.
TJX Earnings next week.   
Place is a mess, but I'm a Ralph Lauren whore that refuses to pay full price.   
It's how the upper middle class stay upper. **Learn something.**
You just don't feel it playing small.

-WSB
I really want to it's just tough when all you have is an idea. But I guess that's the hardest part of starting one, selling an idea
Monday green or green?
After he dressed up as nicki managa hes gone to far
some genius: WSB should all YOLO on one single call option

stonk goes up ten cents

WSB celebrates

stonk procedes to tank 5%
Godspeed
If it's on the front page, I guarantee you will not make money off it.
Wat dat mean
Shit my vix calls would be wild.
Balls deep in NIO shares, caught about 8 falling knives today. Hoping for a bounce back Monday
C
I have stonks. They don't expire retard!
lol holy shit this was the worst timing ive ever seen.
Wow I had no idea
C
LISTEN UP QUEERS. OREGON IS CLOSING DOWN ON WEDNESDAY. THIS IS HELLA GAY AND I HATE LIBTARDED STATES. THE GOVERNOR EVEN ASKED US TO WEAR MASKS IN OUR OWN HOMES...
[removed]
see all their advertisements is the pos three wheeled car.   the tofino is more of a concept, i have yet to see any actual product.  save ur 295 dollars
If one report has that much power to move a stonk... maybe the next age or quasi-age of man is informational warfare. Like I know it’s already a thing, but the more connected society becomes we are going to need to make information dissemination a godamn religion
P
Damn how do you know those details?
1/10

You don’t have NIO calls, I feel sorry for you
[deleted]
The market and all my fellow wsb autists buddies are going to give it to me. 

I'm only like, 5 all in YOLO calls starting from 1000 dollars, assuming a 1000% on each trade away from my 80mil. Easy. 

NIO 1000c 11/17  lets go
Best of luck
I appreciate that man, it can be hard sometimes
unless you're retarded you should still be up on nio lol
I honestly got in big with January 20c because of that post. Was trading at $21 at the time I think. Sold for 600%. Thanks buddy! Had been on my watch list since $3, but he pushed me into buying.
Autistics always try to claim society is greedy and money driven after they just lost a bet over their own greed and money ambitions.  Ironic isn’t it?
Well we didn't think about all that...
I’m going to post this DD here, made this last night and mod kept deleting it. Plz allow me op, no hard feelings.

First this is flaired as shitpost because you can think of me as a salty loser gay bear cuz I bought NIO at 4 and accidentally sold at 15(due to wrong limited order).

Now Tesla delivered 140k cars in q3, nio delivered 12k. Tesla has or soon will have five 100% independently owned factories and if my memory is correct four of them are gigafactories. The annual outputs from them are magnitudes ahead of Nio's only JAC owned facility. Tesla owns perhaps the world's most advanced battery IP, FSD IP(maybe MobileEye EyeQ5 is better, we will see next year, calls on Intel btw) and material science IP they can straight use from spacex( New alloys, material processing methods etc) . Nio uses third party batteries and Mobile Eye OEM self drive packages. It is not a bad thing but we are discussing about valuation here.(Plus in the end, you always save more money with Vertical Integration, not the kind Trevor Milton believes) NIO do have interchangeable batteries that's one huge advantage before Papa Elon crack the battery limit. That's my favorite IP from NIO. Business model wise, it seems they are doing the opposite, Tesla like to maximize profit while maintain decent quality, Nio seems emphasize on quality and luxury than making profit. They use to have an edge with cheaper production cost by being a chinese company, but that is gone. Soon made in chxxa model 3 will be all over Asia.

Oh and I almost forgot, Tesla has the single most valuable resource on earth right now, yep Papa Elon. Call him Tech giant, Cult leader, business magnet or whatever you want, this man alone can hold Tesla's "ridiculous" valuation for no reason or all the reason you can think of. So tell me why NIO is worth around 1/6th of tesla. If Tesla's valuation are a hot topic or were, NIO's case is even more extreme. If NIO hits 100 in the next 6 month as a lot of retards hoped which will push its MCAP to over 130B dollars you guys might as well apply for Chxxese citizenships.
He won’t officially “concede”. He’ll probably say he’s taking a temporary leave until 2024 when he reruns for the election.
GM is ahead of TSLA for that matter
Stimulus talks are so October. Come back in Jan with that shit.
Hey a price improvement! It's the small victories.
I made over 23K so far from NIO and XPEV, so it's not a big deal. Also I will be selling covered calls to autists here at 50 strike
Nigeria?
i am balls deep in wmt, fastly, and spce calls.

pray for a retard :)
why do you hate yourself
Something something something.. Learning from mistakes... Something something something... Make you better
I’m deep in puts one of us is going to be in shambles
Doesn’t this mean slow bullish sentiment?
Change your attitude, embrace your circumstances and dominate all aspects, family, career, options trading, be a good person, focus and work hard, it will all fall into place
NIO calls my man. It’s cheap today
When you get home from work, sit on the crapper and you can smell ur own ass stench
the calls are always right, you just got your timing wrong lol
Sir I only buy toyota corollas. And I go to bed at 9pm. And take a baby aspirin each day.
Bought some safety puts yesterday in case of this. Sold them in the morning when everything looked safe. I'm a moron.
No fukin way...As in, never. There is no going back. Free markets are dead, but FED-free market will disappear entirely. Go to zero.📉😱💀
A lot of people on this sub need a bit of what you have. You ask for fundamentals and they act like you just insulted their favorite anime character.
Start your own company. Not fucked yet unless you have kids.
New Lil Nas X song slaps
[removed]
Bought back in and learned my lesson, only lost house money sadly... fuckin FOMO
 [https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix](https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix)

* DIX:
   * 37.9% -> 39.9% -> 39.9% -> 44.9% -> 43.1%
* GEX:
   * 3.87B -> 2.87B -> 5.99B -> 4.70B -> 6.03B
Declare bankruptcy, I must
Moving to Orlando in three days you cunts
Nice. I bought ATM NIO jan calls at $28 and sold most at $35 and $40, thinking it would top out at $40 for awhile. Nope. Just got 20% left now and probably holding them to expiration to exercise. NIO 10x from here within 5 years would not surprise me, gotta own some of this bad boy.
The only thing I hate about target is their grocery selection is awful. Nothing is ever in stock.
Did Troomp specify the companies that he wants delisted or whatever in the "Spanky-spank lil Chinese ass" executive order?
How are you ever going to buy a Bugatti with that lame mindset
They not wrong
ZNGA back to $8.50-9 this week?
mooon pies for the highs!
I had a 17c expire today. I am a mather but I did the wrong numbers 🤓
In shambles, I am
if SPY is red on monday I'm done for, I am so deep in $370 11/18 calls
its a $600 stock that's on a massive discount
Inverse Citron and hold at least 6 months, usually a multi-bagger 😂 roku,shop,pton
a company that doesnt give a shit about you ? who tf cares man its just a paycheck.
Worsening coronavirus cases = PUMPS

Vaccine development news = DUMPS

Did I get it right?
Rate my positions : 5 mgm 12/18 25p, 5 spy 355p 11/18, 2 MS 55p 1/21/21
PA denied recount and GA confirmed Biden winning? On top of that, Trump said nothing about the election fraud?

Clean energy, EV, Chinese stocks mooning boys.
This is the way
Brah they sell like 3000 cars a month, on a good month. With the market cap of Ford.
You can look into starting your own business. If you have a speciality and know alot about your sector, you can find opportunities.
[removed]
Lol remember the post where the guy said NIO would hit 50 by like Christmas or January or he would eat his own dick. Guess his dick is safe
TGT with the target increase to 175 🥰🥰🥰
Probably because you use a line chart instead of candles like a normal person
We get pump til next Tuesday
funny thing is, most people will end up wealthy enough investing like boomers compared to the 5 traders here that are actually green all time
like how up is red and down is green wtf
Price=/value.

Some dumbass overpaid in a single transaction. It really means nothing except the seller got insanely lucky?
[deleted]
Tell yourself that the market is in shit condition and then you can be at peace. Deleting any finance apps helps a ton.
cut your losses and if your in debt focus on getting out of it through work, not trading
Real talk, is AMD gunna hit 82 on Monday?
Guys please respect my wishes and only refer to me by my street name little dickie
Stronger man than I. I’m out of all my long dated spreads and just playing week to week now till we see how stuff shakes out the next month
Way fucking low - I loaded up today on dec $280 calls
This just in: covid is bad. Oh you knew that? I’m sorry shorts, you bought the news.

Everyone is like “omg lockdowns again!” as if that’s much different than what we’re doing now... 50% capacity, no sports, no big weddings, no concerts...

Covid IS PRICED IN

Please stop buying weekly puts and trying to time the top. You will be wrong. We are headed to all time highs. Long dated as a hedge, sure. You will WRECK YOUR PORTFOLIO IF YOU TRY TO TIME THE TOP.
I think its still got a space to move up. To 8 or 9 bucks
Bro.... SHE... she.
Healthy, definitely healthy
bought some DAL calls and they went up 80% 5 mins from close for no reason, wish I would have noticed, would have cashed out for sure
What word?
Ur mom sent me a picture of you:

🤡
Max you can have is 2.3 billion in the bank
So the DD for NIO has regressed to Twitter comments, ok
about $3.50
The peleton bike is stored in the bathtub
Confirmation on what?
You laugh but I watched in person as spy jumped $10 on vaccine news premarket at the buttcrack of dawn
FDA approval moves it to 42+ IMO
How are they cheap? Dec 20 IV is 100%. LEAPS at 90%.
People who buy NIO at $50 when everyone had already indicated that is when they will take profit.
waymo is geo fenced and is using expensive tech to see it’s surrounding. if and when tesla figures out the software to fsd waymo will be a pointless company.
🎯
Is it just me or baba a little low?
These are gonna print fucking beautifully next week. FULL SEND GAY BEAR
retard posts get the retard warning
Nyc landlords be like 3 months free!!!!!!


Everyone else: nah bro.
hell yeah

any money not going to hookers/blow goes to palantir
Lolllll
12
This was my best week since August, thank u WSB 🙏
Oh yeah I forgot. How silly of me! Let me just pull this 25k from behind my ear. /s
Thanks for the sarcasm. I appreciate it.
Problems with living in Alaska, woke up after the giant spike, I used to wake up for market open but I've decided over time it's just not worth it. Still was in time to sell my 0dte calls at a nice profit, but then I was dumb and bought some more for next week right before the massive dump.
Only ride Americans are ever gonna take from nio
But how did he crack the case so quickly?
Ty. For the lack of near term catalyst , just selling some weekly options both ways .. until the next big one
[removed]
Nad Jones is related to Jow Dones, I am sure of it.
People who expect triple baggers on options
The idea of living the rest of my life slaving away for a salary to make money for a company who doesn't give a shit about me sickens me to my core.

I trade options because it's the one glimmer of hope I have to maybe have some kind of financial freedom while I'm still young, maybe one of these plays will be the one that sets me free. 

But deep down I know it's unlikely, I'm not skilled or lucky enough and even on the days where I make money I feel nothing because it's not enough. It's not enough to quit my job, it's not enough to pay off my student loans. 

I'll be stuck in the rat race for the rest of my life, every day is more depressing than the last when there's nothing to look forward to. 

I'm so happy for everyone who makes life changing money in the market, you did it against all odds and I hope it makes a difference.
NIO PUMP
PFE to 40 in the next month? I need my calls to print harder.
How are your commissions higher than the account value?
Same boat homie, SPY 365 praying for that weekend gap up round 2
Why do u keep repeating this maybe tryna feel safer and pump ur calls?
Yeah but I like to yolo options
I flipped a coin just now. Calls it is .
step 1: don't use yoohoo to look up stonks
41% chance of backruptcy. they aint taking me to the grave i tell you what
Ok im saving this comment. Ill come back in a year and see if you bought one
It probably would’ve closed at 60 if it wasn’t for that short report, tbh.
What's betting lines when Trump will concede? Never, before election certified, after certification?
i just want to be happy
Spy call 360 for March 2021 

Cringe/aids/autismo NIO 60c’s for two weeks out 

I’ll be okay but man I made some retarded plays today
Oink oink motherfucker
Andrew Left
Yeah if you're gonna bet on a 5% drop in a week might as well at least do a debit spread lol
[removed]
More covid means lower interest rates for longer. This market runs on Powell's printer, not fundamentals. Mad bullish.
#shambles
Same shit every time Dow up.
AFAIK it’s only ever been quarterly divs and I don’t see that changing any time soon.
You’re a fucking retard. It wasn’t just a single letter, it’s the word you were completing you inbred fuck
NIO is in the biggest EV market, china makes up 50% of EV sales
> The top of the day is the only top I care about.

A sentence ripped straight from someone's Grindr profile.
So did snap and look what happened there.
Did he or did he not get rid of the red tape that made it possible to create and pass a vaccine that would have other wise took 4-12years YES or NO.  don't answer that. We all know he did.  Facts you don't have to like the dude but give credit where its due soy
Sometimes I’m mad that options close at 4, but my net worth not fluctuating after hours is kinda good lol
Even when I should have worried about money, I never did. I just lived and kept my eyes on my goals. Probably harder these days with social media and how “I want everything now” society has become. 

Every day I busted my ass till slowly my accounts went from red to black to way in the black. I had a modest studio apartment, didn’t have tv, didn’t go on vacation unless I drove with people and stayed in holiday inns, drank and ate at bars with specials and happy hours and just made the best of everything. I wasn’t jealous of others I was laser focused on working my ass off to become rich. I never wasted a penny. (Except my gambling issues but it was money I could afford to lose haha)

Now I don’t have to worry about money, i have my safe accounts for my future, I just play options and risky stocks for fun and to satisfy my gambling issues and when I win I spoil Becky with a remodeled bathroom or something that she wants but still adds value for us. Bought myself a wrangler too cause hey, mans got to drive.
Yesss all in.
Ex* also she screwed him over in child support and spousal support
Great minds think alike https://imgur.com/a/1GOOG1X
GE WBA 💕
Keep doing what you’re doing because you’re doing it right!
April “Soon”
[deleted]
I don’t see it going down bigly. Then again, I didn’t expect 41 today either. Shit is frothy no lie.
Gave away a lot more than that. Sorry for your loss bro.
Aim your tears over my steak we’re out of salt
I guess the housing caused it to tank all the way down to almost nothing. If i wasn't in college and broke at that time that would have been a buy along with tesla for me
ATVI is over 90% institutionally owned. It will never ever ever run hard. It just slowly climbs up. An absolutely outstanding company to own long term. Pointless to trade shares or options on.
Earnings will PUMP
Today morning I did the absolute moronic thing to buy LI stock at 40 dollars, now am down 25% 😂😂😂😂😭 BTW fuck citron research
My 365 spy calls agree with this
 mods cant even pin this thread
Set my sell order on solo for $8 or will it go past?
Same
https://electrameccanica.com/tofino/
Yeah I know. I’m an idiot.
NYC apartment tours be like - this space between the fridge and the front door is where I do exercise, then over in this corner is my office it’s also where I spend most my time
Actually me today
But, hype gone, it missed earnings as well. IV is gone so that's a bonus. I just don't see it long, maybe shorting it would be better.
Stop trying to play shipping companies you autists
Been waiting for tesla-lite to tank for a while now
I’d it’s cheaper than Tesla, yeah. I would actually.
show me your cock and prove it
🅱️a🅱️a u ok meng?
Historically doesn't SP500 return closer to 7%? And assuming 2% inflation effective would be 5%.
I don't, but only because I do not have the capital right now (I am poor). Post graduation though I plan to. I have a pretty decent personal risk tolerance, trying to take the time now to really learn.
as long as both happen on monday im good
What’s the conversion rate of pasos to Schrute bucks?
[removed]
After I saw citron was what caused the drop I started loadin up calls lol
Wisconsin is in gyna??
[deleted]
Homo
Have you considered having $2k?
I see. They will recover. Today seems like a coordinated short attack on EV stocks.
370 😂😂😂
Stop hurting my calls.
You mean the Republic of China?
That dude on the left missing his ring finger? It doesn't look like he's bending it behind his hand.
What are some of your favorite miners? Or are you of the opinion that there will be a positive affect for the overall industry?
NIO 60 by 11/20
Should’ve done 0dte 350p, your limiting your gains
Spy to 360 before 340. Thats what my crayons say
love seeing all these trash stocks mooning, next week just wait for confirmation and load puts
ban
talk shit, get hit

📉💣📉
Why does the market listen to analysts when they say companies are going to go up.
You're not wrong lol
if you have 2.5 million for options you likely don't give a fuck about the 2.5 million either way (or at least carry the same risk all us retards do). i doubt that's his retirement hahah
[deleted]
I had no idea there was an actual cutoff I just assumed it was like greater than 100 million
I’m kinda already a little bit arrogant so in my case they don’t say anything because people tend to bet against you if you’re cocky. So I just smile and wave and they brew in silence
[deleted]
Lol yo. Metoo
Check the ETF’s bro I think we will go down after spy hits 370 on Monday from the Moderna vaccine news
We'll rename it East Tendies Blvd. Housing costs will be rectified via an aggressive tiny house and conex-box house program. We will fund everything via SOLO calls and GE leaps.
WSB is a drug, so still high.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s a fair comment
Always inverse WSB. Seeing how much hate I’m seeing for NIO, I’m guessing 🚀🚀 next Monday.
The owners probably want the 20% for cheap
have you seen the SOLO ugly ass car.  People rather get the GM pos in china.   MRSP for the SOLO is way too high like 18k
are my ddog calls going to moon?
How generous of you, let me know where the line ends of people wanting to give you 80mil
Didn't get to sell my puts before close because of a work emergency, hope the world ends this weekend :) especially in the XPEV factories
Only 3%-5% would be a blessing, it's like J&J paying $1M for giving everyone cancer. Oopsie doopsie!
Obly thing i ask for if it dumps is vix to 40s
> Rule Violation: Warning for Promoting Hate

> We’ve been alerted that you’ve violated Reddit’s rule against promoting hate in the following content.

> Link to reported content: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/comment/gc0cz8v

Really, guys? [A single letter](https://imgur.com/a/VykoJlu)?
What?
I bought KNDI 8c 6/18/21
can everybody chill about BABA my calls are starting to feel nervous af
Not in the US.
For stocks, I usually place market orders if it's a highly liquid stock/bid as spread is very small. 

Selling is always with limit order.
[deleted]
Give me a damn heart attack
Dawg you really lotto’d into these gains. It was going fine until citron released their baseless report.
Buddy...I’m so sorry
hold till tuesday babyyyyy
Not a bad day, friend talked me into buying some Li calls late yesterday, sold them right at open and made 4k.  Sold DKNG calls and puts monday, closed today between the two so no wories there. 

 Getting assigned on my MGM covered calls I sold, but it only sold 40 cents above my strike and I sold the call for 75 cents.  Probably sell puts and run the wheel on it.  

Didnt make a killing but feels good to have a winning week.
[deleted]
This is where WSB has gone to shit. It used to be about the tendies, but now it's all this gay shit like bear gang, or bull gang or NIO gang. Bruh post your gains or your losses or shut the fuck up. Like damn which side you're associated with is more important that bigly gains or bigly losses
Fuck the dip
*testie
Citron says Tesla will be worth $100. Post split Tesla was right around $100. How were they wrong retard
Around 10k.
I managed to lose money on my cisco FD today. Made it up in march calls and nio puts but shit
Hahaha bruh
Avoid them. Don’t need negative baggage
My 1K is in $NIO $54/$57 calls at the moment
[deleted]
I love you WSB.
I would be out here getting high or fucking around but now my whole perspective changed In how I see everything and I will either go
Bankrupt or die a millionaire 🤑
Don't worry its up again lol. Was down -18$ then up again and then down -14$ and now back up.
I moved in November of last year, much bigger place. I ended up spending the money I'd normally dump into the market on fitting out the house, and yeah man that shit is WAAAAAY more expensive than imagined. 

Afterwards though when COVID hit I said to myself "hell yeah, I ended up spending money on actual stuff that I can use rather than buying right at the top before the world's economy collapsed."

Now the market is acting like COVID never happened, and I'm stuck with a stupid fucking couch instead of ZM leaps.
Just put in $25,000.    It’s easy.
Weeklies by their very name are only relased weeks in advance you retard.
Gotta become that retarded psychopathic type... it's a good life, normies fear you
Sure but if we don't get it, we'll have a "markets rise in hope" type situation.

Also these contracts are 13.5 theta. You're gonna lose like 2k if we just open flat, not even including any delta working against you.
🥭 looking more like 👻🥭 today
How can I see how much people are buying and selling like in the pic? Is it a program or a broker has this as a tool? Apologies if this is a dumb question. Only been trading for 2 months.
Thx. Pre or ah?
Just jack off a lot 
And fine another hobby
Pence? Dat you?
Eventually I want to build enough capital to just buy stocks and write covered calls against them with the occasional option play here and there but consistent money enough to not work
Who the fuck is Marshall?
Try turning those 8 hours into 5 minutes, you might even find a new hobby doing it :)
Yahoo keeps showing it in wild ranges from 240 to 260
Comments like these are why I follow r/wallstreetbets
Market is going up on positive rumors but ignoring negative facts. We're still overvalued imo given the state of the world even with a moderna vaccine that wouldn't be available until 2021
I want them to inject into my dick
its a glich, lets chill ok, baba is gonna be ok, Ma will suck Xi's pp real quick and problem solved
Congrats for giving away 15k come Monday...  maybe long term you will be okay, let’s hope.
the bronco....
For sure
Just for a second

Just to see how it feels
I bought ZM...will it dump more???
Baboon ass red
Read that in Biden's voice.
vaccine soon
Son, we’re closed, come back in the morning
Because it’s peaking lol
I’m tempted to sell call spreads except these guys are so sure it’ll crash...
Listen kid at the end of the day. You’re the retard and I’m the man. You can’t change that
I don't see it moving.
No, he waited until the news stations started calling it to declare victory. Trump literally said he won on the night of the election.
The Pfizer CEO has every right to sell his shares following the spike in share price.  Smart move as it hit a multi-year high.

The vaccine has already been tested on over 45,000 people with no negative effects reported.  According to Dr. Fauci, Pfizer's vaccine will be available to certain groups of people before the end of the year (2020).   Pfizer has projected having 50 million doses — enough for 25 million people — by the end of the year, and 1.3 billion doses in 2021.  

Source:  [https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2020/11/09/covid-vaccine-in-december/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2020/11/09/covid-vaccine-in-december/) 

Puts on airlines and cruise companies that haven't gone down yet?  WTF?  Where have you been the last nine months?  AAL is sitting at $12 (down from a 52wk high of $31).  CCL is sitting at $16 (down from a 52wk high of $52)  Go ahead and short airlines and cruise companies further, but you had better be ready to close that trade quickly because I'm not sure there is much downside left at this point.  Biden closing them down for 4 more weeks would be like pissing in the ocean it won't matter much.  There is an enormous pent-up demand for travel and if the vaccine is available to all Americans by spring/summer break, the airlines and cruise companies will be recovering quickly.  

Lastly, nice DD, you fucking pleb.  The fucking company you were whining about is Pfizer.  The ticker is PFE.  Goddamn this sub is going to hell.
I mean just ride the fucking wave is what I mean, people were saying this was too high at $20 and if you had the balls you rode that shit up to now and even further. NIO 50c 11/20
Idk I’ve never seen one
That's what CEO's of startup companies look like these days.

Totally smart for covering his furniture in plastic; retains resale value.  Clearly an experienced trader - all of his screenshots have a fully charged battery.
SOLO is NIO for retards. Calls it is
Head and shoulders bear?
He’s done. He didn’t plan pre elec tion. Left is ready to counter his lawsuits
I sold today for a nice 30% gain but I’m wishing I would have held now seeing AH
nice
[deleted]
This sub has damaged so many good people
I was wondering the same thing today! isnt he like a freak ginger?
I have both and sold the top and bought the dip. I couldn't have been more retardedly lucky
Ford officially unveiled the electric transit van yesterday. Aka the majority share of the USPS contract will probably go to them
Right? I was really rooting for it there at the end
Definitely dumping next week.
Very cool very bullish
Likely with the presser saying vaccine by eoy.
Damn it Baba. Why u no go up
Maybe but thats the drug that will print, not the first, the easiest to distribute
[removed]
Who knows, boomer's pride maybe.
Fuck em
Bigly below 50%
💯
It’s coming
yea LU is the shit
[removed]
watchu talkin about?
SPY 11/16 364C.  Cuz why the fuck not.
Lmao.... you know that means it just makes it goes up.
I have not achieve retard strenght yet. I actually bought stocks.
Not sure, looked at AAL chart and saw the earliest day was 2013 but figured it had to be around longer than that so just did a quick Google search and read about AAMRQ which was the parent company of American Airlines at the time.
Oh yeah that’s been an option for a while. What they just released is the app will now automatically change depending on your system light/dark instead of manual toggling
Holy shit, I didn't know the world's greatest detective, J.B. Fletcher, was on this sub.
you are the problem
Just buy off ebay since you already have $1k, save your time so you can spend it here trading with the rest of us.
Yes definitely buy that nio dip
Lose it all and don't tell anyone
It keeps happening
Whole foods.
CCL leaps
I step out of the shower and my daydream ends.
Good luck!
Defeated. Lots of bearish sentiment and fucking HUGE breadth in buying this week just really tough to call for a significant drop.

But- I will say there is also a lot of bullish sentiment out there about the vaccine, fewer aggressive shorts and a very popular narrative about seasonality being extremely bullish which could be interpreted as a contrarian signal. Overall short term trend is clearly up but I have my doubts about how long small caps can run given historical valuations and even if they do, whether large cap tech can remain as stretched and crowded as it is.

TL;DR I haven’t a fucking clue
Plz
随机
...that doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about airplanes to argue it.
Wanted to buy calls then immediately inversed myself because I’m a fucking retard that never picks right so bought spy puts. 

You guys are welcome for the Green Day I’m delivering you.
January 2022 isn’t a lotto ticket...
They still tested the vaccine on 44,000 people, it’s not like they skipped all of the testing and just fast tracked it through
West coast COVID cases and regulations not looking super bullish.
Cumo screwed himself
[deleted]
Wtf is going on with baba right now?
I sneak popcorn and soda in.
I got no problem with masks and everything is open around here
Am I the only one who thinks "donkey kong" everytime I see the ticker?
I've done well enough for myself and have enough cash to play with that a 5k gamble on amc wouldn't hurt me at all if I lost it all.
My portfolio wouldnt even notice a $5k loss.

I made 14k today day trading.
Made $76k last week.
Up over $300k in the last 4 months.

Down 55k overall on my long holds; but that's the nature of this business.

No big deal at all.
Hey man think about it the less co workers there are the less competition for promotion or pay raises and with less people on the payroll they might be inclined.
Is that really going to happen though?
sorry lmao i replied to the wrong comment. got a different reply about climate change. just change whatever i said to apply to you and my point still stands
Next time try to lose money so I can be entertained by the loss, thanks
[deleted]
It’s more than enough to live on though. You can pursue a side project you’ve always dreamed of doing or do another job to bring in some extra income.
So far my trading strategy has been to lose $500 and then make it back by the end of the week.
It just needs to be hyped. No fundamentals nor financials needed.
Yeah thats nonsense.
I know NIO is. But are XPEV/LI also worth more than Ford?
>Moderna insider trading seems like they have the inside scoop on their vaccine progress we could see a repeat of Monday

We'll see I don't plan on staying in these positions until expiry. Will likely get out of them early on Monday if it goes my way
Lol yup, I really over leveraged calls and started second guessing so I bought a bunch of way OTM puts in case it drops heavy. Like you said, definitely not staying flat but no idea which way it’s going to shoot
you can never change what people say to you , only the way you let it affect you.
Doesn't take much to be up 7 percent when your stock is worth a penny
Earnings Mon. 11/30
 随机
Did you really need to give yourself that pep talk?
I sold the puts my guy, not buy
Having to buy all of the furniture and things to fill out a place is more expensive than I hoped it would be.  
But then again I'm risking thousands of dollars on options on the daily so wtf
>It’s not garbage but purchased from oem suppliers

That really gives me the feeling that their cars are going to have extensive battery problems due to inconsistent third-party manufacturing and that they are going to burn through batteries quickly. Also thinking that there could be consumer issues in that people will get good batteries switched out for bad ones and they won't know until they get stranded somewhere or something starts on fire. No one will want to claim responsibility
hahaha same :(
By winning next week
Webull shows is only down .1 ah
Yeah that's what I was thinking too. Moderna maybe?
Nice line chart bro. And wtf is that indicator really telling you?
sam's club
Do you trade shares on margin? I feel like intraday trading of shares is a better way to do it than using options, but 100 spy shares would be most or all of my margin
I’m slightly over 10% invested in a red day so it’ll be green
I am up 40 bucks, cant complain on a free 8th while i spend 8 hours of my day frantically looking up stocks and prices and news....hmm maybe i should find a different hobby
Welcome to EUA.....
Unbelievably false. First of all. You think it goes... UP because retards are in it? Second of all. It cuts to much closer to XPEV’s market cap. I give it $35.
Vaccine news from 🥭
Juat sell more popcorn AMC..... whats wrong?
Sorry to hear that brother! We're all gamblers here and we win some and lose some; ultimately though it's just money and not worth doing anything permanent over a temporary situation.

Take note of what specific mistakes you made and you'll be fine in the grand scheme of things.
Remember when I flipped a coin and I was right???!!???
pretty hard to do when theyre worth more than Ford
Oh, didn't know that.

I primarily meant since summer. The balance sheets at that time pointed to NCLH as having more cash on hand at the beginning of the pandemic and through it, which could be interpreted as being more fiscally responsible. At minimum, if all three took the same amount out in loans (obviously a hypothetical) it would nean NCLH would last the longest. So, I went with who I figured would be more likely to survive long term
Puts on your intelligence
I ain’t getting that shit at least 6 months after it’s out
Moderna and that vax one
Dont you think they would have announced something at this emergency presser if it was coming out? At least hint at it "Next week we will announce a moderna vaccine". The presser was so lame and revealed no new info we didn't know on Tuesday
NCLH $25 Monday.
After $NIO makes me cash out 1K what stores will have the PS5 in stock on Wednesday?
Robinhood investors cant move the markets bloomberg you twat
Jack Ma and Xi are kinda at war
Dude, look at who's next to release a vaccine that doesn't need to be stored at negative 70
Hopped in MFA in the 30 cent area. Made me lots of dough
Based on his Twitter handle I’m assuming it’s not a real person
Would anyone buy a product from nio? Lets be real
Expiring next week? Wasted money. Sell before earnings.
Woogle
You know them boomers gonna invest on Monday, because of what trump said.
Calls on this guy’s dick
Why the fuck is AMC up 7% AH?
[deleted]
Good bot, saved me having to look up what “clapping” was.
Why?
in addition to my below comment, it is sad you still believe this clown...the same guy that said the virus would be gone by April...
🆘
LMAOOOOO
stop trading for a while and definitely stop trying to chase losses. Only play with what you're willing to lose 100% of.
[deleted]
Baba is showing down 5% on yahoo but not marketwatch?
It’s a glitch
This is the play
Moderna insider trading seems like they have the inside scoop on their vaccine progress we could see a repeat of Monday
News flash, the US is fucking huge, and public transportation isn’t the end all solution; maybe in Europoor, but not here.
Nope, either left or right in control, they want stonks to go up cuz big corps gives money
youre fucked
I have it on iOS, they never really update the release notes. Light or dark option has been available in setting for almost 2 years now...
Like that's going to be allowed...
Shit looks like I’m in good poot company 🤣
[deleted]
If you could’ve lost only .02 more
“People’s President”
NIO puts it is than
Forgot to mention Im talking about NIO
Dont invest what you can’t afford to lose
By Monday preferable lol
I plan on selling prior
Me!
it's the godamn "legit" media that keeps pumping this guy as 'famed short selling' blah blah blah so the sheep retailers follow.. he gets a day or a few days of impact, gets his tendies, then moves on
oh wtf was that glitch scared the living shit out of me
One of us.
uh i think my BABA calls are in trouble

edit: what the fuck is going on AH

edit 2: glitch
Well today was a good day. Didn't even need nio to make tendies
Something you do at night when your wife's boyfriend isn't home
A lot of so called wisdom being thrown around. "Nio fall from grace was guaranteed, told you."

This type of shit is not clever or original. You're just being CONvientent. And it's laughable these are the same people who likely criticized Tesla's epic run. These people have no imagination, lack gut/intuition amongst other boring tidbits in their lives.

We are in Nio for the home run and many have hit multiple grand slams. The game just started 

Lastly, have some balls. Scared money don't make money.
yeah. 8% dip.....huge selloff...
tbh need more volume on this stock bc i can’t sell my calls
[removed]
Literally all lines point for a huge drop Monday Covid cases no stimulus it’s just a matter of time till we drop 3-5%
r/investing is fucking hilarious
Yea 7 out of 8 days have also been green. We're triple topped right now and it's going to go one way or the other. Just hoping I picked the right direction
Best laid plans, something something...

Too late
Cuz they probably will just buy out XPEV or LI
Li is just going to die slowly in AH huh?
Because KR has good delta and it's been moving a lot
Ya I'm a tad bit retarded
192 proof
Ford will own the EV game. TSLA is a “***technology***” company and NIO is new
Ford did with some garbage SUV with the Mustang name. Didn't do shit for them
It’s the opposite of what wsb wants.
[deleted]
Slightly above 50%
I sold my 15c but my 16 expired worthless....
Nad Jones-Mulligan called, he couldn’t protect your wife from getting drilled by two of her ex-bfs.
I heard market closed tm
Hope it was a good one! Yeah. I’m about to take break till Xmas for a contract I just picked up. 
Hopefully starts next week. 

Good luck getting back in. Market is as insane as ever.
I was about to book my Ferrari 812 super fast with v12 engine.. what was yesterday. Today I realized i will eat beans... life is not good
Gonna be feeing real dumb when we open at 49 monday
Don’t be a whiny snowflake bitch.  If you can’t see the world objectively you’re part of the problem.
Ford is. They're coming out with an electric mustang
rest in peace
Why are you bullshitting here? XPEV 52 weeks high is $51.27. Where did you pay $53?
Vaccine news from mrna next week hopefully makes it fall off a cliff
[deleted]
The only thing fuller than my loss porn erection is your taskbar
see you in the next kamikaze cash yt video
Moderna data is on the horizon. Honestly unless it comes out, we're gonna rise til we realize it's not as good as intended. Buy the rumor shit, same as PFE.

On top of that, gay crayon shit points to a breakout that could get us to near 3700 in the next few weeks. 

Lockdowns don't really matter atm.
I hear their legal......
[deleted]
Pretty much. 🥭 rewards ass kissing.
and if they go bankrupt? i am keeping away because of that debt bubble and lack of theater appointments (you can rent out a theater showcase up to 20 people?)
Should I buy some Pfizer? Or BionTech?
This s d way bro
It’s the green
call my man
Dude... the voters decided already
Im young and lucky but not rich. I keep about 1k around just fuck with. The rest, which isnt all that much goes to very safe places
[deleted]
“At market” 

Y would u do this
fuck it double down cuz i'm retarded
You bought the dip tho right??
people don't even want to put masks on

who the fuck would be taking the injections if they came out with a vaccine tomorrow?
[deleted]
Is it time to buy BILZF?
They’ve actually had a buy rating on NIO for the last 2 years. It’s only after it’s run up 3000% that they think it’s going to go down. Go figure!
The next smart move would be to put that 1200 into shares of NIO then have 5k next year
Nobody tell him
yea good call. I'm all in or all out at this point even a flat day would crush the value of mine
Fair haha, I was up quite a bit today on NIO Put and got blown out by a herd rally of "Buy the dip!"
Run from here! Gratz man
🤷‍♂️no clue just know that if we don't open red monday ima have to delete RH 😂
[deleted]
Money
Wrong company,  Shitron is French car maker.
Yahoo lies
You sold me. I'm all in.
Why do they put 'Naive' like that? To make us feel more stupid >:(
They can easily raise cash retard. CCL just raised $1.5 billion

In this 0% interest, money is cheap for big corps
slightly under 50%
Cuz he retired early.
[deleted]
Iv is a little high and will likely continue the post earnings drop.  I bought leaps 1/21/22
Monday we find out a new vaccine is called “maga...” and is mandatory for “Biden voters” in first round. Not suss at all they’ll say
JIIIIIIINNNAAA
Those were funny. This is just hard to look at. (Not that Im the king of comedy 😂)
classic centrist move, denying climate change

this is high level r/enlightenedcentrism  shit
Like a lead zeppelin...
New vaccine news... why would it ?
3 days is a long time with 150k new cases a day and rising
Yuge. Buy the most beautiful, like nothing you've ever seen before, house.
You’re implying that a known short seller is profiting off going short.....smooth brain realization
Yes always . 375 break even not too bad imo
I’m still up 25k on my nio options but I was up 40k this morning!!!!
Maybe that's why. I just looked up the max chart on google for aal. So that symbol was a different airline until the merger?
Fuck it I’ll take it. I wanna go back to living my life normally
Lol. So true.
Bro do you even Wendy’s?
Realistic answer yea it’s going to skyrocket during earnings and then week by week it will go up about 5% a week on average over time and boost on earnings
ZM going vroom next week
Was waiting for a KCAC post. Sold my calls today for +400%. Shoulda bought more
Very true. I should also add I only look at short term (month or less) moves in this climate since it’s so volatile. Every little news rumor moves a stock. This week was value, next week’s hype will be tech “amidst COVID concerns” lol
# I hope you motherfuckers are ready for some PODRACING next week
About to form the shoulder and arm of yet another bigger upside down Batman
Bought at 53 brother



My average is 42 tho
More than likely no. The risk reward tradeoffs for these weeklies people buy aren't much good.
20k
Could very well be. Good luck bro. Perhaps I missed my opportunity to jump in.
it will print monday
bro wtf happened to BABA
Potential loss if it goes titsup.
Maybe a dumb question but why doesn't Ford or Toyota announce that they are in the making of EV they are capable of considering  how much capital they have? They would get the same bs pump...
Pray lockdowns and cases increase over weekend
Any chance we open red on Mondee?
Also I bought 5 seconds before the bell so this is the price right at the end of the day at an ATH
[deleted]
Y'all are really in here complaining that politicians are acting like politicians. Shut the fuck up and buy PLTR leaps
I mean, if you have 250 to 1000k, ETFs will probably provide you with enough money to live comfortably. If you only have a few thousand and are trying to get rich, than fuck it, NIOc 100 06/2021.
2 weeks ago started yolo account with 1k, went up to 7.5k, and now ended the week at $420.71
they only have ~4 months of cash left better hope for a vaccine before then or its going to be more dilution. I like dave and busters more as reopening play
Will pull to 35 then rocket
[removed]
PDT saved my portfolio today, I was straight up going to YOLO everything into 0dte Nio calls. Thanks gay rules.
Spy bears how we feel
they’ll just leave a trail of quarter pounders to lure him out, then lock the gates behind him
I’ve clawed my way from 6K to 24K. I can almost taste the freedom.
Analyst holds shares and says the stock is going to go up. WE SLEEP.

Analyst buys puts and says a company is going to go down. WE MAD
🤡
1 GPRO 7.5c 12/4

8 GE 7c 1/15/21

1 NKLA 2.5p 4/16/21

99 GE, 18 GM, 8 AAPL, 13 CRSP, 6 GWRE, 7 MTCH, 2 KO, 7 NTDOY, 18 SNE, 2 GPRO, 1 BYND
Yeah its kinda scary how same the pattern has been every week rises through monday then dips mid week rises thursday then dips near closing on friday.
No one wants to talk about that because it sure ain’t gonna be good
>What about breaking out past resistance and settling at the top of the channel with impending stimmy hopium screamed "market crash" to you

Market responded to teh vaccine announcement like it was already in the mail to millions. Corona cases are 150k a day and rising. They haven't gotten FDA approval. The only thing they could have announced in that presser that would have made me nervous is a new vaccine that was >90% effective or an FDA approval on the pfizer one.
[removed]
High risk ;)
Hes just trying to collect enough money to pay off his debts before he leaves.
It's Friday the 13th. What did you expect?
PLTR GANG LETS GOOO!!! Monday pltr moon day
Communication is a two way street amigo. Gotta focus on reading sometimes, not everyone is going to spoon feed you because you have a learning disability.
I’ll read up on It tonight
Beijing Bets. lmao. 

Can’t stand y’all.
I have both. The puts made me money. MFA only trades in nickel increments on robinhood
No clue. It's just dangerous is all
Put this in your cap to smoke, Activision (Blizzard) has a new game (CoD), expansion (WoW), event (OW), AND a second game expansion (HS) all happening now/soon.
A tendie is a cryptocurrency that WSB members trade with. One tendie=12 pasos
Healthy pullback for NIO
Is ppl around 🥭 are forced to say nice things about him every time? Too cringe.
[deleted]
Played the LI and XPEV earnings and then nio put yolo day trade today
[deleted]
[deleted]
I bought some $364p 11/16. Didnt want to get fully cucked if bigly green
[deleted]
I think it runs with NIO on Monday
I'll take $40 at Monday open
Uh, what? Just because I disagreed with your argument doesn’t mean I abide by what one news network tells me? I don’t lean left nor right 😂
Pres. Climton got caught giving stimulus packages directly to Ms. Rewinsky.
Oh, not the mishandling of "millions" and "billions" ?
Y’all about to take this vaccine and turn orange like 🥭

I’m not trusting anything called “operation warpspeed”
Laugh all you want about the ugly design (in which I agree), but.....

- 100 Mile Range
- 80 MPH
- 2.5 hour charge time
- They started mass production in China already.
That man is about to buy a house
So you’re saying buy poots?
You're*
you can buy calls with that
Lol. Im selling monday morning. 
Dont give a fuck about losses. 
Those “cars” are space balls goofy
295 is still 295.   that is an exp lottery ticket
This just doesn’t hit the same as musk daddy
youre right, it is no shit; Sherlock. thats why my losses were only ~$200 not <$2000
Took a little vacation from trading for a few months to clear the mind. Hard to read WSB without any skin in the game it turns out. 

Back in action and barely recognize anyone lol
Congrats.
It’s my wife’s boyfriend
Yup i'm in rochester right now, (which is in monroe county) and we are getting absolutely cucked by the rona my coworkers are dropping like flies
I think I'm done. I was in debt bigly and this was a giant YOLO for me. Now I have enough to pay my debt and down payment on a house.
My strike is 33 lol
In China, a lot of us now use Pinduoduo because it is a cheaper alternative to JD and TaoBao, but with the 11/11 holiday ending and the antitrust rules going around, the outlook is sure to change, I suspect that the best days for it may be behind us
You have to think in terms of percentage and not cash amount. We literally only dipped 7.5% for the day. We've been making that in gains DAILY consistently. NIO isn't going anywhere man. Glad I could be of assistance my friend and goodluck to you.
Mmm 1200% loss 🍆💦💦💦💦
Can confirm, but that’s .420 higher than what I expected
Thanks, I’ll buy puts on that too
i wonder what mango is going to do in 2021

his Twitter feed everyday:

Unfair votes!! I am still president !!!!!
Which would be problematic since there's probably a substantial number of Trump supporters who are anti-vaxxers.
Gambling on AMC because I’ve seen what recognizable names do when there’s good news. Please everyone be dumb. I know you are, just do it the way I need it this time.
It's going to go up 250000% and he can buy like... a way expensiver apartment.
Ya boi just made $5 in divies lmao.
Let’s have zm drill to China and a big fat gap up over the weekend
Tuesday
Market has forgotten by then... I hope.
That shit scares me cuz the gym is my stress reliever and a foundation in my life. I feel we’re next cuz Cuomo was so quick to shut em down before.
Easy money
Okay piss boi
Old money do be loving the cruise lines stocks
Lmao this is gold
[deleted]
yea this is my first real yolo in a long time. This week sucked in general (down 10k) so time for a big swing
What us shitheads know what will happen with NIO*
Good shit bro or sis! Wish many more tendies for your future
Actually, I have PENN and TQQQ calls as well, so I had a relatively balanced out day today.
[deleted]
Yah it’ll drop to 35 after earnings
Yeah probably
Solid fucking gains man!
Why?

What about breaking out past resistance and settling at the top of the channel with impending stimmy hopium screamed "market crash" to you
Holdup I thought this was a gambling website?
Ban.
Shut up retard you don’t know how to speak
You are the salty fgt walking away
Don't forget to tell him to wear condoms! Fucking retard lol
Lol throw me a call when you buy it
gratz
I know right, you can build a nice PC for that.
Made 300% gains over the last ten days and got a ps5. Whatever comes Monday I think I can take a loss now.
It’ll drop to 35
True, with his ego this is probably the closest he can get to admitting defeat lolll
Do you mean when it was trading under AAMRQ?

The ticker AAL started trading in 2013 after the merger with US Airways.
My puts I've been holding since last week are down 90%, would very much appreciate a "healthy" correction...
“no, mr bond(holder), i expect you to die”
Good point
Then you’re okay!
Probably all chinese EV'd out for a few days here
I will accept that I got super lucky today
Is it even fraud if all of them do it? It's more like you have to engage in unofficial operations activities in Chy-nuh.
To all you loud ass retards holding NIO calls. Did you enjoy the market today? I’m up 120% on my puts (was up 200% when it was at 40). Didn’t close. This shits going to 35. Which is awesome. Bc it’s more NIO call boi crying
It’s not garbage but purchased from oem suppliers, they lack IP on autonomous driving and battery tech. Car is decent, but business model is difficult to work as Tesla focus on cutting cost and profitability and Nio focus on built quality plus reputation. You can say Tesla was using the same strategy but that is a by gone era. The market is quite mature now and Nio need to prove they can actually make money like BYD.
[deleted]
Possible
You probably bought the top
F
Buybacks
Focus on the facts retard, not on fear mongerers. Check what science says
This is the way.
He's losing every single lawsuit from what I've seen no way he doesn't concede in the next month or so
I’m not even in it rn buddy
You mean: and it's gone... Up to mars🚀🤘
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Start155 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No way, CCP backed TSLA, today was the dip due to Citron, too many retards in this. Trading volume was insane today.
Pull out 1200 of that and build again
Thank you kind stranger. How can I reimburse you for your insight?
I couldn’t even imagine the market if a party did something to block a vaccine lmao.
Green or red next week?
how many you in for?  what about NIU?
If you're currently at school doesnt that mean you have yet to finish getting an education? Are you one of those engineering students that calls himself an engineer
I agree but how many people are gonna resist jumping back in amidst lockdowns and another round of record earnings reports for tech? I think not many, but I’m just a redditor so anyone reading this don’t put too much stock in it.
No greater praise
Im in 400 at 2.72 fwm sons
Too bad i cant sell a call worth a fuck


Want to belly fucc my tendies?

Im also in nmci at 1.70
My reasoning was that people were pumped about the vaccine early this week but no dates were give on wide distribution. People were/are overly optimistic on when it can be distributed and the April date is further out than what most people would have expected. I consider my odds about 5050 at this point
VIX isn’t going to spike again is it? 😔
Bold of you to assume I held. I sold when it was up 10% today
What a dick move huh?
Wow so That means my NIO 60C 11/13 are still safe?
[removed]
How many pelotons do you have?
Just buy more in game currency like the rest of us
How has that analyst not been assassinated yet? And how has said assassination not made WSB headline
anyone else playing NIU the chinese EV scooter company and not NIO? annoying how they seemingly trade together, I think NIU earnings will be better + tons of room to grow with only 2b valuation compared to 65b for NIO
Shorts have lost billions on NIO. You really think its going to finally go down? For ER? The herd force behind that stock is unreal.
Nice job.

Now lose it.
Doubtful, press conference made it pretty clear that hope is on the horizon but still a ways off
Fake news to let Xi show who’s boss
Yeah but what if I wanna be rich...like right away.  Still NIO right?
Nope, this is the last time you’ll see it below $40
Enjoy your calls today? I’m up 120% on my NIO puts today. Retard.
Lol maybe try again
If you ever thought you were stupid, just know that there are folks paying $1k for a ps5
Dunno the iOS version released today has it as a new function in the release notes
what you purchase?
Lol
Almost definitely will
Yeah it’d be way too late for you to make an obvious profitable trade.
What’s your retarded opinions on this?

What are the chances NIO drops 25% next week?
one wise man once went all in on a meme stonk

he was never heard from again
$FSR 20C 11/20
Swallow
Bought NIO and ZM calls on that dip.
I just tried that wide lense 🤯
Exactly lmao

> plz donate to my 'defense fund'

"Or Putin will decapitate my ass"
Good bought the dip
no offense but i lost all respect for morgan stanley after how they’re pricing tsla. i don’t think the have a clue when it comes to evs. will keep this in mind tho ty.
What’s up with these pharma stocks? When are they gonna burst ?
[deleted]
Amazon drones forcibly target and shoot vaccines at people

AMZN 3500 eom
Nah. MMs controls the narrative . 🥭has no power
Yea I was tired of losing 20% a day on my further out options. Want to either go big or go home
Join our hive
I bought in at $38, stop loss set at $35, I will sell if it reaches $53 again, I should have today.
Fuck you bitcchhh
Why did I think this was real for .1 second
Same price target as door dash
Can NIO drop below 40 so I can get a chance to buy calls again?
thx bruh 

I'd make a medium amount of money if so 😎😎😎
lmao I just remembered Neopets had a stock market too. Made about as much sense as the real one.
So are you saying i should sell soon. Legit question.
All this coronavirus news has got me feeling like going on a Caribbean cruise might be the move
Kinda good made 120% yesterday, and made another 160% so doubled on everything. Will deff recommend to a friend
I’ll start with the shitposting. 

Andrews Left is the type of guy that shows up late to the party and demands everyone’s sobers up then drink with him.
I have 1.7 k Thursday am down bad I’m in the same boat
Earnings are we'd?
Sure. My puts will be sold after earnings. This stock will go to 200. First it’ll go to 35
mfa is making me tendies
I don't even really know what they are.
Buy now and sell before er, buy now and hold, or wait til after to buy?
The amount of first time traders on nio is actually giving me faith again. If even these retards can stumble on it this shit will be great if/when they start ramping up production.
Dude.
I am looking forward to the day where I have 50k extra to have in my RH account
Haha you judge people's intelligence by how much they swear? You little poor fgt every time you write the more I pity you 😢
Maybe try going back to conversion therapy? Dumb fucking monkey believes stonks only go up talking about intelligence 🤣😂
did you not read? 

In response, a senior advisor to Cuomo said on Twitter that the governor “is fighting to ensure the communities hit hardest by COVID get the vaccine.“

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/trump-says-coronavirus-vaccine-wont-be-delivered-to-new-york.html

he never said that....
Why spy puts bro I think your done man 😭
For call or put?
Exactly lmao
Lolz
I think thats why balance sheets are so important to look at. I'm in NCLH pretty good, but only because they have the cash on hand to survive to spring. The other big 2 cruise lines arent in as good shape
Spending is insane. Look at car sales. They can’t keep up with demand.
You know the board will prep another share dilution.
While you're straining to come up with a reply that is some sort combination of gay slur and as many swear words that your limited vocabulary allows, I'm going to go hang with my homies and drink beers and not be a salty person like you. [Adios Amigo](https://youtu.be/0dcItDsp5sg)
You said you’d buy more retard if you know how English works that means you have some now
Suck a dick.
[removed]
When Monday/Tuesday come you'll remember me.
Paraphrasing "who knows what will happen" regarding the next admin. He didn't explicitly say the current admin will continue on to be the next admin. For Trump, that's as close as you can get to a concession. So far at least.
They sold some jets or something
Probably not tbh. I don't trade options.
You buy the batteries for Tesla as opposed to leasing them for NIO, NIO battery takes 5 minutes to change vs 2 hours Tesla, also NIO expanding outside of China
“Leaked” to MMs
*autistic.
You’re retarded but also it’s not even that bad, you get 5 whole days to not lose every penny and we are at ath. I thought it was gonna expire on Monday or they were zoom calls/puts
That’s what I’m counting on. I went balls deep on LI calls today. Bought the top (obviously) then leveraged down throughout the day. Really need NIO to carry the whole team.
Just woke up from a dream where NIO gapped down to 11 (I own puts), and I was happy. I went to sell, and it was actually a gap up to 77. The end.
Put on NIO
One of the guys I went to business school with who works for a Chinese investment bank told me NIO earnings have leaked and their internal price target for NIO was increased to $69.420
What about the guy who drank his own piss? Or the guy who shoved a chopstick up his ass? Have you forgotten the guy who lost his house on SPY bets?

None of those are made up.
If you don’t know what you’re doing, neither can the MM’s

*taps head*
“Yer a retard ‘array.”
I mean its impossible for him not to transition. The secret service is already split between him and the new guy. They would just stop briefing him on stuff and kick him out.
I’m in on both, at least pltr is keeping me afloat
That general they had on sounded like they were going to have the military forcibly inject people with the vaccine.
I’m the biggest idiot!
tech all hella overvalued bruh
[deleted]
Can’t do that, then bubble goes pop.
My what?
Vaccine on the way. Travel bans go away
💯
Could have held but got out even-ish
If there is any bad vaccine news, it would get leaked ahead of time right?
[deleted]
Oregon already implementing 2 week freeze on 18th. Gym closures restaurants take out only.
This is just my yolo RH account :)
Lol, true true
bruh with neo-inflation that can get you like 2 codestones
i will boy calls for City Wok

dude makes the best City sushi and can also build a chineese wall
[deleted]
Fuck you lemon meringue pie is awesome
[deleted]
Trump is rushing the vaccine because he wants to say he was responsible for it when he campaigns for 2024. The Dems are gonna find a way to block it
Ok mark king
They are look at consumer spending it is soaring part of the reason is people aren’t traveling to work or vacationing, so more money to waste on iPhones
hello weekend my old friend
Global pandemic, possible bankruptcy. Bullish
just message robinhood
2 weeks ago I liquidated my entire portfolio and went all-in on NIO calls. I cashed out today in the morning before the drop. Made more on my other account. Was a mix of LEAPs and 1DTE calls. All cash now, secured the gains.
?
If you are unemployed and trading for an living, you can turn yourself into a trader by establishing a company (it can be sole proprietor, so no major paper work) and opening a self-401k. You can park up to $53k into a retirement self-401k (or whatever this year’s threshold is) per year. So you’re lowering the taxable income. Also you should do your major yolos in an IRA and you wouldn’t have to worry about this. 💁‍♀️
fuck

so much BABA holders in here

rip my calls
Ccl $20 MONDAY OPEN
Think or swim has paper trading
BABA is the large tech play right now
[deleted]
🤡
I saw it on Yahoo Finance App but it was for like 10-15sec only. Don't know if it's a bug or not.
DAL $50 Monday 


Source: bro trust me
Same to you may we both print bigly next week
I think tech was on sale this week. People sold too quickly off of virus hype. New Mexico just announced lockdown for two weeks. NY and Oregon seem poised to follow. Who knows who else after that. 

Last lockdown business owners said even one day had a noticeable financial impact, so even two weeks is huge. With new brand name companies popping up every few weeks, how long are value stocks gonna hold their weighting when their recovery timetable keeps getting pushed back. Vaccine or not.
[deleted]
Surviving. What’s good?
This is more accurate tbh
NIO 60 before earnings
I get not wanting to flaunt extreme wealth, but if you pay more for better quality than the shit coming out of walmart- it lasts longer
They expire end of November. i think we’ll get some drilling when moderna drops their vaccine info though
Lemon based desserts lit u fucking baboon
What was the catalyst for it to explode like this? Earning? Hype? Election?
Sitting on some MSOS shares. Other than that fuck this nonsense for now.
I got out of apple, Microsoft and Amazon. May buy again before earnings
Welcome home
I'm probably going to drop $5k in some at the money AMC calls on Monday.

7 months to a year expirations sounds about right
I hope
Yeah, always more opportunities. I was doing shares, but woulda shorted successfully with a trailing stop. My stop loss fired and I ended up buying back at same price EOD...
She breastfed me
Sold TSLA 11/20 400p @ 25 this pm
Must be nice to have that kind of cash
Already priced in. Its already been announced 15 times that Shadowlands are record pre-order sales.
It's only money, don't worry bout it
BuT iT sHoULd ThEY oNLy soLd 20000 cARs
NY to 🥭: no u
Literally everything on this sub....
So if the vaccine is going to cure everything, will the fed stop backing the market? Lol
I'm in on some Wednesdays same strike gl
He admitted defeat when he dropped the Arizona lawsuit today. Loaded up more on weed stonks
Boom roasted
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/strongest_nerd the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO also doesn’t have to pay pensions and healthcare for all those retirees.

New car companies will always be worth more because of legacy costs.
Uhhh sure buddy! It’s going to be okay
Ill be up front in that I voted trump but I actually agree with you to an extent. I'm sick of people spreading rumors when they haven't a clue. It makes legitimate issues look like a fucking joke. I hope it's all prosecuted too but it's looking like it's pretty much negligible like you said. I really can't fathom the 2-3 million flipped votes that trump claimed yesterday on Twitter. If he had enough basis to claim that, shit would already be going down.
I will say once position or ban
Thats why you but Penny stocks? 😂
When I think green innovation + free market I think China.
You could be right. I waited until a big green day, near ATH. 

I'm not sure that the blood is out of the water yet from a civil unrest standpoint, and wanted to have exposure to any downwards movement from that as well.
You all really are retarded
Have you seen one of their "cars"? Do you really have so little respect for your own time spent earning this money to want to put your money on this? 

Surely, this post must be in jest.
Pltr is fucking around too
I don’t think so. I think earnings will be real good and the fomo train will pick up again, countered by all shorting and the spooking I think we will end up right about where we are now
[deleted]
NVDA is gonna moon!
This aged well
How you been doing brother
I just find it fun to be honest, always some new theory to try, always something you could improve etc it’s like a never ending puzzle. Would like to add that I am by no means rich but lucky enough to never had to worry about necessities
Oh, please. You don't know shit lmao. I have no stake in this game - I made money on calls yesterday and on puts today, but acting like you know exactly what's going to happen especially with a stock like this, at a time like this is stupid, guy
I suspect the whole "battery switching" aspect they are trying to sell is just a way to hide the fact that their battery technology is hot garbage
My 0dte 365 SPY calls say green!!
I just been in and out of positions each day. 60k account so I got plenty of $$ to work with each day. Haven’t had a red day in like a month now, I think.
>Lol dude the company that did the report is obviously short selling. 

Why do people say this like it's a bad thing?  Would you expect a company to say a stock is worth $50 while selling it at $25?
need all the luck I can get appreciate it
Where this the same fuckers that got ENPH down in May only for it to moon to its ATH recently?
Ban. 


Calls. Always.
No NIO no nut. It’s only going to be satisfying if it’s a loss from one of the retards pumping NIO for the last week
Less pollution = good for everyone.
No way it can stay propped up like this. After hearing vaccine is further out than initially estimated and a few states are locking down? I will sleep good tonight. I’m out for 15-30% savings.
BABA call holders the type of guys who bend their wrists when giving a pound.
Learn the difference between correlation and causation. They didn't research any chemical pathways or receptor binding, etc. They just did a statistical analysis which means very little. If you try to find patterns, you'll find them in everything. I bet Blood type O are 70% more likely to go bowling. This is stupid.

Edit: Notice also how they don't tell you how less likely a person of Type O blood is to get infected with Covid? Is it 90% less likely? 1% less likely? Who fucking knows.
Airplanes were new and unproven technology
Li?
By saying that, you just guaranteed that it will.
nah ya'll just uneducated normies, REEEEE
Lol try next christmas
[deleted]
Today just a temp pullback for NIO and then continue to moon?
Glad to see you still here brotha
Was it a bug or this actually happened?
lol GL
"My administration will not be doing a lockdown, now the ne-- i mean, uh, the, uh we uh don't know what the future holds but yeah MY administration will not be doing a lockdown"

^(plz donate to my 'defense fund')
I hope ccl opens at 20 so I can buy puts again, took profits a little too early last time
You mean these bags of gold?
I've been kicking around, haha. 

Picked up a 30% gain on PCG calls about a month ago, then a 10% gain on DME earlier this month. 

We'll see what I get with IWM puts.
Fail
I’m I the only one who thinks these investors on CNBC live in their own world? They think the general population is spending like crazy but I find that hard to believe
I play WoW
[deleted]
Calls. I’ll buy 50k worth of spy, sell 5-10% OTM covered calls, and leave 10k to buy calls if it dips.
valid question tho
fucking retard
Idk why I didn’t go cash. Stayed with BABA. Green monday surely?
45c 11/20
Calling the top?
You're a good person!
I saw it drop down to 245 too
[deleted]
at least he went naked on the side that has a floor 😂
DAL to 50 pls

got some FD's at the bell
You cannot tell me CCL is gonna pump more smh
I live comfortably and invest in stocks every week for buy and hold. I gamble on WSB with a relatively small amount of money for fun
Weeds gonna moon
Haha I made around 40k this  week
Tryna be a man hoe
Might want to read that again fuck head
Mad salt in here. Go for a run or walk. 
You’ll feel better about the dumb shit you did this week. 


And next time don’t bet on Chinese shit, Day Traitor.
How?
I’d give my gainz this week for a return back to normal by spring
Why them?
From $250 -> $1.7k this week because of the Chinese EV stocks. My NIO put paid off big time today. Best week I’ve ever had
Until the stock stays flat or goes down. Then it’s all gone LOL
Until futes open blood red Sunday
SEC needs to investigate
Been mainly cash gang. Feels good but can’t make any money 😩
Jen Psaki cute
You’re retRded for holding over this weekend. You’re either gonna be richy rich or back to homeless.
He 👏 didn’t 👏 hear 👏 no 👏 bell
There literally is a bell though.
So glad I waited until today to get short. Here is a gold star for the NIO bears who died during the week.
I have a feeling FSR gonna be flying next week to meme status.
Not surprising but honestly at this point it shouldn’t even go up because there was basically no news 😂🤪
why they pants almost falling off?
I am not a big Ford fan but that Bronco is looking sick. I’d take that over a Lambo tbh.
Do you have a sauce for this? I’ve so far been able to find an accurate stat from any official source.
Your account is still going to be showing a loss though. And I want to see it
No shit Sherlock
I hope so 😌
Yeah, I’m referring to tracking covid and infections which has been half mentioned for the UK I believe. I assume it won’t be released publicly because it will be done through cell phone data and interactions is my guess. From my understanding the company works on the fringe and will do a bit more risky ethical business.
I wish I had MFA money. I just know everything this sub touches goes to shit and I’m an autist like the rest.
In his own retarded way, Trump kinda sorta admitted defeat in today's press con.
buy high sell low. this is the way
High score
Monday will decide if I get to stay in this sub or not https://imgur.com/a/ICyWPyh
I wouldn’t say never but not since 25. Was a grind but once you get your money up it’s nice. Stress is higher than ever though. Goal is to gamble and the feels
Why are airline stocks pumping?
1. You're all mad about a short report that is fundamentally no different than what people typically write about on Seeking Alpha.  
2. You're mad that people actually care about what Citron Research has to say.
3. You're mad that Citron Research is probably right and it's inconvenient for your trading.
Somebody didn't sell their puts on time 😂
How many production vehicles ago?
Fuck, that’s rough lmao
Baba call holders are the type of guys who are the last ones chanting in a slow chant.
Bought leaps at the dip.
They are just cleaning up loose ends right now lol. Can’t leave a paper trail. He’ll concede soon.
[deleted]
Airline pump < penis pump guy from a month ago
[deleted]
It would make sense. Cases are blowing up. CA super liberal. Stop spread before holidays/ blk friday. I was thinking same thing this week that it could happen. OP has 9yo acct, doesn’t post often. Seems legit. Buy zm and pton
God I hope so.... I think they will; there's nothing holding it back at this point
Looneys on Twitter telling me COVID and the vaccine are a globalist satanic communist conspiracy but also Trump is taking credit for it, is he now on the Reptilian's payroll?
[deleted]
NIO to 25 by next Friday?
Did not like sitting at resistance of a triple top, I got a feeling whatever we go we go hard this time
I mean they’re stating facts
I wonder what kind of data plan teslas have to be able to upload so much data and I wonder when do they sync it or if they are any privacy regulations on this data
Ticker is wrong you retard
This didn't age well lmao
Fake and Gay airline pump
It's on a Friday though, market can't dump if it's closed.
Probably trying to pump that "presidency has aged me" photo comparison despite looking exactly the same 4 years ago
SOLO gonna stick between 6-6.50. Cause I have 20 7.50 calls and 25 5.5 puts. You’ve been warned
Randy is that you????
PCG is your friend
LMAO nio bagholders how are you feeling today?
The fact that this kind of comment got upvotes should tell you to buy puts
I think we had goals at the beginning before joining the market, now it feels like it’s a part of me. I forgot what life was like before this
Hahaha wtf dude. Yes you can. Hahahaha omg
Have 300p let’s hope it drills to gyna
I saw it exploded this morning but I actually have a real job, and figured I'd unload for the weekend around noon. Still (barely) above breaking even, guess we'll see what happens Monday. Because I actually have on-site responsibilities and can't dick around with this all day every day. 

Every time I think "I can make money on options" I should just buy VGT or VCR and let it ride.
This is the dumbest thing I’ve ever seen on this sub
I’ll buy puts on Shitron
Or the market maker resetting his book lol
Go with TBPMF then
BABA calls going to pay off next week?
Good to know. Thanks
[deleted]
got pton 105 calls two weeks out at close. only filled half my order though but hoping for nice returns from beyonces bikes
Nvmd your good
It’s happening and it’s glorious
👋
Upvote if you’re cash gang. This market is redic.
I have to stop looking at yahoo finance, it showed it at 242 for a couple minutes
Separate issue. Focus on the lie. 

Are you a Trump supporter? If you are, please say so so I won't waste time responding.
Holy fuck is this satire or are you serious hahahha
Call them what they are, Shitron
And that was 8 years ago.
Not really sure what I should do with my Apple and Amazon shares anymore doesn’t seem to be much upside rn
so no new vaccine news, but AMC still pumping AH on a stupid pointless mango speech, very cool
Lmfao at best??? Nobody listen to this shit. NIO is literally the biggest of the three and its reporting earnings Tuesday. We'll be just fine. Big money players used this drop to shake off the small timers and take their gains. That same big money will pump this shit right back up and profit on that too. Just gotta ride the wave correctly
Yeah, for now, but be aware of brexit. IB are brittain based and their  branches in Luxembourg and Ireland have not yet obtained all licenses and stuff, so if the brexit will happen soon, IB might not provide the level of service as usual for a while.
You put your life savings into FDs/gambling? You belong here.
Hello cash gang friend. It’s an amazing feeling. Love rooting for the downside because this market is out of touch with reality. Hoping for a good down leg soon!
Dows 70 from beginning of year. Literally any good news is going to make it go up massive
Instead of betting on one company to develop it, just bet on travel and shit.
damn then I guess I was really unlucky that it popped OTM at 3pm then went straight back ITM...
LOL
If BABA keeps dropping gonna go all in on long calls. No way it goes below 230
You would say that Elon Tusk. How could you betray us so father? When we needed you most 😂
Nio going up dumbass - 🍆
Buy puts, here’s my DD: https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJ9W4W5x/
Not Covid cases tracking but vaccine related:

https://www.wsj.com/articles/palantir-to-help-u-s-track-covid-19-vaccines-11603367276
[removed]
Hoping not "all" priced in, recently grabbed 300C APR2021...two earnings + biggest online shopping season in history around the corner?!?.. plus I need a firepit to toss my CCL 20C NOV20 gains!
Normally these pressers are all 🖕🤬🖕  

That one was very 🥺👉👈
That's what he wanted to do in 2016 but Hillary had to go and lose
You’re right I forgot they make Q anon videos reading out Q posts because the others can’t read it themselves 🤦‍♂️
It's what happens when you know you're going to jail.
inverse
CCL and AAL ah 👀
PFE agreed to sell the vaccine to the US Gov for a set amount; they did NOT get tendies from the Federal Gov to develop it = they were NOT part of OWS.
Green Monday upvote, red downvote
They didn't redye it, if incumbents are up for reelection they usually go for the gray hair, as it has shown to gather more votes. 

Challengers usually dye their hair to appear younger and more aggressive.

Obama did the same thing.
Rough guy, take a break and re-assess.

Down 10k past 2 weeks, but very small % of nw. It’s painful when they do ya so dirty
That’s true I can agree. It would be ideal for a day trade
Everyone better have their trigger finger on zoom Monday cause shits about to go psycho up or down no flat. Get ready fuckers
[deleted]
Fuck UBC
Lost 65% on BABA calls. Wouldn’t touch that with a 10 foot pole until Jack Ma apologizes to Winnie the Pooh
How many of you here have never had to worry about money?  I mean, never stressed about rent or affording food or gas or not being able to make a payment?  What's your goal in the market?
During hurricane Sandy 16 fiskar karmas caught fire due to one that had a short circuit and spread to the other vehicles.
“I’m not invested in NIO”
“If they drop I’ll buy MORE”
Freudian slip lol ur gonna lose money hahahahaha
Christian Fromhertz, Michael Burry, Mike Baum, Steve Sosnick and some older Cramer(pre-08). I like to listen to their psychology behind trading and the keys they look for when trading. History has a tendency of repeating itself so sometimes it’s best to listen to the oldies even if you are slightly outperforming them(with significantly less money).
Puts it is
Going in on calls or puts?
I’m cool with that
Ok boomerberg
Did anyone in here pickup aal stock in 2012 when it was 50 cents? Also why was it 50 cents in 2012
Lol pretty much
I think it was on the script n he saw it n was like no, fuck that. Fuckin 🥭
I only heard of them from NPR ads
I bet 🥭 is letting his hair go white now cause Obama’s hair turned white after his first term
Most comments im reading are top confirmed top is in mango mentioned the stock market... so... nah
feels like too obvious of a play so probably priced in?
No offense but do you even know how iron condors work?
Stop gambling
homie just tryna learn for future reference
Investors are stupid
How about 69.50. Sold a lot of covered calls at 70 don’t want to have to roll
Some REAL REAL consolidation going on here in tech. Not going to lie, tad nervous about my JAN, FEB, MAR credit Put spreads. Then again, if we stay sideways to up, I'm gucci with the theta decay.
not me, lol.  this guy on fast money
Holding my xpeng 55c til December. I always sell too early and get fucked
I'm showing ZM coming back down onto it's 2020 Bull Trend Line.  I'm not shorting them yet...
Okay but what are gonna do now till the vaccine is available. We got record cases, hospitals filled, and Donnie says a shut down is stupid. Health care workers getting a vaccine is good but it doesn’t stop the spread at all for the common person. We still got 5 months of this if it’s available in April.
Yeah, talking about voting software issues, voter fraud, etc, etc when they have no fucking idea what they're talking about.  The anecdotal examples of ballots for dead people, etc, etc, all exist in every single election.. *ever* (various eras have various types of fraud).  They're being held up as something that's swinging the election, when they're insignificant, statistically speaking.  But, of course, 'influencers', media people, and the common fucktards are parroting this shit like they 'know' something.  The only thing happening is they're riling up the chicken coup, that's it.

&#x200B;

Full disclosure: I think all election fraud should be prosecuted.
355 flat all day
Any good free paper trading apps?
Don't kill my hopium...
Broke his mirror.

(just like Dorian Gray)
How much are you down bro
OK I feel better about my biotechs now that I have just learned about li auto at 26b.thanks OP, gonna keep my biotechs
how do you define kissing ass?

a lot of the time it's just cooperation, doing things for the greater good of the group instead of singular pursuits
I think that was a message to us wsb autists from the fund managers
.... You don't trade.
You actually think ANY medication/vaccine would be able to get through FDA without Trump in only a few months.
[deleted]
It’s gotta be MRNA
He either bought these at least a couple days ago or IV rose high enough to cover the drop. IV is extremely powerful
Both lmao
fucking paid SHILL
Believe it or not I am not invested in nio for what they will be doing November 16th, 2020 either hahah ot can drop to 20 for all I care ill probably buy more.unkess something actually changes between now and then
Wow someone really need to get off today huh. May I suggest pornhub. 
Nah, I got 1.2k upvotes on my yesterday’s comment, I’m done for the week.
How serious do u think the baba risk is? Does China really want to mess with it? Or is this fake news to let MMs load up for cheap?
Not to brag but looks like I bought calls at the top again
We’re going to be rich dude
What’s this video everyone banging on about?
I bought NIO weeklies at the bottom today😎😎
Picked up some ATM puts on DKNG and BBY before close today.  EXP in Jan. sure hope these bitches don't gap up on me come Monday.

*Narrator:  But these bitches will gap up on him on Monday.*
Meh, I know I *am* far more intelligent than you. It's funny that all you can ever do is swear and accuse people of being gay as though that means anything. Definitely feels like I am talking to a high schooler
I bought the dip hard
He wants people vaccinated before he gets booted so he can claim the success.
Actually that means it’s going back up.
AAL... fock
I was just wondering if someone put that on the teleprompter to try to get him to read it, anchorman style
Strike is perfect but i would’ve bought them mid-late December.
I hate this. I am angry  but I won’t do anything drastic. This isn’t just money at this point. This is my life savings that’s going down the drain. I’d see this as a failed business. Thousands of $ gone. No shit
Did anybody else catch that slip where he almost said “The Biden administration” when talking about lockdowns?  He caught himself before he finished the thought, but he HAS acknowledged that he’s lost at this point, though it may be some time and more failed lawsuits before he states it publicly.  That shit will be the greenest fucking day ever like +$20 on SPY.
$40 is the best Pfizer can ever give us.
No, but market will still price it in
On expiration day, with contracts ITM, and unless you have the $ or shares to cover puts/calls, RH will close your options about an hour or so before the closing bell.

Close your spreads on RH. Especially the short legs.
My 3rd weekend in a row straight cash homie. Feels good given the current market conditions. Some serious fuckery going on. I’m going all in if spy breaks 360 next week tho cuz everyone’s gonna try to short the ATH.
What brokerage company is this?
Is Tesla IV just gonna keep dropping or will it rise again to uncharted levels
[deleted]
I got mine cheaper on aliexpress!
🤦‍♂️ I turned it off after the first five minutes
I mean, if that person wants to play the "check back after ANY time frame" game, we can just look at today. Ford up 4%, NIO -7.75% and fortunate it wasn't a lot more.
Down 4k, after this week. Confident in BABA calls for next week though
Just build a house lolol
Anyone else on Stwd calls?
what are yall vaccine plays?
I don’t get why Beyond sinks with the COVID stocks. Are they really basing their value on people stocking up on fake meat while at home??
Damn mango. Knew there was gonna be vaccine talk during the weekend lmao.
Just bought NKLA calls! Let’s fucking go!! 30c 11/20
Good luck
You guys literally trade blind.
What will spy open up at Monday
Some will because I bet, international travel will require proof of vaccination.
REGENERON
Still a net + barely, but Jesus my timing is horrid.
Yes 70 year olds usually have white hair...
I think it could go either way
havent seen that username in a while
Trump forgot to mention that the vaccine will be publicly available after he’s out of office
Is this some type of autistic low key advertisement or something
I got puts near EOD. Am i fucked?
Idk. Health care workers probably will. Not sure if seniors will.
this dude got puts.  saying this is a bubble
Who truly believes that they found the vaccine... cmon...how many times have been blue balled by these sons of bitches?
Yeah, I realized I was probably stressing for no reason. Switched from my day/week chart to a 3 Month chart and it gave me goosebumps.

We chillin’ ; thanks for reassurance.
Ok see you on monday
Been there for a while...
Alexa reorder lube



The markets gonna get raped by Mango again
Every country needs an EV project so fuck it this one is Canadas
CNBC literally is saying WE ARE FUCKED COME ON PEOPLE HOW ARE WE EVEN GREEN
“Warm Retards” ?
I got puts near EOD. Am i fucked?
thanks to whichever of you idiots bought the $49 Nio call credit spread i sold yesterday and expired today
Exactly
Same. Im going to wait a few months and see how it goes
Mango growing fuzzy white mold on top?
I have 50 shares and 10 10/18 5.5c. I bought s little high today, hoping to make 20-30% off of the whole lot.
Volume is there for another memeing
America - the land of the FRE— GUH!
Flat
It was just hyperbolic, like everything on this sub.
100%
piece of shit really is up 30%
I got you.
I'm gonna.  I'm always on time.  I really don't even care about the 25, it's the principle. Fuckers and their fees.
[deleted]
You sound surprised
So will people actually take the vaccines early on?
But they trade out of new jersey, no?
Buy at market open
Let’s meme SOLO and SPCE next week (SOLO is another EV stonk and SPCE has a flight next weekend.
Mar 2021? That gives absolutely plenty of time. 

Thanksgiving spike will play out early Dec. Christmas spike will play out early Jan. Things may be bad enough by Jan 20 that Biden may have to "follow the science" and do another shutdown, which would dictate market movements for 6 weeks. 

Mar 2021 puts captures the whole move.
[deleted]
PFE better moon to $50+
made me start playing chess again
Ballsy
RH is scared of call debit spreads.
But are Trump supporters dumb enough to believe his claims able to read?
Puts on ZM?
he already said it at the presser lol top is in confirmed
Almost like their opinions changed with new information. Crazy
Start buying ATM options. It’ll change your life. You don’t need to chase 10 baggers if you can put down a big amount on a trade.
Love how 🥭almost said “incoming administration” then caught himself and muttered something like whoever it is
Puts on cuomo
I’m all for it, i got ZM calls
Sleep? PRPL
Can relate.  nio keeps popping up.  I'll just sell some nice safe puts....

   FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuuuuu
He should’ve taken more tests and found out then post his bullshit on the side, he’s autistic af
FUCK I bought calls EOD
I'm in. Is this what they call following the smart money
The guys a fucken simp/cuck. Just look at his horrendous plastic wife. She'll be spending NIO dollars this weekend.
Damn, BABA in AH lol.

Edit: it was -$18+ and now back to normal.
From what I've seen online, NIO makes a really nice car.
Probably stimulus related
Check the link
Already opened a position with 10,000 shares
It’s asking me to set a price limit
its wsb
which one did you sell?
I pumped and dumped this morning. It was fun. Let's do it every day
Just need to piss on it
This thread will likely have a lot of people feeling a sense of schadenfreude at your expense, but I would like to say that the only reason for this is because, ultimately, you were unable to succeed. 

The only thing that would justify a risky position is success itself. 

"Agent A succeeds, while agent B fails, and although every relevant consideration appears to be the same in both cases, we nevertheless judge A more favorably than B." 

\--*Routledge Companion to Philosophy and Film*
Wait so what even was this press conference? Was any new info released except that they're going to screw New York state?
thats why im loading on JMIA
no funds left for hairdresser
These cucks r actually annoying, tf, he just says shit and a price. I didn’t have a position in NIO but just watching it drop was GAY AF
My FD's would appreciate
Thank you Alex very cool!
TOS app finally implemented system light/dark
Human centipede type stuff.
all in stay home stocks
Moderna results are gonna be more important.
Probably a tweet, market reacts like a giddy teenage girl to the smallest of headlines
I second we meme SOLO
Where is NIO's Elon though?
SOLO
Upgrading to shrimp flavor tonight I see.
Alex Azar, former pharmaceutical lobbyist, member of **K**appa **K**appa **K**appa fraternity.

Talk about draining the swamp and filling it with even more disgusting creatures.
No stimmy
How did that happen within the span of a couple weeks
[deleted]
Yeah because the vaccine isn't coming out anytime soon; demand for bikes is so high they cancelled their black friday deals and lockdowns are coming hot and heavy.

Can't cuck $BECKY
Oh you think all corrections happen in a day and it’s already over. That’s cute
How did you know today was the day it would crash? (And not any of the last 20+days)
He almost conceded 😂
Nothing in particular, really
>You’re retarded. It’s gone up 3000% it’s not a fucking growth stock anymore it’s a GROWN stock.

Pack her up boys! I guess November 13, 2020 is the highest nio will ever be. Zimzamble said so.
>rich as fuck  
  
>business ain’t going well, looking for shady methods to fire employees  
  
>post mostly on r/pennystocks
I say we meme SOLO
Wtf just happened to baba
APPS or U pls
Spray on mango missed his hair today
Already there, always have been. The sooner voters realize that the sooner we can get a little more socialism for regular folks.
if my mango got white fuzz on the top, has it gone sad?
WTF?  Chocolate Chip. We might be old school but we the best school.
Down
Good news presser?
Please deliver
he literally said it in his speech already
Ban
I lost 30 dollars trying to save my nio debit spreads that would have been fine 🙄

Oh well. Still up for the year.
So he's the president of u.s & a?
Damn it’s almost like NIO did the exact same thing as last week, except we get a little bit higher each time. Hmmm bears are gay? The gay bears are the same people Elon musk is paying to write articles to try and shit on NIO because he feels threatened by them what a cuck he is. Can’t wait to see NIO pass Tesla in a few a years when they control the EV “gas station” market in China
i shorted at 154 today, covered at 150.5 and shorted again at 151.5 end of day. This thing also gives up gains
Wobble
Nothing is a guarantee but it's better to invest in a few Chinese EV companies instead of putting all you money into one. Those two seem like the best bets right now but Li auto could be the one too
That's his greatest trick--convincing you dumbasses that he had a secret plan
Is that what your daddy told you in bed when you were a little? So you're a fucking retarded fgt who wants to sound intelligent? Lol I'm good
Mango had to mention the stock market...crash imminent boys
did you sell them today or are you holding over the weekend?
That bitch not going to until real solid data comes out. Words don’t shake zoom. If data is bad, 600 is the next stop no doubt
All I learned from that was the word “expeditiously”
$70k turned to $120k. Monday it will be $500k at least. Sunday is supposedly new car announcement.
Playing boy sides like Sony and Microsoft?
SOLO
MyPillow got a vaccine coming
Same and bought some puts, sold them and bought some calls for next week 😬
Pretty small sample size too. 94 people?!?
Stfu holy
WSB when Citron says go long on NIO at $7: haha lemon you dumb fuck it's now under $2!

(NIO eventually rockets thru $30, approaches $40 and WSB fomos in.)

WSB when Citron says pump is unsustainable and mentions realistic PT $25: omg lemon you fucking ruined us, who the fuck do you think you are reeeeeeeeeeee
What if it’s a fixed clock that’s broken twice a day 🤔
bro u posted this on here robinhood and options. just take the L at this point
Looking back at the SPY charts, what was it that triggered the September 20 drop? I forgot already.
Damn, SPCE is like the cold McDonalds fries under your seat from that time Jessica farted and everyone thought it was super awkward but kinda funny
We need a new meme stock like JMIA or something
cant tell if ur being serious or not but either way ur retarded
because it's fucking reckless.
Im down $5500 for the day on NIO and I'm chillen. Enjoy your weekend, keep it off your mind. Monday and Tuesday will do us right.
i did but this pattern day trader shit i didnt close now monday iv will surely fuck me
The most important thing here is that Donald Pump has white hair now
Trump is low energy lol
Clearly you've never lost a lot of money, then came here and seen somebody lose way more.
PTON HOLDING STRONG
... One company are you real? Good job...
You get one NKLA stock.
Yeah, just waiting for a catalyst.
Is this good for my puts
The VP considers 4th grade vocabulary articulation
that's the play
Mods
Just gone to get cigarettes
This guy can't be serious. Your sarcasm sucks, I hope. God fucking damn it
why can't vaccine news wait until sun evening dammit. now whole wknd will be virus news
It’s Weeble
who's this dime they got on cnbc right now
I honestly thought trump had more up his sleeve. This was just sad
Missed the presser, anything groundbreaking or just mango rambling?
Call and they’ll reverse it if it’s not something that happens often
Real talk is it time to start hoarding toilet paper for the mega shits I’m gonna take this holiday season?
I don't think my 11/27 calls will hold value that long but I'll look into it

Edit: joking but really want the quick bag to dump all into Palantir for that long haul
As much disdain as 🥭 deserves for letting the pandemic get this bad in the US in the first place, he does deserve some credit for the success of Operation Warp Speed...not as much credit as he’s taking, but some...
the WSB cycle

- 5 actual smart people tell the sub why they should buy XYZ stock

- 20 semi-smart people listen to the DD and buy in

- months go by

- XYZ erupts 

- 25 people post massive gain porn

- 9 million retards get fomo and decide now is the time to buy

- run up continues for another 2-3 days. 

- smart money cashes out after influx of RH traders catch on

- stock crashes >20% 

- 8.99 million retards complain and only 5 brave souls post loss porn
NIO may come out but they need to ramp up production capabilities before the others have a firm grip on the market. Tesla recently opened a factory in china and is coming out with a cheap option. Build quality on a Tesla I think is going to make NIO feel like every other chinese car. Hopefully both companies do well
Everyone thinks it’s already going to be green Monday?? So you mean red?
Welp...time for some Beth Harmon
Alex, come up here and suck my dick
I swear his hair was blonde a week ago wtf happened
“But bruh I read 1984!”
[deleted]
fLaIr PlZ
gotta keep that dry powda' guys, but stay long
Rest easy ready for when it opens 7% down on Monday
Bet
😂😂😂
You’re Retarded.
stock manipulation, where tf is the SEC
Daily reminder that Andrew Left is a 🤡
Too pussy to buy anything today, but look on the bright side, you can't lose if you don't play
If they add Valtrex into that cocktail I'm in.
Yep..fuck me...his name is bill. Bill ackman. Pretty forgettable honestly. Dude sucks shit. But yeah, that ones on me🙌
Should be good
BoA giving me a 25 dollar fee for paying my credit card 1 day late.  I don't think so fuckers.
SPY is like 80% correlated with COVID cases. Calls on both
r/captainsparrowmemes
Just bought a Pfizer vaccine dose on ebay have fun getting the virus idiots

###
dick cancer
DONALD TRUMP HAS WHITE HAIR WTF
There are different kind of tests, some are more accurate but slow (PCR), some are fast but less accurate (antigen test). No one has been saying tests are 100% accurate, I don't know what you mean by "they were science". Maybe if all you watch is Fox Propaganda News.
2* min
Trump is better when he doesn’t feel the need to campaign. This was more about his legacy. Still a lying piece of shit though.
Shoulda waited a week for that trade. You are prolly gonna feel like a 98 lb weakling in Rikers next week.  Tsk.
Thank god I’m only holding nio. Nio don’t give a fuck about vaccine news
You’re retarded
It wouldn’t make any difference to you regardless. You don’t understand statistics or how immunology works lol.
Why sell cars when you can sell lies
HOLY SHIT DONALD TRUMP HAS WHITE HAIR
oh shit C3.ai filed for their IPO https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1577526/000162828020016443/c3ais-1.htm

very legit co
BBW has a big market share
[deleted]
It is the sound of my brain when I make a play
that’s the future we’re headed into
Many historical backtests indicate no positive or negative alpha created in the long run
>Do people tend to look within their specialty or just follow trends?

You can do both.

I have a background in both government work and technology, so it's kinda funny I ended up picking palantir as my favourite stock this year.
This is as much as 9 strippers make in 5 minutes doing lap dances. Small gain but very porn.
Hope ur right balls deep in spy put
Modern example?
Reminds me of CNN
Let's not get carried away here lol
Yes! Buy the dip, citron probably bought the dip too
RH will automatically try to sell your options if they are OTM around 3pm on your strike day. 

You can try to set limit sells to stop that but in my experience RH cancels them and tries to sell anyways.
C’mon 🥭 tweet some more this ain’t over shit
They’re very similar
[removed]
which parts were the wins?
Time to inverse WSB. Bigly green on Monday
If I were a reporter at the WH: 

“Mr. President, you’ve repeatedly called it the Chinese flu, but do you have any thoughts on the Chinese EVs?”
are you still in on FVAC?
My spidey senses are tingling 

 “SPY all time highs! Dow Jones doing great!” Tweet incoming
Lol I meant retail. $2.5M is nothing for a bank but $2.5M at 31 is literally retirement money if you're safe. Atleast diversify and set up a strangle to protect against downside
You can make it all back by revenge trading with even higher risk!
So, you’re 4,5 down, and holding over the weekend.  Monday could be interesting.  What’s your maximum downside?
"oh yeah? that right bitch?? LOCK DOWN!"  -New York, this weekend....
no the othe way around

the antixvax are not going to want the bidone vax
And that was the best they could come up with. You know behind closed doors they know they are fucked
Hell nah. Holding till 2030, this is a 20 bagger at least
Fuck these guys. I hope they really get shut down.
I have puts
more like getting swept on the first round and skip the press conference
yeah, except for the part where massive amounts of testing is usually done, data collected, and rick assessment done.  But, you know, fuck all that shit since "we" just want to push it over the line and be able to say it was done in record time.
Lol me too, said fucket and got some LI calls when it was at 38 going up to 40.  Quickly got got and smh. Fomo cost me 1500 today
[removed]
Dont worry EM fucked me in all positions
That shit didn’t even make ZM break 400
Bet you don't even know what communism is.
Did they even talk to PFE and MRNA before making this press release? They kept saying shit like "PFE will apply to FDA soon and MRNA will announce results next week"....etc. yet not a single person from these companies present.
My holdings could care less about that conference
Too early
It's full of paper handed novice retail traders.
I feel attacked
Bro they said EV that’s a buzzword, BUY NOW
19 gang, never selling
Company IPO'd, company didnt do shit, people sold, company did some shit, people FOMO'd back in, EV is the hottest trend so people make stock go choochoo now.
Omg bears screwed again😂😂 the end is near guys everyone sell!
That’s what I say about girls reactions to my dick pics
that is what stormy said
what?
Who the fuck is buying this stock for the amount of vehicles they are currently producing?
Thinking of a play in PAWG or PAAG, whats the play?
It’s the best DD available
🤣
Glans-D
Rather than taking 1hr of questions, this is how he should have done things at the beginning of his term. Reporters were eating him alive back then, and I'm sure that's when he lost a fair amount of people
The show looks like complete shit, and I like Star Trek. The second I heard they changed the captain from whatever they were going to be to a black woman for the sake of diversity I knew it wasn’t a project I wasnt interested in.
Mikey please pray the gay out of spy, I got calls. Amen
Grey hair low energy mango... SAD!
This is the real answer but people have now politicized a vaccine. 2020 is showing America’s true colors lol
Welcome comrade.
[deleted]
whats the deal with earnings, seems like you have to actually read the balance sheets and not just look at eps to get some sort of confidence, and even then it inverses ur expectation. are u planning on selling prior?
130 secret service officers quarentining for covid 😬
NIO is too gay to fail
125k isn't massive yacht money though
Walk off home run
What the flying fuckery dookery oki li dokey li flanders shit is that
It grew 500% in 12 months, boomers get 5% a year return on ETFs and get hard, just wait until January and February and load up on calls
You’re retarded. It’s gone up 3000% it’s not a fucking growth stock anymore it’s a GROWN stock. It’s already valued more than the biggest companies in the world. Even if it did sell the same amount as all the other car companies IN THE FUTURE why is it valued more than them NOW. Where is the room for growth now that it’s basically the largest car company before it’s even sold cars?? Why would it keep going up at this point? The literal perfect future is priced in already
I will never get those 20 mins back. What a waste of time
Because they will get pumped over the weekend
It’s just market manipulation, Someone was salty cause he missed out on NIO earlier so they wrote an article
Dude I bet Tesla is paying people to write shit articles to scare people into panic selling and trying to affect NIOs gains because they want to dominate the Asia market. Sorry Elon it’s not happening the people of China chose NIO get over yourself and accept that you have a competitor that can actually go against you.
[Calls on COVID](https://imgur.com/a/K7lygeR)?

I went balls deep on IWM puts earlier today. We're going to get another shutdown. 

92 contracts of 3/19 IWM $150p. 

Let's do this.
You know he wouldn’t use “mini mike”s Bloomberg
Car go fast stock only rises!? Can't go tits upwards
I 100%’d it too brother. We’re eating like kings tonight
Salute to all our fallen retards who bought NIO weeklies at the top, we will see you all next week 👨🏼‍✈️
u/Onihs do you have anything to say?
I’m in for 241. I should’ve gone with LEAPs.
This whole COVID situation has outed the people that think that doing everything wrong shouldn't have consequences.

OP included.
big nothingburger

long AMZN, ZM, SQ, PTON, PYPL on monday
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Just like how mango took credit for the SpaceX launch
They are going to get fact gov contracts.
Broke quarantine too while he had covid to check on construction of his new house. Please lecture me about how I need to sacrifice my income for the great good though, dems.
and they shot up quickly after which is good. history repeats itself
WOW.  I mean fucking WOW.  They just walked out there, stroked themselves, threw shade at Cuomo, lied their faces off for half an hour, and left without taking a single question.
He pulled a JR Smith and dunked on his own bucket
You heard it here folks. Shut down all the trading depts of the big banks. They should all just go long.
This is the only comment I've ever seen on WSB that has ever elicited a true guffaw from me. Thank you, stranger. If I had any money I'd buy you an award
The fact that Nio flipped after being up like 10% today to down 8% makes this absolutely amazing
Well he’s Chinese, so he must know! 😂
LOaDeD tO TeH CuCKinG GilLZ
Yes
Monday is gonna be so fucking red lol
#
What a big nothing burger that was
On the contrary, I love seeing nothing but NIO dick sucking at ATH's, right before crashing. Any time WSB is covered in memes about one stock, you know it's hit its peak.
is Pfizer mixing Viagra in with the vaccine? Asking for a friend
We got "read from a teleprompter" Trump... Boring!
My cousin’s boyfriend has a sister that works for a guy that has brother in LA county’s dmv told me that they are going to demolish disneyland to put up a tesla factory
Fuck it
Thanks
Yeah instead of taking care of it, he is tweeting about how tests are inaccurate.
😂
Casinos are closed, gotta get my fix somewhere else
Retarded bot
I started trading in July and thought I missed out on the potential. Luckily over optimistic news on a vaccine gave me a chance to prepare.
[deleted]
He left that conference and immediately checked Yahoo Finance
[deleted]
Run it through a business and pay myself through investments into a solo401k, health savings account, health insurance paid, basic living expenses paid, and possibly make a non profit to cycle some money through if you need a side way of feeding yourself with significantly less taxes. You can take a $300k tax bracket and shrink it to a $20k tax bracket if you got creative.
If you vote for me I will go on CNBC every morning as President and pump Chinese EV stocks like a proud American 🇺🇸
Lol when watching this press conference if you told me it was April 15th I would have believed  you. That made no sense for today.
What a clever come back that was. I'm interested to know if you're able to hold a conversation without swearing. 

Protip: itll make you sound more intelligent if you don't swear
Pence?
[deleted]
U mean Chinese Taipei?
SOADs new releases are lit, hope there’s more to come soon
By his silence, I think he did.
[deleted]
more
someone in the press "YOU LOST THE ELECTION SIR?"  trolls be trolling at the end
yea smells like a dump
This hurts on a WSB level and a political level :(
Dead ass at 3%
JPOW will be printing all night and day
Evil mrna printing monday
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SPCE**|**$24**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-04**|**$1.03**|**$22.27**|**509**|**279**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgt166se74o07209ky0jiuw) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/kinggoku123/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
I'm not taking the vaccine until its been properly tested. Politics dont affect my health
You want free options trades? Join the newly created sub wallstreettrading!
I shorted this morning on the bubble celebration and elation here, and covered end of day. Made over $9 a share in a few hours
Trump looked real sad walking out. I wish I could give him a big hug and take him to McDonald’s for a J Balvin meal on my dime. I’ll miss him.
They didn't even develop it they're just going to help manufacture it
Elon bitching but he got covid.  lol
I’ll come to that, thrice
Of course the fucking pussy doesn't take questions.
Nio to the fucking moon ,mars your mom's asshole, nio to everything, fuck your puts bitch
[deleted]
Awesome, so, T admits to corporate socialism.
True, but if your dad is ultra wealthy then $125k a year feels like poverty.
You cared enough to reply.
I’d retire
wait until he hears about how long turkey takes to cook
>Ultra-high-net-worth individuals are defined as having a net worth of at least US$30 million in constant 2018 dollars

8.33% of $30M portfolio still dumb
its the average conference circle jerk with no new info
Lmao 🤣 those reporters blabbering
It is just the lighting.
I too, have no brand allegiance.
I work for profit. Up, down, who gives a fuck? I trade options.
I didn't buy the second it went public. Down millions. Fuck you.
Waste of time...
basically that was a retirement ceremony.  Actually wasn't bad, the vaccine developments are really an amazing feat from a scientific standpoint.
It’s good thing he had nothing to say about it. Silence sort of implies acceptance at this point.
You didn't sell during the massive fucking dip? You belong here 😂
Bet
What’s stopping my from liquidating my assets and just buying nothing but 10c 12/31 Ford leaps.

Fuck it it might work.
**Will you admit you lost the election, sir?!**

Savage lmao
Mango hit a game winning 3 and walked out 💯
lol what a pussy
I want this man to read me soviet bed time stories
Lol okay bot.
ITS NOT FUCKING GOOD TOM
Sir.. which vaccine can help you win the election, sir ?
Lots of profits to take on some of these runs - rotation was a good excuse to take some money out and buy back in on pull backs.   I.e. Who tf would want own ZM at these prices?
I like how his lemmings clap to mask the reporters asking questions.
Well wasn't that just pathetic.
I have 20x 295c that expire 11/27 lmfao, I’m right there with you.
Mango looks so sad behind that thin shield of confidence
markets can't be arsed anymore with this bullshit
Well this aged poorly
No questions?

We just supposed to believe the propaganda?
This is top 5 comment I have seen here and that’s sayin something!
The claps to drown questions what a pussy ahahah
people are so fucking dumb.  they see things that they have no goddamned background in and are like, "holy shit, that shit's fucked up!  they're doing it wrong!  they're cheating!".. it's how ancients ended up worshiping the sun, sacrificing babies to the monkey god, etc.  so many fucking morons in our society
That's what I do after i nut. thank you very much and turn around and leave
I'm sure he won't miss the opportunity to speak about 5 more times, but they should have had this sign language lady out there for other events. Makes it seem more bland and mundane, which is probably what would have drawn more average people to vote for him.
Your mom’s naive!
Pence looks like the type of guy to eat lemon based desserts.
I wud nut
This a Wendy’s sir I’d appreciate if you did not address my poor investment decisions
I didnt, but I missed selling my covered calls for 11.65 a pop and he tanked the shit out of my credit spreads.
Modern was the only company Pence mentioned. Hint hint
A clap is the percussive sound made by striking together two flat surfaces, as in the body parts of humans or animals. Humans clap with the palms of their hands, often quickly and repeatedly to express appreciation or approval (see applause), but also in rhythm as a form of body percussion to match the sounds in music, dance, chants, hand games, and clapping games.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clapping 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
[deleted]
Hope so, went all in on puts end of day. Market has been super hyped about a vaccine without knowing when it would be available. Only thing that I thought would cause the market to go up was a new vaccine announcement. The april date given makes me feel good
Where’s your go fund me looking for donations?
He gon!
I see what you did there
Did you say “smart”?
That was a whole lot of vaccine talks going well
and trump trying to abolish the FDA
Haha shifting reporters, love it
Who is clapping?
Dude they cut off judge Judy to announce something that people who can read already knew
You wanna know how Trumps leaving office, just watch the last 20 mins of Scarface
bro trumps hair is genuinely 3x as grey as it was 2 weeks ago LOL
This guy is going to cause the next recession by not selling out /s
Citron Landscaping. Sounds Delicious.
Mic drop
no questions of course. What a beeyotch
Yeah li auto puts printed today wish I had more.
I had Nio puts Today

Fuck y’all Chinese bulls
All the reporter screaming election and 🥭 just left.
What a circle jerk that was....
That's tame description. It's full on sticking their tongue in there
Fuck you. Best cookie or at least top 2.
A lot of “thank you mr. president”

It’s like a goodbye speech.
[removed]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/GoJoop the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Time to watch futures 😂
How do we destroy Citron?
Pure pornography
Lol whoops I read i project tonight they had. My bad. Imagine how many they could have if they could actually figure out how to build a car
Shut your ugly mouth!
My Chinese friend told me NIO 75$ EOM
Ended the day +7%. And I was in nio. Feeling pretty good
I’m down over 50% on my 12 contracts. Hoping you are the Profit Prophet.
Why long lol isn’t this bad news for them or am I just retarded. Or both
what is the market hearing that im not? what new information are we learning here?
Yep.  The purpose is to prevent tax shenanigans, like selling and rebuying on 12/31/20 for a loss to deduct in 2020.
I know right. It really is THAT easy
Not at all. Great dip to buy rn.
Oops was looking at vxx options prices instead of UVXY. Those are still retardedly otm and wouldn’t be worth buying.
Fisker will run up until earnings on the 25th when they put up a goose egg
No one cares
No
Someone should make a montage of all the pats on the back these assholes give themselves durring these press conferences
that makes sense too, buying more if gap down

!remindme monday morning
I’ve seen many wise degenerates convert their calls into puts
lol mango looks funny standing to the side, arms down. always out my hand in my pockets when standing
This wasn't a helpful conference. It feels more like a hey remember us in 2024 because the vaccine was approved before 2021.
More like ginger snaps
^ this too
You write like a fgt went thru a gay conversion therapy. Are you?
So if Trump is president the vaccine can’t be trusted but if Biden is president we’re going to strap you down and force you to get it. 

I love you America.
Why is he addressing mango and not the people of america wtf is this shit
😂😂😂
Some old person in drumpf tower in NY just spit out their tea
Thank you!
Probably Citron
[deleted]
Let me ruin you with this unsolicited tip. 

With same initial amount of £5000 on NIO, you would have earned  £9000 profit with CFD.
Press conference should be marked as NSFW with all the ass kissing going on.
What this fuck is this carnival game app
it's been like this for a while
NIO holders, I offer you my thoughts and prayers. Hope it bounce hard.
[deleted]
I know I'm sick of the excuses... Jk, you know we love you but we're just worried about you. You used to pump the TSLA stock so hard.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol yea just realized these are stocks not options. Congrats and fuck you
Because they dont really care about helping the general public
This press conference waste of time making me glad I sent in 647 Democratic ballots from deceased people smh
Uppies because more dead = more zoom funerals, less dead = more consumers

Win win imo
Wish they did this Sunday night 😑
He looks like he eats oatmeal and raisin cookies
[removed]
A tangible goal for a functioning vaccine was estimated to take minimally a year and a half. Until, president Trump had a brilliant, completely outside the box idea...what if they made it faster. I was blown away
thinkorswim
He is disappointed because he thought 'ego' meant 'pp'
You'd think Pence would have sense enough to lay low for a year to have a shot in 2024
Watch the FDA deny the vaccine
It won’t really cost you 4K unless you panic sold. Your shares will be back up next week my dude
Why would you even go near a cruise stock right now. The moment a US ship sails and theres an outbreak theres goes your stock.
I’ll be posting this, might just have to spice it up, but the numbers will remain. Hang in there fam ❤️
‘We will fight them on the bleaches, we shall NEVAH SURRENDAH!”
[removed]
Cause the market is not tanking...
It depends, the cut off point is argued between 1994 and 1996
guessing it'll gap down again, finish green. then it's upwards
[deleted]
Wrong spy went to fucking 365 then dumped so it will go up to 370 just to burn all the shorts to death then dump
Don’t hold through earnings Jesus Christ.
Fucking disgrace. Back to the Masters
why does he think having all these ppl on stage kissing his ass is gonna help him win
[deleted]
You are just NOW realizing this?! He is a toddler and just got told he has to share. It’s not going to end well.
Glad i sold my NIO shares tbh , /r/investing , /r/stocks AND /r/wallstreetbets gets on it , its time to abandon the ship , easiest 100% of my life
No, its close to being submitted for FDA approval. A whole extra step lol
Proof?
[deleted]
It's this way
[deleted]
hahaha I have 20 , just on the off chance it goes meme
I bought it too early today :/ my option is -44%
why haven't we hit stimulus yet?
[deleted]
How's that loss of yours today son?
Wendy's cust service line LMAO
They all gonna be poppin on Monday
Someone got an extra cup of coffee before speaking. 

Looks like they know something about moderna's vaccine.
We're going to lock you down for 6 weeks and give you no money, bold first move by the 🥱 administration.
[deleted]
I was told this would move the market
bart hanson?
Pence just confirmed regeneron cocktails for everyone
They totally fucked up their short on enphase energy these jackasses mean nothing to me
Sure I had nio losses but over all gains on my $17 contracts, I can afford to be Freddy with these bad boys
I sure fucking hope not
Thanks, now delete for plausible deniability
long on monday
please tell me, i’m new to this
This administration needs to WARPSPEED their way out
*ONE Chinese stock.

The "one" is important. My Chinese holdings have consistently outperformed my US holdings, and that is perfectly normal since their economy is going much faster. 

But when you gamble, especially all in on call options with a week expiry date, of course you're going to lose crap tons of money eventually. That's 0 diversification with huge risk.
Citron said Tesla was too high in February. NIO is pole position in China. People who sold today are clowns.
Yea it’s surprising. I feel like anything short of a new vaccine announcement will cause a dip on Monday
Holy fuck you are so dumb.
Can we talk about just how absurdly bad the new star trek shows are? Like I feel there's something wrong either with me or with the producers.
Access to health care!?! 😂🤣😂🤣
Too bad Moderna already pumped up again.
Imagine 🥭
- Takes the US out of WHO wackos
- sets up operation warp speed in place
- cancels Covid in less than a year 
- fvcks tech and stay at home stonks as revenge for losing

7D chess
so basically nothing new
I work with  lot of early adopters (18 - 30 y/o) who have been upgrading every year just to have the latest iPhone for clout and the people I've spoken to don't think it's worth upgrading from a 11 or XS.

I also use public transport daily to get to work and again, still haven't seen a single 12 so far.

A step further, usually around Christmas my nieces and nephews are hinting that they want cash to get the newest iPhone. Not this year, the ps5 is higher on the list followed by gift cards for online apparel retailers.

I think that lockdown made people not care as much about being seen with last gen phones. Everyone's more excited about getting new clothes and shit so they look good when stuff reopens.

From my anecdotal evidence, I'm anticipating low demand so I'm going to inverse with puts.
Ban this
Elon so annoying.  Like bro, if you got a problem, just make your own tests and boost the stock price ok
Tech was red af today fuck u mean
Selling JD calls for 500% at open. Easy peasy.
Again, thanks for you help! Appreciate it! You’re the man!
O shit! Not a again damnit! I'm in Wisconsin and we all know once one fucking state shuts down its a fucking domino effect
4000. If you sell at a loss then rebuy within 30 days, Basically the loss gets deferred until the next time you sell.
Well it did break out for a big gain today. Played some 0dtes for a small gain. Feels good to be autistic
I can piss in a vial and say you have a vaccine in seconds.  Doesn't mean it works or is safe.
I was following all the tech IPOs that couple week period when like palantir, unity, corsair, asana, and snowflake went public.

What really drew me into Palantir was Thiel and Karp to honest.

The more I learn about them, the more I am convinced in their company.

The real selling points for me is Thiel's ties to Facebook and SpaceX. Plus I think Karp has the personality to build a cult following like Elon Musk.

And the cherry on top for me, is that both Thiel and Karp on the steering committee of the Bilderberg Group. These guys are connected as hell.

Also, you should Google "Project Maven Palantir".
Only WSB can rationalise a global pandemic as a good thing for their credit card rewards.
neopets was my first hustle. I used to run programs that found random items and I would sell the "rare" stuff for actual money via paypal on some forums. I only made a little over a hundred bucks but i was like 13 and felt like a genius
Pence still sucking Trump's pp. Fucking spineless.
Nobody tell him
[deleted]
Y’all are fucking crazy to hold before earnings.
Feels like a funeral lol
Gotchu bro

NIO XPEV LI SOLO FSR TSLA
Vaccine talks going well
Vaccine news
Presidential ass kissing event
its so close only "pending FDA approval". That small thing
Oh you dirty bastard
Oof.   He’s a fister, you think?
na thanks bro
Lol fuck that dude
I don’t think I’m gonna get sleepy bucks to yolo
[One man shouldn't have this much power](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6gd5v/)
Cya then bb, it better moon or else Im in debt
Lmao I'm good Mr. Bloomberg, I'm good
Mikey...heavy breathing
Plz god
I dont even know what this means for my tech and cloud stocks
Man I'm not convinced anymore
Yall chill its gonna go back up. Classic friday dump mixed with a market shorter trying to push the price down. Dont forget that (i think) all of the chinese ev’s today hit ATH’s just like theyve been doing almost every day for a month or two
After earnings it’s gonna dumpster blow to the moon
Lots of dumbass blue voters on this sub that watch cnn 24/7
ZM 12/4 500c
Futures is still open and SPY is still trading. It hasn't done much so far.
lol Pence with the slim podium off to the side
didnt the Pfizer vaccine start a red week in the market? if so, this presser will cause a bigly red monday
Why did stay at home stocks drop today? Lockdowns incoming right? Tf?
Same. This is the 3rd day in the last month I’ve been down 2k to be up passed that the next day/week. If we get up to 60+ next week I’m buying a model 3 😂
HEAL OUR LAND
Amzn, Shop, Pton, SQ anticipated the warp speed conference this Friday no wonder why they been bleed this whole entire week.
Bearish. Spy 352.
So when this vaccine cripples people will Trump take credit for that too?
never again!
All my homies hate andrew left
If it dumps after earnings I just might need this
nice play
Lol this couldn't get more obvious trump's making them stroke his ego
check out for the weekend. dont be stupid guys. wake up on monday.
Have you taken a look at the DXY lately? You don’t need to even own all the crayons to see the chart is going down.
If you buy at close and sell at open you should be good
May an long dai cham mui!
I’m gonna be posting more trading shit on here and other trading subreddits if you want to follow me
lmaooo
Yes, the risks of ADRs are not worth it. CCP can fuck you at any time.
🤡🤡🤡
This is the most ass kissing I’ve seen since last press
Lmao just looked it up too. So fucking funny how hypocritical dems are.
So Vaccine soon is the new Stimulus soon?
https://wendys-careers.com/?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=CPC&utm_campaign=C347590-Wendy%27s%202020-Hard%20To%20Fill%20Markets-Food%20Service&utm_content=Ad%203%3A%20Flexibility%20Family%20Safety&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIpNGBp8GA7QIVoT6tBh2Giwh-EAAYASAAEgKnQfD_BwE
Michael penis
[deleted]
They were talkin major shit and kept hollerin that shit all day yesterday.
what should I play for Monday
Operation kiss mango's ass
Fuck if I know. I've never touched the thing, just found it interesting.
Pence: “oh my dearly beloved leader, I kneel”
I thought I was going mad
Next week my NIO tendies printer should be going to the moon
Puts on entire market
are puppies fucked again after this? $chwy
Ol headass
This is gonna be a sell the news event huh
This is kinda a nothingberger. Waiting for the Moderna news, and lockdown news
Fuck Moderna
Wow. It just dawned on me.

Two possible 🕵️‍♀️outcomes from mango election statement when it does come:

If he contest and maintains he won, promising to take his evidence all the way to his SC...bearish.

In event he concedes what stops him from going out blazing crashing market so he can say I told you so.

🤯
I am a threetard
Dude where did I say 20k cars is 30%? I said if they make that, which actually isn't just my dd, jp Morgan also has that prediction.and if you look at everything how is 30% that lofty? Even if its fucming half that THATS 1 MILLION CARS A YEAR IN 1 MARKET. Stupid fuck. Who the fuck invests in a stock other than for growth potential? They're two years old, how many cars were tesla selling in 2010? Even then you think I have my entire lifes savings in this? No fuxming shit nothing is a garauntee you stupid fuck. At least nio is delivering on their promises and now has government backing. Other players in this segment have been running on hype and fraud for 10 years and they have a market cap of over 300 billion... for 4 fucking cars. Thats the precedent
Actually was so cringe, in fact the whole thing is cringe
Wow you went from +5 to -11 on that comment so fast...sheeple gonna sheeple
This aged well
Did someone write down the 6 vaccine companies?
[deleted]
Spy 340 Monday!
I'm so salty. I bought a bunch of 1dte $45p yesterday just as a bit of a hedge for all my calls, figured they'd probably expire worthless.

Woke up to NIO at $50 and figured I might as well sell them while they were worth a few cents... I'm rather upset with myself.
No
This is so cringe
This is feeling like a farewell thank you event for mango lol
This guy trades on Saturday like a boss
Yea fuck it
Thoughts for Monday based on this presser?
Hoping for a Monday pump back to 108
He sounds like a baseball announcer
So you lost a lot of money on NIO today? Buy high, and sell low? Feeling like your world is crashing in? It’s not. You’ll be ok. You’re risk tolerance is wild enough for you to be here. You will get through this. Take a break and come back fresh. Don’t chase your losses. Talk to some comrades here about how dumb your plays were. If you still feel like you can’t handle life; check out the resources below. There’s no shame in reaching out. My inbox is always open as well, though response time may vary. Worst case, there’s always bankruptcy, and even that isn’t the end of the world.

Hang in there.

24/7 Crisis Hotline: 1-800-273-TALK (8255) (Veterans, press 1)

Crisis Text Line: Text TALK to 741-741

Veterans Crisis Line: Send a text to 838255

SAMHSA Treatment Referral Hotline (Substance Abuse) 1-800-662-HELP (4357)

The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700)

The National Problem Gambling Text Helpline 800-522-4700

**Wendy’s Customer Service Line: 888- 624-8140**
http://imgur.com/gallery/bdFzpLN heres proof of my position retards
This all sounds like a “wrap up” conference - look at everything we accomplished before we transition out.
That's what I was wondering....
Wtf
[removed]
Pump me daddy Pence 😊
You could say I...[bought lé top]¢

Gl 2u2, this company will rise above the digita
Now we get to see the OG of ass kissing
[deleted]
New York is already fucked. People flocking the city left and right. It’s never gonna be the same.
cheaper than 73k per car thats for sure
Alex Azar, lying ass Trump sycophant
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/kirkas8 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I hope mike pence prays with us again. Pray for NIO buyers.
Lmao yea dude kindness is the way
“Know one” puts on Texas public education
[removed]
hindsight bias
Lmaooo trump legit set this up as a last ditch effort to try and make him look good 😂😂😂


It’s pathetic
Dude people are so dumb. Those guys said Tesla was overbought in February. I just sold a put at the bottom. 

Long term NIO is fucking legit. Robinhood traders just panicked and smart people capitalized.
Will  GME  be pumping next week?
My Pton calls are dying. Hope your a good luck charm
It hit $52 a share. That is in no way stable.
[deleted]
WWW...
You think I should sell my shares in the after-hours? I'm nervous of a 10+% drop Monday
Recovery hopes gone

Stimulus hopes gone

Nothing left to hope for, blood red tomorrow 

... until we get stimulus hopes renewed on Thursday
Easy to remember that...
hwg with short squeezes again...just like gamestop for the last 5 years, right!!
This guy's only job and purpose is to stroke Trump's ego 😂😂
this market needs some lithium damn
Ofc, who is gonna take that shiet? Just see how many failures and law suits Pfzer have?! Its literally healthier injecting Cooked Bleach
LOL New York should shutdown in retaliation of all this slander from the Trump administration
imagine rolling your window down and trying to flirt with a girl
[deleted]
This amount of boot kicking is considered pornography
Lmao why are bullz fucked? The old “Vaccine next week” line always works.
You have my vote!
cant wait for the ass gap up monday to ATH!
[deleted]
So how many of you didn’t close NIO calls over 53 today?
Shit I am at the top of the range of gen z and my parents are at the bottom of the range of boomers so I’ll be 70 by time they die. Lol
Operation Warp Speed had one goal: 🚀 my BA calls and ZM Puts
Donnie give me some of that crack u smoking
they go aladeen
got 20x 1120 3c at close today 🤑
Proper fuk
I was like wtf! Can't believe the lemon boys did that minutes after market open. They obviously loaded up on a massive short position right before the tweet then dumped a ton of stock. 

They drop the tweet literally 2 minutes after i was balls deep in calls, but I was like everyone knows this is overvalued right?

Wrong. Went from +50% to -50% in 10 min, what a wild ride. Ended the day green tho, can't complain.
W-W-W-A?
[deleted]
I don't know what this 'Naive' word means but what do y'all think I should throw my money at?
This exactly. Feel free to choose to get a sped up vaccine, but no way you’re forcing me to take it until we see any long-term effects.
Trump really hates Cuomo lmao. Shots being fired at every opportunity.
Just found out I’m unvaccinated. Somehow I still ended up here
andrew left looks like a weasel
I think if we had wheel barrows of dead in the morning there’d be a different reaction than we’re getting now
Price floor is 40. Morgan Stated so so it will be so. It was the reason for the run up. People hated Tsla when it was running up. They will hate nio.
Trump calls the top every time.
This guy blows Trump daily. haha what a puss
4.75
E*TRADE pro. I can’t watch my positions all day so I set stop on quote on SPY 357c FD and NIO 11/20 45p. If I trailed stops I’d have made 2x as much profit. Lesson learned I guess
You write like someone in high school still. Are you?
News is only Friday, plenty of things to turn this around over the weekend
UVXY and PTON calls at close
Gotta get in early, at least that's what my wife's boyfriend says
Love how a short seller on nio is down 3.5 billion and he shits on the stock when its up and everyone just takes him at face value and dumps the shit immediately. Dude costed me like 4k today, hope he gets his fucking balls smashed by the hooker hes gonna buy tonight.
Today was the bottom my man
Trump: “hey when you get up there, don’t forget to shit on Cuomo and you will be rewarded handsomely”
Is BABA fuk
I’m gonna miss the silver haired cunt.  Wait a minute.... when the fuck did his hair go white???
TSLA 450

https://www.thebeaverton.com/2020/11/elon-musk-unveils-advanced-mining-drill-that-goes-deep-enough-to-pull-his-head-out-from-his-ass/
Based on what these guys are saying: I guess we should have voted for Trump
Right. The JMIA call is way more troubling to me. It seems like they are just trying to justify Citrons existence.
Value stocks going to fucking pop. Too bad I invested everything in NIO and LI LMFAO
Who said I didn’t buy into NIO? I’m just not emotionally attached to my investments like a 6 year old. I bought it expecting it to go up and now I think it’s gone way past where I feel it should be
[deleted]
Only the truth offends people
New York on blast.... Wall Street is in New York.... 🧐
Bankrupt movie theater bers r fuk
Man buying Luckin EV puts at 53 today was one of my best trades ever.
Dude if what happened exactly as you described they would take care of themselves
Just got out of the CPA exam, checked my phone, see NIO got absolutely rekt. Nice.
would you care to explain why, i have spy puts but not really confident
Dumaaaaaa chet di
Said everyone puffing on a cig and while drinking some red bull and vodka to wash down the line they just did. 🤣
[deleted]
That vaccine is scary. I'm not an anti-vax but the Pfizer vax is an mRNA vax. If it is approved it will be the 1st mRNA vax ever and no one will have studied its long term effects and it will be rushed through due to hysteria from media. Let retarded blue voters be the ones to try it.
no, priced in
[deleted]
Poor comuo
The cali rare earth mine?
Cap
The monkey's out of the bottle now! Pandora can't go back into the box!
CNBC broke away . . . that general not interesting enough ?
I'll wait for 250
As much as I agree with you this thing will prob still go up another 100% 🤦🏻‍♂️
hey motherfucker , i die on the 20th
Hopefully Nad can help your wife move out after you lose the house.
I hear ya.  I thought about selling this AM, I may not hold a ton longer for now.  That volume is so high though!  Even before today.  Hard to believe that doesn't lead upwards generally

Or at least that's what I used to think
He looks shady as fuck....all aboard retards! 🤣
I haven’t seen this level of ***pump*** since March!
Zoom out on the chart
my DD on nio: literally everybody who was going to sell sold, nothing but up from here. Fuck institutional investors
Me hopefully goes up after earnings
You win
Confirmed
Yeah I'm 4/24 and saving that last one for a good sign on bonus
Alex is giving a sloppy!! Wait till Mikey shows up..
Well, with inflation you really only pull an effective 3%
Is ZM fuk?
Yeah a tested and proven safe vaccine is a year away dummy
NM
Unfortunately, this industry is too new and too speculative to not expect massive volatility. Don’t play if you don’t have the balls
BABA bottomed
So stay at home stocks are RIP?
Already tons of vaccine news out.. can’t wait for Monday to pump 😂
Idk I know I ain't fucking touching it though!
NM
I believe assman over donkey Kong rich
Well I couldn't tell if you're a fucking retard or a fucking monkey ass trying to act like a human  They are quite similar 😂 
And I didn't delete anything I just added some comments I'm glad I could amuse your tiny little brain
If only you could have couple more brain cells to understand standard dev and divergence, you wouldn't be such a burden to your poor mommy who has to go sell a blowy on 6th street 😭
Lol how will you know it’s safe? It’s called operation warp speed my g. Wake up.
Oregon and New Mexico shutting down and more to come. BEARISH.
When is JNJ releasing vaccine data that will pump the market?
NYC closing early means more people can get a good night sleep resulting in increased productivity. Stonks only go up!
They got hit by Citron. They’re going to end up like JMIA.
Hell yea we are
jesus christ you might actually be tarded
downsies
There's no way he takes questions
I would rather comment that I’m not reading that, which probably takes longer than actually reading that just to tell you I’m not reading that and fuck off
Good fucking question 😂
Which of us is gonna curb stomp Andrew Left?
like taking Gandhi from a baby
Close the app after gains
This dudes family being held at gun point by mango or something 😅
[deleted]
At least someone else here isn’t retarded.
Do people like getting they’re ass kissed? I can’t even stand it when people compliment me.
Looking at the uvxy chart... feel another big spike coming?
I slept until 11 because I was up late with this girl I'm seeing and missed out on an easy $1,200.

Lesson learned. I don't have time in my life for both markets and mistresses. She has to go.
As president of the United States I will hold all my press conferences at 1pm Eastern time and I promise to only pump the market.
Is the death ration same as eating in those fast foods?
dudes got more stripes than gadaffi
Caught both sides, loved it
I would ducking think anything that happen last 3 days are but hey let’s go up cause up for no reason
How many flags do they need in the back?
regular, wide angle, zoom
Look at SOLO 3-wheel cars. Look stupid as fuck. Now ask yourself why you still hold calls and not took profits
Real loss porn or gtfo
You mad about missing out on over 1000% stock gains or more on options gains?
amc pumping
I don’t want to watch live. Just tell me stonks will go up or down
Smh some people mirite
Should live in MI, many friends catching the virus and no further restrictions because whitmer had her powers stripped. Every day I narrowly avoid contact with someone who finds out they have it
I can't wait for Monday
Just wait until you inherit your Boomer parent's portfolio.
Pandemic is over, sales will drop
Yes, making it a mandate is a dem choice. The vaccine I’m okay with taking after some testing but I’m not gonna be America’s guinea pig for that won’t kill mr. 

Biden wants mandates and lockdowns.
I hope NIO gang goes out the same way SLV gang went out a couple months ago
It didn’t. I think investors are tired of hearing this.
That was one of the generals Donnie knows more than.
50%
What size butt plug does this guy use?  1.5 inch or is he a seasoned 1.75 veteran?
One to take photos and videos, one to take photos and videos while zoomed in, and third is a decoration that you pay 250 for
was about to call this guy ELON
I like Dumb Decisions.
Central USA is bigly screwed

Freight train doesn't reverse course very fast
I hope you’re right, that wouldn’t be good for 🕵️‍♀️
Yeah I’m interested to see how the 2022 sales year pans out. By then Tesla will have Austin and Berlin factories running full speed and the other competitors will have released their EV’s. January 2023 is when we’ll find out the real winners and losers.
You guys both make good points.
Let’s goooo. My 3 11/27 $4c will go from $0.06 to $0.07 📈
SMH.... And op wonders why he's failing.
One analyst comes out and says to take profits w zero evidence it’s going to cut in half and everyone freaks......classic move to buy back in
Loaded on 2x tesla 410, 420 call, spy puts
[deleted]
Pedo scuba cave.
Thank you and good luck too you. Make that bread.
NIO traded over half a billion shares today. Crazy.
[deleted]
He’s stroking Trump really hard
Bought 5x47p for 19cents ea at open. Nio startrd mooning so paperhanded them at breakeven...they were 30 bagger at one point today. I need the weekend to get over this.

Holding BABA...fuckin cherry on top.
Not gonna bitch about profit but I sold a nio put today for a two bagger and it kept dumping and I wish I was less scared because it could have been a 10x. Anybody have any input for earnings week? Gonna keep an eye on it and play CBAT in the meantime
Bearish af
Link for you illiterates

https://www.santafenewmexican.com/news/coronavirus/governor-orders-statewide-shutdown/article_71de96c4-25ec-11eb-ae44-13887e802aa7.html
[deleted]
It's so scary to think how fucked we would be as a species if a real threat actually hit us, like not some pussy 1% death rate, maybe symptomatic disease shit. If a fucking brain eating fast running zombie virus hit, you'd still have people walking outside saying the goberment can't tell me what to do hurr hurr fake news.
I'll take it if I think its safe, but everything else you said is retarded
FUCKING MOONING MONDAY 🌚
I heard Elon. Calls on TSLA
Right and where do you live some flyover state know one can point to on a map?
If you ain’t buying BABA you hate money
Still hurts if you're retarded and FOMO bought at the top
what's going on w amc
He don’t get along with Como very much
china can't stop BABA, or can they?
why hd/low puts?
You know it’s bad when even the aliens are going home
Wait you said all that comes from Operation Warp Speed, then you say Thanks Dems?  Wasnt this while operation warp speed a melon thing?....I'm confused
“Hold on let me tongue your balls before I start mr president”
Fucking ass kisser
Godspeed
My airline shares are not impressed by this presser
Man that was pump for multiple companies in pharma , shipping and drug stores all in one sentence. Impressive
Freedom of speech
Nah
Thats cute AMC, people still are not going to see shitty movies right now. Wait till after xmas please and thank you.
I love this pos app.
Why watch the news when he will tweet about it endlessly for the next month?
See you at -10% Monday morning
Lol, I was joking. Shoulda gone with “machine that collects trolleys from supermarket parking lots”
If it goes up 2500% and hits $1,000/share, he's going to buy a $50,000 apartment?
Pandemy cancelled 🥭
did you not fucking listen retard , its govenor cuomo who doesnt want it
That's gonna be a big nope from me dawg
JFC he’s a 4 star general too
That’d be a dream plus I could get out of shitty MA weather but the job market is too good in Boston :/
I was up $15k this morning. Finally green all time for the first time all year. But! I live in alaska so I didn't wake up till I had already dropped significantly. Ended the day down $500.

Sold my calls expiring today for a tidy profit, but then was dumb and bought some expiring next week, only to watch them tank all day.

Oh well. still up around 100% this past month on NIO alone, and I have calls scattered through the 7 months or so.
Expepadoupolous
“Alex please go up there and tell them how good of a president I am”
How does a shit company being valued less than another shit company prove anything?
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327367568298897408

Papa musk is doing lot of research on covid now. Wait for TSLA vaccine.
LOL bro yeah man money is money but who the FUCK actually buys these. Surprised it's Canadian tbh, this shit wouldn't last 1 second in our winters.
The absolute state of this place.
What are ya holding buddy
What put you on to them initially? I am just entering stocks, have a few thousand to play with. I know the Renewables (PV industry) so I can make safe assumptions/bets on companies in that sphere. Do people tend to look within their specialty or just follow trends?
expeditiously
Get away while you still can
 
This guy would kill a young Vietnamese child if given the order.  No cap.
NIO after hour still doing micro gap up lmao
Literally thought about this meme as it hit 44. This place never disappoints
Yeah he said April, with closures coming hot and fast and the holiday season this looks good for becky
A M C    A M C    A M C
I buy and trade prts all day and make no monies.

I cry at home and cry on my tendies.

But I don’t have tendies because Richard Fucking Branson won’t get his ass on damn Virgin Galactic to fly to fucking space and rocket my portfolio to space only so I can buy more prts and make no monies.
Geez, now the military is pumping. JFC
No shit, look up an mRNA vaccine, no fucking way would I take that shit
So is spy going to rocket and this fuck with spy calls made a mill? Bro I swear if this true life simulation lol
Solo
Hardly
a lot of people are so i bought puts for december eod
You really wanna take a vaccine that cuts corners for something that won’t kill you? Enjoy being a Guinea pig.
I'm seeing AAL trading up
It’s still up 7% from last week, not bad imo
Expeditionous
Bullish af.
we have the same initial deposit and return . Very Cool! Poger!
Don’t worry bro. we’ll get a big pump on Monday so just make small profit on Tuesday if you wanna sell before earnings
Fact
275 and 287.5
If this does not pump FDX and UPS...I don’t know what will
I got hit with a spruce capital hit report a while back. Same fucking thing. Then later they ended up being a top shareholder (after).

Market peob realizes it ans bug bounce monday.
Am I succumbing to greater fool theory? I do t believe we should be this high, but these vaccine pumps somehow work & travel & airline still pumping so I buy calls & wait m. Interested to see what moderna will release
New to the 3 cameras on the iPhone, wtf do they do?
Its funny how most of the things he just listed have tickers CVS, UPS , FDX, WBA
Trump: "The cure can't be worse than the disease." 

If you've seen enough zombie movies, you know it's time to load up on ammo.
Fuck the Citron dude called Andrew Left.’🤡🤡🤡 Jk it was a good dip buy
FDX PUMP THANK YOU GENERAL
https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6gd5v/
[deleted]
I agree with this. But I'm on SQQQ because I don't expect it. I'll cover if QQQ sniffs $300 and tip my hat to the bulls. Else I'll cover for profit when QQQ dips below $268.
The market: so we pumped for nothing?🤪
The sign language girl can get it
Sometimes
Why not both? 🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️
Better than doing the opposite. There's a graph out there showing what happens if you do the opposite.
See you on the moon Monday
Its in the serum
UVXY puts? Printed

NIO puts? Also printed. 

Meanwhile my GME and SNE bleeding
[deleted]
  

Mango really holding the vaccine hostage against NY lol so fucking petty bro
Big noob question but why does the chart look so horrible when you take a 5y basis?
Of course, you think a short company with consistent rack records of TSLA, ZM, PTON, and more would not learn from their lesson?  They were long Luckin.
General can't read too gud
This sub is fucking ridiculous. You would think y’all have never traded before
What platform? They're annoying to set up on fidelity
Thats CNN bullshit, he could have bowed before 🥱 like a conquering king, do you really believe Don Lemon would praise him for it?
How many of you guy are holding JD. I hope to god not many or my calls are fucked
Texas is a retard state, no thank you
If people voluntarily followed the guidelines, we wouldn’t have to make these mandatory.
He said it he said it!
I just loaded up on some PFE calls :)
what strikes?
One word: straddle
nice, good buying opportunity

biden admin will likely push forward on the google antitrust case, which will be good for ttd
He said it’s the governor that didn’t want to rush it.
Recovered 10k after pre-election stole my tendies
Doggy?
Probably because the resistance hasn’t set up yet because it’s at least 2 weeks away from ath at this pace
Bro it up like 10% AH rn
Fucking tried to tell ya'll

https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6gd5v/
I mean yeah but I buy lottos all the time with like 2-5% of my account value. It’s fun as fuck and when they print it’s a hot ass %. But like who’s selling that at .01? That’s a waste of an option. I’d rather throw away $1 than be subject to limitless losses.
I’ve never seen such a “Yes Man” in my LIFE.
i'm just sticking around to see trump get grilled by reporters questions
Are they more popular than Tesla doe
Value is
I’m turning back on the masters this was a complete nothing burger
How weak is Nio that one short can cause that much disruption..
Imagine thinking Monday will be red when Mondays tend to be the strongest rally days.
Big vaccine news on the tele now.... pretty sure a gap up
Clitron suck my pp
Gen pop should have it by April. Lot of bullshit to wade through to find the real info..
following market trends is never a bad idea, hope you gave yourself enough time though
No vaccine for New York lol
we're about to reach peak anti-vaxxer in the US

get your popcorn, this will be entertaining
Valid points.
When did he become 🥭?
alright, so the gist of this presser seems to be PTON back to ATH
No. I’m autistic not retarded. About 50% tho
🥭 would have gapped up in the election if he did this pump regularly. Instead he ignored rona paid the big price.
It must hurt being that retarded
Just Google "solo 3 wheeler". Thinking again you are probably looking at the car already.
Fair point, I hope I didn’t sound too confrontational.  One thing to note though is that even when driving manually, I’m certain the car is still gathering data with their cameras
BIG FUCKING VACCINE PUMPS INCOMING
You can have my spot.
My pp got so hard thinking about this
yeah right? lol
Uhhh
All y’all complaining about lock downs should come to Texas. We have had more than 1 million cases and no one has said anything pro shutdown since April.
[deleted]
I lost about that much too but I’m up 49% for the year on my long term stuff so I’m not complaining.

The market is weird.
We are talking options here aren't we? It's all about timing. thats literally what an option is.  You can buy a leap and have it plummet to 0 after a year, or even 3
we aint holding long term lol we doin daily flips here
Are my 11/20 and 11/27 $baba calls fuk’d?
Imagine mango’s sole purpose of this press is to tell everyone top is in
Like a true boomer
Same for nikola, but look where that went. Retard that goes for everything
Wrong! It's buy high, sell low.
Only reason I’m long right now is because there are too many bears and market tanks when least expected (ex Election). P/C ratio is high that’s a supporting indicator.
Priced in
It's been on my watch list for over a month, but has only went down, even with all the EV/ China hype. It pops at earnings but then settles back to 7.
listen Mango , either pump or dump the market , wtf you waiting till 4 to bore everyone on a friday for?
Half the sub is gonna be gone when nio tanks next week lmao
Go away
Fisker is better than nio prove me wrong
TTD gonna dump next week. Huge mixed shelf offering
so how fucked are my 11/27 and 12/24 stay at home/online retailers calls chwy atvi amzn ostk
As if anyone cares, there’s more fish than people in that state and it’s a desert.
[deleted]
StimulusTalksGoingWell.exe stopped working a couple of weeks ago but luckily we have VaccineTalksGoingWell.exe running now
fuck you
How successful in % is buying before close and selling @ open ??
[deleted]
This is my favorite thing I've found in Robinhood
That spike today at 3:20 was me xD! Volume so low couldn’t fill my order
Lmao why did trump say nyc can’t have vaccine? Straight savagery
calls on RTX and LMT. Bombing the virus coming
Bulls*
Where the hell are you getting your numbers?
Donald just BLOW IT THE FUCK UP. Just say 3 million votes got stolen from you and that you won. PLEASE
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1570677X06000074

DEATHS RISE IN GOOD ECONOMIC TIMES - SCIENCE BITCH

BULLISH AF
Bought some baba 280c 11/20.
They will kill earnings for sure. They are more popular in China than both xpeng and li
Just put the vaccine on Amazon and let us Prime members quickly get vaccinated while the poors wait for weeks for their vaccines to ship.
Ban
This just all sounds like socialism to me.
This dude looks like a sitcom general
[deleted]
Monday gonna be red af, orange man said stock market was at ATH in his speech
I have many friends. Many, many many friends
Only have shares, but am happy I guess
Looks pretty bearish honestly. No bullish market goes up and down like this retardedly
lol gtfoutta here
No, it usually stays flat
Reading this has brought me joy on an otherwise immensely bleak day. I thank you.
[https://blog.autonomoustrading.io/citron-research-needs-to-be-investigated-by-sec-and-fbi/](https://blog.autonomoustrading.io/citron-research-needs-to-be-investigated-by-sec-and-fbi/)  


[https://aitradingbot.app/2019/05/15/investors-lose-their-life-savings-selling-short-shopify-on-morgan-stanley-and-citron-research-downgrades/](https://aitradingbot.app/2019/05/15/investors-lose-their-life-savings-selling-short-shopify-on-morgan-stanley-and-citron-research-downgrades/)
Loaded up on SPY calls, ZM puts, HD puts, LOW puts, BA calls before close today. How am I looking? 😎
I've been thinking napalm lately. Or white phosphorous..?
[deleted]
y is aal drilling after hours
It was going fine until citron opened their mouth
Hell yeh
Probably dkng idk I'm retarded
I bought all the way down. Still green overall, but whoof...
Donnie is booking it after saying “thank you”
They delivered 360,000 cars in 2019 and 315,000 in 2020. Where did you pull those bullshit numbers from?
Bears*
LOL. That's how he can't have Covid-19 since its hard to land on his head because its too  slippery.
dumbass
Lol covid is bs
[deleted]
And like always why?
Because everyone has faith in j pow. Imo he needs to let shit crash. Sure the dollar isn't inflated, but the market sure as fuck is.
AMC is popping off
FUCK that.. there's no fucking WAY I'm going to take that fucking vaccine, the shit isn't tested thoroughly.
We have as many options for vaccines as we do fast food options in the US
Right there with ya, hold the boomer line!
So do the vaccines include the chip or not
Lol? Is the rest of the world communist?

It’s called common sense my dude.
I completely expected this today down to the penny. This is extremely easy to analyze. Stocks go up over time not all at once
Nothing new. Thought he may announce Moderna's results today, but nope. Lot of huff & puff.
Yeah and barely functioning, I can’t afford to lose anymore brain power
Hey man- just wanted to say I appreciate that you correct yourself and give us fair warning. Definitely builds trust in the calls you’re making.
Since I last posted 14 minutes ago that FVAC would hit $14 next week it hit $14.13 in AH.

Last chance to get in on Monday before that shit goes parabolic when the ticker changes to MP.
Doggy, with a finger in the ass.
This presser blows
Virus talks going well 😌
"We all know" 

Lol, at best its 50/50 right now. NO one knows whats gonna happen with earnings
Not really. It only goes up.
State of New Mexico is shutting down.
Market gonna tank Monday
I saw so many bears in the comments I got worried
OP really knows how to turn on his woman with loss porn. Where can I find a gf like that? Whatever you do don’t show her this sub or she’ll be long gone. That loss is nothing
[deleted]
[deleted]
MACD says it’s coming good..
Andrew Left, rhe guy from citron that said NIO was overvalued and sold his losition...can't stand the guy. Banned from trading for 5 years due to false reports and manipulation of Hong Kong markets. Notorious for making claims about Chinese companies to profit off their declines.
Then take J&J, that shit will be approved too. Zillion year old tech
and my colon
Trump hired a real General to fight the virus.
Congrats! Hope you get a good pump in the morning
I think mango is getting close to nuking NY
Fell asleep and just woke up. What did Discount  Jeff Bezos say last 10 mins?
When your mom won't let you get Jeff Bezos because you have Jeff Bezos at Home
OR?
Calls on mini Jeff Bezos’ lungs, he was able to give that entire speech with a mask on
Fuck taking an mRNA vaccine, look that shit up.
If QQQ hits ATH there’s no resistance past that point
Did you miss click and picked the female emoji or are you a transgender? Did you do this thinking you would get more upvotes? 

OR are you a real female? If so what positions? And how did you get here? Do you need a trading partner?
bought calls, am homeless now
Mention FDX pls
Because cases being high doesn’t mean shit for the economy and Trump will hand over power like every other president has
Don't  yell at me bro
The Don Empire
Let Uncle Donnie take questions please.
SPY AH is not reactingt to this at all
Boy my asshole hurts after today
Don't think so since its gonna be a huge move up or down 10% at least imo
Holy fuck you're not joking 😂😂😂
holy fuck, thats wild
[deleted]
Link?
Gonna be broke af
calls on LLY at open monday a good play? seems that they were the only ones granted some sort of emergency pass
BTU. Coal is underrated.
Can we just nuke Corona?
Dude’s phone is just running on tendies at this point
lil bro????????
Good luck to you brother. I understand you, I like NIO too, just not anywhere close to this price.

They still are only selling 5,000 cars a month, if that. $20-25 is more reasonable, but still wayyy high valuation considering the amount of competition they have with Li and XPENG.
See you back at 50 next week
nah
Sup boys I’ve been gone since before the lection, we smokin on that SPY put pack again 😈
I would imagine the public health data over the weekends sucks - so I would imagine the hard numbers on how fucked we are overall won’t be out until Monday evening.  Edit:  bullish
ZZZZZ
My biggest regret is not holding nio yolo calls and sell on open like I was going to. Then not buying nio puts near the top and instead averaging down on spy. Then I had no more tendies for nio puts again.
Cruise stocks recovered real nicely today. Of course I had a short position.
If anti trumpers wont take it and antivaxxers won’t take it who’s left?
Well, my state just shut down again. Should have bought more calls. Bears r fuk.
Market going through the roof on Monday
🥭 to NY: ‘Drop Dead’
I know... I am going to miss the comedy. He tugged my heartstrings just now
What platform is this to view this flow?
They have earnings on Tuesday with Target and Walmart. Planning to sell on Monday.:) im already up by 500 on both.
If you buy puts on the indices I don’t know what to say. I’m talking from experience in saying over the long term you are fucked. This market is designed to go up and has the backing of the fed who is able to create liquidity at will in order to inflate asset prices.
Why I got calls
I think Pee Ton is the next $100billion+ market cap stock. Change my mind.
Equipped with battle nipples?!?
Haha man that's ugly as fuck...still making calls on it tho lmao
His head shiny as shit
IM NOT DOIN IT! I’ve been autistic since the early 90’s from forced school vaccinations so if I get another one I’ll probably go full retard
[deleted]
The fact that he keep stumbling and keying on key words, does not make this very reassuring...
Did he actually say when the vaccine is ready or just soon and we did it so fast.
why does the market still listen to these schmucks when they're not even credible. Its almost slanderous
#CALL ON NYC?? Imagine this trial Vaccine turns out really shtty and higher fatality rate than Covid itself ??!!
lmao, little shit!
❄️
Last week NIO bottom was 39 this week it’s 44. This isn’t hard to figure out. The day traders play their shit and people get out every day but this just shows solid growth. Everyone freaking out or trying to play 🌈 🐻 on NIO is wasting their time. We all know it’s going up even more next week so just save the scare tactics
King gay bear faucci is dead! Bulls Monday we ride
This. Always been this. Glad not too many have been on it here though.
Thats the beauty of it
1k shares club wya
This.

I told people to take profits this past week but I’m not going to sit here limp stroking “I knew it was going to crash”.

No you didn’t. Let’s see your short position and puts.
nice!
🥭 lookin sassy as fuck out there
You got calls or puts?
It’s still Friday
Yeah over 2 years. Tesla is 387 billion for selling 500 000 over 10 years and constantly lying/being a fraudulent company. Whats your point?
The market hasn't reacted to any of this yet. $AZN is moving higher though.
This guy is shifty as fuck....
Not really, no way would I take one of the mRNA vaccine, look it up
Just a meme but why not. It happened to NIO, LI, XPENG. It's Kandi time.
I shoulda bought puts on Pfizer
[deleted]
Might be Cyber-Pelosi by then.
I feel that a little honey might sway Winnie the Pooh in a different direction. Let’s hope the BABA bee hive has enough.. Corruption and Communism go hand in hand.
Yes.  A true wsb autist.  He binks 100% in a day and what you notice is how much batter power is left? :)
And biden didnt insinuate his victory?

Bruh come on now. They both did.
But it won't be released durring his presidentcy.
I was about to sell my XPEV puts at bottom today but my gf distracted me for like 10 mins and that shit went up again :(
Hahahaaha
ok ok you pass
Daily reminder that Citron did this to fit their own agenda. And they cashed out their puts then went back in. 😩
Yeah I have a lot more in my Roth IRA. that i have been slowly building a wheel plan for. Have to stop myself from yoloing my life savings lmao
This sounds like revised lyrics to The Cure’s Friday I’m in Love
Things labeled as "no animal testing" are really "human testing".
Lmao
That puts you in the upper percentiles around here.
He called the top mentioned ATH again
This is all actually part of the new borat movie. That's Sacha in the presser
Trump is really trying to get the entire US population to take this vaccine before he leaves office
Friend told me to look at MOON. Both our rh crash when you type moo into the search bar
Nice bro keep it rolling. I made a pretty penny on Tesla and Apple calls last week too
Fuck.   


I just need the vaccine and optimism shit to stop so the markets can finally tank and I can go all in on SPY calls to the recovery again.  


States are closing again, cases are higher than ever, talks of impending housing crash, even when everyone is vaccinated so many people are out of jobs, a president that won't give up his position.  


Why the shit won't it go down.
NVDA earnings next week . Keep tech out of your mouth .
.....if you wanna make money that is!
Half of America doesn't want the vaccine, as shown by the election results
20,000 cars is a lions share of the Chinese car market? Do you know how many Chinese there are, and follow up question. Are you retarded? If they own 30% they’ll be fine. Sure they’ll also be fine if they own 40% 90% or 100%. If your due diligence is an “if statement” you’re dumb.
Me. Currently praying
Well as long as they can vaccine anyone older than 60 and healthcare workers, it should help a lot.
Retard
Shit lookin like a mountain range
IV bro; keep DTE long
I really have to learn to use trailing stops more, I had a ton of slippage today by setting stop on quotes instead of trailing stops feels real bad
Dead people can't sue so they all good
I think he said fuck your calls man
fuck it i'm sold
47 shares cause am a poor
I’m just waiting for the finale; ready to move on.
I made 400$ off of 1 call bought EOD Thursday on LI . I’m happy
Monday/Tuesday seems to be good for Recovery stock (Airlines, Cruise ect) then Wednesday  is Red and back to Tech on Thursday and Friday.
lmao that laugh
[deleted]
This guys face looks like a deepfake combination of bezos and steve buscemi
[deleted]
[removed]
I bet everyone that doesn’t want to take the vaccine was calling people anti-vaxers less than a year ago. So fucking funny
Nah he's pissed at fox for their election coverage. Rumors are he's starting his own network.
Whoever this doctor is, he doesnt sound reassuring whatsoever
yeah me neither , gates can kick rocks
"without any political influence". jenniferlawrenceokay.gif
So is Disney going to fill those gaps?
It has a 5.56B float.

No it is not.
Yes.
Because.... you made a poor investment decision?
It will be.
*1/3 the population dies*
Trump trying to get vaccine development as part of his legacy
Bad news = tech moons
All in
ANTIBODY PUMPS REGN AZN
 thats actually insane. im trying to build up my portfolio but if i can get back to my 50k-60k all time high, i plan to dedicate 50% of it to theta gang.

I really like the wheel strat, and i could probably make around the same doing it on AMD for example. but id have to do more research in delta, and stocks with good IV
Though I did just get a rapid test done about 30 minutes ago and the doctor told me the rapid tests give a lot of false negatives, but false positives are much more rare.
Really though Nio was due for a correction. regardless if Andy said anything and look. Only down 7percent.  That’s alright.
Ban for retardation
[deleted]
You can tell everyone that talks in these pressers has been warned that if they say something that hurts the economy they are gone. Every one of them talks in such vague terms about delivery dates and pumps up these other "potential" vaccines as if they are coming before christmas. Reality is that none of these will have wide distribution until at least April and that's coming direct from donald pump
The start of the zombie apocalypse.
It dropped to 40 and then recovered back to 44 almost immediately...calm down brotha, still DUMB up for the year
Right after that October vaccine he was talking about in september
Life going back to normal soon 🥳
Some true Team America shit lol
Loss porn pleaseeee
Governor does trust trump administration and said no to the vaccine
I wonder how many women have fallen asleep at the restaurant on a date with this guy.
No matter what this might be a sell the news event
People compare market caps within the same industry all the time.... I don't know what you are smoking but please stop.
Buy the rumor sell the news, SPY -6% Monday
Inject me with all the vaccines for FD money
Lol
You should participate, worst things worse, you just become more retarded
Hope you sold it already LMAO
reminder: pharma companies are EXEMPT from any liabilities that may come from their vaccines.
Do you know how retarded it is to feel reassured by a retard
This place went from having some actual legit DD and some funny memes to complete trash.  People are posting sub $1k gains/losses, making stupid assumptions and labeling it DD, and pumping and dumping meme stocks.
[deleted]
Please don’t.....
AMC calls big brain play
I like pies
So 25-30m mRNA vaccines per month. Means everyone wont get vaccinated until july. Need another vaccine type to pass phase 3 to be done by April like Trump promised
[removed]
Alibaba $300 calls are cheap as fuck rn by the way
Imagine driving this https://electrameccanica.com/product/solo-reservation/
i mean 🥭 speaking rn will probably pump monday but drop tuesday n rest of week
eventually they will mark me with a number.

I'm not calling them nazis, but the nazis did the same thing to jews
Kinda, basically he said gov coumo is being critical of the legitimacy of the Pfizer vaccine and New York will not be receiving the vaccine until coumo signs off on it
Nah. I don’t panic sell.
Ackman's new CDSs after today: "Y'all got any more of them lockdowns?"
Dunno but I sold my gf's june $25c for 4x.  Bjs are back on the menu.
Yeah you’re not wrong. But nobody ever went broke taking profits 🤙🏻
I get you’re trying to discourage people but we all know it’s a solid company with a future. It’s just the way stocks go they go up and down but up steady over time. Today was just a trim day
[deleted]
Thank you for pumping up the market sir
[deleted]
Lmao wtf kind of question is that dude. Nio is going o at least 35 before a bounce. I think it’s there at warning and plummets to $28
Sad and pathetic he's going out like a loser like this. All he had to do to keep his dignity was admit defeat like a man. He would of at least gone out with some respect. The GOP didn't even do so bad in the rest of election besides losing Prez.
Why didn't they bring someone from Pfizer to this meeting?
This is Jeff Bezos before he started Amazon
All it is is gang banging in cursive
370-380
Can't wait for next weeks episode.
[deleted]
>NIO is not the collective future of EV lol it’s one company

The reason your investing is in expectation they have the lions share in the largest car market in the world. If they own 30% of china's EV market they could be selling over 2 million cars a year in China alone. This is a lot.
I’m pretty sure cuomo refused it lol
I’m about to get tested for Covid but my gnus calls are doing aight so I’m aight
Operation Die NIO Die
Mango salty Cuomo was giving him sass. Therefore NY fucked.
I can already feel myself losing money
Autist
Tin foil hat gang over here
Show me the confirmation.
Kodak has a vaccine ready to go
Bro I’m selling my puts at a loss and going all in on calls because these MM’s will never let it drop again

People die but people are being born so death is natural and market doesn’t care about COVID 

SPY 400c 2/14
I am amazed how untouchable he is despite Trump's downfall.
Yeh I didn’t hear him slip up on anything I’m watching live not sure what this is about
PFE / BNTX

MRNA - good news coming next week

JNJ and AZN - recruited thousands, still recruiting

NVAX and SFI - planned to start Phase III in next few weeks
Who cares dude. We’re gonna pump travel stock so fucking high, we’ll all retire.
Yeah and what have the other two done for anyone under 65?
Me personally, I'm diamond handing an OTM NIO monthly, and I also have some long-dated TQQQ call debit spreads  (in addition to my more sound investments cough cough). I belong here, I swear!
Only if Nancy Pants is still pumping it
So only half of Americans able to get vaccinated by Feb? RIP
Huge vaccine pump going on right now. 

#SPY 369.  

Nice...
Shrek Bezos
GUYS MONDAY WILL BE GREEN OR..

RED. $iamdavid tips appreciated 

*Not a financial advisor*
top 15m people get the vaccine, for the other 5m vaccine the poors need to fight for
$nio 44p on the open went on to be a 90 bagger
Started with roku puts, then zoom calls, then Disney calls; and now this, up 34k!
[deleted]
lol are you me
Yes
Worth it I think
Brokerage account is generally small and aal doesn't ever go above 12.50 for long. Started as a long play but figured I might as well generate some small income to help offset my riskier decisions
*Filing their files*
>I hate listening to retards

I'm confused, you do or do not like listening to us?

Btw I finding it amusing how much you're editing your comments
On Monday will buy more. Easy +5% by end of day
Hey another Ping holder yay! I’m in at 25 a piece and didn’t think it would go any lower but here we are at 20, how the fuck... how the hell is the one only damn tech stock I own a fucking shitshow while the rest of the market is exploding into oblivion
Weak genes
I do know from personal connection. In addition, WikiLeaks have been proven true and the fact you just throw that out the table shows how naïve you are. That or you are just trolling.
So maybe the accusations point out the better companies, brilliant.
No that’s not even close to a guarantee lol
Might be both
You’re already autistic.
[deleted]
Thank you, I wasn’t sure
😮this makes me happy
I hate myself for closing my positions going into the weekend, playing it safe is not the way
It is donkey kong strong this week.  I am paying $0.80 to play with it for 70 days instead of $150.  Also, the max I can lose is $0.80 vs unlimited if I am wrong on the short.  Just ask anyone who shorted NIO at $5...
expect a bounce on NIO and XPEV next week for NIO earnings?
Alright, someone play the music and get this man off the stage
Polished
[deleted]
Im thinking of a Monday dump, Biden honeymoon week over.
long mrna?
Cue COD Zombie theme song
Lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Operation Warp Speed has to be the dumbest fucking name in the world.
Who's holding SOLO options? Calls or puts?
I think your good
Poorboy
low downside then?
well shit nice I haven't looked at Nio all day, been in FSR. 

then lost most gains from DIS calls this morning
which ver administration is next.... very back handed lol
[deleted]
Reporting! Bought 730 shares today!
however JD got room to grow. lots of call action, i posted earlier but it got removed

11/20/20 102C
AYRO based in Texas.
Stuck with NIO calls feels like watching two rats fucking in a dorito bag, and I ain’t talking family size
Operation NIO
Good shelf life for the next lock down.
What is done cannot be undone, but at least one can keep it from happening again. Just so you know, the correct spelling is [Gandhi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahatma_Gandhi).
Trump is mad at NY
Can I just see Kayla and Sara again
Bill Gates was still the richest man in the world after that 50% dip and is the one who bailed out a nearly bankrupt Apple.
im so confused some people saying bullish some people saying the top is in
I bought $BABA calls earlier today. 275c 11/20  and 287c 11/27. Am i a genius or a retard?
$nio 44p on the open went on to be a 90 bagger
I like that
Nov 20 georgia certifies and everything on my watchlist is green
Legit nothing new or concrete. Homeboy just wants to savor his time as pres with these dumb press conference
Why half of my stay at home stocks deep red and half of my stay at home stocks deep green
Lie! We always know Monday is green. The only reason that its red is because its a bug.
Depending on any state lockdown going into effect. I could see it around $39. If not, might rally into earnings.
Can't wait for a vaccine that half the country won't take
Now December
ok..,. so the shit is ready, but lets get a large portion of the population to test the shit out.. uh, yeah, no thanks.  this has been where logic breaks from the narrative..  sure, it's getting 'done' in record time, but the corners that are being cut are the fucking TESTING of it
Like when the burger king starts watering down the sodas
Don’t stress about NIO guys all the bagholders and quitters got out already if they were going to get out today was the day. We go back up next week and over time we go up bit by bit every week
I’m not taking the vaccine
SPY will head up until no bear left and will take a big dump to lurk them again,

rinse an repeat
no thanks. my mom didn't breastfeed me. i suffered enough
Of all the days, i decided to pay full attention to my work and see whhat happens
Open by Easter
you will be rich
Ivanka gone now Jared
fuck er, just pretend she never existed at this point lol
This guy is what happens when you forget Jeff bezos in a car with black leather.
Wait what about NY not getting the vaccine?
Scrolling wsb all weekend searching for confirmation bias that everything will be alright Monday
This guy: _So basically the vaccine is not ready_
I feel personally attacked 😅
[deleted]
what about Wednesday
Lol look at the chart mongoloid. Stocks don’t go up 10% everyday. The fact it’s barely down after a hit piece from lord lemon proves it will be fine
[https://www.whitehouse.gov/live/](https://www.whitehouse.gov/live/)

&#x200B;

Save the link, they always live stream the president
Did he actually?
Were back to where we were two days ago. oh the humanity.
These vaccines are going to give half the population cancer
bought tesla at 20 years ago, rich af now, parabolic stocl back then, didnt give a fuck.

Ergo your statement is for gay bears and putmasters
Why Home Depot if you don’t mind my asking?
“Filing their files”. Thanks chief
Thank you for the advice and for not being a dickhead like 90% of the people on wsb
Papa Culp hasn’t been running GE for 20 years.
[removed]
I WANT TO BE LEVAR BURTON!
Please message the mods this. I would but they muted me
Give it a week and you'll be cursing chinnese Elon. No teddies for those who have forsaken our lord Elon.
He’s just a janitor
Made from oleander!
How much money do I get for getting a vaccine
That's what I heard
will I get a ps5 if I volunteer
I’m never playing spy again, that shit is so hard to predict
Lol I thought shrek
Whataboutism isn’t a real defense dingus. Their past from 1 year ago is being valued at $1 that’s pretty bad lol
trump mentioned that the market is so high right now so its official.
Walmart earnings upcoming and nonstop positive vaccine news.   


I am going boomer stock.
can you quote what orange man said ?
SPY
Same bro made $1000 on XPeng puts this morning and another $1200 ACB shares monday
I made 400$ today off of 1 LI call bought EOD Thursday . I’m happy I guess
Volunteer for trials: I see an opportunity for this sub!
Back from getting banned for politics, just in time for Mango's press conference
Bro isn’t even taking a chance being near that mic 😷
Why do you pump warp speed before you actually distribute anything to citizens?
Godspeed retad
**cough** we don’t have a vaccine....
I’m pretty sure Waymo is ahead of Tesla on autonomous data. Sure Tesla has hundreds of thousands of cars on the road but they’re mostly driving normally. The amount of data from that is important but not necessarily a game changer.
It dropped so much today there’s honestly no way that happens. Everyone who got out already did.
Haven't seen or heard from my gf for 3 days. I should probably try to find her
This truly feels like a goodbye speech. Sad.
why isnt what trump saying bullish ?
Fred was at at least 1
SpaceX launch with humans on Sunday = TSLA to the moon monday?🚀🚀🚀
They expect it will be deployed in April
Could be cured of autism?
Sorry. Im an outsider, can you explain what THE FUCK happened? Who is citron?!! And what happened? !!
[deleted]
Well, NIO does kinda rhyme with YOLO
some of u retards here really need to volunteer for the vaccine
I think nobody knows shit bro. It’s wsb your obviously too busy fending off you wife’s boyfriend to notice.
JUST NAME EVERY BIO COMPANY
where's palantir gang at

long and strong bros, we're gonna get it

also fuck bears
welp should’ve grabbed calls😭😭😣😣
My calls hope so.
[removed]
The tech of the battery is phenomenal,  look at electronics and how all solid state has made everything better and cheaper. Will be the same.   

And if they can scale the batteries then itll be at least 5 times what I said.
I took out the money I put in prior to earnings as a safety. But still holding some heavy diamonds over here.
Someone really said “Jeff Bezos off wish” LMFAO
Market manipulation every single time.... only on Friday.
It's gonna crash right now. The Trump spokesperson mentioned 3 data platform and Palantir is not mentioned ... Good luck diamond handling this
Hard agree, boomer stocks all rallying with covid vaccine news
How yah thinking for Tuesday?
So bleach does work against China virus?
TBP with vaccine supplements coming ARDS-003
he usually calls the top.  running joke on this sub
If you didn’t get out of your Chinese EV’s at open, it was your own damn fault
Good shit man! Wish I waited to sell my puts so I could bought even more calls for next week 😂
Wow. That’s further out than we all thought.
Mitch is a lil bitch
Alibaba Jeff Bezos
It started selling off before then.
monday green?
No, you're assuming THE position.
I agree, but the shit making it to hot on this sub is nothing but hot garbage
Damn goodluck dude.:) im holding target and home depot calls. 10k worth.
MAJOR VACCINES PUMPS
Sold puts bought calls fml
Thank you for taking the remaining credit that’s left on the table, sir!
On a volume of like 4 bucks
PFE's going to moon in the upcoming weeks
I'd never block your monkey ass lol such an entertainment for free!
[deleted]
WSB mods should be part of the vaccine trials, whats the worst they could get double autism?
The majority of the market are AI with gigabit fiber lines trained to fuck you for pennies on every transaction, so no
Well. At least they follow the same chart / algo
When you order Jeff Bezo's off Wish
so around 2.5% a week? wow thats actually fucking insane. is there a reason you chose aal?
This post is significantly better than the other NIO post about the “50 mil”
what did he say
[deleted]
didn't divorce and child abuse also shoot up?
lol yea
Remind us all how many days after election projections were in that trump made his victory speech? Ok then 👌
Dude waited to go to the hospital until after market close. Putting his health at risk to save our calls
Godamn, hopefully
Sure but the laughs used to come from posts like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/cca4bh/stock_tank) instead of 20 "lel NIO go brrrr" posts
Covid been tough on Mr Clean
Distributed by April
I hope you're right. Only big moves happen in AH these days so boring during the day
i dont get it, isnt what trump is saying gonna pump the market
Calls or puts?
Lol like Virginians will obey that
called TD, bought some AH and exercised my 1DTE lotto for quick gains
[deleted]
[deleted]
Rub the fire beans on the sidewalk and burn em if you really want to hurt em- NAK calls FEB 19
...and you just note it could have just as easily gone more in the same direction.
Don’t have to ask - already know the answer is NIO
2025 Coming soon, with stimmy
Trump couldn't find a yes man, so he had to get this bald bastard
[deleted]
Takes time bro don’t sweat it, everyone loses money first. Watch a ton of YouTube videos and investopedia.com
the person doing the sign language on the white house feed is pretty funny
Srs question: Is this the first time they've absolutely confirmed the six participants in OWS?
SOLO
well dont be a retard and loss all of it before those 10 years
I hear MyPillow is coming out with a vaccine
Dude come on. That’s a low blow.
Moderna x2. Here we go. Pump it
Thank you! It’s been a really good month!
I see you PFE come on you cock teasing bitch
Fake scientist
🥭 is literally every kid everyday doing a book report on one he didn't read lmao.
Xpev same?
why ? dont you think trump talks will make the market more bullish
Never gonna see him again either lol
PFE mooned for a hot moment, then instantly sold off
Jesus Christ spy258c that’s deep itm you fucking dummy
It's wasn't her sending those texts.
Will go up or down
So are all the q people now realizing that it was a retarded conspiracy or do they think that this is 80 - d underwater upside down Chinese chess
Open high, sell off
Green open and fade
what did i miss???
Damn this dudes head is shiny
Are we pumping AYRO or FSR next?
Here here brother
It’s January 2022, MRNA is still in phase 3 trials. We do not have a vaccine yet.
Gynaecologist here, pussy type matters
downsies
I don’t trade Tesla
Guy looks like someone did a deepfake version of him but with steve buscemi eyes
This guy looks like a discounted Jeff Bezos.
2000: Al Gore created the internet. 2020: 🥭 created the covid vaccine.
Welp got distracted at work, now I’m holding SPY puts over the weekend, I am fuk
Any other ssbm degens in here that can’t handle the mango references in here lmao
No
right in front of us!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I prefer General Mills. Calls on cereal.
thank you for your ted talk
Really brings out the orange face.
Elon is positive and negative for beer flu. Tsla flat next week. 🤷🏻‍♂️
That’s a big lockdown group
Wait who is this dude? I've never seen him before
This dudes eyes got more bags than my portfolio
If you're so weak that a lockdown will cause you to kill yourself then maybe life is not for you to begin with?
Who's this bald baguette
Every vaccine has been in phase 3 trials since April
this retard comparing Windows OS with NIO lol, anyway microsoft lost 50% of his value after the dotcom bubble so even it didnt made sense anyway
Oh there are 6 vaccine candidates? Wow i had no clue. What a waste of time
Is this cope?
just don't. you will get burned.
Thought it was just my screen. The election really took a toll on him. Too busy to buy hair dye.
Did trump say vaccine won't be approved until April? Serious question.
Comply with what?
[deleted]
Lol
We going up or down on Monday? Please appeal to my bias
yes ofcourse
No
Nvax calls
3% battery and no service, a true wsb autist
*and u get a vaccine...and u get a vaccine...and u get a vaccine!*
How
Good shit man
Everyday.
Poor internet
NVAX ty
JMIA gang 😔
I think you don’t understand how autonomous driving works. Data, data, data.  Tesla has a multi year head start with more vehicles on the roads than any other company, by a long shot.  In California their cars are already capable of fully autonomous driving from highway on ramp to exit, mainly due to the amount of data they have on those roads.

Disclaimer: I don’t own, and have never owned TSLA.  But I do have a degree in comp sci engineering, and my current work is focused on AI
right, but the electoral college DOES decide and Biden is Well over the winning threshold of those votes.
He will
Bro just listed all his postitions
60 by open
Calls on Wilson's leather
Proof or ban.
[deleted]
What did he say? I missed it
Why would I? I said I like listening to monkey 😂
“We are not there yet”
So a well known short seller sets a price target at half the current price of a stock and then investors start selling off, like wtf obviously he’s biased. Stop fucking helping shorts
[deleted]
Calls on whoever shined this guys head
Worse*
This guy needs to rub one out and chill
Virginia just went on lockdown again. No groups larger than 25
Stocks are at almost ATH. He's called the top.
[deleted]
Mad lad with some balls 😎👊
Moderna Pump??
Google white house live
What is the point of this presser. You either have it or you don't. No one gives a fuck about the in between process.
[deleted]
!remindme Monday morning
Five times faster!
Mango looks like he is resigned to jail or courtroom for the rest of his life.

Not long to go now.

ATH and beyond next week
Should have did that today
November 27 $41C
Moderna has been called out
washington post on you tube is streaming it
4 antigens and 2 positive he is covid positive for sure. Fuck
Depression, alcoholism, drug ods, abuse.
Dwight you ignorant slut
Damn my news slow as fuck y’all are like 2 minutes ahead of me
This duse just reading off crumpled papers
WORD
Ahhh I remember my first time losing 5k because of Citron
General Mills
Bought in again today at $42, dipped down to almost $40 though
Oh good, the bad guy from the first Iron Man movie is here
Yo bring back Trump, this guy is even worst at presenting.
Twitter YouTube
yah but vaccine tho
>3.5% returns in two weeks

God I hate boomers
Lockdowns are bullish tho. Lol retard
 Nothing really. Vaccines are coming soon basically
The squirrel that was used as his hair got fired?
this guy look like a bond villain.  don't down vote me
Damn we got Gru working for the white house
Whatever, the 9 weeks paid vacation lockdown I had in the spring was fantastic Donnie, the drugs and alcohol were great
goodbye orange man
Is that a margin call?
Already moved out - working on his book.
Let the real doctor refute all the things 🥭 just said.
"not there yet" ah fuck he fired
Suicides have actually increased quite a bit , interesting
Have 100 shares of aal stock. Otm calls against it.
Feels like I've heard all this before

Great vaccine progress, we're almost there, we have so many ventilators, we're selling them to other countries, etc. etc.
What did he say
premium is too high,
"you all thought that covid would be my downfall. What you didn't know was that I am covid..."
its a documented fact that recessions cause deaths google it
link to speech?

&#x200B;

e: [https://www.whitehouse.gov/live/](https://www.whitehouse.gov/live/)
That's why you have calls and not shares right? Just ride the EV wave into next week. Should be good. I have SOLO calls
If BABA is below 270 Monday morning I’m going full retard on it
I’m still learning how to trade so I haven’t made jack shit 😪
48 then 55 eow
Who climbed up your ass? I'm wide awake after that closing rally.

Its Friday and American stocks are fucking rallying through the roof while Chinese stocks are eating shit on their way to fraud (its inevitable)


Gonna sleep great tonight
This doctor swagging like a Marvel supervillain
Nah, that’s the next goal tho
[deleted]
[deleted]
Losing humbles a man...go..
Right. Seems strange they are choosing the most dilutive way to list. I'm missing something on the appeal of a traditional ipo for these big hype companies.
So what exactly did mango say except "fuck NY"?
I’m gonna name my first child “Operation Warp Speed”
Market is safe, Trump got the silver/white hair today and his face looking tame too.

Only gets crazy when he puts on the mango.
Mango, you are alright in my book, but for fucks sake just concede already and end the clown show.
After approval in April lol
Only states that comply will get the vaxx - fair and square
No way - but given the dude is 100% politics I figured he would be worried about the optics.
Bruh
People trying some daytrading
My stocks started falling during Mango’s speech.

Puts on Mango
Hair is white - Bears delight
Mike Pence is alive?
I think it was more just he mentions it when it hits an ath or breaks a 30 day moving avg which typically sells off.
True.
lol I think my calls are fucked o
Gap up 20%
coming up after this guy, followed by Goya CEO
So trump is saying that we'll start vaccinating folks in a matter of weeks.
Media don’t get to decide who wins. 

By tradition they just project the winner. They don’t certify.
Nothing to do but trade options, bulls and bears both dead
oh yay, they found some people to come up and rub the emperors nuts
Did Trump really fire a real scientist for this clown
Have you seen how much merch Trump supporters buy? Its literally free money lol he will never stop campaigning.
ALMOST ADMITTED DEFEAT THERE LOL
I just can’t with this guy anymore.
Adderall + Kratom
Rope
We gap up Monday. Market don’t care.
30$ a week with what investment?
Is his hair actually white!?
Is General Motors or General Electric going to speak?
What’s the longest break you’ve taken from the market? My degenerate ass can’t even make it 40 minutes past open. My goal is 2 weeks though. I need some fresh eyes to see this market. Guh.
the fonz
I’ll check again Monday to see
Plz mention nvax
LMAOOOOO he basically just confirmed he’s conceding soon
Without even checking I can assume this is just a hot take spinning his words.
I think he just gave more bad news than good
DEPRESSION = DRUGS = DEATH duhhhh
[deleted]
[it’s gonna be awesome](https://i.imgur.com/oGio1Ec.jpg)
Why did mgm moon today?
[deleted]
Papa being constantly deepthroated by every young person makes me wanna not like him even tho I do
They want it, but they’re not gonna distribute it until they get more validity
Now we get to be run by a senile old bat.  Puts on the US.
Suicides, drug addiction, alcoholism...
Sorry New York, no Pfizer soup for you
I’ve been investing for 3 years. Don’t do options unless you’re impatient and risk tolerant. I’d rather choose consistency and you can still make 60% week on some trades
Predictions on NIO opening in Monday?
Mango on that farewell tour. Tickets start at 50 bucks and will slowly dwindle to "pay what you feel".
Lmao. That was hilarious.
cruises down
What is wrong with him? He is so nice
[removed]
Yeah, definitely "castrante" yourself. Fuck sake
what's the explanation for that? Wouldn't that bring in more retail investors?
Fuck 🥭 call the top again
He almost slipped and said *the next administration*
Doctor Saudi?
You really think that he himself took pen to paper
My president is biden, trump was already impeached.
-7% my bad yeah *nothing happened*
So you’re saying my puts are fuk
Are these  calls for next week
They are in New Mexico - I got calls 11/20
I'm hoping that 11/19 first test flight to space goes off with out a hitch
Ba de baba ba de ba ba la ding dang dong la de ba ba ba la de ba ba da de ding dong aledingding ding da dong
Oh wait no 30 dollars lol
How do figure???.....peter Schiff says...
man has casper the ghost on his head
Depression
God what a dickhead
Nice
Ok, so block me
Trump understands COVID very well because its in his veins
[deleted]
they said same thing about Shopify 3 years ago, shares went from 120 to 90 but look at Shopify now...
Stfu
Did he just slip up and admit he might not be in office lol
how does lockdown cost lives?
You’re right I am retarded. May you be blessed with tendies.
Better than my 60c 11/20 NIO calls, but fuck it, we're fuckin blasting off next week baby
30k
PBS just put a fact check up on screen saying "JOE BIDEN WAS DECLARED THE WINNER OF THE ELECTION LAST SATURDAY" lol
Lockdowns cost lives lmao what
Almostttt yeaa i was waiting
2024 or tv network?
LOL so close. That was awesome
If he is actually ultra wealthy 2.5 million isn't a big deal to him.
Bears watching this while jelqing
Lol he was about to say the next president but stopped himself.
Sitting on my Covid mask in my back pocket and farted wet, yikes!
im fukt monday
He knows he’s out. He almost said it.
Typically the market dumps after he mentions how great it's doing.
More covid deaths = more stimulus.
Wow that’s the closest to admitting defeat we’re going to hear
EXCEL?
Hope you’re not holding any puts over the weekend 🌈🐻
He has PFE calls riding this weekend
Close
Lmao which administration
Tuesday
Whoops. Almost conceded there for a second. Saved the pump.
DEPRESSION? ISNT THAT A FANCY WAY OF SAYING SAD?
they were right on Luckin coffee tho
Aawwhhh donnie is sadds
He almost let it slip that he's giving up.
You never know he may come through with a fist in the ass.
Quite the combination of facts
make sure you're the first to sell or those numbers are fake and gay
He dont look so good
So short it
STOCK MARKET!!!!!
That didn’t age well
Lol at trump still not believing he lost
Who knows which administration, who can tell.

Bullish
Massive debt due to low rates... someone's banking on a burst
Yup. My literal plan in ten years is to sink 65 percent into safe dividend stocks and just forget it.
Lol quick save almost admitted he lost
His options are Investments and Pies, what else is there to understand?
Oh trust me I really enjoyed listening what you monkey brains have to say about stock market!
Stonks are up! Thanks Don! You did that ALONE!
I highly doubt it. You’re gonna be rich
Yo, Donny, the election was last week. You can stop pitching now.
ok Jack Ma, we all know you are fkg autistic, damn, you can't even talk properly, but there's one thing you are better than anyone else at, one thing for which you are known and considered a legend in China and around the world. Blowing the CCP's pp. I'm counting on you man, don't disappoint Ma. Make Xi smile
NO LOCKDOWNS. sucks a cock bears
I bought 100k shares of nio at 50
[deleted]
You're the kind of idiot that will not take a pay increase because "muh taxes"

It's short term cap gains. Wtf is a CPA gonna do with that?
Nipple rings said he won't take them.
15 days to slow the spread.
he almost said biden administration
ASTRAZENECA TO THE MOON
I still see people with Trump 2020 hats. They don't know how to turn it off.
"we went up less and then we went up more which is quite a combination of facts"
Market is not amused
we went down less then we went up more - which is quite a combination of facts

yes it is
What happens to the options I still own? Can I sell?
While I get constant reminders during commercial breaks , watching the Masters, that i am stuck holding these fuking RKT bags
[deleted]
You should have corrected me in the first comment. I have calls too. Retard
wait what we inversing mango?
lmfao no mention of Moderna 🤣
puts on americans and stonks
what is your drug cocktail for the weekend? meth + Adderall + tequila?
That way
Ahahah no lockdowns get fucked retards
TRUMP YESSSSSS
Down less up more! Lol
Idiot
Did he just admit that he lost?
Lockdowns cause lives...that's pretty funny
[removed]
 Today I went down less and up more - which is good
Yes. For a REE mining company that provides 15% of the worlds rare earth elements and makes up 9% of EV magnets in batteries. Only REE mine in USA. China monopolizes the other 80% of world REE.US govt NEEDS this company to do well so bipartisan support behind hit 

CEO says they can grow from 30 million to 250 million by 2023 just on EV demand alone. Ticker changes to MP on Tuesday. MP materials. It’s going up BIGLY.
5 months away...
Lmfao sooo close to saying next administration
[removed]
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/can
No lockdown for Trump
I will not go into lockdown...."we" lol this fucking guy.
Ugh oh he's talking about the market
Did he literally host this press conference just to say PFE is lying lol
IM SO HARD IM 60k in UVXY IM BOUTTA DOUBLE MY MONEY ON MONDAY
# HA HA HA HA HA HA HE ALMOST CONCEDED
Hope you really did pick up more leaps man. Good luck 😊
WOAH almost slipped up there
why?
I probably should not have sold my 12/18 13c. I bet they would had more room to grow,  I was just tired of seeing it stay at a low profit.
If it’s going to high risk individuals first there’s nothing wrong with that
Quite a combination of facts lmfao
Haha time will tell which administration!
Damn, didn't realize how low volume today was.
Fuck, donny just guaranteed a red Monday.
Plz
top is in top is in
What’s that squiggly little thing before the numbers? Monopoly money or something?
Wym
Yaaaasss 🥭 print these puts
Fuck yeah I am. Earnings is Monday premarket.
yikes
Fuck.
NO LOCKDOWNS
Aight Trump called the top monday is fucked
ZM and TSLA shares
YESSSSSSS
[deleted]
for real though? You see that shit? It's fucking nuts. It's all been a lie!? Who would have figured?
You fucking anti-Americans need to be banned, stop bashing the president in a gambling sub
we set the economy on fire and then put water on it look how fast it stopped burning it's incredible you're welcome
This motherfucker is still campaigning
Trump top. 

Biden Bottom 

*taps head*
puts on SPY monday open
What you smoking? Nothing happened to NIO
When is nio ER date
Question is, what do you do if NIO goes back up Monday --> Tuesday before earnings are out. Do you sell at a profit or keep and hope the earnings report is good and it goes up even higher?
He’s doing the ATH thing again
Probably flat/up. Especially knowing how much the market loves bad news.
🖨 🖨 🖨
TOP IS IN
Make sure you thank nipple rings too!
How come?
I swear everyone here let’s their phone nearly die on them. Charge up so it doesn’t die on you as you’re about to sell your options while they’re still worth something.
[deleted]
FUCK HE MENTIONED THE MARKET TANK INBOUND
Trump stock market pump, we all know what that means
Ahhhhh

STOCK MARKET AGAIN LOL

Little does he know we are hitting ATH BECAUSE he is out of here.
what way?
Every single request fir a ventilator! Not one person in the whole country
Wait for the next trading day
this is like a farewell tour
Best meme ever. Uptoot everytime
42c 11/20
well fuck. there goes my calls
Gooooooood call.  I sold 100% yesterday at 48..  Should have waited another hour for 50's but all good.
He said it, this is the top
This man knows the way
Come on Mango, say NIO
Even in defeat Donnie still pumps the market. God bless this man.
We all are my friend.
Ah fuck well that’s the high then

Every time
ohh shit, hes talking all time highs again, puts bois
Aaaaand top called
Why do yall buy otm?
Exactly the attitude we need to get rid of it! Thanks for your help!
#Donnie just mentioned the market in his speech. Get yer puts ready.
Can VXX go even lower? Bought some in a long while.
it's a very complicated piece of equipment would ya look at that?
HE MENTIONED THE TOP. ITS GON TANK
Damn low energy trump just isn’t the same
I thought he sent them into that cave, or something
Trump just said operation wrap speed is rocketting, distribution and tracking software made by palantir is kicking in. Pfe and pltr to the moon.
German shepherds’ IQ = 70
[deleted]
He bragged about the market again. We're fucked.
Guhhh
Talking about all time high... so Monday down?
I'm not a mango fan but to be fair, he basically said "if cuomo won't accept vaccines, we won't send them" which is pretty fair.
Guys don’t forget to give 🥭 credit for ventilators
NIO CALL HOLDERS IN ABSOLUTE SHAMBLES

FUCK THOSE COCKY ASSHOLES

TRY ACTUALLY DOING ANALYSIS AND NOT JUST RETARDING INTO WSB STOCKS
Just tuned in to the speech. Is it my screen or is Trump's hair grey now?
Holy shit he just said it. Dump it
Trump talking so fast today. Like he just wants to get it over with lol
I actually exited the trade 3 times, this was the last set of calls. I made $1200, $2750, and then this
Yikes bro. Dw if you held, it will go up sometime next week for sure. Brrrrr
thanks for complimenting the stockmarket donnie my SPY puts salute you
Called the top 🤡🤳🏻
He's jinxing it again lol
I hope my Jan calls do 🤞
Let’s gooooo trump PUMP
He said all time high 😂😂😂😂. Now we dive
Oh no! The 🥭 gloat indicator just weny off
Donnie talking about how great the stock market is. You know we've peaked for now.
[deleted]
there he said it. market gonna crash now on monday
huh?
mango said stock market go up
Fear
Their paid recommendations supposedly return 2-5x market returns. I'm guessing there's some fucky math involved in getting to that conclusion, though.
Took an IQ test my result was 65, should i just castrante myself?
Mango just called the top!!
HAHAH HE PUMPED THE MARKET GET READY TO DUMP
Tried googling it but only found images of some kind of robot vacuum cleaner. Am I spelling it wrong?
FUCK DONNIE WHY DID YOU HAVE TO SAY STOCK NEAR ATH. I JUST WENT LONG YOU FUCK
Trump pumping Dow
Oh God why trump. Spy 340p
Red Monday
Too long
If you got puts, which I believe you did, you’ll lose it all coming Green Monday.
STOCK MARKET UP 400 POINTS, BREAKING ALL TIME RECORDS SOON SAYS MANGO MAN

# TOP IS IN BOYS
Wait for the next trading day
LOL he said stock market up.

Congrats put holders
Nope of course BA is going to keep going up makes no sense
Mango confirmed puts on Monday
That spin is sad spin
I mean he did say fuck those old people in those nursing homes. So, fuck Cuomo.
Ahhh there’s that ventilator
Holding my longer dated restaurant puts, I don’t trust this rally
lol what? 90% effective =/= 1/10 die lmao
Which way lmao
that’s not even a weeks worth of cases at this rate. not even winter yet either...
This is the only way, they will never understand
I don't even want the vaccine after they fucked my tech positions
It's usually self made millionaires and billionaires who live like they are on welfare working at Wendy's. Meanwhile, all the average people are out there spending the money they don't have with the intent to pumping the market for us :) And the same average people blame the system lol
Exactly it’s going right to 70 this week
I think you misheard
6 months from now is a long time for the general population.
HE MENTIONED STOCKS. SELL SELL SELL
Damn red Monday confirmed
Sounds like my girlfriend evaluating my dingaling on growth potential. Just because it goes from 1/2 inch to 6 doesn’t mean it’s bigger than an a 5 going to an 8. 

#GrowerNotShower.
wait.. why puts
Bought calls at all time highs and at HOD... Still made over 100% on my calls lmao
Did Elon Musk ever get those ventilators done?
And at the same day the CEO was selling a block of shares.
Thanks but i stg

Here we go again

https://ibb.co/610kpFv


https://ibb.co/BzKF5Hg
This is the way
I can’t watch more than 5 minutes of this 🤡
And then sell Monday after the pre-earnings rally
all states that have requested ppe have gotten ppe - really?
10-15 min
Bruhh
No
I think he's in Australia.
Too long
What's your price target for this
Come on DONNIE PUMP SPY NIO TSLA
Looks like someone needs a banning. https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jqihje/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_09_2020/gbnkpnf?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
They all go gray af in office
Mango said no Vaccine for NYC, nice! I dont need vaccine, I need spy below 350, ty Donny boy!
meh, short seller like Citron already done some numbers on NIO.
Hey folks it's me Andrew Right. Long SHOP and TSLA since the dawn of time and now NIO AMA
"I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm kinda retarded."
I have a 12/18 9c. No reason why I picked that date, here is hoping it does something or something
Same, I’m a noob and would get destroyed if I fucked with options haha
30$ or 30k?
I know, but one day profit will easily disappear overnight and those kind of gains aren't exactly what goes viral around here. If you can repeat that to the end of the week (and you probably won't), then you'll be a legend.
Only 5,000 Nio comments? I thought it was like a million.
a wise man once told me: you don't know what you don't know

you should consider this as well
Inject him with the wuhan flu!....injeect him with the wuuuuuhaaan fluuu! *sing*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/favgames don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
south korea doesn't exist
320 on Monday, <300 EOW
Trump is talking about the vaccine, musk was talking about the test
This is not at all bullish... but it's not terribly bearish? Basically same shit anyone's already known. Spy 370? Or Spy 350?
Sounds like my aphria shares finna print
saving this comment
I sure hope so
exaclty, even if you just put it in SPY and dont touch it and get 5% back annualy you'll be getting 125k back a year doing nothing
Bought 100x 11/20 343p right before the bell. Wish me luck
I am at 204% IV : )
Based
So the vix is at 23, ackman went long cdos, bitcoins run up, this is all pointing a certain way
ASTRA PUMP
why?
I did, this was my closing profit
bullish because bullish though
All states received PEE PEE E
who knows, but why would lockdowns effect testflights ?
Vaccine coming on April? Puts on value stonks
Well get in touch with your reality, we need them gay bull pics now
Got a 95/105c vertical cooking. Starting to smell the spices already
Yes it’s more then free money it’s tendies going to moon next week
Nevertheless, GG! What date are those 30p?
Aphria acquired SweetWater for branding and access to to sell it in the US
Where the fuck did I mention a vaccine?
 https://twitter.com/josh\_wingrove/status/1327363633811247107?s=20 

> Trump is now threatening with withhold any new vaccine from New York, and is criticizing the governor.
Rly
IWM caught in the headlights rn
How long has mango been speaking?
Still looks more youthful than sleepy
And now it's back up. Monday will see 420 again
Spac?
Fucking hilarious
[deleted]
You guys understand he said the *general population* by April and it’s rolling out before then right
DD? or just a meme? Because a stock that bleeds a percent a week for the last few months isn't just going to pop because Ghyna.
DUDES ROCK
this company seems pretty innovative and way ahead of it's competition when it comes to body cameras. This is one of those plays that WSB will ignore, while we quietly make easy money
Half the country won't even need a vaccine. Puts on PFE.
>$PLTR - The real bull run begins

Imagine Tweet from Citron. That adds bright red colors to the parade.
The brown stuff in the toilet?
calls for LLY at monday open?!?
NIO to Pluto confirmed!
Through jareds auction ppe company.
I’m just holding long I don’t fuck with options, just swing trading
🥭🥭🥭🥭
American 5G is trash.
Posted about this this morning and got downvoted to oblivion on my post. These dipshits will chase NIO all day to all time highs only for it to dump, but you mention a stock on the launch pad ready to rock and no one even cares. Funny how that works. Oh well, I’ll continue loading calls at these levels. End of month this will pop off
They have enough remdesivir to treat 800k people. In the meantime, over 160 million people voted in the election. Does 800k seem enough to you, Mango?

Yes? Ok
[deleted]
now the market has the whole weekend to digest and make up some more shit about all news being bullish
Your puts are fucked
😂 underrated comment
Don’t worry guys, we actually have the best Covid numbers in the world. 

New Zealand is fake news
What movie?
BA up 6% yep life is back to normal all right
HYG puts Dec Jan......
Where’s my boy regeneron?!
All got in on the dip let’s get to tendie land next week
When’s your NIO expiry? Today was a very obvious sell of due to its irrational momentum over the past few weeks. 

A perfect time to buy into NIO for most people, if you’re sitting on calls you should be good until at least Mon-Tue next week. 

With that being said, keep in mind if you keep YOLOing shit you’ll lose it eventually.
Come on Donnie, say CROX is partnering with the US military to hand out the vaccine
SPACEX LAUNCH SUNDAY WITH HUMANS 🚀🚀🚀

TSLA WILL GO TO MOON 🚀🚀🚀
If Trump gives 9 out of 10 of his family members that vaccine, one of them could die. He thinks it’s excellent nonetheless
aaaaaahhhhhhhhjjjhhhhhhhhhh
Meme city
Can we just take a moment to thank pfizer for waiting to announce the vaccine after the election.
cuomo said he doesnt want it not trump saying he cant have it
Then fucking make it bro? Sounds like a solid business idea to me.
I just made $1500 on it today on cheap calls I bought 3 days ago. Sold them before the drop and weekend. Milk the cow....buy the rumor and sell the news...use whatever works for you
Yeah dude he's barely alive rn
NY deosnt want it
True, this stock fucking sucks
🤣
Hahaha I’m going to miss having a President that rubs any good thing that happened in the oppositions face and constantly throws shade others
Forgot to dye it this morning
You're funny.
PUTS ON THE STATE OF NEW YORK
Lol Donnie is only going to deliver the vaccine to states he got electoral votes from
Bullish pattern today but watch for head and shoulders bear
Plot twist- its theta gang gonna sell you dumbasses calls with IV thru the roof
I fucking hate this stock with a passion
I love fact checks they’re so biased it isn’t even funny
The vaccine will be available immediately...in April
Imagine the money they save without needing to buy a fourth wheel tho /s
As soon as April means by end of summer earliest. Rotate back to Tech it is.
algorithms exist is why
Sorry NYC NO SOUP FOR YOU
You YOLOed? Ok, just note it could have just as easily gone the other way.
Ha, who remembers tankers DD ?
I hope so
These people harassing Trump on twitter should seriously be institutionalized.

They're demented.

I've never seen Trump at a single Clan meeting, not once in all my years.
Market is crashing fuck, orange was right
I am watching 🥭 live in backyard on speakers and the neighbors are honking clown horns periodically. Do you think they are blasting the horns at me? 🤡
wow fuck nyc right
Bruh one is a test one is a vaccine, totally different
You took a loss, I know that much
Why is his hair white? what happened?
Ok anti vaxxer
wish this mango presser was sunday afternoon. media is keep going t push the rona numbers down our throats all weekend.
Mostly missionary with the lights on
Thank you little root

Not gonna lie got out at 50. I’ll go full retard if hits 37.50
While Trump cried fake news, all along, he was the fake news.
lmao
Well played! Back up we go
This is a long way from the electric daily April pressers
“It’s about time they can have their golden years”. This man is a walking bag of dust lol
Lmao he’s not give the vaccine to NY
I'm feeling rather bullish today so probably not.
Puts on NY
"Working as intended." - The Establishment
You’ll wake up to a ten bagger easily
At least you're going balls deep with profits and not doubling down on your bets when you're already down
Not gonna lie I’m gonna miss the Trump disses
Nope
Imagine thinking Joe Biden is going to host press conferences lmao
Why not both? 🦘
Just the tip
So if the call you sell expires worthless the only difference you’d see is the premium added to your cash balance? Kind of a bummer, I wanted to try to get my cost basis in the negative
APRIL.  With 150,000 cases a day now. F
I’ve been holding SOLO for 2+ months and sold last week and got into this NIO shit
FVAC hit to $14 today. Still one last chance to get in on monday before the ticker changes to MP on Tuesday and that shit MOONS.
nope. actually i think you can still trade but no more day trading.
Yo, this shit is gonna open at 345
Dude wrote a book while people were dying - not surprised
On Monday morning we are going to get a wave of downvotes. Just exactly what happened with nio today. Lol
Solo xpev nio and li are all gunna move with each other Nios er is Tuesday........
Had major fomo this morning and bought 100 shares to sell covered calls on.  Feelsbadman
i come from oklahoma trailer trash, like imagine grapes of wrath if they stayed in OK, ok thats my paternal great grandparents. Mother fuckers grew in great depression, literally starved (in that area all of the game had been hunted to Extinction), got forclosed, had to live in a tent by the river where everyone got malaria, etc

great gramps mines coal, pays his way though his phd in education, turns around and does the same for his wife, they teach school till they retire, living poor as fuck, saving and buying blue chip. THEN THEY RETIRED AND COLLECT A PENSION FOR LONGER THAN THEY WORKED.

Died with 2.2 million dollars, never even traveled to see their great grandkids because it was too expensive. I caught them eating rotten ( not expired) but rotten food several times, this was while staying with my software engineer uncle in his fucking mansion, they could have eaten fucking quail and filet minon, nah they had discount flank steak with discount lysteria cantaloupe cuz its 30cents off.

thats why i hate the aarp, fuck old people, fuck social security

They have had 6 and a half decades to get their shit together, during the most prosperous time in human history. If you see an old person who is poor, they are really fucking stupid.
[deleted]
Lol literally zero
For those wondering my mango hair is white and he sounds so depressed... It's stress. The mental shock of losing was too much for him to handle. He was so convinced he would win that his body/brain took a major hit when he realized he lost... Bigly.
That’s what I thought . . .
Sounds like that Citron report.
PLTR is one of them.  Eat a dick.


https://techcrunch.com/2020/09/03/in-amended-filing-palantir-admits-it-wont-have-independent-board-governance-for-up-to-a-year/
JETS 19p dec
Nursing homes. Nursing homes. Nursing homes
Jack Ma is no longer on the board of BABA. This may be true of Ant, but they are not a huge percentage of BABA’s market cap. I think the drop is overblown and a good buying opportunity. There are always risks to Chinese stocks but for the most part this is reflected in their proving multiples which are generally lower than comparable US companies. China can implement regulations, but I see BABA long outlasting these. When bad Chinese news comes out US investors always panic which creates good entry points.
Trump is calling this the best test ever while Elon Musk is on Twitter calling the test terrible
Fuck Cuomo I love the call out lmao
LOL this dipshit is literally threatening to withhold vaccine to NY because of Cuomo
Reminds me of the pen15 shaped cars from goldmember
90% or more lmao
Good
Donnie hesitated saying he will sign off the vaccine early next year to "near future"
Oh come on April is so far away these have to be good for my puts
Same here, then I bought back in at the dip
Thanks big man
Elon took a rapid test which has more false negatives than false positives. He’s  a dumbass.
we need a pullback and this presser is nonsense
JD so STRONK!! 💪😤
Solid trade IMO. Good luck brother.
[deleted]
Ate a 30% loss when I could've held till EOD for a 100% gain, fuck my paper hands.
Remember that adorable solo run this morning?
same lol
Lol no shit
He bleached it, he’s in a rebellious phase right now
[deleted]
Cool maybe they’ll up their rewards again. I’ve got a fuckload of UR points
Can anyone point me to something that Trump is talking about with Cuomo?
Andy left can suck it. 
Another note Nio was mentioned today on cnbc. It involved the decreasing increasing volume part. 500 million shares. That’s wild
Overnight is where all the action take place +600% annually
Noooo bro, I sold my puts 80% down and bought calls. FUCKK
[deleted]
Straight savagery on Cuomo
Throwing New York State under the bus, nice
Diamond hands. I woulda taken that 38% and ran
“Buy the dip f*****”. Lol, oh I love Mad Max r/wallstreetbets clip.
# Cuomo has bad reviews on YELP
Andrew Left, can't stand the guy. Banned from trading for 5 years due to false reports and manipulation of Hong Kong markets. Notorious for making claims about Chinese companies to profit off their declines. Even if NIO may be overvalued, he definitely is the gayest of all bears
>ad I bought more calls right at open

Tits up = dead, OP just doesn't know what it means XD
Trump saying “fuck New York” - damn son
hahahahahah
GOLDEN YEARS; THE GOLDEN YEARS.

No, Bears. There will be no Golden Years for you.
Maybe
Are there penalty’s/ fees?
WOH WTF NY
As someone with pure stay at home stocks holding over the weekend I feel you
Didn't sell my calls, but I have 12/18 calls that I bought at 38.

Still sucks though. I was up 30% on the day this morning, and at one point was down 30% on the day. Ended the day down 16%. What a rollercoaster. Wish I had sold when I heard about the report, which was about 52. I could have bought in at 40ish and saved myself a lot of grief.
Finally, someone on here that knows how to sell and actually lock-in gains.  Congrats.
12/4 $15c and 12/24 $15.5c hoping it moons after this weekend to unload my 12/4 calls and take a longer position. Prevailing sentiment is that this will be a boomer but idk I’m a fucking retard
Like how you took zero profits while up 8K. I don’t have those balls
He always talks like this when he's reading off a prompt/paper and not ad-libbing like at his rallies.
lmao he said 1 year so next summer

or april just now lmao
They were also short GSX, a known scam, but everyone who shorted it earlier this year is now dead.

Pretty bad track record but you can make serious bank if they release a report on lottery Friday.

Bet your fucking ass they had 1000s of FD puts.
Went all in on 11/20 SOLO puts near end of day in an emotional retarded play. Thoughts?
This isnt as bullish as I thought
[deleted]
Not till April 🧐

Bashing New York now too
What manager do you listen to ? Also if it helps when i play any credit spread i choose the 80% profitability. I dont go any lower or higher , seems like a good balance of risk to reward .
🥭 shitting on Cumo
What are shares?
aaaaaaand its gone
Bought 70c for $25 strike price expiring 1/21 today! Already up 50%!
Orange Man Sad
U just wake up?
After looking at the vehicles SOLO makes, I sincerely regret buying calls
LMAO He said fuck Cuomo
Fr this is sad lol
[deleted]
yo we dumping tech again? expert opinions only
Welcome to the better club. You won't win every time, and you won't see major overnight gains, but it will treat you right in the longer run.
they can buyback 100M shares which is huge considering how much of it is being shorted

After that its waiting on earnings
Not to be a dick but how are those nio calls doing ? 😂
He’s thinking about his own golden years
Damn calling NY out
the child is clearly a big picture thinker with a handle on the truth - i want to hear their plays for monday.
private citizen like one of us
Prime mango would’ve saved this for Sunday night futures
"Golden years", long gld
That's one hell of a bearish soign, so calls it is
I’m such a greedy motherfucker lol
Me taking profits at 51
#VACCINE NOT AVAILABLE TO NY
me-yuns...
Buy 50 shares.
Forget about them until 2025.
Sell them and buy your apartment
I just got off :) try to enjoy your shift and dont let what strangers say on the internet bother you.

Edit: lol saw your original message
Trump loves repeating the same words over and over.  "the golden years.  The golden years.  Very golden."
He has COVID part 2 I’m surr
Watch this vaccine not actually work
Boomers you get your Golden Years
Didn’t get any Wall Street Journal, Investing.com or Yahoo finance notification to justify why we mooned. Shit the bed
65+ suppsed to be your golden years? my fucking ass
China has the biggest population because they count their people. If China didn’t count their people, they would have less people. China has the most people because they can count. Greatest amount of people I’ve ever seen
“The most and the best test.”


Elon: bruh wtf is this shit.
Vaccine by April

But what year?
Come on Donnie, say it!!! Say CROX 100 EOY
Gotta stop testing that’s the problem. Stop the count
Let’s goooooo
Yo this election really got to Trump huh check out his grey hair lol calls on hydrogen peroxide
APRIL WTF
PUTS ON NY
As soon as April 💀👀 yeeesh
If the government had simply put the $1.95 billion in NIO calls, we could have just bribed the virus to go away.
Big boys pulling NIO down to flush out weak before big buy in before earnings Tuesday...
Please don’t mention the stock market
I sold mine a bit early, but profit is profit!
Take your diapers off. There's plenty of room for all of them. Are you in here to whine or make money?
(No insult intended. Carry on and good luck autist)
Oh, and I'm holding lots of all of them, puts AND calls.
Lol NY state don't get the vaccine
AS SOON AS APRIL!!!!
This guys enormous lack of trust and lack of humility is a big reason nobody will give him credit for anything.
Big brain got solo calls (puts made too much sense) and nio puts cause (calls were the right play) lol hope next week we explode!
If you buy a call and it auto expires/sells at 0 without checking the broker, did you ever buy that call? 🤔
And I'll continue living my life exactly as I damn please.  Not my fault it's here and I won't do a thing.
He is just not the same now
My puts are so fucked
🥭 hair is white, it used to be golden. He aged 4 years in the past 2 weeks.
Project bull speed
Golden years
Didn’t feel like getting his hair did this week
Yesterday I sold bought more today tho lol
Mango has achieved Ultra Instinct
Oh did we ever ride from dawn today, some bear heads rolled!
Todays WSB Sentiment, Presented by Swaggy

Total Comments Parsed Last 24hrs: 39,568
Comments Parsed This Week: 130,511

Ticker | Comments | Bullish %
:--|:--:|:--:
NIO|5074|70%
PLTR|905|82%
TSLA|778|70%
BABA|689|80%
LI|622|84%
ZM|364|70%
XPEV|325|79%
DIS|236|54%
AAPL|228|69%
DKNG|204|82%
AMZN|180|66%
FSR|171|85%
MRNA|159|81%
PTON|132|70%
NKLA|123|67%
RKT|117|78%
WOW|105|55%
JD|102|85%
BA|93|53%
FSLY|81|93%
QQQ|80|68%
AMD|79|89%
GME|70|79%
NVDA|54|78%
WMT|54|46%
that's a lot.. Even Turing would think so
lol at PBS putting up live fact checks to his bullshit. thank god for PBS.
Yes. And yes. None of this will matter though! Once musk Mellon takes over mars hes going to blow up earth. I know the whole plan.
Nice landscaping
[deleted]
Nvda calls on the low of the day let's goooo
[deleted]
Not since my 8th birthday have I seen an orange balloon so deflated
No one can believe it actually
Donnie pump coming in a little too late
"Nobody can believe it actually "
We have the most and the best tests
The golden years
TRUMP PUMP MY CALLS
And Amazon buys other peoples products and slaps Amazon Basic on it. So what? They have a product/brand people want to buy.

Who the fuck is lining up to buy a NKLA truck?
Outsmarting and inversing your inverse.  Nice 😎
GM recall announced, stocks still up. Yeah I don't even know
"Nobody would believe it, actually" lmao
Mango sounds depressed or something is weird
KCAC thank me later
You’re late New Mexico issued stay at home order an hour ago
# USA best USA best USA best #1
Good luck, bro. And get that essay done lol
i got out at open. dont think it found bottom yet
i'll always remember JD.com CEO spend 100k on high end big tits Chinese escort here in States and get busted.
So guaranteed to drop the day they print and waaaaay up afterwards? Thanks citron!
Glad I bought more calls right at open
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PLTR**|**$30**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.43**|**$15.8**|**7009**|**1709**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgryjxadunz0720zr7ujol1) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Denverdude98/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Lol 😆 his press conference is funny 😄
You should call Nad Jones - Mulligan back
Didn't he also say this about TSLA stock at $1k...

edit: not a real tweet...well fuck me
Any schedule I had. We’re ahead of that. *looks at easter*
I like these pltr positions
Say it again baby
Apparently scientists just needed someone to crack the whip. Lazy scientists geez
Its almost $4.20 after hours :) good move
We don’t eat fillet very often but we never go hungry.
its prolly some WSB investment broker who yolo'd his senior client LOL
Silver Fox?
Dude you’re not alone. I needed money today as well,
made a few hundred (nothing compared to my last week) but this Monday seems to bode nice. Wish you big gains.
Vaccine to be available in matter of “weeks”.

52 weeks = “weeks”
I wouldn't enjoy being the owner of those at the moment, but I also think NIO could end up anywhere between $35 and $60 next week.  Good luck.
This guy looks exhausted
So two commas total?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/WuSpir the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What is Donnie talking about?
[deleted]
Viva la revolucion
Let the mods know
I don’t think you get the point.... you can’t buy options for .01. Go ahead and try them get back to me to tell me how that went for you.
Its the one that doesn’t know puerto rico does not have electoral votes. I am suprised he did not lose more
Haha this guy needs to stick to the damn script
I can't speak that quickly
Either way CCP backs then so yeah. Better than NKLA still given they actually have working cars that do not require hills.
Underrated.
It won't change your average. Shows as a new trade.

If it executes, it will be factored into your realized gain / loss
Pretty sure this is how the zombie apocalypse starts.....
#bullish
5 times faster lmaoo
Thought it was starting so cordial, then bang, there it is.
[removed]
Say it again
5 times faster
WSJ is one of the few good publications. They only care about $$$
[deleted]
I think im only gonna stick to swing trading with NIO.. keeps investment low and i can poach little $3-400 profits here and there. i think its the safest bet. dont wanna deal with 25% swings for shares or calls.
Mega brain move *taps head*
Lol 😂 trump bitter
Lmao 3/5 years 🤣🤣
Hoped in at $3.35
I sure do know how to buy at the top
Lol pfe with the vertical line
got into credit call spreads a bit too early today but what can i say, gotta learn by doing. theta-curious right now if we don’t break through 360
So does this mean FDX is very undervalued considering UPS market value is twice the size
Lol accurate as duck
But is there a chance they will get cheaper? Idk if I should wait it out or buy now lol.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/mashable.com/article/how-to-start-urban-foraging.amp here, this might help you.
U stupid fuck

U are not as smart as u think

U HAVE NO FLAIR

AND U ARE A LOW FICO SCORE BETA MALE

GTFO SWEATBALL LICKER
Let's be frank, I owe some PLTR and want them to moon, but too many people are successfully diamond handing and buying calls (imo based on the sub sentiment).

If yall diamond scalepers get more successful, MM ain't gonna pump more money into the stock. Likewise, if too many people buy calls, MM ain't gonna pump to the call price to let you win. 

The house will always want to win and I don't have a good sentiment of it mooning given all the lucky diamond handers and call holders.
Smart money stays the fuck away from parabolic stocks. Big gains mean big losses eventually
say it again
A variant to Operation Warp Speed is Inagraution Day, Wed, Jan 20th Noon 

Bye Mango
Went all in on 11/20 SOLO puts near end of day. Thoughts?
He looks like he aged 10 years 

Hi hair is WHITE, lol
SAY IT AGAIN 5 TIMES FASTER
I’m going to miss speeches like this where he brags and shit talks
WOULD HAVE TAKEN 35 YEARS
Say it again “FIVE times faster”
Feeling ill? REGENERON! Shortness of breath? REGENERON! Loss of taste? REGENERON!

&#x200B;

CALL NOW CALL NOW
Operation Warp Speed = 5 times faster

5 times faster

5 times faster
A bear can dream, but it doesn't seem likely
Has Trump stopped dying his hair?
Stress. Losing the election after being so convinced he was going to win was a major blow to him mentally.
Did you sell?
Is theta going to destroy the 11/20 calls?
Five times faster. Nobody could believe it actually.
bull.
Gotta get as much as we can out of these presses. Best comedy shows ever.


Sleepy joe is gon do just that when he gets on these presses. Put us all to sleep. Unless his brain starts farting and saying crazy shit.
dont sell at a loss, just wait for it to bounce back if its a decent company
Yes
PLTR TO 50 EOY. Im gonna suck Alex Karp good and hard through his jorts
Not the company it’s because of the volume. Where was this guy 6 months ago? He did it now because over 300mil shares being traded. 

Blows my mind no one bats an eye at this manipulation but call foul on shit you can’t even ID.
Imma grab your pussy tough guy
Why would I be salty about your fucking retarded ass losing money? 😂
Unlike you.. I've got work to do
Really need to febreze my office chair at work 🐪 🍑
That’s my question too!!!
365 Monday opening again but this time we go up to 370 afterwards
i watch boy bands instead
Was down $10k from a previous trade :( these NIO puts netted me $72k profit
million billion
No idea dawg I just guessed. Felt like they had to too many tendies to continue rising . I bought 30 dollar puts yesterday bc that’s all I could afford 😂. Jeb bush answered my prayers
He forgot to spray tan it
5 TIMES FASTER
i asked a genuine question, got downvoted, and the reply which said “Nobody tell him” got more upvotes. this sub is a big meme
million billion\*
He is consistent
Lol he didn’t dye his hair
With all the negativitiy around, SPY puts would make sense, but as it is 2020, calls would be the only right choice, but i went one step further and out smarteteted year 2020, as inverse logical move has been the theme, SO FAR, so now i decided to inverse the inversed move, so i bought weekly puts instead. SPY352p will print, feeling confident.
I need trump to say “I will never concede this presidency. Joe Biden will be president over my dead body”

Plz
I opened another 41c at today's low so let's hope it bounces back.
Because it’s free money?
Why is his hair white now
PUMP FDX 🥭
[Citron Big Dick Energy: NIO Getting Cut in Half](https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/as-nio-races-higher-short-seller-citron-sees-the-stock-getting-cut-in-half-2020-11-13)

why short seller always crash the party?
Very soon..... Means months
‘PFE a lying ass bitch y’all’ 

-	🥭
def has a good future.
Will deep throat mangos micro peen if he crashes the market
Mango Pump
PFE a bunch liars!
[deleted]
NIO buys European parts and pays another Chinese car company to assemble the cars.
I bet this is NIO
Boring - he's just gonna try and take some of the rub off PFE. Nothing new here.
LOL PFIZER FAKE NEWS
[deleted]
😂😂You deserve to be in WSB Hall of Fame😎
So no new news basically 😂
He is now Donald the White
Yup, ended up 150%...too bad PDT wont let me sell until  they drop on monday
Negative TWO k actually
The Rock... What about Danny Devito then? Are his genes better then ours in your example?
seriously tho y his hair white
It rocketed a month ago, then got overbought like a mofo. So, nope, should have got in on LIT.
He seems out of breath
Mango's conference is gonna be 30 mins advertising Goya and MyPillow. Ivanka will be showcasing the items. There'd be a number at the bottom of the screen to dial and purchase.
Pfizer not part of Warp Speed = Fake news
what we pumping tho
Only in a desperate spot, otherwise you're just costing yourself extra on trading fees and spread.
lol Donnie telling us everything we already know
Anyone else having problems keeping their eyes off the sign language person? The word for vaccine was literally her stabbing her arm
Today was beautiful
This isn’t a yolo
it was developed by Biontech but ok Donnie
Anyone think GME prices blew it's load over the new xbox/playstation, Microsoft deal and debt prepayment? Like that's it, gamestop has no more tricks in its bag and back to penny stock ville.
I was high idk about shorting.
I mean the same rules can apply to options too. I like to buy options 2 month out minimum on significant dips. And usually no more than like 5% of portfolio at a time. If I’m early, and it dips more, I add more.

If it goes up and I miraculously timed the bottom, great! Sell baby. 

Weekly plays are just a great way to lose money.  I’ve hit a few lottos sure, but way too many losers for it to work.
Is it safe to say that purchasing a dated put on a stock like this one is virtually risk free?
Gonna guess this press conference is going to be 2 percent BIGLIEST vaccine talk, 98 percent voter fraud conspiracy stolen election grievance airing.
Newbie explain???
He looks better grey
1.95 billion to PFE? Lol?
Puts on pfizer they made a mistake!
Because it's so laughable that it isn't worth validating by putting a lot of energy into arguing against what he said. "Science" never had some overwhelming consensus that the Earth was the center of the universe. The Church did.

Plus, the idea that any random idiot can "challenge science" is moronic. Science is constantly evolving and getting better, but you know who the people behind that are? Fucking scientists, idiot.
1.45 million billion dollars?
See, I tried to make a post saying the exact same thing, but I called the mods retards & talked about their families, and they removed it. Smh, censorship at its finest
Just Google their vehicle and look at it lol nobody ever spending money for that
1.95 million billion dollars wow!
Fundamentally, yes they are. However, UPS has new Gung ho CEO who is doing very nicely since taking over.
Here we go. He clearly didn’t write these words here at the beginning. Just waiting for the freestyle portion  of the evening.
Cheeks: clapped.

Wallet: strapped.

But rest assured - I will be back.
[deleted]
1.2k technically but 1k yes
Which one has the larger scale of operation?

I thought it was UPS but FDX has nearly the same amount of revenue
puts in What?
If you sell a covered call on Fidelity will it lower your average and total cost for that stock?
I will be happy I did this come mon/tues
Debating about getting some longer timeframe bank puts. Super cheap.
Is JD the new Chinese meme stock? Me thinks so!
Is it just me or did trump forget his hair dye
Oiled machine
Been goin hard bb
Bullish
F
What is with his hair? Is he really going for the grey?
PUMP
buy puts then
[deleted]
Never gets old 😂😂
And? It’s here now.
Tesla may as well be half Chinese already.  Elon’s daddy Xi paid for Shanghai.
Thank the old gods and new
I somehow sold my nio calls close to the top, then proceeded to forget all about my "take your profit and run" lesson and threw it all into 11/20 45c at close.
hes back to calling it china virus lol
Thank you. The sarcastic good luck made me rethink my game plan and I ended up making money.
What can I say. You either got talent or you haven’t. 

You sure got it, boo.
Lol..taking credit for PFE
[deleted]
pls
Fuck it took me like 2 years but I finally learned to stop FOMOing in
Tendies just needed to be flipped half way through baking to get nice and crispy. Prime for earnings gains Monday-Tuesday 😍
At a rate that quite frankly has never been seen before
Ghyna virus vaccine.
Lmao he just has to say china virus
Broke boy problems
Thank you wisetard. I will trust your words and hope for better numbers come Monday.
I’d cum
Did you buy the stocks when they were high or were you shorting?
CHINA VIRUS VACCINE
You’re retarded. It’s only down because of citron idiot. It’ll be over 50 again Monday.
Don't you mean can't go?
Lol china virus vaccine
Trump looks sad. He isn’t so orangy
you got 1.5k left, never give up.

WMT 155c 12/18 yolo
Get in both. But yes FDX is better.
Was just thinking that
PLTR waited til AH to sky
Nope
[deleted]
Yes sir 👏 🙌 🙏 👌 💯 ☺
I love watching Mango press conf while chatting in this sub
[deleted]
Is that what tits up means?  I own the actual stock.  Weird huh.
I got a 100k in buttcorn, want cash out and yolo some tendies like you guise
😬
Yo Im ngl I want THC infused seltzer like, real bad.
Don about to save ya bud
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Jared2338 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Holy shit. Sold my Nio put right at the bottom. It went back up after 2:40 pm. Great day for me
Yeah I got a real weird feeling at 53 and sold my shares at 50.5, glad I did. Something was off. Earnings will really affirm if they have legs for the future too
seriously. friday after market close. classic time to tank futures then give the WSJ two whole days to spin a story about how it’s actually all bullish in the end. monday ES up 1.3%
[removed]
Lol no. Do some DD.
His hair looks white. Looks like he didn’t have time to dye it this morning.
Everyone who bought NIO at the top today I feel for you but don’t lose heart, the bottom will go up overtime next week it won’t dip below 50 after ER cuz the smart people stay in long term
Always knew I'd end up a degen like dad
\+$1k on NIO $49c at open

\+$700 on NIO $44p by close

:)
[deleted]
Mango with the white hair
r/thatshalfthejoke
The calls are still cheap
Bought 11/13 Apple 118C .5 premium today that I flipped for 110% follow me on Stocktwits if you want my trades before I make them. My user name is Optionstitan
A broken clock is right twice a day
Sold everything at close, going to go buy a 911 while the world burns.
Thanks u/water_boat! Looking forward to reading your DD!
Duh
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/favgames don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
345 Monday, 330 EOW
Wow..this fear of profit
Had 4K in luckin puts
I want a separate sub for whatever is the top stock of the day.
Hold on to your helmets boys
IVV bro.
f

 "This will be the first-ever human spaceflight conducted from New Mexico,”
Is FDX a better company than UPS?
How about to gay bears?
TREMENDOUS
👍🏻 heard they’d been up but have no knowledge ... any readings you can direct me to would be much appreciated!
My puts are fucked...
If I bow down and blow you, will you give some profit?
At this rate this pos called PDD might overtake BABA in share price soon. 5x 145p 11/20 PDD
shit
Holy shit. Sold my Nio put right at the bottom. It went back up after 2:40 pm. Great day for me
What would be the fun in that
They actually have a working product that are getting sold. 

NKLA rolled a fake truck down a hill and said you were dumb enough to believe them.
[removed]
Are there any other Ssbm degens in here that feel funny seeing Mango referenced in here everyday lmao
 suppositories
I didn’t buy these calls until an hour before market close today
guess he heard me
All or nothing
Non zero probability that Trump announces his concession. He will time it for the moment the futures reopen...in 3 minutes.
I've been messing with Webull and TDA, don't really love either honestly.
“I AINT FUCKING LEAVING!” - 🥭
Tanner than ever
up 5.5% today and 35% for the week got a $50 GC for my gf cuz I'm a simp 😎😎 godspeed yall
Mango speaks
NIO/XPENG/LI AUTO earnings are unaudited...wouldn't surprise me if were cooking the number. Sure it could go higher in the near terms, but trust me, china companies are trash as far as I know.
Here weeee goooo
O fuck are we going to wake up on monday to MRNA 🌕🚀
Not as soft as his paper hands.
Citron is 100% always our to fuck retail. They said Jumai was worth 0$ a share in may 2019, just last month they said its worth 100$ a share. Its 14 and some change. They have no clue what they are doing. They downgraded Nikola a month after the Hisenburg report.
Would’ve been next Friday, 52 NIO calls
Are there any other Ssbm degens in here that feel funny seeing Mango referenced in here everyday lmao
This aged like your mom 🤣🤡👵🏽
Chief Shithead Andrew Left is the one you want.
looks like we get SADBOI DONNY today.
Operation Con Cede.
I got shook out at $38 when I wasn't paying attention.
Same
Fuck you! TSLA 420
Nvda calls, spy puts.
Puts on his sister
My dumbest move so far was fbio dropped from 4.6 to 2.6 and then i sold. Not going with the drop again.
what the fuck is taking donnie so long? tell him to hurry up or were going out without him.
Lmao my portfolio so small, after this wild week, I ended up losing $5.00
Spy 362c Monday
Leek spin
I fucking hope so fuck these dumbass media platforms thinking constitution says it is up to them to make these calls
Last time I played a Chinese ticker it got delisted - I am praying for all NIO buyers. I sure do love Luckin Coffee (: best waste of $1000 I’ve had since two christmases ago
The more you make people wait..the more important you are
WUT! Your positions are down? GTFO until you sell.
My positions are regularly bouncing up and down 1, 2, 3, 5k back and forth.  Pick carefully, don't overload your account (meaning too many positions that will trash you if they ALL decide to drop), and trust your choices. Don't feel good about your picks? Shouldn't have made them, get out quick.
Good luck retard
I was afraid that a bunch of places would announce lockdowns as soon as the market closes but luckily didn't happen.
I see what you did there, sir.
Can't upvote this enough..citron manipulated for their own gain. Fuck citron...we are all here to make money...Monday and Tuesday will fuck them in the ass
🥭
*soylent green* calls on $BYND
F
I don't know - they will postpone but I got 11/20 calls 

I don't know where they are launching from
Just curious why you didn’t just sell cash secured puts?
God I’m gunna be so wet for that NIO 70 ER day omfggggg so wet
Op these guys are dicks and don’t know what they’re talking about. You basically opened up 30 call credit spreads to try and take profits. What you should have done is opened up 15 call credit spreads and 15 call debit spreads so regardless of direction, the p/l would balance out more and you wouldn’t have to worry about a significant loss/gain. For example, you’d sell 15 17.5 calls and 15 22.5 calls (same width apart). If you’re more bearish you could make a higher ratio of call credit spreads or if you’re more bullish, higher ratio of debit spreads. Good luck
Spain and Netherlands. I’m betting on parlays. My strategy is to write the tickets 20 minutes into the second half
damn bro how do you not sell being up 8k lmao
Was up 2k myself. Still green for the day but quite infuriating how nothing is done about that Left piece of shit.
Nio is the Luckin of EV 🤡
Dr Burkes is there, Donnie about to declare shutdown and nuke the market
I mean, I didn't do anything, it came from China.
Why didn’t you sell when it was well over 50 this morning. IV had those contract values sky high
This username + this in-depth explanation = suspicion.
🍺Here you go champ
Iirc the stupid negligent mother wasn't even remorseful
God damn, fuck the weekend. Wish i could fast forward to monday morning.
Ok thats just plain stupid. Why would you fly economy?
What’re you saying
Got me hard
🥭s warp speed press conference. He is going to announce microchips in vaccines.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgvN_ZUcR3o
Your broker doesn’t allow it ? Wtf ! Tell them you will change brokers if they dont allow you to buy shares for the most important WSB meme of them all
Fitting, lol
I just call it a shit box. 

15c 1/15/21
I wanna buy back in on calls but the premiums are just too crazy
Hell yeah dawg
\*Chinese EV puts looking good. FSR going to sky rocket. Forget that chinese trash. Made money there but forget about it.
Fox News is no better than cnn
No way. That would be so craven
Yes. But the sell off today was epic. Made lotsa put $. So 👌 GL!
Rètard should give me some money to Yolo NIO calls
NIO is going to be the Chinese version of NIKOLA
Bruh. You didn’t even sell half?
You must have been hella salty all day to come back on this thread 8hrs later. Jes...
FSR because it’s not going to have Chinese manipulation and because I’ve been buying FSR shares
No comment on SPY, but no way he concedes. If he does, I'm going to watch it on repeat all weekend. I can't fathom anything better than watching that megalomaniac squirm and admit defeat.
He won't say much about the vaccine other than complaining about the timing of the vaccine announcement and play the victim as always.
Thanks bb, I try
Yes. But the sell off today was epic. Made lotsa put $. So 👌 GL!
I have all 11/27 and 12/4 OTM calls.. so I have some time. Banking on covid saving me
It was $295 on Monday
yarp.
gonna be a nothingberder, but we moon anyway
Nice big steamy dump
Chinese evs do not drop after earnings
Don’t listen to the haters. If everyone knew what they were doing everyone would be making money.
Second division in what country?
Yes. But the sell off today was epic. Made lotsa put $. So 👌 GL!
FSR is warming up. It's time to pump amrican EVs
you have now been flagged a day trader and you can no longer buy anything for 90 days.
That’s his prepared remarks. Gotta stick around for when he goes off the rails ranting
he went shorting NIO
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
So what lockdowns and shit are happening
Thanks for the back up my man 💪 I know this sub is all about options, but people forget that it's often better to build a solid base with some 'cushion' before you start to add more risk with side bets
>This meme is cringe to me for some reason  

It's the comic author's vibe, I felt it too. OP managed to improve it slightly.
He died a millionaire without spending any of it or enjoying any of it?? The fuck? I mean I invest but enjoy some passive income for fucks sake.
*most* of us won’t win. If what you’re saying was true than none of us would be doing it. Also fuck you
No, you love it you cuck.
Take a drink every time Trump mentions Dominion during Operation Warp Speed
Wait that second part happened?
[deleted]
Good point.  Could also argue that the vaccine is uncertain to an extent still and Corona still going wild; with the current President looking to undercut the election.  

I agree with you but also could argue a more bearish side.  Interesting nonetheless.
same, they gave us the inverse vaccine
Played safe on an all green day, classic 

But back to cash gang for the weekend
Motley fool is so full of bullshit, the clickbait genius at motley is the biggest fool of them all
Gotta sometimes laugh at something retarded to easy the pain of getting your anus ripped open when you blow half your account
Probably 10,000 now, you made a decent choice
Yea it makes smoothies
This foo definitely got some bad news to share
Was that by going negative 1k?
[removed]
I just bought in today
What a fucking whirlwind of emotion today. From up 8k on NIO calls to down 2k. Holding over the weekend who cares. I will ride this mofo until I have $0
[deleted]
Yeah but I feel that intel is a little more undervalued now. A lot of the news about apple using their own chips and Intel's manufacturing delays have really already been baked in to the price it's at now. I think any good news at all from them in the coming months will send it back up a fair amount.
Ended the week net 2k thanks to jd and pltr. I need another 9k to break even for the year. Any suggestions for next week? Kkthnx
Just throw some money in and start tapping stuff. You’ll get it.
[removed]
word you are a wise person. China is no bueno.
GG, congratulations, i actually also risked a bit and added quite a bit of puts, which i sold 75% today, kept other 25%, as the expiry is not until 27th. What do you think LI, XPEV, NIO move to, after Tuesday earnings are done?
[deleted]
working behind Wendy's now
I think it shakes off the citron bs and is back at 48 at open
inb4 martial law or conceding.
so you have 1k?
I don’t judge the graphs by the color of their lines, but the magnitude of their gains
sold 11/20p there for 10%, my confirmation bias loves you
🤡
Because they are hell on your body. Often the pay is "great" because of OT. Backbreaking OT
Biden has already won
Oh fuck burke's is there, here comes the shutdown.  Donnie going to nuke the market
[removed]
I’m so sad, pour one out for my portfolio boys
Well I’m not going to hold it until expiration
1.2 ...
Why do people even care about fundamentals smh
Averaged down on puts and uvxy all day. Monday will be fun
yea let spy rally because of the hope in new ways we are gonna rid this virus and ignore the continuous cases rising and partial lockdowns occurring throughout.
NOK
[removed]
[deleted]
Welcome to the stonk market, where the products are made up and the valuations don't matter.
[deleted]
My man, we going hard from here on out
Sorry, I went for a smoke. Got lost and ended with a hooker. Btw, shes now your step mother.
Ev puts looking good
Hahaha. Thanks for the laugh lil bro
Fucks tried it months back with Plug as well I laughed at the 🌈🐻 then and im doing it again.
Can’t win if you don’t play pussy
vaccine pump incoming
Friday the 13th in the year 2020. What a combo. Be safe out there!
Try 5k
love you
what percentage of WSB gets wiped out every time we see mass retard plays?  after NIO we have to be at a fraction of where we were in june
Nice
congrats!
Who's the clown now? Fucking Idiot
🤣🤡
Lol. Did he seriously do that? I pay him no mind, but I actually thought he was kind of open to cannabis. What a dolt.
You’re retarded 😉
This is gonna be Donnie’s “I’m not leaving” speech
How could we possibly crash from something below ath? Gotta retest
There was a Microsoft store near me so I thought that might bolster my odds for xbox, then the fire nation attacked...
Nio puts were gold today
Idk why 🌈🐻s are always surprised when they get AIDS
NIO 42c 11/20 can’t wait for tendies
I bought at 53 for about 10k USD :D yaaay!
Sold my calls then bought puts, but ya sold puts too early. Calls near EOd
Works on so many levels
LEGS!
Mods be gay
If it’s not big red on Monday I’ll be a lot worse than 15% down....
Next stop 420.69 billion
Bull
Nio really hurt my buns today, I sold yesterday before close to buy back in at the top today and watch my Account plummet with 0 day trades. NIO 60 11/27 confirmed
[deleted]
and im all in on SPY PUTS...may the best autist win.
My magic 8 ball says it will need to be sold on Monday or possibly Tuesday. Cant see the date clearly.
I say it as "pal and tear" because when it's good it's your best pal but when it's bad, I'm in tears
Fuckin tards lol, this was an entire week of consolidation
That’s a good week for me.
Shut up
Nice.
That's why I split my money between Nio and Xpeng. One of them is bound to succeed in China as a competitor to Tesla
[deleted]
expiring 2021. I'm good
Either my balls get bigger next week or I'm cutting this shit off
Might not seem like a lot, but I’ve successfully put a comma back in my account, without every depositing more than 1k, feels good
lol
Just write “Is this paper a chair?” and turn that bish in. They can’t prove you wrong.
I’m poor and not excited about $900
So if a stock goes up yesterday it goes up today?
Jesus fucking christ have mercy on your poor mommy
You don’t even know how to read an options position, how are you going to tell this guy what to do? And if you understood the picture you’d see he did sell options against the contracts he bought.
I sold a 1/21 BABA 330/300/300/270 iron butterfly today because I think many people are buying 1/21 300c. I think we slowly melt up but fail to hold over 300 until after January options expire worthless.
Upvote if you’re jacked to the tits
Yes I said idiot speak not normal talk
Glitch 🤔
Feels like exuberance. I've seen this movie before. I picked up some 12/4 SPY puts at close to hedge my portfolio.
What's going on?
[deleted]
Debt
mango presser?
Because technicals totally mean something these days
All the NIO bagholders good LUCKIN your trades
Listen man, i just want the ez money on calls ok?
No one has a fucking clue
I don't know but csr got me in 2011
Ok, raise your hand if you fomoed today into Chinese EV stocks 🙋‍♂️
sir, this is a tendy's
FSR, XPEV, or LI shares boys? NIO is too high valuation compared.....(kinda like my tesla analysis that claimed its built on b.s. back in march while I watched it run-up 5x it's price after its first 20% jump and got sour but as i digress lol)
We talking Xpeng huh?
Pound for pound latest president ever
Almost everyone here bought puts for the weekend.
NIO got parked at a market cap of 60.**69** billion
Bought more LEAPS today lets goo
Or because you sold puts and bought calls because monday train will be nice, provided our dear president trump doesn’t fcuk it up somehow.
This will print
Stop buying high and selling low. Wait for something to be low, then buy and sell when it goes higher. Sure it may not be 10bagger but if you build up some profits. Can do small plays on house money that could become 10baggers.
Are these launches happening (suppose to be happening) in New Mexico???
That counts as essential... Right?
Buying oil leaps froM now on... that’s my solution lol
Hahahah this is epic my buddy was just raving about Nio as I was laughing at him on the inside  today not saying a word of response . Continue laughing on the inside . Life is Grand . Hurray for Nio . Nio for life
well atleast we give it a good PUMP before the DUMP
We getting a new stable president and a vaccine?
Yooooo I’m part of that gang. Dumping out of Nio after ER tho. Good luck brother
i second this\^\^

My uncle , moms bro, owns around 15m in property , flies economy , wears a Casio, Walmart shoes , drinks dewars white instead of Johnnie black, drove a fucking compact for around 8 years then upgraded to an Elantra, he does have 3 baby mamas who dont know about each other though so thats something.
[deleted]
Logitech 70 Call
3/19/21 

Zynex 12.5 Call
2/19/21
Shares sold to buy the Teslaquila. Still hungover. They'll come back in droves next week to buy again.
I don't know.  Maybe I'm immune
I dought your spelling
I just keep hearing the LOTR theme music...
This is awful none of you will win long term. Just stop.
4k
Will literally shit I’m the throats of citron reps if I ever see them
I just hate listening to retards 
And you are dumb fucking cunt one too
I’ve been holding, I’m up 2,000% on my 10c jan21
How many of you didn't sell your NIO calls this morning? I bought puts at the top but didn't hold them long enough. Could have made a lot more.
Genius
Combined with the -20 years from Regeneron, he’s basically like 11 years old at this point.
He’d probably have more of his dumbass fans infront of an Olive Garden lol
[deleted]
Does 🥭 know what a watch is?
 *Fuck Outta Here*
Right there with you man...
It made me laugh see people talking about buying leaps when vix was at 36.
Lmao, capital?
https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/13/world/covid-19-coronavirus-updates
What’s your timeline? Monday = maybe fuk. Friday = ITM bigly.
My buddies and I made money strangling NIO like the little bitch it is. We made profit on every single trade since last week, its been wild.
I am on 200% IV : )
Imagine being so retarded you see SPX base above 3500 for the entire week and decide you should keep buying puts? I don't understand you dumbasses at all.
I would of been sold to hold on to something, but im PDT'd so i cant do shit. lol but well see how things turn out next week
Bad week for me. Lost about 800.
Trump going to announce a blanket ban of all things Chinese just to fuck up the market.
Sure go ahead and be happy with 5% gains on a 200k portfolio, but I can’t stand the ppl with 5k portfolios, which is probably most of his audience, that think they’ll acc make money following his advice and think they got it all figured out.
If you have 2.5M why play with options. Just go long.
Yaayyy weekend thread now we can talk about other shit.

I got a philosophy essay due at 11:59 and still haven’t even started it. I’m too busy betting on second division soccer games. Honestly today is a good day. Made a cool 200 with only 15 bucks
What brokerage gives you the ability to withdraw the unsettled funds the same day?
Ballsy
Price floor is 40. Morgan Stanley will come in with the big guns.
That’s when the timeline split. Look back and see how evident this is.
gonna pee myself if spy gaps up good bye college tuition
But uhm.. sir.. you forget that there's ppl like me that bought at 53 today, kinda unfair that there's a guy with influence that publishes stuff for the sole purpose to drag something down and made profits for himself imho
Why bet on Intel?  x86 architecture is on the way out with the way that arm is performing lately.  Should sell it and buy calls on TMSC.  They manufacture Apple's arm based processors.  The latest m1 chip in the new macbook air is incredibly fast and that is without a fan.  It beats the latest macbook pro 16" with an intel processor with a low power fanless processor.
Absolutely. Good luck to us lmao
People are so fucking retarded buying above the offer price of the airline.
That JD volume AH
That's a big baba move
[deleted]
Yeah I picked up some eod to flip monday. feel like it tests 43 some more unless we get a mega vaccine pump
Everything went to shit after harambe died. Been saying that for years.
4D chess move
but after market closeeeee so maybe he will also incite riots or something
YEAH SPY$ 358$ RUTHLESS CEO !!

JOHN FUCKEN CENA !!

NEVER DOUGHT MY FUCKEN VIBES BITCH

#phycopathBULL
i say it as "plant ear"
Absolutely crushed the market this week.

Only down $55k.
Doesn't matter Stonks only go up
I only bought 113 shares 😩😩😩😭😭😭
No duh retard
How can we be heading towards busting through SPY all time highs with everything going on?
good insight
Wow that chat on the sidebar of the mango presser is off the fuckin chain. America is doomed.

Long

PTON 105c Dec18, VXX 20c  Dec18, GME 12c Jan15, SPCE 22c Dec 4

Short

GRWG Nov20 26c

cheers bois
Oh it will my friend
#🍻
That's not unreasonable. Good luck, it could print by Thanksgiving or atleast get close enough to sell
He’s not late. Twitter says in 3 mins
Ooh ok. Thanks for admitting. It’s fine we welcome people like you around here. High five, fellow idiot!
trump’s presidency was operation warp speed
this dude always late af
*You were gone too soon......*
I don't give feet pics to weebs
Literally watched it try and make up it's mind for 20 min
Puts on Cheetos
Look at their last filing. The company makes no profit and had no reason it should be at it's current valuation.
Because every time NIO has a shit day or two it moons for the next week. People have been saying that NIO is overvalued and that the bubble is gonna pop since it was 10 dollars. These are the same  🌈🐻’s saying Tesla was overvalued at 400 dollars presplit. EV’s are the future and anyone telling you to sell because of 1 red day hates money.
Fucking 🤡 living three days behind
More like humble fucktard with iq 17.0420 rounded to 1 decimal
Rip
tech selloff kind of already happened, I don’t think it will be as bad as monday if it sells off again. But also I know nothing
Net green 3.2k today. Did have a 2k loss early from a Li call that I bought at 9:35 and sold for a loss at 10:02 (got lucky).
Incorrect as usual.
NIO drill another 10% on monday and then another 10% after earnings 

WSB truly ruins everything it touches
Good luck
Totally... Just like me fellow 🤡
Did someone say tendies????
Watch my SPY calls be Thanos snapped in a blink
Calls...Mango not going to call a press conference to be negative
-2k
All the extra chromosomes are on today. I love it
It's been over 4 years since Harambe was murdered in cold blood, look whats happened since then... SMH
Its the only way to make their short trades work. Buy puts, then push out your "research" that you found a stock that sucks and watch as everyone tries to market sell before everyone else does. Anyway it was bound to happen for some reason or other you can't go straight up forever on speculation that Nio will be the whole chinese economy in 5 years
I'm guessing trump will just re-iterate what we already know about operation warp speed.
Oof. Sorry man.
Lmaooo
me 2 brother. got wrecked by FSLY volatility this week.
I'm sure your trades are amazing! you definitely get to be the arbiter of good vs bad trades homie
Kinda want to buy Affirm pre-IPO stock. Trading at $25 on private exchanges. That it like 1/4 what Afterpay is trading at.
ZM thoughts?
Bought at IPO and have been steadily buying more
>People are too unstable 

FTFY
The sell off planned is but timing news to coincide with the sell off at a high..
Fuck how do people rely on that? Makes me think that this dip was not Citron and was a mix of other things.
Donnie canceled conference, go home bois
Or it's your shitty internet connection.
Say goodnight to the orange guy cause it’s the last time you ever gonna see a man this orange
Hope so
They bouta punch a wall for not buying in
Gonna need dem pics now boi
I really don't think Trump gives a single fuck about anything anymore.
For some reason my brain refuses to say "palantir" and I just end up calling it "pultur". Anyone else
[deleted]
Please give me real info
[deleted]
Thanks for the tip - I’m check out further
I sold for a tidy profit and I’m waiting until after earnings to buy back in. Meme stocks drop after earnings, it’s basically a fiduciary law at this point.
This guy has like a fancy upper class kinda burgundy red. Must be RH gold.
together we ride, brother 🤝
You risking that many people to die? Go for it. I’m not.
Last I heard Xi got Ma's measurements. Better hope it's for a nice tuxedo gift. Lol
Vindictive president
I think it's time to take your meds
Trust, I'm staying down.
Weekends are the best. Can't lose or make money because markets are closed
Cheers. Sell at open on Monday like this last Monday?
You’re way good bro
My mom is trans so have fun
Wynn resorts is about to tank back to where the company belongs. $80 by end of week, even the Ceo selling off his shares
I’d cum
I’m in an abusive ass relationships with puts I really need to leave that bitch. 

But when she puts out the tendies hit soooo right 😢
Purchased NIO 11/20 $45c EOD like an idiot. Really hope I don’t regret this Monday.
Of course. I have zero recovery stonks/calls.
What if you stop loss sold and rebought at the same sale price??
Sold all my NIO stonks at 45.1 with a 13% profit. No regrets. Shits too unstable if one shitty article by a company with a terrible rep can make them drop -14% in a day.
Atta guy. I should have sold my shares this morning but I bought a put to cover them so I ain't sweatin' at all.
Operation “on time is when I get there”........
Donny thinking if he's *really* late by the time he comes out it'll be the end of Biden's term already & they'll let him stay
Mango gonna announce he got the vaccine and he feels better than he has in 40 years.
You’re proving it. You shouted down the heresy with zero criticism of substance. Nice dogma
Cause im about to buy it
Chwy ostk amzn atvi
thank god
BAN
Mango: I'm the one who created the vaccine for the hoax virus. Not the stupid scientists or doctors. Me.

Also Mango: I've instructed both the DEA and Justice Dept. to move forward with sweeping enforcement of federal legal standards regarding the most dangerous threat to our national security and public health... the adult/medical use of marijuana.
I know. What I meant was, it's safe to buy puts lol
UPDATE: I suck at trading.
I'm finally one of you guys now.
yes
I was trying to get spy puts with expiry today but broker (Schwab) kept glitching and wasn’t allowing me to buy. I guess there are instances when we should be thankful for those moments 🤷🏼‍♀️
because prestige matters too much sadly
GM 50c or 55c 3/19

* Walmart deal that starts early next year for selfless delivery
* is a "boomer" ***EV*** company with stable growth for now, will moon.
* lots of sale are in china 
* upcoming conference on Nov 19. may skyrocket on good news

i'm half year leaps on it but if you want quick bucks play a week or two after the conference for 50c, good news = tendies
NIO bears stomping their way down to the soup kitchen
He's supposed to talk about the vaccine but I'm guessing he's gonna talk about rigged elections, if not now soon. There's so many ways to contest an election is insane and the electors don't vote until the 14th.
Your next.
He probably gets in and out. I don't know why anyone listens to his word like gospel.
Err no
Same boat here but at same time I am not going to die waiting 3 months to get one either.  Really wish there was a legit way to just waitlist one.
How fucked am I after this press conference  for having pure online tech plays
I'm down from an iron condor lol
Big green dildo incoming on Monday. Good speed autist.
Or meth so it's none
I highly doubt the last lines
You avg down Atleast? You’ll be happy next week you 💎🤲
Up 34 dollars
Wait hold up....So you need the media to pump it?  

So financials arent good enough?  Whats the deal here?
I wish I had 2,5 mil to lose
I think it’ll be - Im not giving up. I’ll be back in 2024.
Soak in the press conference.. there won't be many more of these
present 💪
i’m confused wtf does that mean
You will be happy on monday then
What if instead I grab me a beer, do a $44 11/20 call and fuck your mom right in the pussy?
Jacked to the tits on SPY calls expiring Monday! Can't wait for that pump
Anyone paying attention to SPY’s bollinger bands on a weekly timeframe. Extremely unusual for it to jump outside and close at the top of the bands
Goodluck. Usually when alot of wsb retards go in on the same trade is a bad sign.
368 11/16

365 11/20
Proud to be a valiant knight of PLTR
Damn how much of a clown you gotta be to continuously post politics and then wonder why Mango is still in office. I have people on my fb feed that were legitimately confused as to why Biden isn't pushing a stimulus bill through right now. Murica's future may be fucked with these lowIQ idiots having such a loud voice. I blame Jerome Powell.
I honestly think its coming. With PA saying fuckk off
He was buying up MRNA and vaccine shit so he can pump it
There used to be some keen minds here that I came for insights. Now there are just bunch of fomo retarded fgts going thru puberty calling each other "gang" 

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5bedk?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3

Special shout out to these fuctards:
u/Humble_Genius_IQ170 
u/Truthposter100
u/yaboiRich
u/RAGE_CAKES
u/upsidedownbovine
u/DesignerFreedom
They are
s'iight. just a snack for now.... everything kinda dipped today so it's cool.
sold mine 6 min after open
Never
Did it though?
Gapping up to 50 on Monday and closing around 54. Hitting 60 post ER
[deleted]
This dude on NBC reporting from his car lmao
Lol!  Username checks out
Although they are separate companies.....  When is spacex launch?
listen here autists that missed out NIO. I had 225 shares. I then sold at a covered call at 2 dollars thinking "hey lemme gamble the premium". lost the premium because I'm a dumbass. Could've had bought more or bought back the covered call. But no. I'm autistic and could've sat on 8k profit instead of 1k.

Sucks worse than tryna suck my own dick.
I have the same feeling man
😂
You miss the part where he said he made 36%?
SELL SELL OMG SELL why would you sell those
Is 🥭 gonna come out today or what? Tired of waiting on this jackass
quite a lot 😬
Which one do Chinese autists use?  That's the one I want.
If this was good stock news, it wouldn’t be happening after close on a Friday
[deleted]
But then the retard wouldn't have a comeback. This isn't about getting to the truth, it's about predetermining your beliefs and defending them at all cost.
I had shares but my stop loss triggered. Bought calls in the dip and probably going to buy back in after seeing how things look Monday.
You for got stonks r high
leaps on theranos
Strike? Expiration?
I have the same q
Of course...
always inverse thoughts
Yes please when
Donnie concede SPY 400 Monday,
rose garden press conference happening soon
lol where am I is this post about tesla a year ago
Asset forfeiture you are too poor to play
>what kind of idiot what think a diagnostic test was anything more significant than anecdotal

Idk maybe someone who has been told all year they were science and not apparently total tea leaves.
Cuz you know it’s gonna gap up and run next Monday into the earnings
jokes on you i bought $363 11/16c
Because you can’t sit at a desk and look at reddit all day
🥭 taking his sweet ass time to talk about an operation called warp speed.
No one likes a loser
Daddy Thiel is Underrated
Nothing thankfully. Plus 30
I won't buy chinese shit because of market corruption like in 2015
Rip
I keep missing the dip on Unity software. I decided not to buy in yesterday after hours thinking it would flush in the morning, but it went the complete opposite way....

Probably never going to be below $100 again
Gotta shell out the cash man. What other choices do I have
Rip
this is the home of insecure money now
gonna go for a smoke, bet mango still won't  be up by the time i get back
Sold a call against my long call on NIO to shave meat at the top, bought it back at the bottom. Feels good
calls on enron
I'm making nearly 30 a week seeling aal calls. Literally tendie meal every friday.
Trump needs to open an only fans of him fucking hot bitches a week after he's out of office just to flex on the plebs.
You ever worked one of those jobs? It’s fucking hard man
Sold half PLTR for profit. Went full retard on SPY call
[deleted]
There is no fucking way Im taking whatever 🥭 announces that they developed and are shipping.

Desperate and sketchy as fuck
[deleted]
thats my biggest position, i have 92 contracts,  also 25 contracts for 5c Feb, and 115 contracts for 5c Nov20, and $10k in actual shares
?
Sold rest of XPEV today and opened some DKNG calls. LFG
Sup retard
I posted another screenshot so just calm down with your conspiracy theories. I didn’t only do NIO
It's .2%.

Edit: Also, 7.5B are  not infected.
We good NIO and PLTR gang gang! We good! 🛫
Jan 12 the price of the stock was 47 in 2019. I don’t think this guy has any fucking clue what he’s taking about.

You don’t have to hold them to expiry either. It wouldn’t have made a bunch in 2018 but there were opportunities to sell too.
We taught him wrong because we thought it'd be funny
No pumping today friend
Holy rip
Covid cases mooning, remember to pull up your chin diapers everyone.
SwaggyStocks showing 5k mentions on NIO today
At least you have an excuse.
this is the whey
Next time you'll have to devaluate the situation better
What big mango gonna drop on us tonight 🤔
cringe
reverse F
what's this fucking idiot about to say? why wait until the markets close?
Market stronk. Me buy puts. Me tarted.
Even better
1.9k purely from thrashing
I'm hoping it's been beat down enough that it goes back up. Seems to have bottomed out around $45 the past few years or so and rebounded. Idk man
A biotech firm working on an inhaled delivery method for vaccines cannot parter with a vaccine maker? Please explain the flaw in my thesis besides saying you are a pharmacist.
Because the fucked up plane is going to be cleared by faa soon.
Should I buy 2 shares right now or wait?
I am not scared at all. Last week of the month Is Red, next week Will be green as fuck
5K
The wall just got 10 ft shorter
Hand your account over to your wife’s bf
citron moves stocks and will move nio down farther. It's so extended from 50 day MA that institutions won't bid share price for a while and massive volume today. Got in around $47 and I'll be shorting the pops down to fib levels so around possibly 38 35 32

NIO $41P 11/27
Add some hookers and let’s make it no sleep
Nio was a fucking ride today.. Caught that 13% dip tho, felt good.
I’m down 4K just on Spy puts 😦
4500?  Fucking noob
how much are you going to comment this shit. it’s your entire comment history
Well... You are correctly being the counterparty to someone else's profit.  So yes, you are doing that right.
Hey COTY, if you want to follow REV into the 10 range im totally cool with that. Covid did you right didnt it?
That Pfizer stock sell off is planned ahead for months lmao. You have no idea what you're talking about.
Please don’t tell me they expired today
f r o m t h e r o s e g a r d e n
Damn. You didn't check market for 3 hours??? How you do that?
Obviously MRNA pumping AH. Should I go all in AMC for an epic short squeeze?
I'm staying in
Love/hate relationship with AAPL. Fuck you Tim I miss Stevie and thanks
I panic sold and made 7 day trades in RH. Now what happens?
Yall need to STFU about NIO, regardless of the position you got. Too many people telling others what to do.
TSLA TO THE MOON AFTER SPACEX LAUNCH 📈📈📈🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I knew it was coming but I overslept and couldn't sell my calls at the top + buy puts with the profits. Fuck
Im not proud of it but i used a deposit that wouldn't clear to buy calls at -14% today... I ended the day profiting $800 off that trade and closed it out at 3:59.   I don't know what this will look like come Monday i needed to make the play.  

&#x200B;

I regret nothing.
I sold NIO at a profit, but still feel like I lost
Cmon mango, give us one last dump before you leave
Seriously considered buying a lot of shares when it was around $51 today. Decided not to and it went down from there. Dodged a bullet
Update this with them deciding to listen and buy in a 50 for calls.
Assuming tech heavy?
What a chad
😂 all the money is gone but at least I got entertained
Most brokers aren’t, that’s for things like checking and savings accounts. Trading account get something called SIPC.
This is the way, I'm in it too for the long run to tendie town. Fuck that shitty little bank with their doom article, purely published to make quick money on puts
So you’re going to pay someone 2.30 for a call that is 50% otm, and $100 for one that is 100% otm? I’ll go ahead and buy the stock at $14 and not worry about it going up or down.
[deleted]
yea buddy
I got futu also but I think its more of the Ameritrade of China
Lol my YouTube for Donnie’s speech went to ‘Right Side Broadcasting Network’

The stick up these dudes asses is unreal 😂
Up 126% on NIO puts. Couldn’t sell because I fell asleep.
Call of duty Cold War is a fucking nightmare. Multiplayer installed and I keep getting booted with some error code. Slow as shit to download. Very annoying.
Lolol same
Treasury having secondary dealers pump DOW as they need cash. **monetize the debt**
you didn't splurge. you invested. hence, your wealth
🌈🐻✊🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It will print on 11/17
Wow guys why are there only 6 people at this trump rally?
1.5k
Trump is putting his best men on it. He'll never allow this corruption to stand
Nowhere to go but up I think
For once NIO isn’t up AH. Odd
Damn what a good week trading.

Time to jack off and play halo until I go to the bars in a few hours
Where is 🥭
You need some coke so its 1 or 2 sleeps 🧠
How fucked are my 57cc 11/20 NIO calls?
Imagine if 🥭's people accidentally booked him to talk in front of an Olive Garden instead of the rose garden
I think it's more a question of whether or not you have margin.
Nio gang to 500 baby
The timing. Why would you have to time leaps?
Did you at least hold onto some of the remaining 500BTC?
I feel like y’all are sleeping on FSR
i bought at the dip jan 15 50$ calls should i sell sook or hold
The contracts I picked up have devaluated by $4,500.
Fortunately I had loaded up when it was $23 a share so I didn’t lose money that I didn’t start with lol. Still up but gaaaaaahdamnit
bounced off $40 fast af... i think this may be a reasonable floor for the next few weeks
Nice try, Andrew Left. Fucking retard
Yep... sure does. Sometimes... I am so fucking stupid.
Since i wont be losing money during the weekend, will i actually be gaining?
And to be clear, i still think it’s $250-300 too high
63 dollars
Would love to see my Spy 360p 11/20 printing next week 🤑
good move brother. What calls you looking at? They are reasonably priced.
Too bad it’ll pull back again Monday
If not today then tomorrow.
Was that a glitch on activision did a whale come in and buy wtf
4k
Same brother same. It’s how the algos get us. Took a 30 dollar loss and bailed on LI puts today
what’s the plan on closing this trade?
Alexa Play Donald Trump VS Nancy Pelosi the most epic clashes
Holy shit you're right.  Thought you were full of it since it got over 360 a while ago.  But as far as a close that is crazy.

Really struggling to believe it continues to risee last 365 plus over the coming weeks even with a vaccine.

Vaccine could take some time to get to people.
Citron Mentality 

A person is smart. People are stupid.
https://www.barrons.com/articles/logistics-play-coming-to-zero-gravity-think-of-it-as-fedex-of-space-51605198498
Dad?
Calls or puts?
I just jumped back in at 401. Yes please mama would love this so much 😍🤤
Literally as soon as I clicked before it even went to the page I thought "what the fuck.. why did I just click a link in WSB?"
Closed JD calls today.. GL Monday boyz
He was just making a point about short term prospects if I understood correctly. 26 is 50 day MA, a retracement to there and I guarantee he would load up
what?
[deleted]
All Chinese company committed fraud duhh
Cuck
How much money did y’all lose today?
I just made the Lemon/Citron connection lol 😂😂
My boss almost saw this
You buy shares?
This is why Elon is great. Fuck saving money. Put that shit to work giving people jobs and creating shit. You cant spend 91 billion in a lifetime.
Who cares what the name is professor
These poots shall print as the beer flu ravages Merica and the world. GL Retard.
I’ll bring the women
Donnie is late as always.

Donnie in 20 mins: Everybody knows I won the election, I got screwed, I will never concede...blah blah blah.....

Donnie in 45 mins: Let's talk about vaccine now.

Donnie in 48 mins: Meeting is over. No questions please. Thanks.
What about the one just before it?
If they actually do something, it'll work out. It's a while out, be patient with it and see what happens.
It's a stock photo
my 20, 1/15/21 70C would very much like that.
Bears r so fuk
haha like watching chicken little run and cry.
And SPY
what if I told you I'm playing both sides like a dude on tinder & grindr just looking for some strange
Kinda. Just sell before er if your up
HOLD!  That’s actually a nice play
Juiced with CSIQ calls, baba, rocket, ICLN entering Monday. On top of a bunch of leidos and rocket shares.
I mean if we rallied this week with AMZN/AAPL off their all time highs, then next week will be an ass ripper up once megacap joins the party
It is top secret info you cannot obtain with a simple google search
$CLIT
[deleted]
Thanks :)
🍿🍿🍿
I got 40 spy 366 just waiting
Hurry the eff up Donnie so I can log off for the day
This morning like an idiot
Hey at least your old nick name: Chainsaw NoHands now fits !
Nice
Buying Intel has been a bad idea all year. I speak from experience. My 60c  Jan 22 got killed last earnings.
I'm assuming positions
I mean i know it was overbought on the oversell from Monday and Tuesday, but fuck....
Pour one out for our NIO brothers who sold the bottom. And cheers to our new NIO brothers who bought the dip.
Got a ZM 415c weeklie like a fucking idiot am I fuk?
Spy puts for Monday
Too smart for that. Next level thinking, I inversed the inverse!
np bud
Honestly, this makes me even more bullish on Nio, fuck that shit bank with his article, we're going up next week
Tesla moon to 450 so that I can get out of my calls
Great now I have to wait 3 sleeps for market to open again
Cuz you bought the top with all of your buying power? Did you sell? Or buy 0dte with no day trades left?
Rule #1 of selling puts according to a hedge fund options manager I listen to: don’t sell puts unless you’re trying to buy a specific stock at a certain price and get paid for it. Ie you like Costco at $350 but not $370, so you sell a $350p for expiration next week. You get paid a few dollars to sell the put and possibly buy those stock at a marked discount if the economy falls as much as you thought it would(3%in Costco/Walmart would be a lot). Spy is the one that really could’ve fucked you if someone goes into aftermarket exercising and you are trading spreads on robinhood that won’t time the exercise order at the exact second the other option gets exercised.
retarted
gme been eating ass for a while. surprised you haven’t pulled out yet
I know the feeling
I’m jacked to the tits in spy puts. Pray for me.
Yes they’re puts I know it was pointed out he’s lost it
Hopefully he does the opposite and crashes this bitch so he can say he is right as always !
I already bought my Lamborghini for next week. Thanks in advance nio
dog. put NSFW. what the fuck is you doin?
I took profits and sold most. Got a nervous feeling about this weekend.
BTW worth more than BMW or Mercedes. 
Yes that makes perfect sense to me!
Good boy 👦
Well played
go to bed
That's the worst I've been got in years, gj
No
The last Chinese company that was accused of fraud went from $35 to $120 in like 3 months. Bullish
Where’s the squeeze I need it!
Let me guess...NIO?
I’ll be on my yacht next to yours. On mine we do cigs inside.
gett rid of GME man
What is the call strategy that resulted in this increase?   Strike price, expiration?
Why are you like this?
Uh oh.
fuck.
Bruh istg if this prints your my daddy
Mango man bout to wreak havoc on all our positions lmao
mango 30 min late again?
ban this fucker now
....
GUH
New bull market!
itt: poor man's idea of rich man
[deleted]
I would never buy from a scalper. Honestly I shouldve laid $50 for the bot to pick up PS5s for me and the homies
I am all in and completely fucking hyped on JD calls LFG

(please xi dont do something bad this weekend)
It truly shows how retarted people are in here when I saw about 50 posts about people getting "killed by NIO" today, a stock up 105% in the past month.
Calls on Divorce court
U never gain or lose anything in life if you know who you are and what this world is.
Fuck you 😂
5c 3/21 ?
Not anymore
Exactly. Check dudes credentials and history. He's a scab.
Which would you prefer:
Positions or ban?
LI 11/20 45c
NIO 11/20 49c 11/27 54c 1/15 50c
fuck you
thats it you're not allowed to trade anymore. give me your portfolio.
Bought $52.50 INTC call exp. 06/18/21. Relatively new to options. Was this a bad idea?
🥭 pumping MRNA?
Hmmmm I don’t agree with this at all they also sold at $7 lol
imagine not buying the dip on $nio today ^(couldnt be me)
Making money is easy. All you do is buy a shit ton of calls in a company. Then buy 1 put afterwards that's near identical from the same company. That way when the market inverses your most recent purchase of the put, you'll actually be gaining money on all your calls.
True adrenaline is speeding through mexican streets so I can cross the border and make a deposit on my US account so I can buy SPY weeklies, ten minutes before market close. I truly belong here
Dec 270 baba calls here
Don’t make me jizz, I hope he is fired up
Party on my yacht  if that’s the case
[deleted]
Anyone else getting rich off JD this week and next week?? 🤑🚀🤑🚀🤑🚀
monday better be green. biden or trump better not tweet some stupid shit and keep their mouth shut 😡
[deleted]
Just general anticipation for vaccine news that will kill the stock probably.

Lot of reason to move money out of tech and back into other companies that stand to gain a ton from a vaccine, gotta liquidate the positions somewhere and Zoom's been often considered in this sub as the most overbought through the tech run.
im in a similar but smaller boat, one of the bigger oofs in my 'folio history but just gotta learn to stomach it
60 by tuesday
Lmfao talk about insider influence huh, citron investors loaded up early
Yeee hooray for the weekend
Only 80? Get a load of this nerd
ban
I got burned once as well, made a very nice profit this time and think I'm gonna sit it out for a while until volatility chills a bit.
#FUCK YES, CHINA DEAD, AMERICA RALLIED.

#FUCK THE COMMIES, GREEN > RED
[deleted]
Winners: HD earnings calls, DKNG 0DTE puts at peak of day. 

Losers: SPY 0DTE Puts, MRNA strangle

Going to be a winner: SOLO puts, unless NIO buys them.
so hes the guy that always sells me those shitty cars
I hope everyone here continues making money (so long as your trade isn’t the opposite of mine). 

I have a lot of 2021 calls so part of me doesn’t want to sell yet. Similarly, i don’t want to be guessing each day if covid is gonna hit the market or not. 

I think election uncertainty going away will provide us some tailwinds
Airline calls or puts??
Commented on the wrong thing, what do you mean 245?  545?
I don’t disagree. Just feels like it’s gonna go way back up.
What is .2 of 7.5billion?
Quit being such a cuck
I loaded up on  December ~$300 baba calls and 11/20 NIO put lottos
[removed]
I died like 3 times today. Bought nio puts at am then calls when it hit -7%
We reached solid bottom today. It had a crazy run so we were due for a pull back. Double whammy with the short report. Filled all resistance. This is solid bottom setting up for next week’s ER and related runs.
at least ✊💰
For real I picked up some spy 11/16 $364p and I'm just glad I didn't buy a lower strike. At least I won't lose it all. Hopefully.
I agree. But there are those that just entered the game today. The fomo buyers.
New lockdowns coming next week. You heard it here first cuz 🧸
Delete app, get money
I need this printed on my wall in front of my monitor
Wise words from a 10 year old!
Link to 🥭s press conference (4:30)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgvN_ZUcR3o

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1327357477428600832
Note to self: you are a very, very bad falling chainsaw catcher.
Spy rallies on the fact that the algos figured out that shorts were trapped
[deleted]
Concession speech??
Im only doing shares, and i think the same. Waiting for the dip. i know it dipped now, but i wanted to see the floor. now i kinda know where its at again, and surprise, this is what it was just a few days ago.. i think this is the "real" floor around 40-45... artificial one was this morning at 50
Hopefully Mango shows some maturity and accepts defeat gracefully and leaves us with one last vaccine pump.  Take SPY to 400 Mango.
bought some calls for this morning looks like it'l hit 10$ probaly next week  
good long term  


7.5c 11/20
what time does trump pump
Lol I read my Dad
Someone know why BA rose 6% today lmao
🙏🙏
Show me on the doll where NIO touched you
wtf, are you okay?
I'm bummed there isn't more supply. Will my msft calls be safe? Jk

Why you would buy these stupid fucking consoles instead of msft stonk is beyond me.
Horrible week. Never recovered from bloody Monday and aftershock Tuesday. Huge losses.
245?!?
Why won't more people get technical education to become electricians, plumbers...etc when those jobs pay way more than college educated jobs and have much better job security?
Oooh boy, I'm guessing Trump is about to fuck your SPY calls for next week in about 15 minutes.
go for FSR bro
i sold off 8 contracts out of 10x 54c 11/20  Just to minimize my losses.

Still have 10x 10x 47c 11/20 remaining.
Should drop just on fundamentals
Sold some NIO, XPEV shares for gains and dump them into CHIQ. It's not exciting but it's a decent way to get into Chinese consumer market.
As if we let NIO shit the bed on some lemon reporting lemon news. Made a similar claim about Tesla and went back on his word. Absolute joke
Airbnb is going to pop huge. There is just simply too much demand and too many participants in the market right now looking for new growth
Smart man
NIO going down to $32 next week
[deleted]
Pssst... if you wanna make easy money.... literally China
How soon before networks cut away?
35 after hours Tuesday after earnings.
[deleted]
you can't say the n word, ban
Bought 11/27 UVXY 14c’s. Either going to Valhalla or divorce court
True that buddy, you too!
Take a second once in a while to think ahead a move or two, like in chess. You might not be disingenuous but surely logically lazy.

If we could shut down to get rid of the flu, we absolutely **should** and **would**. The problem is that the flu mutates fast and is all around the world so shutting things down will not work because it'll be brought back from other countries.

Shutting things down **for COVID** **would work** because it's just delaying mass mortality while we develop a vaccine. If it was found that a vaccine is not possible/can't work then of course shutting things down would become pointless.
Your
When exactly did you buy
NIO started at $41.5 Monday and ended at $45.5 today.. So, !
A 50% runup in 5 days?

Shit need to consolidate eventually bruh.
Fuck 4x spy 358 puts didn't get filled, only one got filled.
Best sleep this weekend of my life knowing that I’m about to print out my fucking ass next week.
AMC 6/18/21 $3 calls

Month after Black Widow

AMCs bottom is about 2.4, should be $4.5 by then
Cisco
Lmao
Trump needs to come out with a stack of folders as proof of voter fraud. Works every time!
LOL NIO doing NIO things AGAIN !!! 

$100+ NEXT WEEK
Atleast NIO didn’t end -14%
Did anyone inverse all the wsb retards buying spy puts for the weekend?
Its says there Nio..retard
Might grab some spxs
I just bought  01/15/21 300 calls. To the moon
Are you holding thru earnings
Didnt realize the new thread was up.  Positions over the weekend

PLTR 11/27 18c, PLTR 1/2023 20c, NIO 50c 11/20, Couple 7.5c leaps on SOLO, SPY 370c 11/16(lottery ticket again since it worked last week)
You are literally daf
I sold nio at the top this morning and bought honda+Infosys calls. It feels good being right one day out of the last month.
Just glitched in WeBull, it’s okay thank god
I love how Risk Lvl is Safe lol
monday’s are green, everyone knows the rules

good luck tho
Lol no. Citron losers sold at $9 or $7
https://twitter.com/dexerto/status/1327328642225954816?s=21

Was expecting this after I saw the new AC runs on 30fps.
Exactly. Big bois can handle big drops. Chinese EV just got started baby 💰
It hasn’t moved 800% yet so we’re good. Don’t worry til $30
Anyone know what killed ZM today?
BEST TRADING WEEK FOR ME! New ATH, FROM $10 TO $20 100% YOY🤾
Have you seen a NIO in the states ?
I sold my Calls at $49 and bought back in later at $43
Big play in mind medicine right at 4. 1.2mill infusion.
So the US government is going to prop up Nikola by bailing out GM?

I bet your bathroom walls have some very interesting finger painting. Do you do commission?
All I gotta say is if you fuckers trust citron you’re going to get fucked lol, when trading I don’t listen to literally anyone except myself. They had Shopify at a sell rating two years ago lololol
[deleted]
BA bullish AF into close. Too bad she’ll pull back again on Monday. 😂
warp speed late
Y’all think Nkla will go up next week?
Fomo. We close at an ath next destination is 400. Nah dumb money is rushing in thinking the vaccines is a done deal and we will only go up from here. A few day of deep red and the panic will set in.
Nothing wrong with that. You confirmed that NIO was going to stay above resistance and not keep dumping. It might not be technically an ideal entry, but you can't see into the future.
Holy shit! Nice work dude!!!
holy shit you're gonna be so rich next week
It will go to 35
yes and no, 5yr forward looking period is hazy for all tech now
Big things from BABA coming.
i used NIO to get money
This is the way.
A watched FD never prints
Did you go all in for Monday as well
A 👨
I'll probably just keep buying more.
Puts not a great idea
F
*Market closed*


&nbsp;


PLTR: fuck that noise
My GME calls ate ass today
Posting one letter is cheating and gay. Please concede to my superiority
Yeah i have no idea what’s going on with TSLA lately
Imagine this prints
[deleted]
oh WTF WAS THAT ON BABA, I nearly got a heart attack
So now it just natural pump off earnings reports
BA bullish as eff into close. Too bad she’ll pull back again Monday. 😂
Hello
Same, I'm hoping for a big green monday and tey to get out before earnings
$FSR 20C 11/20 will be a multibagger
Imagine all the unemployment checks going to ps5 & xbox scalpers this week. I have no issue with them dictating the price based on what the market will bear, I'm just bummed that walmart & costco kept bricking when I put them in my cart.
[removed]
[removed]
Rig count up, Rona up, Oil prices up, yet Demand is unchanged 🤔
🙏
Today was one of my most painful trading days.  I made a few hundred bucks but was positioned to make 15k.  Fucking needed that money.
I can understand making plays during the day but, we all know a few dummies sold off the minute before market closed.
What about it?
If I was trump I would play it like I played it at my last job - I started wearing jeans and t-shirts, showed up late to meetings, called in to conference calls from the golf course and purposefully didn’t mute when I was teeing off...
PLTR, SPY calls

BABA leaps 

Sleep like a baby
Hopefully heading straight to 20 so we can snack up some juicy calls, then going back up to 100 eow, the market isn’t crazy
Market manipulation at its finest. I guess they don’t care if they sound like morons. They’re making money 😂
****PLTR IS BAE****
Approved
I just bought 1 share and I want to make profit. What should I do?
lmao cold
It depends how rapid it looks Monday, if it starts zooming after 9:30, I’ll flip a call or two maybe, I’ll wait till after earnings for shares most likely
Might just work. Gangbang if it doesn't though
Loaded 730 shares of PLTR during the day  🚀
If the Dems end up winning the GA special election and control all of Gov, then they will for sure push through funding to bailout every city in the US. 

Although they will try, even Dems probably don't think they'll actually win that special election for either race.
make sure to hold through earnings
Right I guess it's time to pump value stocks just in time for after market moves I can do nothing about....
Citron the kinda cuck literally looks like he makes PUA tutorial videos of bald white 35 year old beta approaching girls in Europe on the streets where he thinks hes smooth as fuck but is super cringe and pedastools any girl under 21 thats skinny
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SPY**|**$350**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-12-18**|**$6.31**|**$358.27**|**37667**|**10179**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgr8v36dkia0720v1vsl5rr) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/FlipCallsFuckPuts/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
SPY ALL TIME HIGH CLOSE. remember as the pandemic gets worse stocks go higher. This happened the entire rip in March!!
They are literally responsible for pumping NIO to where it is. You’re retarded
My F puts better goddamn print next week based on historical dips
Lmao half the country is willing to go into civil war for the guy
Aged like organic raw milk!
Would be great if Mango said "we won't wait until January, we'll start deploying the vaccine next week" but he'll mostly talk about elections 90% of the time.
the balls.
Well.. time to go gamble on golf I guess
I thought FUTU was Robin hood of China?  How many Robin hoods does China have?
I had to burn a day trade today because I looked at the market, FOMO’ed in before I had my coffee, and bailed halfway through the cup lol.
lol worried that we’ll fall Monday
How do I tell if I made money this week?
Hey look its a dumbass
NO

If it was even remotely true, there would be people talking about it and click bait articles online mentioning how it's going to ruin retail trader's bank accounts even more.
Nope I just have a watch list of about 30 stocks in two or three themes that I have been watching since March and I set level alerts. When something gets offsides to the downside I buy it and when it gets offsides to the upside I sell it. I use a combo of stock and options depending on the price of volatility. So far I have mostly just sold a bit too soon I only buy stocks at the bottom of their ranges so I dont really mind if I get stuck holding them.

For example I bought LUV for (price off top of head) 37 and sold it for 46 in about two weeks. This same trade has reoccured several times albiet the time period was a lot longer previously.
hoping yall stfu about NIO for the weekend so we know what's winning, covid cases or potential vaccine rumours
Why is Mango still the president??!
Now or when?
why, does theta eat at it every sec or somn? what if they moon? isnt their like so little iv on 0dte or somn
20 before the new year
I cant read communist
Of course
Prolly doing a line of Pepsi
Just hope people don't use dumb logic and think since NIO ran from under $10 to $50, SOLO is cheap because it's still under $10!
Nahh.. Tomorrow night
XLE 🚀🚀- it’s about time! With no place to make money except equities - and given XLE pays 13% dividend - I think there’ll be a rotation here.  Energy isn’t going anywhere for decades.  I’m heavily weighted in XLE and also own some XOM, OKE & HP.
I mean. In 1-2 years def good play. Gonna shed a lot more in the short term tho
nio either going back to 50 or back down to 41 either way spooky if you're playing options through weekend
Ok I lied, I sold my 0DTE for a few dollars 15 minutes to bell, rather than let them expire. 

Now I have enough for a few rounds of margaritas tonight. 

Have fun boys. Losers next week will be winners.
Donnie talking about the vaccine in 50 min
ATH close on the SPY. 

Hope y'all like bagholding.
Warming up to crash the market.
it’s friday retard
🤞
So who got killed by NIO today?
Bold assumption thinking she's "little"
damn Diamond handing NIO Puts lol :) cause hey someones got to save the bulls
lots stress, pain, anguish, orders, looking at numbers all just to lose $80. what i get for not following my own rules
(Ultra-Wealthy)
I like LOTR. I'm in.
The amount of back and forth spy trades I seen going into the weekend is nuts lol
[deleted]
When is mango going to spill the beans?
Always buy more than 1 contract. Always sell half at +70%. Lost over 50k chasing unicorns, but slower and steady will make you cash monies.
Yeah everybody knows what a 0dte is.

You aren't protector of the realm so gtfo calling me a pumper, Mr 🤡
Counting the “possible gains” is just dumb.. don’t yall know sunk cost?
it's so big money can buy cheap off you paper handed fucks
The sp500 isn’t up if you look at the value of stocks now compared to February due to inflation and usd value. We’re capitulating now with big money trying to out buy and out sell between value and growth stocks. Soon there will be enough happy whales and the market will decide an actual direction.
I'm shares personally, but totally agree with you. Baba will be untouched. Long term it is great
[deleted]
Wow I had a 407.5/410p on Tesla credit spread. Was up 75% yesterday dint sell it. Held till today to be down 90% held till 330 and sold for 85% loss. If I waited 10 more minutes I’d be atleast even or even up a little.  This option game has fried my brain
Out of day trades.
WTF ADBE
I haven't researched it enough to give a decent opinion lol
No they meant buy a ticket to go meet them in space.
Getting hyped up back stage
NIO Bulls RISE UP!!! LETS MAKE THIS MONEY !!!
I don't think the markets digests news as fast as we speculate it does ..
This
Oh shet mango going live for the last time 😔?
Imma be gone if SPY doesn’t eat shit on Monday. 😂
facts
Please 🥭.... my poots really need ya here!
[removed]
[deleted]
Well fellas we once again see ourselves at the top line resistance going into the weekend, coincidence ?
Wow! thank you, to whoever mentioned KCAC earlier!
# FUCK ANDREW LEFT, CAN I GET AN AMEN?
this is the only way to play
Means more money for our stocks
👍
Me but bought in too soon....
The guy speaking now (assuming part of the Trump administration?) confirmed Biden is the president-elect. 

Moon 🚀🚀
Bought some puts just in case.

If you were here in March you know shutdowns don't automatically make market go down. Stop yelling limit down because your wife's boyfriend's yoga studio closed or some shit
Wow. 50/50 ratio. People playing so scared. SAD.
Sold my shitcoin and doubled down on the Chinese EV trifecta. If this doesn't work I quit.
Pumpin Melania rq
it could have been any reason... nio was due for a correction, all you needed was a small minor reason for people to pull the plug
Fuck them they were wrong every time and just in their own interest pieces of shit
Nvda calls and spy puts for Monday. I may be fucked both ways.

I picked chinese for dinner for those wondering.
He must hate money trying to short an irrational market
Ok ill say what everyone’s thinking NIO calls for earnings next week
Apple needs a catalyst for the next leg up
Same
BAC 29C 1/15
I wud nut
thank you kinda stranger, will def add this to my list of strategies going forward, i can see this working well with sector etfs
[deleted]
This will be unbelievable in 2 years...think 150+
KNDI
Yes
I am
Citron is that loser kid in school that throws a fit to get attention, honestly kinda pathetic
Congrats and fuck you
[deleted]
Bought 20 spy calls for Monday and about 10 spy puts to protect myself.  I think spy is gonna gap up back to ath.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/slardar722 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
both and one cancels out the other so SPY 400
More like they dumped you
You got ballz my friend.
Yes all day.
I don't trust myself to do that kind of trading half the time. Either you miss the dip and buy too high, or you get a bad entry on IV pop and don't make a solid day trade.

So fuck it, I'm holding my 12/18 40c and 50c with diamond hands and not letting go.
I think my favorite part of today was seeing the calls I sold tick down to 0 eod after being at .01
**Roll Call for All those holding NIO and/or LI calls over the weekend**
[deleted]
No it's actually very easy to falsify documents like that. Hell it's as simple as setting up a P.O. Box up there and mailing shit to it.
r/investing gonna pass out on this lmao
Well I got big bags and big balls, no calls and holes in  walls. It was not a good day today Ice Cube
DAILY REMINDER RUG PULL TOMORROW
I bet vaccine, from my POV market won’t sell off hard on lockdowns imo
[Reminder: If you order this evening you might have time to wear this bad boy to dinner next Friday with the little lady](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07S2FLGJX/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_mgVRFbMKXEE66)
Is FSR a play alongside NIO, XPEV & Li in this eV casino  game?
Spy poots gonna print Monday
Could be elite
They say ‘put up or shut up’

Well I’m quiet as a mothafucka because these 0DTE SPY puts I got were definitely not up.
fif
He better pump the ever loving shit out of stocks, give us one last hurrah like the good ol times
Surprised none of you are in PLTR, mooning
nah ur prolyl good
[deleted]
never see it go down
mango coming in with ONE. LAST. PAHMP!
hahaha; explains the massive 1DTE short positions in NIO yesterday
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hey OP, rather than continuing the long-standing tradition of [complaining](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/52yee2/petition_to_remove_this_subreddit_from_rall/) about post quality and the imminent death of WSB you can use WSBVoteBot in the comment section of every new post to remove bad posts yourself. Use our flair searches to find DDs and understand that having over a million users means you'll have to scroll farther to see all of the day's posts.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bought NIO calls and SPY puts at close
Legit 👍
Positions over the weekend:

PLTR 18c 11/27
PLTR 20c 1/2023
NIO 50c 11/20
Couple long dated 7.5c on SOLO
SPY 370c 11/13(lottery ticket bet again)

Cmonnnn
i sold those to you lol, they might not
Got 15 12/18 SPY 290P at close, see you fuckers Monday.
Where is the orange man?
Last two months of year have always been bullish.  Boomer FOMO
Who's getting paid Friday/Monday and getting ready to pump the markets?

Let's fucking go, xpev, nio and li to the moon. 

These Chinese girls are ready for the gang bang.
Will hit 370 next week, buy calls first thing Monday
I sold all my NIO shares, bought in at 40, sold them at 43 after watching it sink from 54 this morning. I only had 200. I took a stress nap right after.

I literally had a dream that i woke up and NIO was at $7/share again and i kept refreshing the page and it jumped up to $10/share within 2 page refreshes because everyone was chipping back in. I bought 500 shares at $13/share after the next page refresh then i woke back up.......
Honestly the premiums on BABA were insane on Tuesday. I sold a $260 put for $800 and it opened LOWER the next day and I still hadn't lost any money.
Now I am at 25% profit still even though it is basically ITM.

Did the same thing the week before, but with a weekly put, another $600 for minimal risk thanks to IV spike
I don't know why you guys don't want VIX to drop. Low VIX means cheap options. Remember last year when you could buy weeklies on SPY for 50-60 cents vs. $2-3 today?
Recommendations?
1nd
😂

4 am hits w bad news and ur shitting in the shower all night holding ur phone and a beer
lmao I'd love to know his net worth with a track record like that
[deleted]
yesir bababbabababbabababbabaa da wae
Mango would not enforce lockdowns. State by state case
I'm surprised how one person's opinion caused a 20% sell off. Institutions got soggier paper hands than retail
Profit is profit bro I rather that than 99% worthless contract
I am scared but also confident.
They are so good at separating me from my 💰
yeah i picked up some 360 shit for march i think
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yh9i0PAjck&ab\_channel=cosmicrat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yh9i0PAjck&ab_channel=cosmicrat)
Nailed it. All the old Germans around here maybe took the family to Hawaii when they sold 100 acres to a developer. Probably didn't even like it, and wore jeans and work boots to the beach. Other than that, same clothes, same boots, same tavern. You'd never know.
with the way the market has been on mondays, you might not even be. just gotta have a real butthole tensed weekend until you find out monday
Feels a lot like that SA article about ENPH that tanked it about 10% to the $39 range, currently sitting at about $100
alright retards, cough up the NIO loss porn
[deleted]
Wtf would have thought GE would breakout like this?  RIP my puts.  F u larry culp
65... gee
[deleted]
prob both. vaccine is federal led. lockdown orders are issued by states
Perfect
I hope not right now lol
several
Fuck, I dumped my NIO leaps for a 99% loss today :(
Lol lucky you .
11/20 17c

I’ll roll them into BABA leaps if it keeps on consolidating
Do y’all think NIO is going back up soon?
Well three of you are wrong
Monday will either by -1200 or +1200 for the DOW no inbetween
Dreams are broken again bears 🐻
I made lots of money today
Seriously regretting not loading up with more gay bear shit for the weekend. I was super busy all day and then suddenly realized the market was closing in 10 minutes and I had to make some plays fast so I just got SPY puts. Wish I had thought to get some VXX calls too. Tons of places going back into full lockdown. Guaranteed gap down on Monday.
I’m a permabull but 30% of my portfolio is SPXS, I live on my NIO $17 calls ama
Link to 🥭s press conference

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgvN_ZUcR3o
Like if you’re depressed
Not even close bitch
anyone see that -1.35% on SPY? maybe a glitch?
NIO is up 7% on the week though
BAC 28p 11/27
Gotta be vaccine news. to make himself look good
I’ve never owned any Nio, but seeing so many people on here feeling like they just happened to actually get out right at the peak makes me feel like it’s going up 25% next week.
you should stop getting high so you can process more than little information. what dont you get?
See you guys on Monday when NIO opens at 55
:( sad day
NIO to $55 Monday
Think KCAC will keep pumping?
Loaded up 500 shares of PLTR 🚀
Same I would have hit pdt if I sold and that would have fucked me. Who knows maybe I could have used the time off
Sounds good
I bought puts 🤷🏻‍♂️ 50/50 shot
>IV crush is real but at least I was right about price movement. #Feelsgoodman

even a blind squirrel finds a nut once in a while
Me!
You lose
Today was fuckin BEAUTIFUL
Lucky I’m in long NIO but let me just say: FUCK YOU CITRON
This is, without a doubt, the more realistic and accurate answer
ATH Monday?
Well, this didn’t age well today.
mods are gayyyyyyy
Flash crash at open Monday?
I am here and scared
Sure, OP just dropped a decent SUV with 60,000 miles on it, and I'm the retard.

Edit: it's Monday now, and OP has upgraded his losses from a used SUV to a down payment on a 3-bedroom in Vermont with 2 acres but it needs a little work.
##Top trending tickers, sentiments, and options on /r/wallstreetbets for the day of November 13, 2020.

────────────────

###Trending Tickers:

**Ticker**|**Company**|**Mentions**|**Bulls / Bears**|**Price**|**Change**|**P/E**
:-:|:--|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
NIO|NIO Limited|2454|65.44% / 34.56%|$44.54|-7.78%|-
BABA|Alibaba Group Holding|272|85.93% / 14.07%|$260.82|-1.32%|26.60
SPY|Exchange Traded Fund|245|43.23% / 56.77%|$357.45|1.20%|-
PLTR|Palantir Technologies|241|88.60% / 11.40%|$15.64|7.24%|-
SOLO|Electrameccanica Vehi|238|85.44% / 14.56%|$6.44|33.33%|-
LI|Li Auto Inc.|153|68.92% / 31.08%|$31.12|-2.09%|-
TSLA|Tesla, Inc.|124|80.43% / 19.57%|$407.40|-1.06%|815.37
FSR|Fisker Inc.|120|90.91% / 9.09%|$17.35|15.59%|790.00
DKNG|DraftKings Inc.|110|80.00% / 20.00%|$43.13|4.56%|-
ZM|Zoom Video Communicat|104|88.00% / 12.00%|$401.01|-6.45%|547.43
XPEV|XPeng Inc.|96|76.32% / 23.68%|$42.25|-5.54%|-


────────────────

###Trending Options:

**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Expiration**
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
NIO|$45|Put|11/13
NIO|$60|Call|11/20
BABA|$300|Call|11/27
SPCE|$25|Call|11/27
BABA|$295|Call|11/27
PLTR|$25|Call|2/19
PLTR|$22|Call|2/21
DKNG|$40|Call|1/15
FSR|$20|Call|11/20
SPY|$350|Put|11/20
SNE|$100|Call|12/18
UVXY|$14|Call|11/27
ZM|$500|Call|11/27
SPY|$353|Put|11/16
DKNG|$50|Call|1/15


────────────────

###Trending Sentiment:

**Sentiment**|**Comments**|**%**
:--|:--|:--
Bullish|762|57.42%
Neutral|9803|-
Bearish|565|42.58%


────────────────

###Other Data:

**Overall Market Sentiment:** Bullish

**Comments Searched:** 11130

**Newly Trending Tickers:** SOLO, FSR, DKNG

────────────────

You can view all top trending tickers on /r/RedditTickers.

Notice an error or have questions? Reply to this post or message /u/smallstreetgains.

Financial data provided by [finviz](https://finviz.com/).
[deleted]
Thanks, man--NBC was sucking
To gloat about winning NC
Lets just hope the little roots stand strong for us
no I invested in this company. thats how much I believe in it.. and ill keep believing in it til its around a 100 dollars.
When the shitpost are actually shit
First
That’s hot bro best of luck!
First you cunts
Who got wiped?
Buy otm leaps for all ev chip airline casino stocks
SAME THING WAS SAID ABOUT TESLA 

What's the catalyst behind thinking Nio won't sustain this price range
[deleted]
Why do you hate yourself so much?
You need help hiding the bodies?
They were not. It’s ok it was like $200 worth. Just a nice little weekend boost.
Because market makers are making money off keeping the market propped up and puts expiring worthless. It’s why it ignores news such as more lockdowns, yet uber goes higher.
Yea def wont b circuit breakers again
Who bailed them out last time? Who will next time?

Edit: i only sniff the finest imported glue
Holding BA and BABA I guess I’m a fuckin sheep
Until you 💎 🖐🏻 and lose you ass like I did 🤡
$600 not a lot to most people but still sucks 😢
His articles matter because he shorted TSLA, SHOP, PTON, ZM. This is an indicator that NIO is a buy!
that's not good
Anyone else holding SPY call over the weekend or am I the only retard?
Whats your bet more lockdowns or more vaccine news?
Definitely fucked on those spy puts, someone sold you them already expired 🤣
[deleted]
BA 0DTE calls printed for me lol

Why you buy puts
PLTRR

11/20 16c boutta printttttttt
Haha thanks, just trying to survive out here
Spy 370 Monday
I got doo doo’d on and took a loss of $6k thanks to the stupid vaccine news
Or because you were smart and had stop loss orders triggered and then sell puts to either re-enter or make more money.
Never touching that trash again
How is SOLO holding up so well despite other EV stocks got fucked? I bought puts near EOD. Am I fucked?
its ok, gonna make it all back and then some
And in the meantime... Already up a whole five dollars on my UPWK call
[deleted]
Supposedly news is now saying they’ll share anything worthwhile that he might say. So yes sounds like it.
This looks like me back in April losing almost 100k on spy puts. You will probably suffer the same fate. Good luck retard
If they were I’d be rich cuz I would have shorted NIO
it means tech go upsies again
Amazon moonin then
Is this the unemployment line?
IV crush is real but at least I was right about price movement. Feelsgoodman
I started two hours ago cheers
You know what they say, money goes and money goes
respecc, fam.
I hate how this cuck thing has taken over the sub
Very
Bought spy puts and Vix calls for Monday. Too many people saw that play. I’m fucked.
ATH across all 4 major indices and Northeast likely shutting down.

*History doesn't repeat itself, but it often rhymes* - some dead dude.🌈🐻
Why why why do u guys buy shit like that man
Bought xpev at the top today at @51 then bought more on the dip @41 to balance it out. Am I doing this right?
Noooooo I need my allowance to buy weed and beer
God I hope not. Bought puts at close to hopefully recover from today where everything I had took a shit.
not at all
[removed]
Some gay bear boomer and they don’t
I know that but market is already up today in anticipation "buy the rumor sell the news"
Yeah, I just wish I had sold at 52 when I heard of the Citron report. I should know by now those things always cause unreasonable selling. I could have gotten back in at the bottom and had 3.5k spare cash to either put in or hold to the side. Oh well.

The biggest silver lining for me is not just that this was the bottom, but that it filled all the gaps that everyone said needed to be filled from it gapping up twice from XPEV and LI earnings. Now that those gaps have been filled and resistance confirmed at 44 (I was going to be VERY worried if it closed below 44), we can continue the moon mission in earnest without worrying as much about pull backs.

I highly, HIGHLY doubt we see a pullback to 25 like Citron claims. It smells of pure FUD.
I don’t think that’s the way to play...
He’s still the president
I'm a Giggolo, always on the go. Every time I turn around I've got another show.
NO - USE ANOTHER BROKER BUT BE READY TO LOSE ALL YOUR MONEY
Withoht a doubt. The “off market” trading for these boys is wild. I was kicking myself all day for not doing a bit of intraday day trading and buying the dip after. Would of added a pretty sweet cherry on top 😅
Lord knows I’m going in dry for that big ass money! My profits are gonna make Citron wince more than when they sucked the fucking juice out of whatever hellbound lemon gave them their retarded ass name holy fuck!
One thing I'm not gonna miss is prez being late to his press conf
Try, try again.
11/6 was a week ago so yes
Sign me up for that autism cure..

NKLA $12.50P 12/18
thats how you lose instant deposits
Why? I love 2 because then I can sell 1 and let one ride
good feature idea
Well I’m fookin holding NIO calls over the weekend I guess
What dates did u get calls for? How do you plan to use ‘em?
Legit.  Thank you!
[deleted]
Nice. But You’re playing with fire with 0DTE. You shouldn’t be recommending it to anyone because it’s insanely dangerous. It’s pure gambling. Best of luck
[removed]
AMC please declare bankruptcy
lol stop
"Urging people"

Who cares lol
Some bitch named margin calls you.
Cant blame retail Noobs. They haven't been around long enough to know Citron is a bottom feeder that preys on insecure retail.
My most sincere condolences to half of wsb that got wiped out on Nio today. RIP.
Glad to hear it worked out 💪
God damn now that’s a lotto ticket. How did you actually fill at .01??
Why is mango speaking. No one cares about him anymore
Can somebody explain me in idiot words what a put is, it’s like going short with the option to abort, is that close?
Definetly $30 by the end of the year
Fair enough. Hopefully not something substantial!
Apu Nahasapeemapetilon here, I may have sold you some of those contracts. Thank you, come again.
I got it at close
They might try it if they can force through enough stimulus money. Seems unlikely with the vaccine results though.
I wish
Forecast for weekend: me drunk for 48 hours starting now.
IMG_6681.jpg
Ur fucked vaccine news coming out this weekend
I’m bad at this
Bigly.
Price action today didn’t seem to matter. I mean record highs. I think so too though, but don’t want to get caught on the wrong side of the trade
[removed]
I guess my 1/15/2021 10c aren’t dead after all.
That's two thus far, Shooter.
He's always a hour or two late to these things.
No
Yeah its so clear that the citron article was just to rob retail investors. I'll double down when it bottoms out, looking for around 40 again
SPY 20x 350p 11/6. 
NIO 10x 45c 11/20 

Bought at close. 

Am I fucked?!!?!?
Hold through earnings
Literally just came on to ask this.

Thank you.  Unless it's a rick roll
I never sell when I'm up 100% but wait until I'm -60% and the sell

... true story
# are 0 DTE options available in RH ?
Who the fuck is Andrew Left and why does his article matter
What a poor black and white view of the world. Sad!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nah bro, my friend held so I held too. I'm gonna see how long I can just piggyback off other people before I go broke. I give it a few weeks.
Holding 11/18 360 Calls. Already up 80%
You’re really pushing it. 😂
[deleted]
Post the loss porn ya crybaby bitch
she said she doesnt care but it's coming out of your allowance.
I’m not proud of my emotional driven ~~investing~~ gambling decisions today. Went full tilt throwing all kinds of shit at the wall to see what stuck. 18 yr McCallan will be used to soothe these wounds.
[deleted]
Everybody knows the MRNA data is gonna be good. No real upside. Biggest move would be a surprise to the downside
Unusual activity doesn't mean much big money can speculate all the hell they want with millions.
Fucking STMP closes right above 185 so I don’t get assigned smh
Prediction for your own portfolio?
All the NIO bulls should send a video of us piping Andrew Lefts wife to Andrew
NIO already up AH
Finally time for the REAL stock market to open up!

#THE WEEKEND DOW!
“What goes up must come down”
-🌈🐻 Newton
So you're saying nio sub 5p on earnings? Makes sense. Wsb always calls the top on chineese stocks
Another user from Oregon.
Thank you and fuck you too
I made some money riding NIO down bought in at the top, like you do, so hopefully balance out 🤷🏻‍♂️
agreed
Fucking Pussy!!

Me too. 😓
NIO puts
Buellar??
Why dont you just close the position early?
Covid cases mooning, pull up your chin diapers people.
It was tough, I personally thought we'd see 39 again. Sold for profit and ended up buying right back in at where I sold after missing the bottom lol
I switched from baba to pltr on Monday fuck baba
Fuck man share the tendies i went broke on spy puts today.
💎
We'll see Monday
Alexa how many times was NIO mentioned?
Well like you said, they plan to adjust the total amount later anyway. If nothing else, it'll count toward a credit or tax due on your taxes at the end of the year.
It was 25 million! Not 2.5!!!
[deleted]
Lockdown 2.0 incoming this weekend gents. Not a 🐻 just bein honest
“THE ELECTION WAS A FRAUD”
I didn't loose anything lol. I'm actually still up quite nicely.
yes
Link to 🥭s press conference

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgvN_ZUcR3o
Congrats and fuck you
Id be more worried about her bf
Hopefully higher. Lost out on so many tendies this week
Either going broke or making bank on monday. Bought 100 11/20 343p as my final yolo. Down like 10k this week. Expecting trump will report some miraculous cure for corona in 10 minutes but can't bring myself buy calls given where we are at
bru the market is straight day to day. 2020 has made that obvious
LI,why can you take off AH like your brother NIO?
What did you do?
Don't make me precum
if you know what you're doing and buy cars like stocks you won't lose money (aside from gas and such, but that's like a rental fee) unless you fuck something up
my wife now
No what happens if they don’t clear?
COVID bad news good for tech calls
yea citron has a long history of manipulating stocks
[wsbsynth.com](https://wsbsynth.com) 3600+
F
They are loading up on calls and shares lol
VIX got killed today. Loaded up on a few OTM puts. Guaranteed gap up Monday!
40,700 profit  on 1 DAY NIO trades. [https://imgur.com/a/m2R3IOS](https://imgur.com/a/m2R3IOS)
BAC 28p 11/27
Cash gang over the weekend
LTHM December 15s went up 70% from when I bought em.  LIT barely moved on options but there is so little IV it doesn’t surprise me.
&#x200B;

**The governors of California, Oregon and Washington issued a joint coronavirus travel advisory on Friday urging people arriving to their states to self-quarantine for 14 days.**
You!
Said it about NIO last week, say it about the entire market next week. Sell off will be epic! 🥳
Spy is showing big dick energy right now
alright went all in on BABA 275c 11/20s, way to oversold for mere anti trust CCP bullshit
ZM 415c for Covid news over the weekend
Daddy has spoken
“I’m not fucking leaving!”
It goin moon
not by choice lol
Yeah I'm loaded up way too much for the weekend lol. Oops
My god I lost it all. Pls don’t tell my wife
Sold nio leaps at 50 bought back at 45... lets get a big open monday to push my account over 25k for the first time
Because caffeine bro. Shits glorious. Who needs fiber when you can shit yourself awake
I'm making money by selling puts.
decisions decisions, do I keep these 360c 11/16
Holy shit what a terrible play
After hours are already at $15.91
I sold them on wednesday when it looked like they were gonna drop below support, silly me lol. I'm over it now though, in the process of making it back slowly and steadily. Plus, some people lost a lot more than me, and im learning that if you shoulda coulda woulda, youll end up miserable.
[deleted]
than. let's try to master 4 letter words and when to use them before lecturing people about microeconomics and stock prices, please.
xpev is second to nio.  xpev has it's advantage due to one of the employees from tesla copied the source code for autopilot just before accepting the job at xpev.

pretty crazy stuff
100 @9.69 &69 @ 8.90;  sold 100@ 16.69 bought back100 @15.2
NIO  was just making sure we still got shooters out here 😤
Still holding my FSR 11/20 20c like a 🤡
seems smart. don't do it
If you didn't buy PLTR calls EOD I feel bad for you
Dangerously revenge traded 0dte NIO so somehow it all worked out today
[deleted]
At this point jm better off becoming a boomer and dca into SPY🤡

Man i suck at this game
Integer overflow
1 day down and then 1 day up, so red Monday
are baba $420 calls for 11/17 fucked?
[removed]
All that just to make $28.00 lol 

4 for 4 on me boys
This guys the fuckng idiot that told you to just sell it lmao.
Ah okay I was interpreting it wrong 

I guess my call credit spreads for Monday are safe maybe idek
I like this mans voice
That sell off wasn’t too bad considering how much the stock had gone up.  We just have to wait until Tuesday.
Ruin by how much?
With you there. 3k myself
Won't make a difference when it is 70 EOnW
That’s. Hot. Congrats. Bought the dip hard af today. Both long term and options.
4:07 PM normally
theta gang can be pretty fun at times when it closes near your strike price
>I shorted via spxs and I'm getting fucked. 

Well, we obviously need you to short some more. Always inverse the retard, right?
Better late than never. Enjoy!
Not betting against the market. Tf
Mango talking soon ugh
I think everything right now is nuts like Nio is going to hit 70 End of next week
The weird thing is, Ford actually put a lot of effort into the Chinese market. But the past few years its product management just has gone straight downhill. Losing that edge over there certainly didn’t help the stock, on top of its late arrival to EV sector. Very curious to see how Mustang and the other models pan out in America. The Detroit firms are in prove-it mode to investors,  without that full government policy support.
I love you PLTR strong finish bb
50c
🔥🔥🔥
🔥🏡🔥
🔥🔥🔥
Sameee. Up 25% already
as someone who sold all my nio stock to take the profit real quick, to be fair this is the first bad day. We've had dips before, but nothing like this. Im definitely wary AF now but i believe in NIO long-term.
I need to stop assuming the market will behave reasonably. Bought these spreads a week ago thinking there’s no way the market just keeps surging to ATH while covid is surging to ATH and beginning to start a new wave of lockdowns. But obviously no matter what, the market now just keeps rising and surging.
Alexa
Lot of bull will loose their ass over the weekend! ✌🏻 peace out
JD will be the PDD of next week
What?
Some ridiculous retard strength propping up ACB. Looking at level 2 large orders keeping it above $7. Fuck that, bought 10 more puts.  

Overall shit day lost $700. Pigs get slaughtered and I was the 🐷
Disney 160 next week. The mouse is back to fuck your  butt
By definition it really isn't.
Just bought 13k being a gay bear, spy better drop Monday
Did they clap after the bell on Black Thursday?
Give us the weekend thread now
Trump speech soon, hold onto your butts
LI and nio 🤣🤣
Just begun
Alright Autists it’s Weekend
Relax, this sub is literally talking about NIO all day while we're about to get fucked again.
I bought a single 350p, not too much to lose of its goes to shit over the weekend
Shadiest Beta Cuck on Wall Street.
Anyone ever abuse RH instant deposit with funds they know wont clear?
Bought 2. Should’ve bought 1 instead.
NKLA... A 40 Billion market cap in July by selling photoshop pictures and lies. NIO sells cars and hasn't stated any big lies. Stocks are about the future not the present or past... unless their past was really bad.
Even if you did get assigned that’s an incredible price
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/BUTTHOLE_SNIFFER the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
RKT +.28%

Fuck it good enough
[removed]
The sneaky ass DMT elves told me to buy SPCE
Oooof dude rip
Nice logic.
go make some more money while its closed.. hustle
Yes. That mans got swag out the ass. And is rich as fuck.
how do i find the bot who can tell me how many times NIO has been mentioned in here today?
Haha down on my QQQ calls and my QQQ puts
JD opening 100 monday
Literally think i.made every wrong move today
Long term it’s great because if you have dividend reinvestment enabled it works out. But typically stock price pre dividend - dividend = stock price after dividend. And then there is recovery time where it would go back up.
BA puts ruined me today
BABA 270 next week
Eww..... go steak fried rice or throw that shit in the trash
I'm in Hawaii. Some times I don't want to wake up at 4am after doing actual work all day before.
I didn’t realize it’s 4pm already!! 😰😰
NIO guaranteed v-shape on Monday
Bet on sports
Who is ready to watch Trump spend 20 minutes whining and then 2 minutes talking about warp speed and give no new info?
Nobody tell him.
What time does weekend thread go up you cunts
Sold early
Let’s go trump spy 400 qqq 310
Lol. I guess there was a delay on my ninja edit
Just buy intel leaps
I'm not, but you probably should be. 

Enjoy your learning experience you paid $2000 for that most of us got for free in 15 minutes on YouTube.
Most people don't tbh.
i made too much money being a bull this week.  i turned gay bear going into weekend.  spy gotta be red Monday
PLTR about to yeet itself to Mars 

Strapped and loaded with 11/20 17c
Show me on the doll where NIO touched you today
This is fine
Before I got it they actually sent me a notice that my wages were adjusted and I was overpaid. Never sent them the overpayment (they basically said I didn't have to pay it back personally, they would just deduct it from future payments or my tax refund). All this like 3 months after my last claim. Then a couple days later they drop $666 into my account. Pretty fishy amount.
It’s going to the moon Monday
God I hope the PDD run continues 👏🏼👏🏼
I saw a lot of unusual option activity with large calls on it. So if I lost my $500 I won’t fell bad because I saw someone place thousands on it for next week
Why the fuck would you invest in coffee
First of all, relax. I bought in at $30 and sold at $44.50 I don't really see the issue here.
Gj
Somebody get that big little nigga off twitter
[deleted]
This place ain't for shitcoins. Fuck off and you don't need to go spamming multiple forum about it.
GREEN IS GREEN
Fuck today was too wild for me. Getting hammered tonight. See you all Monday
[deleted]
thank u
All the rich old Ukrainians around here who sold farm land as the city encroached on it and built large commercial rental spaces are what I encountered often.  Ate cheap, lived cheap, nice new truck always but same, no cares for fashion, travel or anything like that.
Game, blouses
Only down 24% today, not bad!!
It was all you man, we hit $4 today <3
Up 8$ today.. so much fun
Time to sleep for 2 days cya on monday
Weekends suck
Sorry for being late, but I have a bunch of 3/19/21 270 calls
10 x MU 11/20 60.5 C  
5 x SPCE 12/18 31 C  

My body is ready.
NIO open 60 Monday will be wild
Not a bad day at all.. seeing account ending 30$ green rather than down 800$ 😂😂😂😂
Dam looks like this guys nuts will have to stay small
Pit just locked down all schools,  if New York does that its no good.
I'd never rest easy if I had 140k in Robinhood
I regret touching NIO today
What’s your position
Robinhood is objectively shit, only retards should use it
Every day I have 30k queued up for various yolks and never pull the trigger. Feels like in saving 30k everyday
We all livin the same life here
Make sure you wake up super early for futures
This.
Gyna
Nio to be sub $5 by close next Friday. Thats 11/20 5p why, because you all are going to learn why china laughs at American investors (ptsd flashback to luckin coffee). 

Disclosure.... I play both sides and I always lose.
That moment when NIO is down 7% today??? You guys think that this is a sell off? Or do you think that it will go back up soon?
$270c 12/31

Literally can't go tits up
Weekend dow never lies
tomorrow's Saturday twat
welp i have calls. 🤞 monday green
Maybe
Andrew Left reeks of jealous envious beta

The saying is so true: When youre at the top people will blow themselves up trying to take you down SMH

Article admitted he sold out of NIO at $7..
I'm not ready for it to be the weekend. I hate the weekends.
this dude jelqs
I have the ugliest Day chart today ..from up 98% at open to down -20.5% to closing up 8%

Jesus, what a day holding NIO and FSR . Can't wait to do it all over again next week. Have a good weekend boys
Then stop up voting these shitty posts(not you in particular).

I fucking hate these posts. It's obvious the person doesn't trade or only has a few dollars at risk. If you don't trade, you can't post. That should be the fucking rule.
Not to mention the price targets from various large backs like Schwab, Citi, etc. They have it in the 40-45 range, and growth stock have a tendency to rise above price targets quickly.
Ok I definitely should have closed some trades out. That was my fault for getting greedy into the weekend
NIO is the stimulus.
Did
If green Mondays are usually due to red Fridays, does a green Friday mean a super green Monday?
Link to 🥭s press conference anybody?
But its weekend tomorrow...
Calls are fun but when you hit a put that shit is straight fire
SPY calls for Monday?
Too late
I heard Lil Yachty might be dropping some fresh singles.  Do with it what you will
We rotated into Chinese EVs ofc
Trump conference is just gonna be a whole lot of nothing
https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/_/gc0j1ls/?context=1


Fucking called spy.
So do I :(
Everybody watching Moderna and Pfizer? Trump is about to light rockets off
Next week we’re seeing 70.
I joined in early afternoon. 170c 12/24.
Fuck go back to the old ones. PLTR be 7 bucks for me to go all in on and FSLY, TSLA be cheap too.
I hate myself but I get excited seeing covid cases increasing.  $chwy $amzn $ostk $atvi LOOOL
574 MILLION FUCKING SHARES TRADED ON NIO TODAY!
I also think that. Markets are very short sighted, particularly now. Earnings are on Tuesday... after those come out and it's like the number of cars delivered has doubled or some shit people will hop right back on the wagon.
Today I learned that GM is the American guberment. 

Can you please send me some of your personal glue stash? That shit is potent.
GE puts have to be free money
Fuck I didn’t get filled on solo eod
💯
40 is the FOMO floor.
Facts thanks for not being a 🌈🐻 moon .Monday baby
I mean welcome to wsb lmao. Teach me sensei
YOU WANTED A NIO DIP LOL U GOT IT TODAY.  HOPE U ATE THAT SHIT LIKE SHRIMP FRIED RICE.
4House
This didn't age well.
>RIP. It’ll all be worth it next week. You only lost money if you had paper hands today. Big boys bought the dip

Ive been holding since like 29, im just watching form the sidelines
Until 1/20
420 @ $9.30/share
Lets see if u regret this
Nope not at all lol
and touchdown!!! strong close for the week...
I don't know man.  Some view money as evil, some as a game as in how much I can amass.  Some want to retire rich af and in my great uncles case he wanted to better the generations he left and he did that.  Big up to those people. 

The basement dude is living as he was raised really.  I don't know what he takes joy in.  His goal was to build a big apartment building and retire off of it.
Ended the day up $15 😎
Mondays are always green in 2020
I wanna see 30% gap up Monday morning to trap all the 🌈 🐻
What time does the weekend thread post
Pton also just so stupid how the game is played
Good job my man
Nice gain!
What's more satisfying: making money or taunting gay bears?
Depending on expiry, I would be buying some $270 Nov 20 or later calls
[deleted]
limp dick tsla trying to go up $5 lmao....thinks its nio or something....can it hold....no...the red dildo comes out to whack it down to finish the week hahahaha
Market is retarded, as well as hedge funds that decided to start buying at the top. 

[https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EmtMoQBXYAQZm3u?format=jpg&name=medium](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EmtMoQBXYAQZm3u?format=jpg&name=medium) 

Considering this level of retardation, there is no hope, the next year will be the actual end of the world.
Would TSLA drop back to $200s again if its factories close down?
[deleted]
Well if I had the day to do over again, I'd definitely not have flipped my ZM and AMZN positions to shorts mid-day.  All in all, gg, see you slags on Monday.
🔪🧸
I wish you good fortune in the week to come
Just in case you aren’t in on it that my friend is a joke
Gg for this week
anybody who didnt use today to double down on nio is actually fucking retarded
1.8k fuck
NIO 11/20 45C YOLOOO
STOP THE COUNT
anyone betting on lulu and sbux or anything becky related
Lol!!!
PENCILS DOWN
Look within.
57c
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/StelmakDenis don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you buy calls when it's green and puts when it's red, you ain't black
watch LI shoot up AH
Ahead of u bud, I got in the day of IPO
Got 1
Price floor is 40...
[deleted]
I hate saying this but I genuinely cringed so hard...
Lmao
Pin risk is a bitch.
“Big dogs”....they’re called whales you clown.....Spoken like a true investment banker. Clearly there’s people here with millions, I’m just saying you aren’t one of them unless you got a trust fund. And since you talk like you’re 15, there’s not a chance in hell your parents would be dumb enough to give 8 figures some kid

Walk into a hedge fund and ask for a job since you’re clearly the next warren buffet. Do me a favor and record it so I can shit myself laughing when they embarrass you
Fuuuck, I bought my 357 calls this AM for 0.40; sold them at half value due to paper hands and only recouped some of the loss back by jumping back in at a higher price.
I think it could work with positive WMT+ numbers
BLNK calls rn
I am jacked to the tits with baba
Ge puts r super cheap. Ready for bloody monday
It's a sign. $AMZN Bout to buy the wutang album off Martin Skrillex. It is known
Options expiration with many being 45c. People sell stock to try to keep it below that price so they wont have to get it called away.
Yeah big red day
SPY ATH

DOW ATH

NASDAQ ... one of these days buddy
Hurts even more now hahaha
I've been trading BABA literally for like 10 years. They always have news that makes it sound like they'll go bankrupt but manage to recover each time. I think BABA will recover again. They're too important for China to actually fail. Buying shares.
I’m in. $2500
NIO LOVE YOU LONG TIME!!! $100+ NEXT WEEK.
we're mooning on monday guaranteed
Probably a 3-4% chance my dude. Never give up on hope
No unless their short
Did he just quote Bruno Mars?
I don't know but damn did I need that pump. Thx bezos
Just sold x5 NIO 33p 11/20
Sold all NIO and dumped into BABA
12 spy contracts under my belt and im ready for mondays big pp pump
You ever think about how if someone had their spouse or kids or even best friend put down their life savings on Amazon puts and then tried his hardest to kill Bezos, they could make generational wealth? Yeah me neither
place your bets boys!
anyone holding SOLO over the weekend?
thats my move. with earnings, its bound to have another: dip then zoom, or zoom then dip. are you waiting until after earnings or will you buy in on monday?
What a day!! Literally easy money on spx
vixy puts not tracking UL at all WTF?
If it does it makes it 3 times it has done this.
Elon???
Look at SHOP. When he shorted, it was $50. A year later, it’s at $1000. This is good.
Got it as well. Made me go a little wild today
That's the move.
Bought NIO when it was $26
Just bought calls on FSR.
that would be a lot of fun to watch in this sub.
[deleted]
Anybody purchasing 11/20 $45c for NIO?
holding cash gang over the weekend...feels bad man
hahahahah NICE BEAR TRAP SPY, get cucked put buyers
[deleted]
Somehow this week has been longer than last week
Just to hedge the possibility of spy rejecting ATH. 1 year out
No
The fact that PCG finally had a week where it did nothing but go up makes me happy.
HAHAHH
I'm holding, but that's just me
Citron is a bucket shop. Always has been. Shady MF.
You bought them instead of selling them
Well you were right. But all because Shitron
Says your puts?
Why did the stay at home plays get recked today!?? I don’t get it.
lol, people with an entire portfolio of meme stocks deserve this
# lol CNBC said NIO is dragging down the entire New York Stock Exchange
eod bullish action, monday confirmed green. always bad news = green
[deleted]
[removed]
False! Dead bear.
Solooooo
Baba ITM calls gon be free monies
Bag holding AAPL 122.5 calls rn. Fuckers
Nope. I'm just retarded.
[deleted]
Place your final bets.
Nio is garbage propped up by the Chinese government. Nikola is garbage propped up by the American government (GM). So simply pick your garbage pile and see who wins.
Calls expiring today would be itm?
Really would like to see Citron explode in a feiry death from a Nio green Rocket Monday
I’m just going off a guess. But the markets been bullish since the 30th of October. If you look at spy we’ve been going nowhere but up for around two weeks. Next week might but green all around with a few red days sprinkled in but not sure, just a tad worried
No
[deleted]
>Lol as it rebounds and gets close to $45 just before close. Bought in the dip when it was below $45 YOLO $55 next week!!!

The little Roots stayed Strong!
Look at that beautiful run up. Almost sold my calls for a loss but instead averaged down
Got the ol PDT flag, looks like I'm gonna have to go back to vanilla SPY swing trades or somethin
Probably not too bad, BABA is like the Amazon of China its not going anywhere. Besides the government shit their actual financials look great too.
Make WSB at least decent again

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtnxyf/mods_can_we_please_get_a_separate_sub_for_these/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Yes
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/smudge_cat the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
500% on some pm calls feels good
Crsr looks good
0.26 at one point to 3.10 if you sold 15-20 minutes ago. They cost 0.31 when I made my comment.

10 bagger poor boy.
You’re not my real dad!!
no
Analyst upgrades? lets do it!
[deleted]
11/27 55c bought an hour ago we gunna be rich
Yes
Got stopped out of SPXS today. -2% on the move. Kinda sad because I wish we would pick a direction and just go - past few days have been a little sideways. As a swing trader this week has been a little meh, but last month was really fun so you win some and you lose some.
Good. Now sell it while it still has value because those become untradeable fast.
moderna dna-mutating vaccine efficacy against rona: 0%
Hold NIO puts over the weekend?
it's too bullish in here man
Aight in for SHOP 1000c jan
Oh boy the spy puts I just bought are not happy 🌚
You all are being sucker into buying
smart move he can blame the manufacturers when only 500 are shipped.
GL brother into the breach
Got out of NIO and into BABA leaps
what a shit stock lol
Nice.
Nothing better than scraping 30% gains on SPY calls and puts in the last 10 minutes.

Edit: 42.5% to be exact
I just bought one as a mini yolo
Lol as it rebounds and gets close to $45 just before close. Bought in the dip when it was below $45 YOLO $55 next week!!!

And that was quality. That’s how I felt watching my calls die today.

Poor mans 🏅
Number too inaccurate imo.
Wish i could pump my own plays like citron does, last two times they did this the stocks went 3x in a month
Fucking dick, always selling too early
Nice play! Gonna make bank next week!
F
lol look at that :) bear trap hahah
It’s wsb we’re all autists
What play?
Citron report:
1. Compare es6 to model y without even referencing es8 , ec6.
Compared tesla US sales and no reference to China sales.

2. Claims short interest 2 year low,
This retarded didnt even mention how high short interest has been in 2 weeks.

3? Didnt even reference financial data
Conclusion ;
 retard made a high school report on 1 of 3 EV companies  in a growing industry.

Still manages to scare retail investors, but looking at the institutional buys on marketbeat, charles schwab notabley bought 1.13m shares.
This game is fun, i guess ill take the hint next company he shorts, just day trade puts
Got hella puts
Aany good reason?
I think it worked, it shot up .20 after I bought in.
Eh, if NIO starting zooming back up next week, I’ll jump back on. Rather just chill and see what comes of it this weekend
[deleted]
Moma look, I MADE IT TO FORBES
$170p’s on boeing gonna be worth $2k on monday
shits going down fuckers
You said you cashed out at 62?
That AMZN W
You think there’s any chance spy closes below 350 on Monday? Humor me 😔
Seriously couldn’t they wait a few days
Every time I see someone rich working I think to myself "why does that person still work" then I realize that they became rich because they love to work and those that don't usually don't become rich.

Same with politician's, why would you go to work and get shit on by retards on the internet if you are a billionaire. It's not like you have to change your country for yourself or your kin because you are rich.
Lol
You have been lied to. The “hoax” he was talking about, if you actually watched him speak, was about the Russia investigation, not COVID. The media cut it out of context and made it about COVID. Watch the speech. You are so far out in left field... yup we’re done. Bye
can you buy spy calls from 4:00-4:15 on Fridays?
Yeah it’s actually embarrassing
Is 11/20 a weekly?
Looking at the 20% single-day swing, that doesn’t sound as unrealistic by the end of the month.
Supply issues
Better start with east Hastings street, and then deal with the sky high cost of living. Then again, it is just a typical west coast city 💩
Yes!
Spy 400 eoy
Imagine investing soundly instead of YOLOing like a retard. Why are you even here?
Nice gain man!
[deleted]
scared money dont make money

&#x200B;

\*screams in nio 55c11/20  65c11/27 an hour ago
All the rejects from politics and late stage capitalism waddled their fat putrid asses over to desperately be part of another community after the election and to gamble their unemployment checks after getting replaced at wal mart by automation.
It's a Saturday so...
Two sets of trades on this today. 40,700 profit before fees.

[https://imgur.com/a/m2R3IOS](https://imgur.com/a/m2R3IOS)
AAPL is the rotten red one in my portfolio rn lol
[deleted]
I did the same. Sorry portfolio
FSR 17.5c 2/19/21
You don’t got any basic trading app? Lmao?
I would hold, but that’s just me.
I think so
370 Monday?
Can’t wait. It’ll be nice for the two of us to have the place to ourselves again.
Sike
Whats the play?
Its gonna be an epic squeeze
45 daddy pls
Was it expiring today?
buy bonds
How retarded would doubling down on BABA be here?
Fuck NIO. Jump in on the FSR. That's where the new action will be. NIO going to fuck people
>PLTR

BABA will definitely raise long term if u hold. NIO could go either way next week,
Pton calls should be free fucking money
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/-penci the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oil is working its way up from Covid lows... And it's got a long way to go in the next year.
Citron singlehandedly ruining the most beautiful concerted run ever
3 minutes until COVID's no longer a thing
If you dump your calls at close, you ain’t black
Peen not sure if hard or flacid
Big week coming for PLTR 😎
Nio 44.50 close
Exactly My calls and puts printed lol
I bought in today!
S&P close at new record high in 3... 2... 1...
We will see. Doubtful tho. Too bad I have calls.
Gummy
NIO gonna anounce some good news over the weekend and gonna open $55+
Super tip.
Wtf is happening to amazon?
It doesn’t make sense but we are still gonna get crushed Monday I hate this shit
Yup $100+ next week
Too high for their short position they took out after selling their shares.
option premiums are only down like 15%, should’ve been more tbh
If your emergency fund ain't in it, you doing it all wrong
Why is there so much resistance for NIO past $45?
I was considering getting into longer dated PTON calls. With lockdowns incoming, I see no reason it shouldn't benefit. Its also down a lot from its highs.
Nothing is rigged we are just retards
Seriously get out of nio if you want to save your money
When does BABA stop dropping ffs?
👆🏻 made me LOL
Amen. This is why I own TCEHY forever and always.
I know right? As bad as today was, the silver lining is that this is the bottom.
Lol
Why can’t you tell Siri to notify you if SPY goes above or below a certain point? That would be great AAPL for all us degens.
XPEV
Please bump LIL UZI - LULLABY. With good speakers or headphones. You can't tell me it's not amazing?
Yolo NIO 50c 11/20 x 35
I thought everyone knew NIO was just a game of chicken?
Looks like you missed it
Anyone gonna buy my Nokia calls orrr....?
what is this slow sell off... yep MM in action lol
selling $250 puts for next Friday is basically free money too, minimal risk - they won't hold that for more than a second if it flushes down to there
BA PLEASE STOPPP
NASDAQ bigly green but all my tech is red wtf
Buy low sell high you dumb retard
RIP. It’ll all be worth it next week. You only lost money if you had paper hands today. Big boys bought the dip
Only bad news this weekend
Nah he wants to go out on a high note. He's going to do whatever it takes to have a vaccine out before he's done just so he can take the credit
sony playstation sold out everywhere. Their stock is undervalued
If you think it's irrational, make a trade.

I don't care otherwise.
Dawn hats your position
Omg lmao
Just people signing out for the weekend - Monday will happen up
Anyone want to start a biotech spac?
NIO Calls PRINTING HARDCORE!!! 

LOVE YOU.
I think it's better than PDD and you know how they did...
Men are nice to each other all the time, but what reaction are we supposed to have to this?  It's just kind of cringe, so OP got made fun of.
It’s gonna be a loooooooong weekend
I'm gonna boomer hold SPG for that fat dividend.
Just went balls deep in spy puts
SPY is so green because MM remember everyone who had puts because of election civil war predictions. We'll be back to our regularly schedules Friday selloffs next week
As a married man with similar fortune, fuck I’m jealous
LOOOL
As is tradition.
GIVE US SOME MORE VACCINE NEWS NEXT WEEK TURNIP
AMZN daily chart repping  Wu-Tang
It was a hard decision but a smart choice for me
WSB wiped out
Yea 11/20 43.5c
If only that had anything to do with the market
Chinese evs held up pretty well considering the massive pump it just had
below 80 is when i'll bite
u dont know what ur doing
LMAOOO
[deleted]
I’m irresponsibly deep in baba
I make my best moves when I can’t overthink them
a little bit too soon but not retarded
Spicy
Plug ending green?!?!?
Bought at the bottom at 3:00 should I hold or sel 11/20  43.5c
I love listening to the last 30 minutes of the day in here on WSB Synth
Xbox and we have a deal
If Trump comes out and says operation warpspeed is cancelled LMFAO
Considering Chris Farley is dead, this is foreshadowing
I mean we already knew this. Why was yesterday the day you felt like you needed to post some dramatic “get out of nio” post? 

It’s clear that nio is overvalued, and if you remember, I also told you I was out of it. 

I was curious about your reasoning for the post and you never responded yesterday, then wait till after it crashes when it started going way up to make some little passive aggressive post to an old thread.  

You big 🤡 bruh, and if nio was sitting at 53.96 like it was earlier you’d look like an even bigger 🤡.
I am not playing but I really like SDC as a stock. Fairly reliable and lots of room to grow.

Very interested in their outlook for next year considering vaccine news, etc.
NIO Pinned at 45 for MM's

Citron: 'NIO too high I M O'
Hm. Well let’s hope they don’t crack down on calling ppl retarded here. I’d be fucked
Nio had me in the first half ngl
Isnt the game suppose to get easier after the election
I know whenever nearly everyone is asking "should I buy? Is it too late" that, yes, it's already too late and I stay away and wait for the inevitable "wtf! It didn't print!" posts
We just need to convince a pension fund to let us manage their money lol
JD 100 next week
Damn brother
Criminals
I think I'm gonna hold to see what monday brings
Still holding my puts till 11/18. Ain’t over yet cowboy 🤠
I make 6 figures and drive a 2015 chevy spark and rent a studio apartment for 800 a month. Most of my clothes are from Ross. I don't understand why people want to look rich. My only splurge was a small plot in Montana to build my own house when I retire.
T H E T A
Baba
#BREAKING: Sauces say Trump will replace Stimulus Check with PS5s if re-elected
Hold for Monday
I second that.
They selling mad golf carts in china
if there's any good news on one of the vaccines your puts are fucked
What is this a dip for ants?
SPY is rigged.
Machine elves say buy tech.
Nop =] out in morning, in before power hour = win.
Lol ikr
This Nio close is more bullish that my wife’s boyfriend
so calls?
Glad I sold XPEV calls this morning
Loaded puts up to tits.  Busy day buying puts near the top.  All in.
I agree with this guy. Just buy something long, and if it goes down, average down... It’s all about stepping in in Pieces, not going all in on any one thing at any one time. 

[insert Obligatory “Sir this is a casino” comment]
Spy off a cliff?
Man I miss him.
[deleted]
Your going to cry come Monday
Right right but hear me out...tesla
IV crash
finally some life
no
Karma is Fisker lol
my boy VIX dead lol.... planned sell off eod :(
A 7% gain. Those are rookie numbers, bro.
If it’s not weeklies then hold
TFW you look at the 1 week chart and see your buy in point at the top of Li Auto middle finger chart
It IS a penny stock scenario.  Of course a lot of stocks are penny stocks in the end.
Boys, THIS IS AWESOME. I'm about to move out of my mom's trailer
Boys, we selling on Monday and re-entering after a possible pre-earnings sell off? Or are we just sailing through this.
Last week I sold a 17.50c 😒
Spy 355 at close?
They can't even compete with how much we lose per week.
FSR is going to dump next week.
Corona cases gonna be rocketing today 🚀 📈
JD will bring tendies on Monday
The DraftKings CEO looks like a wood elf
Is spy releasing earnings after hours?  Nice run
MY AYI AYIII
Did they announce a date?
Thnks bby
[deleted]
good eod pump
Nobody is shutting shit down again. There's not a single city in the US that can afford another shutdown. They might trim business hours and not actually enforce it, but nobody locking down.

This time, Grandma is dying.
double top forming just sell bro its safer.. look at the one month chart
I know, this is why it works.
And thus NIO ends the day only 7% down after a huge bull run, despite a hit piece from Citron.

We can do it NIO bulls.
How the fuck can both a call and a put for the same company be doing badly simultaneously
Citron: 'too high imo'
This Citrus fuck is gonna add a billion to the losses shorting
Watch how they’re gonna hit you with fake vaccine news lol
Go halfsies
Haha, you probably have 10 dollars in puts
Breaking: NIO announces Trevor Milton as new CEO. Stock delisted
respect
It's going to be down to 25.
Trending towards divorce, maybe that’s why I keep loading up on puts?
it did, I sold my put in the morning at a loss before it dropped
You convinced me i sold almost everything just now and i made a profit atleast on everything . Thank you for Scarring me for life
Lol what a rug pull by the algo’s
Wait I guess it was brokerage cash or margin
NiooooooooOOOooOOoOOooooOOoooooo

Either win big or you can have a seat next to me at the soup kitchen
Not saying LI, Xpeng, and NIO don't have value, but these plays are significantly more risky, and have more cost associated with them. Ford is an established auto player, and people trust them over the Tesla's, etc. to make a quality vehicle at a reasonable cost. They will absorb a large portion of the American EV market from people that don't perceive themselves as "tech-saavy" or have the money to splash on a luxury EV.
Don’t know if I should hold my NIO call or sell
For real. Trying to get off only reading about NIO.
NIO Paper Hands are GONE... Lets make this REAL PAPER !!! 

NIO $100+ NEXT WEEK.
Polar
Will be worthless
F
+600% to -97.59% i don’t even fucking care. Just gonna drink myself into oblivion in Miami then face fuck this worthless bitch on my balcony tonight
this is the way. sell some meme puts way OTM and collect, use IV crush to your advantage.

Try to stick with company's you wouldn't mind owning if it really gets assigned.
Baba
[deleted]
SQ seems like such an incredible stock. Anyone wanna give me a blurb on wtf their deal is (the stock).
Friendship ended with NIO

Now FSR is my best friend
Warp speed
yeah I sold a few to cover my entry, now just gonna let the rest riiide
[deleted]
face ripper EOD!
Look up Andrew Left GE
And if you bought more than a week ago you're still up bigly.
+100% on my jd call for 11/20 hold? It'll be my last day trade used up
Big money wants NIO below 45 baaaad
Dumbfuck end of week fade.

Fuck off.
Can WSB do a merger with SoftBanks Options desk
Hahaha NIO going to find a way to fuck everybody. Probably do a big ass offering and fuck the bulls.
Coulda, woulda, shoulda, the never ending story of this sub.
BA $175 11/27 Put lets go baby, hoping for bad news this weekend
you know whats manipulated af? pton. that shit is crazy
[removed]
Buy the dip on AMD retards
NIO
Por que?
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGgaJOnZEs8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGgaJOnZEs8)
$FSR 20C 11/20
Question! What 🐻 is best?
Why? You do you.
NIO is dead folks, didn’t you get the memo?
Finish 45.96 , then fun day Monday
same here had to move quick so much
I remember you was conflicted... misusing your influence..... sometimes I did the same
Get PLTR while you still can. 17+ next week
That volume on NIO is just nuts. That’s the type of volume you see on triple zero penny stocks during a pump.
SRAC calls too
Sorry man
Sold at noon and just bought back in at 3:00
Just picked up SPY $357 puts. My wife should be gone In no time.
Welp def missed my shot at those cheap NIO calls
MY CORONA
no
I sold my 11/13s today at open and bought 11/20s at the top for next week.👍
Agreed
For bears 🥴
You sure it's not backpay that you were owed?
[deleted]
You dropped this \ 
 *** 
^^&#32;To&#32;prevent&#32;anymore&#32;lost&#32;limbs&#32;throughout&#32;Reddit,&#32;correctly&#32;escape&#32;the&#32;arms&#32;and&#32;shoulders&#32;by&#32;typing&#32;the&#32;shrug&#32;as&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯`&#32;or&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯`

 [^^Click&#32;here&#32;to&#32;see&#32;why&#32;this&#32;is&#32;necessary](https://np.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3fbrg3/is_there_a_reason_why_the_arm_is_always_missing/ctn5gbf/)
NIO is going to ride todays end of market momentum into the earnings on the 17th.
Monday gonna be so fucking red
11/20 calls

BABA

TSLA

VXX

diversify that bitch
You sound pretty upset
I love to see cinemark up 10+%
This is the only way
Yeah
Smart man going to run through earnings
Good if there for next week
I think so :(

Sadly I sold puts on Baba earlier this week and I need to wait to see how those play out before I buy JD

But if they are hitting ATH amidst major Chinese political tensions that is a really good sign of where it is headed.

This is one of the buy any dip scenarios for a long position
Well that was a fucking lie
Just bought NCL $17p expiring next week, did I dun goofed?
Buy Zoom EOD??
Bought puts at top, let’s ride
You can mention ZM without CSCO, but you can't mention CSCO without ZM.
DKNG is soooo wack.
Yes
T minus 7 minutes until Mango says covid will be cured and gone in 2 weeks. Spy 500 by next Friday.
only those with bad timing or greedy
Lots of asses got fucked by Chinese scam EV stocks today
[deleted]
Can’t trust this pump
SOLO rhymes with YOLO
Every time.....
ALL IN ON BABA OR NIO @ CLOSE. WHICH ONE WILL MOON NEXT WEEK?
5x $65c 12/24

What do? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Or not
Basically 

“I’m a complete loser :(“ 

“It’s ok retard here’s a cookie”
Hell conceded. Biden takes face. EV to the moon 🚀🚀
What’s your play
Oh yeah? Then explain what just happened
hell of a week for a beginner 🤡
[deleted]
NIO GOLDEN RULE NUMBER 1.... ALWAYS BUY THE FUKKIN DIPS !!!

$100+ NEXT WEEK.
Anyone got a link for the presser
[deleted]
Ayro seems limited by their vehicle line up. They can only get so big by selling the little ev cars, but you’ve got me interested.
CRSR let's go
shhhhh I bought some 7.5c 11/20 don't ruin it for me.
Np, someone helped me out when I was new.

It wasnt on wsb though lol. When I asked here they called me retarded and gey and I got banned from commenting for like 2 weeks
Why
remember all this billshit started with pfizer? That's how long this week has been
Tsla
We’re never gonna get a stimulus at this rate
Why did I buy calls :(
You have a problem brother😂😂😂😂
Yup, this pussy doesn't know shit.

Nio already back to $45 lmao it ain't crashing.
[removed]
Time to buy your nio puts
[deleted]
Sold at the top there.. thanks for the fake pump lol
Any one else want to kick me in the nuts?  Or just spy puts today...
Easily
Last chance to get into baba for next week🤑
I dunno. But some people are... Hight challenged, learning challenged, looks challenged, the list goes on and on. These things have an absolute material impact on their life, whether it's obvious or not, regardless of context.

Put it this way... The rock has better genes than me, and I'm guessing he's got better genes than you.
PLTR
All I’ve heard about in the past 2 fucking weeks here is NIO. I think they’re all dead now, finally
“all news is propaganda, but i only spout the propaganda that i’ve been fed”
JNUG 1/15/2021 - $125C
Will explode next week.
Trump is about to not concede and talk a lot of shit isn't he. Fake vaccine pump ladies
Who tf bidding down these Amazon leaps? Fuck you
i bought the 345p ... loser buys beer.
Market cap 37.07 million!
STFU about NIO
It used to matter a year ago. Times are a-changing
It’s more impossible when you’re a bear
[deleted]
Monday is going to be a bloodbath
Oof nio 45 rejection
Theta gang ain’t bad. Just sell the types of options I’d usually buy because they expire worthless 90% of time
no selling only buying lol SPY ATH monday! gap up. you heard it hear first!
Also sold 43p for .03
This sub has def tanked hard in terms of quality and fun posts this year. Last year it peaked and was at its best in my opinion.
My thoughts exactly
NIO 44.5p 11/20 is the move
I'm gambling too but I think it's a good bet with additional shut downs possible and today's 401k bump
FSR $19 on Monday?
Baba making me depressed
Show is the way, old souls.
They’re endangered now 🐼😥
Aged well
cheers. interesting. its 03:51 here so close and zzzz but yea will look at vids monday if you send - enjoy the weekend, stay cool there
Let me know when your balls drop
[deleted]
Position?
Is it too late to get in on JD??
Thought I sold my NIO puts at $40 while I was in a meeting. Did not. So here I am with a bunch of $43P
Baba better dildo this shit or ima bust some heads
Citron also backed GE saying the weren't cooking their books  and the SEC had to shut Left down and file suit against GE.
I’m jacked to the tits with calls
was about to buy spy puts, then saw amzn, msft, appl, goog and fb green...so not yet
Yup, once we cool off its back to puts on this dumb shit. Cruise lines and barcades? Lmao
Yo, just graduated with a GIS degree and can confirm I %100 had this same thought in class and ESPECIALLY once I got a City Government job. PLTR is basically ArcGIS  x the Batman spy computer, but for real. Fuck it dude I'm going long now.
Bud. I had my finger on the trigger for those @.25 put in the order and it immediately ran up to .31 so I ignored and moved on. Worst decision for about 4 months.
50 $352 puts for Monday. Bless up.
Why is Gm up.
uh oh....here comes SPY
Why do you think so? https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
NIO 45C 16/11
[deleted]
No, I'm not, I'm just shocked to see someone spend so much money on something they understand so little of, and then posting online how they got fucked without the self-awareness to recognize they have no idea what they're doing.

I'm trying to help you. Go read a fuckin book
I bought gold once, that's about it
spy?

name a better duo. RKT and that $22 wall
Same actually. I’m expecting a gap up on Monday, I think concerns with the CCP are a bit overblown. Well see though
Sumthin Wong
Lost like 15% on call this morning though, but it was also cheaper contract
I just wanna note that I’m up 40% this year and just buy stonks. I’m too stupid to google hot to put or anti-put. But people keep asking to suck my dick so that’s nice
Please, for the sake of your family, load your boat with BABA calls. Thank me later.
Same
We should pump on Monday.

Shutdowns: tech pump

Vaccine: everything else pump
V-shape NIO recovery FTW
lol so much buying :)
Nio
Yeah good point. But I think his mindset is pull out now for short term only. Following earnings report, there will undoubtedly be some retracement in the short term. A run up like this can't continue too much longer. And his 26 target is near the 50 day moving average, which would be a great point to load up on shares for eventual rip. But I think following ER, playing with calls will be playing with fire for a while, unless theyre super long dated
The big dogs cant make any money if the price is already high, so you sell out, drop the price, buy back in with high volume and get a guaranteed return, its like pumping and dumping, but its okay because they drive BMW’s. Bid/ask baby. That or they are just already priced in and people dont see an route for more growth.
90.5 c for 12/31. Wish me luck lol
Just bought Nio calls. Hope this runs up till earnings
IT is already back to 45 ... it can't get flower than 40...
there is no chance for any significant dip prior to the 17th
Lol I know some big dogs who actively shitpost here. You don't even know half of it.
This is it NIO I wanna see 48 by close
I’m a republican, but it’s amazing what simply advocating for mask wearing can do. That, and THC and clean energy. Idk why everything is always either black or white.
We are going to need a Neo vs Agent Smith meme after Monday rally
Mondays always green
SPY hard bounced off September 2nd 359 resistance
[deleted]
NIO Call $50 strike price 11/27
He wouldn't give a speech if it wasn't some announcement about a vaccine finally being here.  Honestly might be a dump anyways, sell the news.
its working !
this is WSB, it's Vincent Van Duh...
Totally lost in the Chinese EV madness. Fantastic CBat day
China EVs solving poverty 🇨🇳🚘🐂📈
Nio fucked both bulls and bears today I bet
Agreed
True enough!

Not going to happen until at least Feb 1, though, by which time I expect we'll he hurtin' from COVID. 

I don't intend to hold these past Dec 31 anyways.
I bought NIO calls at the bottom and immediately sold because of my inability to trade successfully recently. 

Would’ve been up 40% in an hour
[deleted]
PCG
puts on nyc
If you didn’t buy ~~NIO~~ TSLA on the dip, you hate 💰
I made almost 10k this week
[deleted]
Supposedly since 1929 the market has done 6% better under Dems
i've been risk averse lately.  but we have moderna news potentially, but we have mango teetering on the edge of sanity.... could really go either way.  i'll probably hold some long-shots, but harvest most of the things that are green.
Nio, how's the possible?
It ends at 8PM and begins at 4AM, so you can still sleep.
$FSR 20C 11/20. You have been warned.
If you own a call, you’re not obligated to buy the 100 shares, only have the option to. Unless you’re selling a call you do not own. Like if you a call you haven’t already bought, you are on the hook if you get assigned, but if you bought that call and are selling it you are fine
Moon hour.
Ahhhh 10 minutes left of the game!
Fuck. It’s citron manipulating my meme :(
[deleted]
I’m deaf and I’ve never heard that.....
just picked up some calls. buy puts if you wanna make money
It’s in their playbook, they did the same with SHOP. Did Left ever donate $200k to Robinhood after Shopify very much  _did not_ drop under $200 😅😅😅
NIO volume is American as fuck🐂
It worked out great? Sold put at 41.25 for a 65% profit today
lmao
Puts locked in for Monday easy money
Nah I’m good. 300% on my calls and sold at the top. Bought a leap at the bottom. Shares still up huge.
nyc shutting more shit down... city is toast
What
Looks like I'm pleasantly surprised.

Nice.
40 is the bottom for NIO.
I love seeing "markets pumping" and excitedly hopping on RH to see that I'm up 8 bucks on day
Dal $36p 12/4 because fuk airlines.
Yeah I got that now I sold the opposite call for some reason tho so that’s ass
I’m buying mine on Monday
It’s common sense that people are gunna buy the stock when it’s undervalued. NIO is worth 47 and next week will likely be up to averaging about 55. This game is easy if you understand it
Pump, pump, pump it up!
I don't need guts, I have a daytrade ban
XLE leaps
Dear Bull God, please make a PLTR pump into close happen. Amen.
Holding 30 370’s lol.  Another $30 lottery ticket.
Ew shares
Have you looked at their logo! this is the find of the century
Right? At that point, you're just trying to keep your unlimited cash safe. Multiple bank accounts across multiple currencies and multiple countries with insurance. Index stocks across different caps, countries and multiple brokerages. Properties here and there to hold value in different forms(perhaps buy all the friends/family etc houses on my name, hohoho.)  Following the advise of some fancy smancy superb financial accountant. Maybe investing in some businesses and owning rental real estate for more diversified value.

I'd never be trying to make money at that point. Just diversify it out of just cash. 

Honestly, I think 90b would make me way too stressed trying to utilise it efficiently. Just give me 80mil and call it a day. I can visualize that.
Congrats on the -99% return!
Get fucked my guy. F.
Yes you’re also a genius too!
Invested in Chinese EVs today

Down 18%
On stocks

Cool
PLTR
[deleted]
Pretty good I think. They should jump back and test $270 I hope.

I think MM's are playing some fuckery keeping it at $260, but there is low volume on BABA right now so I am not sure if the price action is reliable. Hopefully shit blows over and china calms down a bit
PLTR 20c 11/20
PLTR
NIO bears always wrong
Tesla waking up remembering it has to end near 410
anyone else in CBAT? pretty nice day
I’d seriously love that
Never left 🇨🇳🚀📈
Who else is holding JD through Monday they got earnings in the morning of Monday I believe
45 is around Morgan's PT.
We will reforge it in our own image. All homeless people will be given free iphones and the robinhood app.
If we stay above 358,bullish af for Monday
Profit taking happened last few weeks on Friday. Same today. Will go up next week.
Down 80% at open
Cos this rally is a low volume FED fraud. No problem. GL!
I hedged a bit, think most of where I am at is in pretty good place with runways but would rather eat some put losses on Monday than just stare at red numbers
Hold the gold
New York dont you even look at Pittsburgh.....
Also 86 is still far below its 52 week high and it’s hovered around 80-85 for months. Idk where you got your MBA from but let me know so I don’t go to that school
I never bought so we good
Fratbull67. MrTurboFister3000.   


LOL!
If Trump doesn't say vaccine approved we are dumping so hard lmfao
368 11/16 calls lets gooooo
damn we going back into NIO or what
NIO before you FOMO .... 40 was the absolute floor!
People are too bearish on them right now, making me think it plays out bullish.
Love it do it again
Yes I am.
Weak money don't make money
Hold only
Sorry *my p*nis ... you know crusty
Citron defended GE when it was cooking its books even though the SEC said otherwise and had to call him out on it.
lol i <3 china
Nah man itll Penetrate that
Your loss
This is the part where MMs dump the market to avoid assignment
[deleted]
[deleted]
PLTR
With all that's going on, it's kind of impressive Baba has hung in there like this
If every retard on this sub bought 10 shares of NIO right now it would end GREEN
Have you ever bought reddit coins? I’ve said much worse shit then that and never been suspended. Wondering if it’s because I’ve bought so many coins
Let’s goooooo
Majority agreed to extend lockup. And that shit's got nowhere left to fall to. Already near all time low.

Also, that's not how margin calls work.
Every single option I’ve bought in the last week (10) is either worthless or  down 60%
I have 368’s for Monday

To Valhalla we ride
Sell red Monday incoming
NIO about to show the biggest green dick u ever saw in your life
Unless moderna drops good news
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/mike_lake26 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nio
Dear Jack Ma,
Please.?
I like a stock from China (~~banned ticker~~) 

It’s up

Oh well
Who knows. Market seems to not care about case numbers and other lockdowns. I got puts but its rough rn
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nice
NIO bears vaporized. I had to jump in on the fun this afternoon
IB isn’t FDIC insured, wtf???
That's what I am banking on.
...are you dumb? It went to $50.. you would’ve profited huge if you sold
Down 50% on my 355P’s for Monday. Why do I always do this 🤦‍♂️
Yes
“NIO up 10.50% to $50 in after hours trading” ONE TIME PLEASE
Nio gang back BAY BEE?!?
Retards hold til Monday and lose it all
ready for amzn to bring that fat ~~spliff~~ split.
its not visible outside in the quick view
If stimulus gets passed ur fukked
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO questions, from a newbie

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtn52e
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtn52e) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/-Hei_Bai-, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ROO-FI-O
Whoknowsx94
It’s going to keep heading up for at least 2-4 more weeks. Think of July-August. September wasn’t the bubble popping, many of us bears thought it was, but it was likely a reaction in the Tech sector to the Softbank news. The bubble is still growing. If you want I can send you a couple vids/indicators that explain why.
NIO wtff 😂
This has been an amazing week, ima jerk off to hentai and eat chicken all weekend to celebrate my gains
👨‍❤️‍👨
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Welp it’s a shame because I gave some free actionable information to you. Have a good rest of your weekend and if you need help reading I’m sure there is something on YouTube that can help!
made 128% on NIO puts today.. thanks for hyping the fuck out of it guys.. knew if i watched it long enough it would top out.. whats the next ticker you guys buying?
What to buy to hold over weekend?
Just bought December autistic calls, so we are pretty much fucked now
Puts on your bank balance.
Your first mistake is thinking the market is logical.
Load up zoom calls for more shutdowns. Pittsburgh just shut down their public schools
Still holding my NIO November 27 44C .... From $3.97, sitting at $6.87

You can imagine what it was this morning :(
Xpeng go brrrr
Funnest day on the market in a while
That's like Apple in the 80's laughing at Microsoft for not building computers for their software.
When there are unexplained random insano rallies after choppy weeks, it is difficult to not  have the impulse to purchase them. If you are insure an want to risk less, buy a VXX call contract a buck out of the money - usually run you about $50-60 a contract instead of a few hundo
Nio climbing back into shrek territory
Good EOD play?
Any regrets?
do we want to hold travel over the weekend?
Goog def. to the moon before SPCE. Both literally and figuratively
I think rsi is irrelevant these days
Monday will see a run up but after the numbers are out it's up in the wind. The numbers will be good, the question is whether they're better than what people expect. I'm gonna say yeah itll LIKELY go up after ER with a really good report
So you can hear? That's good
Bought 1 Call here $spx $3585 on this pullback
Do I need to contact customer support?
I'm a fucking idiot, I doubted my vibe so hard today and if I didn't, I'd be up a 5 bagger instead of being down 25%.
You know that's not true. We're everywhere.
Selling diagonal covered calls against my LEAP is stupid money whether I just pocket the premium or end up having to close the whole position.
Snap
Because you caught the gay
my brain says no

my balls say yes
BA puts at 12:30 were a bad idea
It would have been 56 by now if citron didn’t manipulate things
We still talking about that retard in this sub?
You shouldn't trade this market if you can't get in and out same day, someone change my mind.
Your fine. Red Monday
What we openin at mon
I'm starting to believe in the power of the democrats!!!
Roll it out, shit is ridiculous
Thanks, I appreciate the sentiment, I'll try to keep my head up. Only making $13.5/hr so my available stack to play with isn't much. Congrats on the big gain!
Nah, they’re holding till dec. when the ipo lockup expires.  Shits gonna fall off a cliff.
you know that NIO is pinned at 45 for today. play accordingly.
SPY will float at 358
NIO right now, any strike, any date. Don't wait, or be sad af next week.
they have autonomous driving programs too. Shit, every car maker has an autonomous program. Tesla's not going anywhere but it's ridiculous to think Tesla is somehow so far ahead on this shit.
very cool and very real pump
If you want it to be -99% on monday sure
Of course it’s NIO.
It took me a while to understand the terminology too. If you sell a contract "to close", meaning selling one you previously bought, you owe nothing to anyone ever.

If you sell a call to open a contract, meaning you wrote the call in the first place (aka selling a call on the Robinhood options finder screen, if that's what platform you're using), that's when you could potentially owe someone else 100 shares.
Already almost back up 🤷 IN NIO WE TRUST
If you buy NIO report back with gain porn 💦
🙏
Obviously I woundnt hold . Just took 75% and bailed
Relax, next week is Nio's week. Profit taking on Fridays has been happening with NIO in the past weeks. Hold over the weekend and rejoice.
BABA just give me a sign that everything will be ok
[deleted]
Who’s yoloing chwy 11/20 70c with me
Shit, I can walk away for the weekend with some gains or risk holding for a green Monday. I’m leaning towards taking my gains. I know I’ll have peace of mind, but the tendies I could get...

What do you retards do?
Guys. It’s my first meme on Wall Street bets. Is that visible to you without going to the link ? If you guys have a suggestion how I can improve my meme posting for future. Please let me know
[deleted]
GE leaps.  Get ‘em while you still can
Hold
Good job
You obviously havent read any of economic reports
NIO YOLO
Yup. Did it this week. Plan on doing the same next week.
Should I buy $40c for LI Auto expiring next week?
Lol true my man. So very true. I can see the look on people’s faces when they google SOLO hahahahahaha clown shit
with existing orders at that
fucking cashapp is what gets me
I smell a stimi pump soon
Easy solution, stop buying puts
big time
Has there ever been a Friday where vix doesn't get crushed?
# load NVDA calls before you see it at $600 after earnings
Watch us open @365
imagine not taking out a second, third, and fourth fraudulant mortgages on yours and both your neighbors homes, a PPP loan, selling your wife, kids, and dog to the chinese to use as laborers,  starting up a fake EV company, SPAC, etc. pumping the stock with dodge hellcats photoshopped with an alternate logo and using the money to go all in NIO
Lol bears 🤭
Bought the bottom at 41
Been buying it. Still will make money buying at these levels with calls for next week.
I wasn’t even talking about myself, the fact that you didn’t get that just puts your dumb shit brain on display
Check the volume. NIOstreetbets is everywhere
Implied volatility you fucking moron.  Do I really need to explain it?  NIO is up 200% since September.  Do you really think a company with shady financials and limited history can keep that up?
I’m fucking holding these SPY puts expiring Monday. I feel unpatriotic, sorry America
r/brandnewsentences
Over or under Trump being more then 20 mins late?
Too early for that. Definitely in December though.
Thank you for the information. I guess I’m never sleeping now!
Already back higher than Monday
I have heard this wsb new post so much. Its stuck on my head. It should wsb opening and ending track.
I'm toobin rn
Hopefully people fomo over the weekend
Now that's a motto good enough for a T-shirt
Lol
Really wanna sell these nio calls I bought an hour ago for a profit but also really wanna see them turn into 10 baggers next week what do? 11/27 55c
Fuck it, dipping in with 100 shares. Guess I'm joining theta gang soon.
Long calls on reopening stocks, short puts on spy. Warpspeed to zero
Who?
bruh we boutta get good vaccine news

QE hasn't eased up either
But what if there’s no retards in China ?
Is it really due Monday? Link, says “by end of month” ....
$ma is the move man $105 Monday book it
[deleted]
so what happens if lockdowns announced this weekend? spy poots the play?
$400 on SPY 353 puts for Monday.  Let’s see how this goes..
If that happens I might shit my pants in excitement.
“IT’s GOIng $50 eOW betTER BUy noW ReTaRdS”

That shit aged real well
Aw thanks, I wish I could give you an award; but I'm about to be broke.  
I need to save my 1.99 for Wendy's, instead of buying reddit gold coins.
12345 678910 11 12
NIO IV 200%
🙏
sell $X 11c 11/20
All 50 of them lol. This is the guy that gets excited when his net worth doubles after his account loss goes from -99% to -98%
270 C 11/20. U?
isnt ER on tuesday so you got the monday bump ?
You BOUGHT 11c Nov20?  SELL a  11.5c Nov20.  Congrats.  You just locked in gains.  Close positions next day.
Is NIO gonna pump on Monday?
Y
deaf people are typically called deafie so idk what's wrong with that lol. I'm deaf also though I'm using a cochlear implants.
Just kidding, sold a few covered calls. Hoping it goes down more next week
My first experience was in 2016 when nvda went from $30's to around $110. Citron did an article and it went down the next few days to the $90s. I was so shocked I sold it off and it didn't take long to come back.  I realized just join citron and short what they do.
Yes. ER on tues moon on monday
Why? Looks like a dead ticker to me
Me on 100mg Vyvanse on 11/9 buying SPY calls thinking I’m going to game the system
NIO wont break 45 due to opex going on. Moon mission resumed Monday.

MM's got exactly what they wanted out of that Citron short report. They probably sold puts to a bunch of you too.
Last chance to buy into NIO get your free money now
I don't always play 0 days but when I do I sell when I'm up 15% instead of 💎✋ till 3x. 

Meanwhile I'm 💎✋ my monthlies to 0
That’s a really weirdly specific “format”. Jesus.
You just bought at the wrong time. Back on it's way up.
ZM you piece of shit
You don’t even know what you’re looking at smh
Amazon went from 3080 to 3130
IWM going to have to take a massive shit before March. 

Either we'll be shut down again, or in the middle of a civil war. 

3/19 IWM $150p.
Bullish
Bought more Li $35 calls
Spy
Go for the 158 day out options!!!!!! Seems the a sure thing yolo!!!
Taking a few more suckers for the elevator down on Monday
Double down
Up $2000 to Down $4000 to down $800 Nio today :(
Ha you gonna get audited stupid bitch
Bet i will, need to collect my 10bagger on monday
Now time to buy up all those stocks that dropped 50-60% after covid and never recovered such as banks, REITs and oil stocks.
Some NKLA shorts bout to see margin calls over the weekend.
Lmfao. David ackman.
buy puts
Whats the hype for CRSR?
It from a 15% loss to a 7%. its going back 50+ next week with earnings coming up
ATH is bullish if you knew anything
> weak ass-mm

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
So when there’s hardly any profit taking on spy on a Friday and large amounts of buy orders, what do you think is going to happen on Monday?
Yeah you better run.
MRNA: we spray it from the air and it's 99%

AAL to $120
It's going up because it wants to go up. What is going on that would stop it? Market doesn't care about covid until lockdowns actually happen. Market doesn't care about mango's temper tantrum either.
Defrauding the government, can’t go tits up
American Nio!
Load up on VXX for 🥭 presser?
[deleted]
I started with $10k just two months ago. If my dumbass can do it so can you.
same lol :(
I’m in a public place fighting tears because my gay bear bitch ass did it. I was down 95% last Friday, and I just unlocked green mode. I get to keep my money, my family. Thank you ACB, SPY’s autism, and something called Revolve that I shorted to hell.
Anything for you ;)
Nio
This video references me and I don't like it.
Because you like money?
If you're pumpin' up the ETF (you're fake as fuck)

Wanna pretend that you'll hit 360 (you're fake as fuck)

Funny style public companies (you're fake as fuck)

Weakass MM wannabes (you're fake as fuck)
Taking advice from strangers on the internet without doing any research myself......in!
Play both sides so you always come out on top, or bottom.
This is the porn I come to this sub to see
Schwabs risk management might sell them all before the dump... they just want to save me from myself
None. It's going to be back at 25 before it goes up
Nyoes
!remind me 2 days
[deleted]
HOLD ON FOR DEAR LIFE BB
well what was the answer last friday?
Correct move
Holding anything over the weekend is risky af rn
60 billion dollar market cap from selling 20k cars. Bro that’s all it needs to be a shit company are you new. At the most basic level they don’t bring in enough money to justify their value
XLE up 4% today!
Anyone in SHOP?  I’m trying to get 1000c jan
I made a rule not to trade while baked and it's greatly helped my portfolio ngl
inversed the sub. way to bullish in here.  

spxl 63p 11/20
Ah damn that sucks lol
Just look at growth
Anyone buying Walmart?
Midwest, man. 

Honestly it's farmers and contractors. These guys actually use their Lariat F250's like work trucks. 

Most guys will buy a Z71 and never haul anything more than groceries.
Any plays that will be green for Monday open ?
Anybody else buy BABA calls today?
[removed]
AYRO , dont get NIO
Back at you.  I’m the one being honest here
Thank you for your service
Fuck you bears
Hold thru weekend or nah
Seriously. Not being able to day trade fucks me relentlessly
Unemployment made an accidental deposit into my bank account, gambling it away before they ask for it back 💎🙌
This is just insane, really.
CCL puts here. Free money next week.
The real DD is that in the robinhood commercial the stock the girl was trading was called Tiger Corp. Chinese RH is Tiger. To the moon!
Andrew left is a son a bitch ass eating mother fucker.
Pumping to make it look like the upcoming 🥭 dump isn’t *that* bad.
Good Friday vibes?
Reddit gave me a 3 day suspension for promoting hate cause I called deaf people "deafies." I will be buying puts if Reddit goes public.
[deleted]
[deleted]
All in calls for Monday?
In for 100 shares, we'll see how it does come Monday.
Why are you dumb fucks loading up on puts with the Moderna data soon to be released Monday? 
Did you not see what happened AH Friday heading into Pm Monday??
Nio PUTS
[deleted]
But I’m cashing em out rn? Quick easy gain
Holding NIO over the weekend? I need valid reasons right now.
I was so proud of myself at 11...
Call it is
Dude, you're a fucking peasant.
Yeah
BABA. Wait till after earnings for NIO.
Holy shit that guy’s a fucking legend. Good fucking call.
LOL Chinese shit

If you were paying attention at all you'd know that it didn't dip because of the Chinese, it dipped because of Citron wanting it to dip. 

If you paid attention you'd also know that NIO is all anyone has talked about today since open
This is the way
It “popped” from 80 to 86. Congrats on the 8% but if you expect me to believe you made half a mil on that, try not to act like a clown. Unless you’re some trust fund kid gambling away the hard earned family money, you’re completely lying. Nobody with tens of millions to actively invest makes a post that looks like it was written by someone in high school
Someone give me some good calls to buy under the assumption nobody cares about COVID and we moon next week. Over leveraged in calls and puts for COVID resurgence. Need some hedge.
MA went up $5 from 130-330. Nothing to see here
I wish you the biggest of gains, fam - hoping to see $10 by next friday if someone published it in a "Top EV Stocks" article over the weekend.
OMFG, this volume. Death becomes it. What POS rally. 💀💩
God this song is such a banger
[deleted]
Puts on everything
Like, comment, and subscribe if you were baited by the nio dip
SPCE is the move boys
[deleted]
you should see the most valuable company in the work: BRK.A

100 times more valyable then Amazon 

/s
Nice one.  Carry on.
[deleted]
Imagine if we closed red
[deleted]
Just seems like something you’d end up regretting you didn’t buy at the IPO. Too sophisticated.
Nobody cares about your fake money
100%
I’ve hear this every single week and green Friday. I dunno maybe it speaks to some people but I can’t take it seriously
Orange operation warp speed conference at 3pm.
I'm down 70% since July 🤡
[deleted]
All of these things are bullish
**"During a Feb. 28, 2020, campaign rally in South Carolina, President Donald Trump likened the Democrats' criticism of his administration's response to the new coronavirus outbreak to their efforts to impeach him, saying 'this is their new hoax.'" **

It's hilarious how easy that was to find and how his entire base still can't seem to find it.

Again though, tell me how being disgusted at the same amount of people dying every 2 days as died in 9/11 is somehow" drinking the Kool aid"

The RNC is great at yelling about 3000 deaths and starting a 9 trillion dollar war over it, along with a campaign of racism against Middle Easterners, and yet will laugh and downplay literal thousands of Americans dying in isolation every day.
Roll rest of it over into SRACW
I am erect
It'll be a red Monday
Trump waiting for the market to close before he comes on, he's about to lay a fat doo doo on the market for Biden
Last week i bought 362’s for 0.05 each.  $100 netted me $5k.  You think im not doing that shit again??
Just take out a short term loan
absolutely glorious nio recovery
Just closes a credit spread and didn’t get my buying power (collateral) back... this happen to anyone else?
Yessir
I hope, im slightly in the hole at the moment.
Loaded with calls
[deleted]
if SPY were to dump right now, that would be hilarious
Right at close I think
SpaceX launch tomorrow. Cue all the bears that say SpaceX ain't Tesla.
BABA to $90 , PDD to $300

The ol' Beijing shuffle
Oh shit.. im getting worried now
Do you guys not realize that there’s some underlying positive news out there ? There’s a reason why it’s running up
Not the same you prob won't be as ballsy when you trade real options, throw in real money
Sell puts, you can collect premium if it goes up or reduce your cost basis if it goes down (unless it goes REALLY down, but I don't think it will)
Lol there’s no way their ER are going to be epic. Today was just a the stock correcting itself. It’s worth 47 right now and will be worth in the 50s after
I’m feelin it
I donated $420.69 to the autism research foundation, AKA our retirement fund, since I made so much off that Monday pop with the vaccine announcement. I feel like the incredibl luck i had with nio, netting around 7k in total was because of the good Karma, and not because I'm a genius trader or anything. Give some gains back if you can, its good for the soul.
Was up 500 bucks this am to down 2200 YES
I dont like this chinese EV rugpull smh
SPY has got to be 🩳’s getting impatient and buying it up for inevitable lockdown only to get Bitch slapped by MRNA vaccine having 99% efficacy and is just a drop of liquid that cures rona instantly. Or lockdown.
Why did I just buy SPY puts
You sure?
PYPL stays flat on a super green day. Not a good sign for PYPL.  
You are not my pal, buddy.
Am I the only one that feels I'm playing the market on max difficulty setting?
VWAP? very wet ass pussy?
I feel it now
Great. Now you’ve jinxed us.
Softbank: I'm back Nasdaq.
wouldn't that be lovely if I wasnt a eurofag...
DOW 30k in 15 min
Sure it will
Dude, if the old Tech Bubble teaches us one thing it's that just because an industry is going to the moon, doesn't mean it can't form a bubble.
your statement is ambiguous:  if I sell "my" xyz call option.  If you already own the option, then selling just that exact option back would close the position.  If you don't already own it, then you are opening the position...and selling call options (to open) carry unlimited risk.

You are right....you need to do more homework before trading these.
[deleted]
Buying near all time highs right before the weekend with covid cases booming and fresh lockdowns being implemented seems reasonable, right?
What? Why? It's up big
I just bought 1.5k worth of puts, watch it go up even more
Yes bought 730 shares today.
RIP those puts next week.
Be at Wendy’s 9AM SHARP!
It’ll come back stronger just to fuck the shorts.
They are trying to expand in third world areas. I know they have stores in India?
It’s the only way to play this
mods finally fix afternoon threads —> SPY bull run
BORN TO LOSE, LIVE TO WIN
Zilch
Don't let the soap and deodorant lobby fool you
I bought shares a little earlier at $43. Options are super risky
Mango is about to talk about vaccines.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYSyaljtUzw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYSyaljtUzw)
love it when the VWAP and the Bollinger bands cross.
NIO 1m chart Bollinger bands contracting....get ready for the pop
Nio vol over 500 milli
Why?
I'm reporting him for not shorting this piece of Chinese shit earlier. Fuck NIO.
Is anything not priced in
NIO and play earnings next week
for real, i make money on EV, lose it on SPY, and other way around so I just end up flat every day for like the past month lol
well look at that, up we go on spy so nice call...will it last?
I’m holding puts over the weekend fuck it I get a stipend from my county for catching corona anyways
EV stonks are so HOTTTTTTTTTTTTTT RN 🔥 🔥 🔥!!!!!!
F
[deleted]
Selling itm puts is fucking crazy on Nio. But goddamn it do i love it right next to buying calls and puts
The more we short the more they go long. WALL ST DOES OPPOSITE OF RETAIL
你好
Yes
I just loaded up on SPY puts 12/24 356! 

This shit will pull back some next week.
Sold JD way too early reeeeee
Puts now!!!
Just bought a leap on a whim leggo
Mango dropping the cure for free at 4 and immediate distribution. It’s over boys we made it
Where is the Friday $20 PLTR Hulk Dildo you promised?
https://imgur.com/a/LyBGFUA
[deleted]
Anybody else long on PLTR?
>JD earnings monday pre-market

Puts, the market doesn't like seeing cash flows anymore apparently
RSI on SPY is just stupid right now. cash in people. cash in.
Thats weird, why Plato would say Socrates once said such thing? Blows my mind
Didn’t it though?
No
😂😂😂😂😈
This market is bullshit, why are we not at 365 yet?
If y'all tried to load puts today, is it your first low volume Friday?

Wtf did you think was gonna happen EoD lol
Mods finally fixed the thread from opening too early!
why is spy going up?
Everyone was talking about it. Should've cashed out and bought that wet ass dip at 40 retard
Oh look at Mr. "I make good decisions" lmao
My poor Spy put hedge bought today
Just hopped on at $3.81 🚀
You are
True. I sold at 52. And waited for a dip around 11 where it usually dip and got puts wow what a fucking ride. I even sold puts
SKODEN
BET YOU WON'T HOLD SPY CALLS OVER THE WEEKEND PUSSY
The same people who bought puts in March and April are loading up on puts again.
Fake pump blown me up yet again. It’s literally impossible to play this market without the 25k account
lmao yall were all buying puts at the bottom you cant fool me
Lol
Buy SRACW and hold for 3 months. Cash out with 20 grand
some really shading looking shit going on with SPY bids right now
Same here. I spend my wife’s boyfriends money here
If it were indeed such easy money, it would’ve gone up long ago. China is much more serious about EV and ridding of oil dependence than Murica
Wow I can’t believe I left so much money on the table on spx 

Anyone else?? I’m going to think about this all weekend fuck
The image is way too relatable, had a good laugh.
Nio open Monday $55. Look at the volume rn 😂
how's baba looking for Monday open
Is it worth buying nio now?
Any vaccine pump will be short lived. PTON and Zoom will recover next week
Chinese regulation problem. It was expected to drop 25% because of this, but seems to not drop that low yet. My prediction is $233c.
Why?
Literally this. I have been fucked by theta so many times I'm inclined to wait til Monday
Good lad
You mean before it goes back down
[removed]
lmao, why’s everyone freaking out, perfectly natural growth going on
buy it because Citron just certify it as a full fledge company tesla have to beat
Nevermind I was just kidding
Nothing but negative news =. BULLISH
SPYDEN
What’s the news?
Awful
[deleted]
50 EOD
EV's inversing the fuck outta SPY.

The volume is not there at all - Monday will be anything but flat.
Having fun bears?
LMFAOOO
 3:45 moon crew checking in, this market is too low, lets get to work boys.
Nio
My -90 % SPY future contract is green now 🙏🙏🙏😅
Market insta-inverses me the moment I push the submit button, been playing it on max difficulty setting
Hold over the weekend?
choo choo mothafuckah.
Lmaoo
You gotta get out with profit and let 60% profit run
Got a 12/14 spy 356p....just in case
BUYDEN
[deleted]
Lost everything on spy puts. Taking a break. See y’all monday
Does drill team six have the rona?
Looks like it went back up more at least..
Is today not Friday?
JD earnings monday pre-market
JD earnings for Monday? Hmm
I bought 50 shares at $18, sold them when it was $22. Then JP Morgan raised the PT and it kept booming. I bought back at $28 and I won’t be selling it for the next few years.
What the fuck. Do I hold my 356p over the weekend? Spy is on fucking cocaine rn
NiO 100 eOd
SPY pump. 401k in lambos
[deleted]
I swear to god I saw a bear comment ‘sell now last chance’ 10 seconds before the pump lmao so gay
[deleted]
Screw it. I'm in
I know we’re all about nio rn but I would recommend checking out Ivr leaps
might get some dkng, but easily gettin more baba at close
300 jelqqq for me
Just saying Momentus will be on the Falcon 9 launch come mid December with Space X. There should be no negativity here, we all should be looking forward to seeing this partnership work out and everyone make money.
Will BABA benefit from a lockdown???
Next week my BAC $3P from April will finally expire and be gone from my list https://imgur.com/CCpQlAD
Fucking bears just went into hibernation
F
Slowish burn up
Solo
Just go long bro, pick a good price and jump in 👌
Where the fuck you been the last 9 months? Market couldn’t care less
I bought a little more at $41, fuck off Citron
JD
https://youtu.be/jNPb5G7fB6Y?t=68
I'm just waiting for the best time to get my Monday spy puts
Already bought Calls for 11/27. Earnings is gonna taste so good
Get absolutely raped, bears
Fuckkkk, should’ve gotten them spy put credit spreads
Andrew left you fucking tard wtf lol
Right. Because we didn't just have thousands in the streets for elections.
[deleted]
Tesla calls
Dump on Monday confirmed. This pump is huge and RSI is signaling overbought.
VIX below 20 next week?
to buy spy puts at close or monday morning is literally the only question rn
No I mean I sold everything at the bottom
I actually donated 420.69 to the autism foundation and tried posting to show I was doing my part to fund our retirement plan
 Bovine brothers, the milk flows!!!
SPY about to break 9/2 resistance
[deleted]
I just bough back in at 43$ after selling my gains of the last days partly yesterday at 49 and the rest at 52 this morning. This thing is going back to 54 in no time
Only holding stocks, can't trade option on foreign markets
In case you guys didn’t realize NIO has evened out again it’s safe to swim get back in before it goes back up
I know y'all on the China Flu hustle for EV's, but why not play Ford leaps? Low IV, low Theta, decent Delta and Gamma... Feels like easy money...
This is ridiculous.
PLTR is wholesome :)
Red Monday, red all next week
When spy finishes with almost 30 green one minute candles in a row I'm buying puts for the last 15 minutes.  Lets jump in front of a bus.
This is one of the most ridiculous pumps ive seen in a long time. Glad im jacked to the tits in calls.
What’s the point of red days when it’s -0.1%
ADR’s are just a piece of paper in the Caymans. People should look into more direct ownership schemes if they want to trust their money with the communists.
nio
Would really dig a KCAC dip to buy tho ngl.
Short seller report. But WSB said NO!!
SPY loves RONA
50% of all of the existing shares have been traded in this session. LOTS of people ready to drive it up or down. Lots of volitility
this spy pump is outrageous lmao
\>20% swing

\>boring
Spy is climbing like we don’t have massive unemployment, contested presidency, and leading the world in covid cases
PT 180.
FUCKING MOOOOOONNNNNN
one last pump to wipe out the bears before the weekend. it's the american way
This really was a bad day but I'm confident it'll keep going up then soar after earnings like LI and XPEV
That was the dip. Load up
I feel so touched I made a random person on reddit tell me that on WSB, somebody has a "repetitive spammy nature", and "it's just very bizarre."..

Because isn't that... uh..  like, well, every single post and person on here already..

Wow, you really got me figured out now.

Well, I guess see you on the next Spammy repetitive post... I guess it will just be bizarre.
Bull_Run
RH glitching hard. Saying I’m up $900 today which isn’t true
Didn't know this was the last session before JD ER, would have played more aggressively
Yeah I wish I wasn’t so greedy while I was half awake at 6:45am. Tried to sell at the top of the bid ask when it was 53-54 and it didn’t fill, then watched $4000k slip away. Learned a valuable lesson though losing $4k trying to gain an extra $10.
You really have to be a monkey brained retard not to make money in this market.
bought SPY puts hoping it doesnt fuck me
Spy 365 eod
Say less NIO call
Sure poor boy
They will
Love that symmetry on amzn:

https://i.imgur.com/k8w69Bd.png
Picked up some SPY $365 c 11/16 for .10 almost up 100%. See how this pans out Monday.
Was sure 39/40 was the bottom but I wimped out of averaging
I got 10 calls at .5 I picked up for cheap....if they moon ill sell, if it tanks, oh well, I picked em up at .5 for the long term theta wheel
BABA Leaps
ban this retard, maybe scroll down a little
Bro my spx calls just tripled in 2 minutes lmfao
Watching it gap up because I bought Calls this morning...
Same. I missed it too....
Haven’t seen a power hour like this in a while
We finally gonna be able to wear our DOW 30K hats on Monday?
nio: nice 4 points move. 4k in my pocket
Calls can be expensive if sellers price them higher. simple as that. I had a call with no buyer or other sellers and I priced it at like a godly amount so my account balance looked great!
[deleted]
What’s wrong with either of those? If the man wants a truck he buys a truck
Power hour.. Show me your power!!!
Can we get NIO to 45 then all go home? Thx
This trend has happened twice now.
imagine failing one of the easiest majors ever
Also WHERE THE FUCK IS CHIMPU
Crazy day for NIO
One guy said sell so all the sheep sold
Nah! I'm all in
LOL. this is ridiculous.
I would jizz
Well done sir. I was too anxious to snipe it but I saw it. Got back in in the 42s tho wooo
HOW ARE YOU GUYS STILL NOT IN WEEKLY SPY SPX CALLS

HOLY FUCK
Long term SPY calls with short to medium term Big Tech 3x Bear hedges.
Selling NIO weekly puts at 3:55. Gotta see if these boys dump
We mooning damn
Spy is climbing like we just found the cure to cancer
Dad I’m in $150k worth of debt plz help
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/yummyyummyzxzx the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dude that’s terrible advice still. Pure gambling. 0DTE are for degenerates
(looks at calendar)


bro, u need to get some sleep


damn, now i gotta edit my shit since u edited ur shit

fuck it
If you get to 100bn you dont have to die
SO MUCH GREEN
Chinese Elon can get NIO to $100 in a week with his eyes closed
ath 364 tho
now's the time to go long on LEAPs. Or switch your loyalty to almighty Ford
How long can we keep this up???
tsla and pton wake the fuck up
Wtf spy
Monday is going to be red after these past two weeks. Consolidation is going to take place.
Woo confirmation bias!
Hold AMD for 3 months... keep the change
I hope your right
NIO
Yup
I wasnt watching when 40 hit
XLE!!! 🚀🚀
Target or home depot. Earnings next week on Tuesday.
Yep
That awkward moment where you know for a fact if you buy calls and hold over the weekend, it will definitely open red, vise versa, and if you stay cash, market will be up 2% just because and you feel like you want to kill yourself.
yo WTF happened to Chinese EV today? all time high to all time broke.
Time for a boring ass weekend. I live to trade and lurk here pretty much
love the flair
funny how their report says, its a good company, just pricy for now because they have competition. So Citron is basically saying after all their research, Nio is a legit company
who were the guys sayin spy 360 eow on tuesday. here is a reddit gold award:

.(*).
Jokes on you I don’t even know what that means
PLTR finally out of consolidation
🐻 Point to where SPY touched you
you can still buy a pre-owned PS3
Thanks for the reminder. I almost kept some positions through the weekend like an idiot.
Go ptlr go
SOL, Nintendo, APHA
This might even be the reason for the report.
[deleted]
SPY is going to gap up over the weekend isn’t it lol
  At least NIU looks to end green unlike its brethren lmao
[deleted]
AMZN TRIBE BACK FROM THE DED
If your remotely new here, more cases is bullish as fuck! Especially for tech. QQQ $300c 11/20 to Valhalla we go! Chooo choooo!!!!!
That looks painful
Unlikely but possible
> It follows that if someone has covid, the test will never be negative. 

With that assumption it also implies that Musk definitely doesn't have covid because he got negative tests, so we can't calculate the probability that he does. 

I'm not sure how bad these tests are but I'll go with [this source](https://www.msn.com/en-us/health/medical/what-are-covid-19-rapid-tests-and-how-accurate-are-they-answers-to-common-questions/ar-BB19CuAR) that says they have a 50% false negative rate.

My math says 0.03% chance that Musk has covid given that he had 2 negatives and 2 positives, which is actually surprisingly low to me.

If you want to check my math: https://i.imgur.com/PL9q5AE.png
So this transaction has 2 legs:

1) the credit put spread: this is a bullish play, I’m essentially betting the stock stays above $28 by June. If it falls below $28 by expiration, my max loss is 13k here (30k -17k credit I received). So I have some risk here.

2) long calls: more bullishness. I took the 17k, and used 2k of it to buy very cheap calls on XME near my short put on the put spread. This made my call position free. Now I’m fucked if this doesn’t get above $28 by June. But until then, I’ll have received $15k free, plus whatever my calls rack up to.

You shouldn’t do this with highly volatile stocks, it works best with low vol stocks and especially well with cyclical sectors. You can lever up yourself with more confidence this way.

I neutralized IV crush and theta decay, and primarily benefit from vol staying low and positive. I can neutralize vol by purchasing puts and doing call credit spreads in the short term to avoid sudden/permanent down moves
SPY WHAT THE FUCK
*T h e t a g a n g would like to know your location*
$ma 

$wynn
Stay disciplined and don’t panic my friends. There’s a time to sell and a time to buy but panic only brings you tears. 🤫
Absolutely they are. His goal is to shed weight, hoard cash, and invest in new business.

He's been doing exactly that and it's paying off, especially with covid.
Yes daddy
Sorry to report Drill Team Six was lost in a helicopter crash and we have all been extorted 17%.....
Max pain theory worked out beautifully on NIO
NIO being so damn boring
Did you cash out before the weekend?
BULL MARKET
Upvoting mostly because of the idiot getting downvoted....
rule numero uno: never day trade a loss
Trap? 


Talk me out of these ccl calls I’m about to hop on...
Yeah on Monday, right before the anti-trust announcement
Europe taking measures to flatten the curve, what the fuck are we doing?
Toilet paper
[removed]
One last run up before a melt down
Sell then roll out to cheaper calls
Post. Short squeeze + chinese investors = 🌝
SPY going to ATH. Makes sense because the country and market have never been better in the history of the world than right now! Pandemic cancelled. Peaceful transition of power in the WH initiated. What a time to be alive. Amazing 🇺🇸🦅
Wait for the SPY dump at 3:55 and buy 1DTE 370c
Get in SOLO now we're gonna be at $10 by Friday
That was me
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327350736544522241?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327350736544522241?s=20)

 CALIFORNIA, OREGON AND WASHINGTON STATE ISSUE ADVISORY URGING PUBLIC TO AVOID ALL NON-ESSENTIAL OUT-OF-STATE TRAVEL TO CURB CORONAVIRUS SPREAD
BABA 270 C 11/20
a 420% gain
Love you too babe ❤
i’m holding, we’re all gonna eat well on monday
Lmao
I sold at open. Might jump back in.
Jd
What does this mean and how am I getting fucked?
Just hold soldier
I don't know how people are not selling and taking profit going into the worst weekend of CoVid yet....  I'm not saying there market is going to drop like in March or even near it, but, come on...
Whether that happens or not, that rationale makes exactly zero sense.
 But you didn’t lose anything.. how much would you have freaked out if the scale went the other way
Not the bulls that bought calls today lol.
Will you 10x it?
sell it now and then buy another calls
If you were going to buy the dip, you should have done it at 40....
Vaccine Pump  > Lockdown

If you are curious by the way.
Holding shares for a while now. Let's roll!
NIO 50+ at market open Monday, heard it here first
Says the guy who waited a day to reply to an old thread
The more lockdowns they announce the more $SPY rips!
Play whichever seems more retarded honestly
Fuck. This comment was so fascinating read bro. I’m SORTA like that... but I wouldn’t be that much. There’s a guy where I live he owns a ton of restaurants he’s like 78 years old and still works at one of his restaurants till like 3 am and he has tens of millions of dollars to his name... of course he’s Greek though. They work till they die.
NIO parabolic? oof wait until you see Monday
BEARS ARE IN SHAMBLES
I went in on leaps. It’s held around 400 a while now
Alot of movement can happen premarket with these stocks.
A lot of puts/open interest on dec 18th aiming for 10% drop in pretty much everything
I’m holding
that'll be a money printer for my 11/20 20.00 P
Better buy while NIO is still on sale. You wait too much longer and it won't be a dip. Do you want to be delivered to tendie town or nah?
If I ever have this amount of money in my life I will be so happy. Not even memeing.
Travel
You guys are good if Shitron didn’t scare away people for the ER run up
$0
JNJ news
While thats true... america isnt the entire world. There isnt a bigger online shopping presence than amazon. Retail stores only go so far.
Someone explain to me how Li Auto went from +22% to minus 1% in a day.... this shit ain’t heathy lol
Nio
oh, youre one of those special kind of retard
Yeah, everyone always forgets NIO is trading "overnight" for us in China. I bet they see this dip as a huge buying opportunity.

Gap up Monday back to 50.
Peapod with the biggest ever failure when it comes to deciding to shut down
Ended up very good. Think 45K or so on NIO options today. Breaking out the good Ramen tonight.
Weekend plays? Will tip 10% of profit
Whoever timed the NIO bottom at 41 is a god. Alright boys waters clear for NIO time to get back in for ER lmao
Geez I think you’re more hurt than me about the loss.
Up, it's now at its highest point since the beginning of August.
Nio has made the so much money this week. Not in raw gains but just the amount of successful trades I got off it. A hellva week to end on dude.
You're gonna need Pooh to let him out of the camp
Please take all my money
This sub is ridiculous
Dude get a life
I'm totally going to regret holding these Monday SPY calls that are up 70% already aren't I?  Why can't I just sell !
So damn true haha
His actions since arriving suggest otherwise. Unless you think being open about the issues that GE faces are things that push stock prices up.
AYRO 👀
Thanks
Nope we’re getting rich
...they actually make cars?
I don't understand how you can have money on the line and fail to set an alarm clock.
[deleted]
Only pussies sell NIO rn. NIO to the top Monday morning
VIX off the fucking cliff.
the fed, you are fighting an unlimited money machine thats constantly pumping in billions every week, good luck
Same
Let’s roll! we‘ve been on this gravy train for a few rides
Jesus what happened here? Did you sell puts?
Big up or down
With lockdown coming thru what are we investing in now for Monday’s open
As of now like 350%
40
Big which way
Who's holding NIO calls over the weekend and are we getting fucked on Monday?
It should be at 25
You can watch him yell at clouds on his Real Not At All Fake News webcam from Riker's.
50% churn on shares outstanding for NIO just TODAY.
Lmaooo


You retards are playing hot potato with a grenade, and the pin has been pulled.
You selling eod?
[deleted]
There was a broader sell on green tech stuff at the same time, which often tracks pretty closely together

CLSK, SPWR, ENPH, and so on.  

So I think that general sell + specific NIO news caused a little wave amplification there.  I bought that dip
BABA seriously
It’s implied volatility. Watch YouTube videos on it, understand it, or you’ll be broke guaranteed.
Maybe not then lol
I went with spy puts today and boy oh boy was that wrong
When you buy groceries, the payment device has a "Donate to such and such a food bank:  $1  $3  $5".  You better be smashing that $5 for the next few trips.
Just wait a month and take profit
Instacart IPO by next year. Boys invest in that trust. Nobody wants to grocery shop anymore
I think I thought I saw you try, but that was just a dream
I am keep feeling that we will have all those “covid shutdown” news all over the weekend and gap down big next Monday, but I can confidently say that most of time I’m wrong and regret about my decision. Maybe this will be the time to inverse myself and buy 11/19 SPY 362C
What the fuck is this market 😂
[deleted]
Buy zm assholes
Nio 60 by Tuesday. Retard strength
I took profits at 52 😔
Darkpool buying was up a crazy amount yesterday, got a feeling next week is going to be big.
Who is in on target? I sold zoom in the morning to go in on target saved myself 6k.
Bought some NIO 11/13 55c yesterday but my RH app isn’t working can y’all tell me how much they’re worth now? Hoping to buy the new PS5 tomorrow
Lmao I bought that an hour ago already up 160 bucks on two contracts

11/18 not 11/16 actually
Me
Literally retarded.
really considering going in on some TSLA calls
Come on NIO flex that retard strength!
Not me
685 ZM 12/4 420c bot @ $30

($2mm premium)
Probably a ton of 45c holders expiring today.  Nio closes at 45.10.
FRAUDULENT MARKET 

at this point I don’t care to see the world burn just to see spy sub 200! 

Because it’s all faked

Without FED QE Spy= 1800
Take profits you fucks!!!
Spy gap up to 370 Monday?
Can nio hang in the 40s with 20 minutes left?
As long as it stays above $406 I’ll lick my precum off my fingers
Buy now
In zoom calls to hold over the weekend in case more lockdowns happen
Bears r so fuk
Today the market, which has been my cool uncle this week, touched me.
I'll Jack Ma Off
Starting to think it's not a bad idea to go long on some SPXS
Hold FSR over weekend???
My DD was simply "i like this amount of return, lets pocket the cash so I don't lose it, and buy a put with some of the gains" and it just kept working
yup. starting to feel the same about next week too
Yea I sold too early now I’m just scalping lmfao
Sell on Monday when it drills pre earnings
Can confirm did not time roght
NIO checking support for one last 3:45 push, green by close
Virus curve is already flattening in Europe and we are following them 2-3 weeks behind so it will flatten here in a few weeks.
You’re either really dumb or intentionally missing the point.

My question yesterday was what was your reasoning for how strongly you were advising to get out of nio. 

You never answered, then waited till today after nio opened up 15% and then dropped significantly to come back and say “this is why”.

At no point have you answered why you thought it was so important to get out of nio and only the fortunate drop it took today has made you not appear to be a monumental idiot.
And with the retracement out the way... its gonna be fun watching the short squeeze combined with earnings beat mixed with turbo chinese investors. Ni how’zz dem apples
JD to 100 on Monday
Something something buy more calls something something 🎵
FSR didn’t give a single fuck today. Just steady cruising.
Donnie just tweeted the word ‘loss’.  He’ll soon concede
China wouldnt do me dirty like that. China loves me
Missed out on losing money?
In Culp we trust
This is the way. So wise, much diverse
Ima fking fuck him up anyways. Fking little shit. Make him go wahhhh
[deleted]
[removed]
Friday night, best time for bad news
🤞🏻
Hooray Friday power hour
NIO lol
[removed]
Most non-boomer stocks are down today
Imagine not holding calls
Are my nio puts for 11/20 safe?
I went both ways today 👀👉🏻👈🏻
Yeah my desktop has been slow but mobile has been pretty fast for me
Spy 450 eom
Who’s holding NIO til Monday ?
Ban
Vaccine talks going well
would not be surprised if he earns his incomes by buying puts before the article and then calls when they're on sale
Xpev fucked me too
NIO $35 EOW next week
trump is using "vaccine talks going well" right at market close
SE gonna pump after earnings
[deleted]
lmaoooooo

ive shouldve screenshoted it
i need something to yolo my last 400 on
Million Dollar Play 🔥🔥
PLTR goooo bitch go! Come on damnit.
Buy nio dip or wait till mon?
True. I haven't checked the options chain on it today but I'm sure call holders lost bigly
okay fine, buying spy 360c for 11/16
Ever seen a train in india? Single seat, 7 passengers.
Watching tesla all day, it's literally big money pumping and dumping on each other all day.  Maybe I should sell my puts
Just spy/spx calls November 13th expirations on the next slight dip don’t go crazy though. Be willing to let this go to zero. 

Hold until 3:59 pm
Cleared
anybody just buying everything because you know its all going to be pump and dumps before the financial system collapses onto itself?
Go to politics nerd.
Aight. Spy just broke some key levels and will be bullish early next week. I’m going calls. Thanks mates.
Please lord. Seems very probable. It's running out of steam. Ppl gonna take profits.
SPCE flight between nov 19-23rd going to be big🚀
So gross
NIO and XPEV coming back in unison. LI can't be bothered. Fuck me
Bought a January 48 put after I sold my January 55 call in the am. Went to bed before work lol what happened?
Yeah I didn’t touch anything today. Winter is coming. I’ll buy in on the dips next week
[deleted]
We know
Prob dividends paid today. So futures contracts don’t get divs so have to adjust and can get wonky if it’s a day lots get paid
ANY Good Long term play
oh shit its out today right?!?
why is GM mooning? didn’t they just recall 69k cars
Maybe 6k in total the last few days
Whose buying trucks lol?  You know a bunch of hill billies? Unless you talking suburban
Only if you timed it right. Which most don’t
Wonder how the mattress king has been doing
Oregon gov Kate brown just announced lockdowns starting Wednesday. Press conference is love right now.
Anyone sell spy calls to early I am retart
Ban this qanonite
As a millennial I'm happy with my boomer Schwab account. I only deposit money on Robinhood when I wanna multiply it by zero.
[deleted]
Country is going into lockdown and SPY decides to jump like crazy
Well ladies and gentlemen, I guess this is the end, goodnight and god bless
Don't fuck with Jack Ma. Pretty sure he fucks with the Triad
Lol
Ya I sold my puts earlier this morning on the first dump, 100% gains. Been scaling into 11/20 calls this afternoon
BABA calls are still so expensive lmao, everyone buying these huh?
Then call me Simple Jack baby cause I am JACKED to the TITS 

SPY 365C
no i think next week will create a whole new generation of bag holders
Tramp stamp incoming
65
It's not about you vs me. The meme was about how irrational markets can be. Sorry if this hurt your feelings strip.
I can't imagine!
Rip
[deleted]
Uhh.. are you guys playing vaccine news or lockdown news? Can’t decide which I want to play over the weekend
yup
CHUG CHUG CHUG
DOCU ridin dirty what’s up with it?
Gotta make your monies before the next crash and then buy back in
VIX is creeping up again.
I sold at 47 then bought at 52, I'm fuming
With this market, they could just repeat the same vaccine news every Monday and SPY will hit 400 by EOY.
The report really only fuvked those on the 11/13 weeklies.
Allowing more people to load up on calls
I’m predicting earnings will be underwhelming, and expect IV to not crush hard on options with exp a few months out because of the insane price swings. Wish me luck
[deleted]
Itll come together? Lmaoo
Oh lol I'm retarded but we all knew that. Nice job man

I'll have your babies
Sold right when it hit 45
you're an idiot. you don't know what you're doing and you don't even know the basic measures available to you with a <25k account to lock in gains without burning day trades.

quit fucking trading options when you don't even know the basic strategies.
nice work bro! How much did you net?
Up and down several times per day
I hope it gaps down to 38 so everyone can shut the fuck up about it
u think we moon next week lol
Ah, the antibodies change the positive rates, that makes sense

Since I dont wanna redo the math I'll just mention that
Hey Nio bulls and Bears. We’re all winning today. Holy shit what a twist and moment of unity
Justice for Johnny Depp
What's their point in living?  He lives in the basement and doesn't travel?  So he's just an engineer tool for his company? 

Lol last guy who lived so frugally was Mr. money mustache and his wife left him for being such a cheapskate
everyone's waiting until the weekend to announce lockdowns
I bought at 51.70😪
The shit he came out with didnt make sense at all, he should have done li,Xpev,  and nio all together, instead he hits nio with it comparing model Y. Doesnt explain share structure

Like damn im buying puts next company he hits cause he really does manipulate stock
Pure retardation
# SHORTS IN SHAMBLES
Now would be a good time, yeah. Looks like the bearishness is over for the moment.
Ban
Alexa play Call of Duty Zombies Theme song
Realistically 46 max
No one tell him
BABA why so flat, why you gotta do me like this.
Lmao
$46
Buy amzn on the discount
Any normal brokerage allows AH trading, and has for many years. It's not some special feature that only millionaires have access to...
Long BABA
say less
So everything on Monday?
nio gonna hit 500 mil in volume today
Are we going down because of cases and lockdowns or up on moderna and Trump conceding?
Probably holding their massive short bag at $25
spy is daddy
JPOW said only green candles on SPY allowed for the rest of the day.
You clearly aren’t theta gang lol.

30 delta is the golden standard but risky if you’re gonna sell during an ER week
Share the love, make some
DDs
Way higher than 50 Monday.
30K+ Dow on Monday
Screenshot is after selling. Sold within $0.20 of daily low
Econ isn’t even that hard
nio dip free, truly free money
Dude Citron just did worse. They told us numbers we already know and then just gave a fucken opinion of where they think the share price should be. Everything is financially motivated if it relates to the stock market. It's a Jungle out here man get used to it.
[deleted]
K I jumped in on NIO calls a half hour ago because of you tards.
[removed]
nice volume 



i am sitting this one out


even though i feel strongly next week is for the bag holders
Everyone get your popcorn. NIO is about to die
And their +.004% returns after 10 years fking geeks
Is that NIO or BABA then
I’d cream
Haters be drinking citron
I fucking love this meme
People in theta gang
Nio is already on its way back up...went down to 40..now back up to 45. Everybody that sold is now starting buy back in
Today we moonin. Monday we moonin moonin'
Spy puts was so fucking obvious today that I should’ve put my life savings on 0dte calls
SPY has the unstoppable strength of 10,000 retards in bicycle helmets.
My puts would like a word
How many of your NIO and XPEV got stopped out today
Mango bigly news at 4
Ima laugh if NIO opens at $30
Thanks dude
This stock is heavily manipulated being backed by the Chinese government and MM's, but my break even is 72.00 , but I have the rest of November for it to close in the high 50's or 60's before selling and rolling it farther out. Just hold, then sell it day of earnings and buy back in on a dip. 

If it weren;'t for the citron BS, itd be at 60 rn
Your a fool if you think this
desktop, it's always been slow but been getting slower and slower.
Sold at 100% gain rn
Red Monday
I love you
SHOP 1000c Jan smart or 🤡?
“While we commend Baillie Gifford (love those people) and early investors, right now we are looking at a share structure and an investor base that is more interested in spinning a casino wheel,” said Citron.

Shots fired!
For the love of god do not touch solo.
Look at that dumbass “car” its nothing
Already did
[deleted]
Ah that sucks.  Yeah I was hoping to unload my shares through assignment but that went out the window once that report came out.  If you think it's going to hit your targets stick with it but might as well take profits when/if you can and either reduce your cost basis or re-invest to get even more shares.  Good luck man.
bye
All I can figure is the logical move is down due to Covid craziness, so MMs pushing higher to burn majority. They may get away with it if it weren’t for djt, they aren’t expecting all the hell he is about to raise. Or at least not giving it the consideration it deserves. He will be the catalyst and I don’t think he will be pumping
Spy calls both conservative and lotto. All in on Boomer stocks as of this morning after selling my puts on the same shit yesterday. Up 30% today and I almost wish I was a day trader so I could hop out but fuck it. At this point I've made 300% gains in little over a week and I can stand to lose some.

And if we pump on Monday....
College is daycare
Load up on puts
The funny part is when you look at your loss and tell yourself: “ and you still wait for two months on Fifa to drop to %50 off...”
I LOVE YA
Tell them to hurry the fuck up, my shoulders gonna look like Schwarzenegger’s at this rate
Every smart person knows this market will crash on Monday.  Take profits now guys.
I said realistically.
45 perhaps
I did.  Didn't wait long enough tho.  Dipped too far.
Wtf is actually driving this market. This is fucking ridiculous.
Who da fuck is citron and why are people listening to them
Sold at 47, saw it going back to 49 and drop to where it is rn. I am out and not going back in.
I feel like a god. Never before have I been so lucky as to this week. I bought and sold at the very bottom and top respectively for NIO the last few days. From calls to puts to even theta gang plays. Dude its wild....
Can confirm fake and gay
Last chance to buy BKNG puts before all the partial shutdowns and more travel restrictions will be announced this weekend. BKNG is 5% off it’s all time high. No way this doesn’t pull back to under $2000 next week.
>	Millennial friendly app

...Jesus Christ.
Don’t get mad u missed out lol
Citron: NIO overvalued!

*What about LI or XPEV?*

Citron: Well were not short on them. 

NIO green EOD.
NIO High of Day 54

NIO Low of Day 40

That is a fucking move. Did the CEO Say the N word? or did the CCP get them?
All I needed was 1 percent. I sold at 12:24 and it was ITM at 12:27. 3 fucking minutes.
There won’t be a sell off lol wtf? It’s not even at Monday’s high
Market ⬆ : Peaceful transition of power going well.
[removed]
i just cant see it happen, the fed is literally in full control right now, you cannot beat them at this game, they are pros are market manipulation, investors have given up trying to price stocks anymore, and have given in to the whole "stocks only go up" meme, just buy literally anything and the fed will reward you
Fuck you AMWL you piece of crap
Its okay, I'm retarded too but I make more money than 70% of the other retards. 

As long as you bought NIO below 50 we will go to Valhalla together, Brother
They keep you warm at night fo sho
Guh
Biggest week for me! Next week looking great. TGT!🚀🇺🇸
I woke up late and missed out at 100% gains on my nio calls and am now to 0%
Gotta bump Lil Uzi real quick
Just venmo me your money
Nobody tell him.
Fuck it. Got 100 shares. Not much risk for a decent upside.
Mobile or desktop? Desktop is always slower.
Nio🚀🚀🚀
PLTR - gonna be connect to covid vaccine tracing. YUGE
50
Nio is so nice, letting everyone eat today.
Maybe, wiser to have bought PFE dip though. They’ll pump together most likely.
you mean EOD
Everyone is still working from home though
Can u imagine how boomers r gonna feel seeing nio at ath next week after panic selling in the 40s? Love to see it
Technically I saw two of their employees driving them around two weeks ago. Miracle has come to fruition, make a wish
Imma set this song to my ringtone and morning alarm
ATH close baby let’s go
Softbank
bachelor of science in econ and i suck. waste of degree tbh
The market looks about 6 to 9 months out and virus will be mostly gone by then.
I have no idea which is what. My butthole is sore if that’s what you’re wondering
No just want the price to fall further so I can buy more leaps muahahahba
Holy fuck. Sorry man. Hope it gets better. Would be sad to see it close above 47 but I don't trade 0dte so not exactly sure how that would move for you.
They have developed a water propulsion system for powering their rockets, pretty genius when you find out that water is on the moon and on plenty of asteroids. They have plans to mine asteroids for water of course so that covers fuel. Plus NASA themselves gave momentus a shout out. This company has got a lot going for them.  Deals with Space X, NASA etc. Check out their YouTube page. 

https://youtube.com/channel/UCFpkRImftaGHDX7GHCZh6fw
sell dude
No no no, don’t speak like this you’re gonna get burned
Aaah, got it. Thanks
Oh nice.. good luck bro
Anyone playing spx expirations here??
Hm.. do I double down on puts......
Damn sold my 11/16 360c this morning and edged into puts
It's not! Still got plenty of people moving further out since they don't have to drive there every day. Land's cheap when you get a little past Scott AFB.
I hope so because I bought the bottom today
I demand to see Shitron’s position on NIO
he lost
Realistically, what’s NIO going to close at? $45.50?
We are mooning again retard babies.
With vax news coming?
Reminder PCG is safe and fun
its not gonna go 2000% like other meme stocks, but still has upside left imo.

strong sign that its up 30% on a day where others are down 10% tbh, even if it has a lot of volatility
[deleted]
But then that means he knows what the fuck he is doing and he would no longer belong to this sub.
anyone else have extreme slowdowns on RH the moment they try to buy/sell options? it's been so unbelievably frustrating sitting there watching the money I could have made fly by while robinhood spins its little spinny circle
💰 this the only bag I’m gonna be holding
Citron vs wsb, who's gunna win?
I would guess so. It's frustrating, since the split AAPL moves like a boomer stock. I just don't see it hitting 140 by Jan. I suppose you could wait until next week to see if there's a rip you could sell on.
BABA better go to 270 by next Friday or im gonna kick that midget into the water
U can try to trick me NIO but im not fucking selling
Here you go you assholes: https://ibb.co/r0VbGhB
I mean it hasn’t gone anywhere yet but yeah I’m down 1k currently too
[deleted]
Because walmart isnt a global behemoth?
NIO has never seen a red 😌keep on going up baby
Is today a shitty day or is it just me?
It will. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
AAPL is green I’ll take it as a win IDC BEARS
I mean it's still down 17 percent from today's high
Fake rally. Time to sell.  Bought SPX puts
[deleted]
This is a dumb question I am sure but why are the future spy contracts up so much more percentage wise than the QQQ contracts for the same date? Spy and QQQ are both up about a percent today and QQQ contracts even have more IV...
I have like $9k of Feb and March $5 calls. they were cheap af.
Am I retarded for thinking ZM is the play?? Lockdowns mean screen time
Damn, I wish I could go spread my propaganda on Chinese websites. Oh wait it’s illegal since their fragile society would crumble under an ounce of free thought.
[deleted]
Alexa play Ain’t No Mountain High Enough 

NIO 50 Monday open
[deleted]
Wtf is this pump...
RemindMe! 6 Days
Eventually yes. EV is the future.
If you’re referring to just selling the original call I bought I couldn’t sell it cause of day trading limits
Rip those who missed the dip, it's gonna go back up
Lmao
[deleted]
Missed the zoom dip :/
Got in at 44.77, oh man here we go again
You cant go wrong by betting on the dog with the biggest scar in the kennel. If he's still fighting after that injury you know he's tough as fuck.
With the recent rally, y’all think NIO going for green ? If so I sold my 50C at a huge loss....oh well finding 43/44 call right now
I got shaken out at $38 when I wasn't paying attention with a stop loss.

Bought the dip and am up 10% today.

Serves me right for thinking I was an 'investor' and not a dipshit.
TO ALL NIO 🐻 EAT SHIT CUNTS!
Are you getting ass’d or rollin
One day we care about Covid the next it doesn’t matter got it
It would be the most NIO thing ever if it still finished today in the green.
So spy at an all time high..... cool....
SPY tracks covid cases now. You haven't heard?
Any thoughts on kush stocks? I was planning on going heavy into marijuana
[removed]
This is amazing
It can't due to the catalyst that brought it up this high. If anything any upgrades from big names will boost it to 60+
I bought 15 mins back
I failed out of my economics major in college but somehow I’m doing ok at this game
Please make sure to go right to the metals desk and shit in their coffee maker. Fuck those losers.
How you have money I will truly never understand. You put the autism in degenerate. Truly gives me hope that I will one day be well off, thanks friend.
[removed]
I've googled the term and know that delta is how the option moves with respect to the underlying price, but what does "decent" mean?  Like, I'll look at the delta and not know whether it's good or bad....
Probably just bought UAL and CCL at the top. But let’s goooo mangoooo... 500 million vaccines in the fridge chillin right now.
Put that one in savings, son.
That's okay BABA, you go up when you feel like it
Damn vix still dropping even with a new wave of lockdowns and travel restrictions looming, are otm vxx calls for next week actually free money rn?
IDk man, they said to buy Nio 2 years ago at $7. They did pretty well so far, and a retracement after earnings short term makes sense
AAPL finally green.
not even worth calling the SEC over..
I post this kind of shit all the time.

https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/_/gc0j1ls/?context=1

Are you winning kids?
Nio saying not today boys
Definitely hold for now
I have a 100% chwy atvi nio calls portfolio and I am losing hair by the second
My nio puts did just fine, buddy.
Spy up a whole 1.5% and I'm down 1%. 

Not very cash money of me
NIO to the moon babyy
Citron dead
Its literally at yesterday's price
This NIO v shape
Moderna calls for mangos speech?
yes
Only thing i can think is this dude is hung like Scottie pippen, only reason she’s around
CRSR
MEEEEEE
Roger that
Fuck it I’m switching to it gonna play No time for caution with 3 minutes to go
Lol what! No way, i Will sell like monday or tuesday
I used the last bit of cash. Only have 400 left of risk tolerance leverage.
Quick up date. I sold my put and the bottom, and got 5 calls..up like 300 on those alone
Could have made an extra $1200 holding my NIO $45C til open yesterday and another $800 if I had gotten up on time today. So I guess not really greed so much as bad timing. But hey, at least I didn't lose money. Gonna have to be more careful though.
Blew all my buying power chasing it down to 40s. :/ this is gonna hurt...
2 weekend plays:

* JD calls for pre-market earnings Monday.

* Either SPY puts or SPXS calls for more bad covid news hitting by Monday.
Thinking the same lol, not sure if it’s worth staying with
EL O FUCKING EL

SPX
Andrew Left is a fucking the equivalent of shitty toilet bowl water
Tony
their first shipment arrived like two weeks ago and will be used for pr, would be a miracle if someone did
Yeah we'll have to see what happens. I originally expected sell off after earnings regardless of results because of this unsustainable run up/profit takers, but after today's dip maybe a good earnings report is actually enough to kick it back up.
Did I stumble into r/Investing? GTFO with dIvErSiFiCaTiOn. Retard.
[deleted]
Nah I just did my research and know that citron ain’t shit
I was for it, before i was against it
Jacked to the absolute tits in BABA 3/19/21 270 calls
Lol
I think NIO share holders bouta pull the plug off Andrew’s wife
NIO all in
Wait until warp speed conference
[deleted]
I have lots of other plays going but I can’t look away from NÏØ
Spy is pumping need some damn day trades
Moderna vaccine data is Monday, so they just are pumping/buying early in anticipation
same, unfortunately i bought premarket.
fakeeeeeeee
u/livinlike told you all to not buy nio 42c 0dte 30 minutes ago.

🤡🤡🤡
could be a lil of an early entry young bull, member we got moderna on monday and trump in 25
Butt plugged
Very fake, very gay indeed
Welp I'm back in chinese ev
LI

RKT

SOLO
I so wanna buy the dip but I don't know shit about stocks lul
[deleted]
I can’t read
I did, ain't even worried. We - 6% now today from - 12%. I caught the knife. For now.
now that Citron bought in, they gonna say it was a typo and meant $75
holding value at near highs is a risk over the weekend bros

[https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/13/world/covid-19-coronavirus-updates](https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/13/world/covid-19-coronavirus-updates)
[deleted]
Fuck Andrew Left all my homies hate Andrew Left
good, keep squeezing my nipples
The market expects another vaccine news next week.
lol just go to 300 qqq and 360 spy :) to the fucking moon bois
MMs nutting on the faces of those of us holding puts
Already sold my 47p an hour ago. All good.
“What are you trying to tell me? That I can dodge bullets?” 
“Im trying to tell you that when you’re ready, you won’t have to”
It's crazy to think Amazon wasn't valued at $1T precorona.

Why shouldn't walmart be at $1T either?
Interstellar for me - “It’s impossible” “It’s necessary”
Can’t they create some type of honorary Pumper of Stonks position for Donnie. This shit‘s gonna be boring without him
yes
Good luck dude! I'm holding until next year at the least.
Buying ZM heavy here. Lockdown restrictions coming. Getting in before retail does
i bought it went it was $19.72
[deleted]
Fake and gay
They are pumping it in anticipation of the Moderna news Monday 

Spy was at $364 

Easy bet right here
this is the way indeed
Don’t worry. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
so are we back to

Lockdown --> Tech

No Lockdown --> Tech

yet?
Yes.  Tendie train on Monday and Tuesday.... all aboaaaaaard
I will I can’t get myself to close these out. Good portion of my stuff is dated April and beyond
Lol
Wtf is this SPY action. 

Parabolic COVID cases are extremely Bullish apparently
Holy shit I was working all day and am so glad I sold NIO at 52. Time to buy back in?
THE TARD WOKE BACK UP BEARS BETTER RUN
AMZN HYPEEEE
Buy buy buy! You'll regret not to next week
Cause this idiot bought after it jumped 2400% and thought it would jump another 3000% lol. Surprise surprise when there is a little correction
Was there a specific headline?
Anyone buying spy puts at close
If I'm actually up all time, this shit is about to crash.
Exactly
JD MOONING
NIO coming back next week bigly. The second resurrection of Jesus Christ
My portfolio is down 50 percent td
[deleted]
Me too man, what does a fucker named andrew know 😂, bit seriously, this is the cheapest u can get before earnings
Good call
Sold back 47p today. All done for now. But if it can gat above 45.21. Possible.
The gang buys back up. Who cares about valuation and stuff, just buy
Mango will announce vaccines but also shit talk about Buyden
Anything that isn't Nio worth looking into rn?
Lol you’re not safe yet
I fucking love economics.
just moved from RH to TD-TOS originally moved to RH from there in 2017 for commish free.
been staring at amazon all day for some definitive movment, and it finally happens whil im chatting on here....fuck i wanted that scalp so bad
I loaded the boat on more debits, I’ll post proof next week when I make a ton of money 😂👍
Nio or wait until post earnings
Hold Nio Jan calls that I have for $17? 

Yes. Greed at its finest.
All $FSR shares or bust
All in bought more on the dip
bought NIO 20 mins ago and already up 10%... alright
wow, might actually have to shit in the lobby of goldman. whoops
Fuck Andrew Left!!! We rolling fellas!
Rip puts this market doesn’t makes sense
[deleted]
Spy 350p 11/20? Spy 350p 11/20.
Loool
Playing inception soundtrack and watching NIO rise
It sucks that NTDOY doesn’t have options
Yes. Fuck boomer vehicle stocks. The only reason companies like Tesla, LI, NIO, XPEV exist is because the boomer vehicle stocks thought it was better to lobby the government against global warming instead of investing in EV tech the last 40 years.
Definitely! Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
MONDAY WE MOONING
Do you think Apple will get to $250? Do you think Unity will go above $150? The answer is no one knows and to stop being such a little pussy ass bitch
I made 2k today then lost 1700 on zoom calls.  Fuck.
You got some stones ya know that.
Nio pump! Get in before it goes green
You missed the dip.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SPY PUMP
*H* 

*e* 

*s* 

*o* 

*l* 

*d*

*?*
have you seen their report? thats a boomer company
With no substance for it too 😪😪😪
Market ripping into close because of Vaccine news 

I left so much more money on the table fuck.

The $spx $3580s look juicy
duh
Idk there’s a dealership down the street from me and I’ve never seen anyone ever drive one
joking brother
bull we
Wtf. Fuck you man
My SOLO 7.5 calls expire 12/18.. should I just get out now and take my losses or is this thing actually more than a penny stock?
Buy the NIO dip now please so that you can get fucked once more,
[deleted]
NIO 🤑
Anyone in PLUG calls
Rufus’ House Of Money
What’s that mean?
Webull retard
Hold nio call through earnings or no
Everything moon moon moon
see, the thing is, you don't know that Citron didn't buy back in an hour ago.
yeah. i shouldvw probably gotten like dec calls, but whatever. We'll see what happens
wb PINS
Clearly a group of wealthy 4 year old market manipulating Robin Hood traders, forcing the price down so they can add to their 8 figure accounts!!!!
Almost impossible to profit with that strategy. You’ll have some big winners, some flat, some big losses. Pick 10-15 and set a timeline for how long you want to hold. Cull the weak ones add to the strong ones pick up new stocks. Stick to a timeline and don’t try to get cute buying and selling tops and bottoms.
Bought in today Just for fun. Small position 550$
lol now its time for nio to fuck those who bought puts at the bottom
Bro, I bought for an additional 10K USD at 52-53 today :D

But I honestly believe we'll be around 60 USD EOW
Yeah, that was the joke...🤷🏻‍♂️
We already had our correction in September AND October where SPY dropped from $350s to $320s not once but twice. The correction is over.
Hahahah, true dat.
Citron shidding and farding and cumming his pants
Ok is anyone buying tsla for Monday?
Let’s hope
Institutions not buying in on citrons shitty research on a growing industry.
It was a sympathy play for the other EV’s because the EV stock market literally acts like a casino 👍🏼
Hurt it more than its already been crushed over the last two weeks?
Just wagered $5000, I'm in.
You're late to the part on NIO:  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jthlc2/33k\_nio\_premiums\_csp\_bag\_holder\_edition/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jthlc2/33k_nio_premiums_csp_bag_holder_edition/)

I'm already down a ton, we could've shared these losses.

There's still hope for you on SPCE  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsy4mm/spce\_1127\_25c\_20k\_yolo\_bet/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsy4mm/spce_1127_25c_20k_yolo_bet/)
lol right on except Trump conceding. I will buy a MAGA hat if he concedes
Ofc pump after I get out
VIX deaded
Getting a $1500 covid relief bonus on my next check- what shall I gamble on
You think Trump will show up to press conferences on time now? I bet this is going to be like one of his old conferences, where he answers questions for a long time and the entire thing lasts 2 hours.
She puts out... weeklies.
Now, swap the text in this meme again.
cars are ugly. Bought calls at market open , made 200, and left.
Jump back in SPY bulls les go
then 60 after earnings 😎
🖖🏼
Nio's gonna come allll the way back
Chinese EVs
Reply with what broker you use
Just bought 11/20 $45c NIO calls. Tell me I’m a ret@rd
 🐻🌈Hunting
BEARS R FUK
holy fuck. congrats.
And I’m buying more.
Once we break $360, there is no turning back.
[deleted]
No lol. It helps baba.
Virginia be lockin down now
I think it’s changing next week
spy puts
Buy the dip!  
1000 @ 44.45
I have a shotgun ready to hunt the gay bears in my backyard
I thought lockdowns help tech/e-commerce/dropshipping
Who's holding this weekend?
If you knew it was gonna crash then post your fucking positions you little bitch
Now the question is whether I hold over the weekend after buying the dip
Solo all the way baby I'm up 100% in a few days on shares.... 

My calls are out of this world. Bought at $2.98 and I'm holding till at least $420
NIO BABY
Netscape
Something really weird going on. It's such a consistent pattern. AH limit up, bad news all day, slow decline, AH limit up, repeat. Literally the only good news is a 90% effective vaccine with no indication of a wide rollout in the next year. At the same time we're getting 150k cases a day. Even if the vaccine comes out in 6 months (half of the lowest time estimate for a phase 3 trial) then 27M people will contract covid and thats assuming the daily rate stays flat from here.
Where the peeps who were shouting $60 EOD
you ever just ignore your problems till they go away?


this marker sure is
Doh! I bought more of xpev. Scared of earnings these days. Hope I'm alright
Oof
Saving it for posterity
$45
Put it in NIO FSR XPEV, Let FSR ride
🍏 EOD Uppies
[deleted]
Sold at 43, bought at 41 lmao here we go

Enjoy the tendies mate 

I was just talking about the alternative
NIO actually giving me chest pains right now.
Go green you fucker or i wont be able to afford the ambulance anyway.
I would feel personally attacked, but I'm up 200% this month soooo 🤷‍♂️
Iv my nee
[deleted]
[removed]
+100% :(
What's a good buy for the weekend? I'm thinking of 350p 11/20
had 155 sold before that dip, could've be a sell off as it rose this much and it needs a healthy pullback
[removed]
Yeah I’m really not sweating yet it looks like a good setup and it’s a meme stock so it’ll go nuts if it gets momentum
NIO is at 545 million volume. Just fucking insane.
Buy dip. Trust
Lmao die bears
Mods
NIO GAINS 🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻https://i.imgur.com/OE8nNV6.jpg
Had nio 50cs sold after a dip for breakeven yesterday

Bought 46/39ps in revenge, then it joined into yesterday close

sold out of those at breakeven today thinking it was the morning dip

Put a condor on it 46/48 55/56 for 1.85 credit mid free fall

Bought back the c half for 1k profit at 42

Sitting on the p credit spread now 

It’s been a roller coaster day!
NIO is rising, id sell while you can
LMFAO
spy leveraged as fuck lel
#YOU AINT GOT THE ANSWERS SWAY
I cannot believe NIO is gonna finish today at 50. Unreal!!
Millions and millions
[deleted]
I bought TSLA Dec 24 $450 and Jan 15 $600 calls at the bottom today. Good luck bro.
It’s gonna happen in due time. Natural growth is better  for the health of the stock.
Ty ty
What does high IV mean in this context? Sorry, I'm new.
BUY NIO, XPEV legggoooo
Phamp it
[deleted]
You been trying to pump this like crazy today bro
Why must spy keep rising how is this possible
Thanks for the comment.  Definitely some potential volatility but not necessarily a deal breaker.  I'll have to read up on this though, thanks again.
Nio
[removed]
[deleted]
Why are you so trigger***??? Is that the question? Pretty funny how most people giving Financial advice can’t even put together a fucking coherent sentence... that was my point
you better sell that now.  if 11/13
Dumbass.
No way can it go down from earnings especially with Li’s results
[deleted]
It’s only going to go up bro. we in this together
550M volume on NIO lol
The gween got my upvote
Although I cashed out my calls for baby profit, I feel confident in selling puts with a decent delta now. Let’s get this fucking bread bulls ✊🏻
PLTR frozen at 15.5 harder than Walt Disney in his cryogenic chamber
I’m banking on tech leading again. Those guvnors are itching to close everything once more and minks will kill us all in the end

Until then, AMZN 3200C 12/18
NIO 1M chart looks BULLISH
“BEARS R FUK”
What the FUCK is this pump??
Please stop, I can only get so erect
Hello spy
If you’re on RH you can still sell, you’ll just be banned from buying for 90 days. If it’s a matter of saving your life savings it’s worth it tbh
lockdowns incoming, loaded up on pins calls
Market is clearly signaling good news about reopening question is what does this do to the tech trade if it persists? Is this really just because of the call for Georgia this afternoon?
Who bought the nio dip
A big fuck you to citron.
Lol. XPEV up 11% in 45 min? RIP people sold at $38...
[removed]
ITT: bagholders
But what if I want it to go below 40? 🐻
So Monday will be green
🤪
i chuckled.
500!
How the fuck would it hit 60. I’m a bull but that’s fucking delusional
He would lose a fuckton of money
If u rnt buying nio, u rnt gynese!
OK... Then buy Ford.

We'll check back in any time frame to see you did terrible.

Remember when people made fun of tsla around this valuation....
Maybe, but today would have been the most likely day for it to happen. I was hoping for a dip but bought some more right when it was breaking the resistance at 15.
you'll be lucky to stay above 400
it was down 14% at one point
What yall holding over the weekend?
Hold the line bröther
Shorts run to fucking cover !!!!!! Oh shit
Well the ifunny watermark is cropped out
what a crazy fucking day, man! my calls were worth 4k at open and it went down all the way down to 2087 and now they're at 3300, but I'm pretty optimisitc about the movement next week
Once you are marked as PDT, you cannot buy a stock and sell it the same day, or they will lock your account. But you can buy and sell anything the next day with no worries. I am currently PDT as well
They contributed a dip right before earnings LOL
PLUG my butthole
I sold them calls at open right before the dump lol
Yeah not for long
Right after I take a 1k loss on my contracts lmao
no but it would hurt tech market overall
Yes
Yeah I am in January 5s.  When it pulls back I might add some more and I expect some pullback.
Spy 380 confirmed
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/world-us-canada-54912610

Edit: Post was a joke
**pltr collects some data on some people.
nice
This may be above the head of most 19 year olds on here.
Back down we go on NIO now. This is a day trading dream.
Congrats and fuck you
Holy cow I hope you get it back!
[deleted]
Nahh, their product lineup is much more limited, since they only sell PC peripherals and not actual hardware or silicon
Sold mine at 41.25 🥰🥰🥰
Looking any better after this pump, what's your breakeven? I sold my puts at the bottom of this little guy and bought some 12/4 50 C s to ride whatever wave we have left, but I don't know about holding over the weekend, million dollar question I guess.
The buttholes with puts are screaming “stop the count!!”
November 17th will be the deal maker or breaker
i Will hold my shares until this stupid ass company goes out of business
Can XPEV also tap into their retard strength?
NIO- Wingardium Leviosa....
This is the way
Would be cool
F
is baba in the US?
Andrew Left has big girth and will stretch anything.
Imagine getting cucked out of your NIO calls before they smash earnings next week by a guy who looks like a drywall installer from Lawng Island
[deleted]
Damn, you a high roller 😲
Delete this post so the retards keep making bad calls
[deleted]
Shadow lands is not going to be good
HOLD AND BUY BUY BUY
Year 2020, Day Friday, Date 13th. 

A bunch of WSB virgins begin hedging in one direction or the other in preparation of a weekend of watching their wife's boyfriend do what they can't.   


Whatever happens happens.
Through weekend yes, sell some before earnings to mitigate risks
JD earnings Monday , could be a play 👀
what a world if NIO ends green.
Mango is totally gonna mention Palantir during his warped tour talk
Great profits today. Sold 5 11/20 47p. Felt good!
I’m sorry I spoke bad about you. Keep climbing ZM ily
There was a ridiculous run up right before the March lockdown....
How did they find out
F I only used 1
please go read about option trading before trading options jesus wtf is wrong with you
ticker change today?
DADDY LI
Blizzard bout to rip back to 80 next week hope yall listened to me couple hours ago ✌️
Morpheus: he is The One
god these amzn 0dte are printing hard. still 30 mins to go so prob best not to press my luck...
I’m still skeptical...
lol I had limits set at 10 for forever and finally went in at 15 yesterday.

Not sure if I want to grab more going into a shaky weekend.
ikr? ill be even laughing harder if it stays up only 0.01%
I believe that too. But 50% on one stock goes against everything I’ve ever learned. 25% already does.
**Pokes PLTR with stick
Haha retard, you ignored 2hr 10 bagger
Lets fucking GO BULLS kill a short and get away with it, NIO SHORTS RIP no one missed you
It was down 15% retard who tf didn’t take profit. Easy tendies
would lockdowns hurt baba
It's going back up close to closing, we'll be fine
AMD 82.5p 11/20 sell?

BAC 28p 11/27 keep?
Thanks for the info.  I definitely can see your thesis and we know the company is too big to fail already.  Trading a stock with high liquidity also never hurts particularly if some options are getting thrown into the mix!
market closes in 1 hour.
no way people will stick to NIO for the week end
If TSLA is not above 420 by Monday I’ll eat my dick.
NIO in the matrix, blue pill baby 📈
Firefox or Brave?
Dauimp Eiight
Nio will be green in 30 minutes or less.  Get on the bus!!!!
[deleted]
Indeed, stop pussying out. Buy the dip. Obviously, after such a legendary run, gay ass fuckers are going to hate and wish for the biggest crash ever, it won't happen. We'll come out on top. Monday will be green as fuck. $100 Q1 2021
Die VXX die
Nio is such a silly goose. Playing games scaring me ahahhhh
Shorts trying to cover on andrew left nuts news
when is the 80% lockup period over for pltr? Tuesday?
5 grand on NIO, thanks for the tip!
Just calling out moves, in case you were riding calls it was a great spot to jump out.
Bears didn’t just miss the train, they got run over by it
[deleted]
I love the stock market but goddam the greed that Andrew Left displayed is fucken sickening. I'm still good on all my positions and we all know NIO will rebound but, this really struck a chord with me. I'm legit disgusted that a human being will go to those lengths for greed.
Hold PDD 11/20 $160c over the weekend?
NIO LETS GOOOO BABI I LOVE YOU. YOU SCARED ME
Lockdowns coming soon
What do NIO trade at on Monday opening bell?
Far too sensible for this sub. That said, put $1000 into $15 GME January calls and thank me later.
And that light at the end of the tunnel is coming from all of our sweet, sweet, golden tendies. That, or the rocket blasting off to the moon. 🚀🚀
DO WE KEEP NIO OVER THE WEEKEND AND THROUGH EARNINGS?
One pisstini, shaken, not stirred
the run up to NIO's earnings are going to be insane i bet
Y’all when Nio goes down: “Stupid WSB. That’s why you don’t buy meme stocks”

When Nio goes up: “You are stupid if you didn’t buy the dip”
If you don’t buy the NIO dip, you ain’t black.
if you didnt sell when we opened at 52 just hold....
My wife says Andrew is the best bf. He may be short in NIO but he is really long where it matters.
Need a job. Just fired from the New Yorker for jerking off on a ZM call. I then went for a yolo on $ZM calls, thinking it was a sign, but that crapped out. Anyone need a fluffer?
Amzn never gets tired producing tendies
[deleted]
It’s already recovering BITCH!!!
I remember when citron fucked SHOP and made it dump to 80. God damn what retards.
At least crop the meme you lazy fuck
Yeah the stock equivalent of missionary
Let’s see if it can keep its dick up above 22 for more than a day
NIO is a day-trader's wet dream.
I don't know.. i Will wait next week because i sense some vaccine news are ready to fuck with the market
the more that governors come on TV and talk about increased COVID restrictions the more and more the nmarket pumps

what in the fuck
Things only workout for me when I do thoughtless shit. Its only a hunned though
earnings are next week, an IV is through the roof.
Bruh NIO on that retard energy
Die spy die
RH doesn’t allow same day expiry options. Still printed regardless.
LOL nio 10% BACK TO ATH!
If tsla end green.. I’ll drink my cum
They already have...
Spy is gonna dump bigly at close. These governors aren't even waiting till market close for bad news and I'm sure plenty more coming over the weekend once the ball starts rolling.
Lori Lightfoot
I can’t believe my yolo 45c on NIO worked
NIO 60c EOD HOP ON NOW
"YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER" - NIO
Sold my 5 11/20 47p already. Have at it all!
Explain?
HAHAHHHHA GET REKT PUSSY BEARSSS
That’s a hell of a risk to take when amazon was down less then a quarter of a percent.
Nope NIO has a price floor of 40. Anything near will cause it to spike back to 45+.
Wait for COD release with no cyberpunk release in nov it will be hot seller.
All my ni**as hate andrew
***Very Cool, Very Legal***

&#x200B;

Narrator: And Indeed it was
I hedged with a couple zoom calls just in case it's bad news and lockdowns but I just don't see Trump going that route
Thanks for the strat. Il use it in my next YOLO
Hi 👋 from another SWE.
Fckkk weak handed my 42 NIO call again ....I knew I averaged down all day for a reason ...
NIO $60 EOD
SOLO
[removed]
Cause they already released really good earnings and guidance. If NIO stays below 47-48 until earnings then we get the potential for moonshot again, there was always going to be a pullback at some point after that kind of run up. The question was just how big it would be/how long it took to settle.
NIO put holders suddenly got real quiet
SPY 15m RSI bout to go overbought
ZOOM TDOC LFGOOOOOOOO
just look up ARKQ etf holdings and copy their moves
IV would like to have a word with you
That’s iv my bro
Yeah i don’t really know my calls just dropped again even as it’s continuing up I’m starting to get pissed..looks like we need a killer week to get them really moving
Wrong
I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you're not asking a serious question.  It got up to 53 because idiots bid it up that far.  My puts are still doing fine, thanks.
Cashed out $2.5k NIO in two days then bought back in with half that after dip today... only down 2% hoping it’ll run
Think PLTR will ever drop back to 12 or 13 so I can load up on more shares?
Its called IV my friend.
HAHA EAT SHIT PUSSY BEAR
And that’s why, folks, we hedge with puts.

Sold my puts when I woke up at 2pm, purchased more stock, keeping my original 15% total as cash and using it to just purchase more puts now.

60% nio and still made money today
Has Branson been sent to SPCE? 🚀🚀
[deleted]
Buying back into NIO calls Monday lmao
the comeback we need
Yeah, that was me at 11 this morning.
That blue one on the right has lips that look like a prolapsed anus, which is exactly what happened to me after buying NIO calls.
this is the way
[deleted]
Can we get a rip and rally to close pls
About to hatemail andrew these nuts
I mean, that's great for humanity.  But what about _my_ needs?
To be fair it may not be as malicious as it looks.

Typically you're an analyst because you cannot trade. So the analysts may get it wrong while the Traders get it right
Thanks dude
Lmao nerd 🇨🇳🚀📈
AAPL over 115-a thinking persons atrocity. Gimme a fukin break.
Whenever I see NIO memes I buy NIO stocks
FVAC keeps on sucking me off
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** regarding NIO

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtk66u
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtk66u) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/SportsCardsOnly, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CalvinAndHobbsey
Jack-Skinne
ROO-FI-O
Last time you’ll see this stock at these price levels
[deleted]
My name is..... NIO!
You motherfucker you just made me buy above the top somehow
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Was up $150 my phone died and I lost my charger, went back NIO was $44, fucking chinese crap
good work. this should be a new copypasta
nio green by close I guess
Agree. Also, don’t want to compare this to NKLA for obvious reasons, but remember when NKLA ran from $14 to $90 On American EV hype? Well this one is actually the real deal potentially. Could totally see a similar multibagger run here in the next few months.
Come on 230 Spy dump
Lmao👌
can elon just announce cheaper tsla or something over the weekend to compete with these chinese ev my shares would really appreciate
Dumbass you know you can sell options to lock in gains right?
How are my spy calls up and my qqq calls down. Both are up today.  WTF man.

QQQ rises two points and I lose $50
Ever NIO vehicle comes with a set of those novelty testicles people hang on the bumper of their pickup truck
Pump and dump  just like it did before reverse merger. It has a tainted brand too.
And thus the NIO faithful diamond hands bulls are rewarded for their efforts with good tendies and good snap backs from bear shit fits.
I’ll drink to that, they got me! Imma get FOMO tatted on my forehead. My tattoo parlor are having specials since it’s Friday the 13th.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Who bought those NIO puts expiring today???

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtk5bn
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtk5bn) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/mobilefae, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
mobilefae
ROO-FI-O
How the fuck is DIS  still talked about? It’s gained 19% over 5 years. Just cause it jumped 10% one time and calls were up 20,000%?
Go gadget go, dun nuh nuh nuh nuh, nuh nuh nuh nuh nut nuh
Go gadget go
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Andrew Left - that's the name to remember when taking your winnings on Tuesday
I was thinking of buying a weekly NIO call at -15% but break even point was literally +13% fuck that shit have fun boys
Get out while you still can
Makes me question VIX more than anything given the current climate. I have OTM 12/24 UVXY calls, cheap as dirt.
XPEV buy and hold fuckers. This thing is backed by Jack Ma, Abu Dhabi and Qatar. That’s my Dd
March 100c
RKT on a moon mission!
That dude who said amazon closes green and he'll drink his pee right now ; 😬
the dip next week will be from $20 down to $17
fucking right. We going back to Mars baby
why u think that
PDT here; I wish your money all the best on the trip it's going to take w/o you.
Chart is topped at R. 

Could break out and moonshot. But solar seems to have taken a backseat and is in consolidation mode until it’s 100% certain 🥭 is gone 

Imo.
Buy when everyone’s scared, the company has good future outlooks. 

Might as well throw $100 into it and see what happens
Andrew left is the agent smith of the matrix. Nio is the one and it will be bring balance to the matrix.
SPY mooning because of the vaccine. QQQ is mooning because virus cases are raging.
Yes or let them expire worthless on Monday
$NIO open 54 Monday
🥲
55 by Monday??
That is impossible they do not have data center customers. That is where the big money is.
Imagine if both Lil yacthy and uzi drop an album together...
Screenshots or ban
NIO puts up 600% to -80% in 1 hour WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT, THE UNDERLYING IS $3 BELOW
CRSR on its way to $100
Shit, guess you’re right then.
I like NÏØ
Not allowed to do options.
Bought NIO puts yesterday. Sold for a loss this morning. I’m an embarrassment to my family
I'll make it up on Fiston or Fisler or whatever. EV to the moon!
NIO to $60 next week. Fuck off you fat bear. Go back to hibernation you fucking 🐻
Lol that Nio Fomo into close HAHA
[deleted]
Yes they were. On this sub, with top notch DD. Got in because of wsb retards at $6. Most here were like "meh gyna, don trust, murica n° 1!". Sold round 17. Got in again at 18.5, sold at 47.9 today. Nio buys me a ps5 for christmas :) Unless it dips below 40, then i'll rather go again on this cool nio ride.
Hold
QQQ too high imo

Both vaccine pump and Covid lockdowns/reality  hurts QQQ.  Time to buy SQQQ to sell Monday.
It’s a great idea to diversify. Spend 50k in NIO calls, 50k xpeng calls and 50k Li auto calls. You can’t go wrong with Chinese EV. One of these will be 1k soon.
ER next week though. Could get a last minute pump.
Now it makes sense
What’s the play on CNK?? Thing won’t die
Andrew left can suck my autistic nutsack
Honestly? Leave this place and never look back. Literally just put all of that on SPY/QQQ (or if you're feeling bold, put _some_ of it in UPRO/TQQQ) and then just live your life and don't even worry about market watching. I'll probably get banned for this bc it's genuinely good advice, but yeah this is not the place for you.
BABA all in！
You talking about chess?
Yeah fuck this guy or team
What are your thoughts on ATVI?
NIO
Sell? Ban
Nope they sold off in hopes to buy back with a price floor of 40.
AMZN def no manipulation here
Yasss nioooo
Go zm go
Lol
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   43.5|5.35|5.45|5.35|-1.79|188.469%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 43.5 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 43.5C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6qqlq&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Bought FB and BABA 12/18 calls. 

Bought PS 4/16 calls. 

MRVL gonna make me rich. 

TGT is my fav store. Glad I got some 12/18 calls yesterday. 

GM - what is going on here? Up 67% on my 12/18 $43 calls. 

DLTR is lagging for me. Averaged down
Sell puts for loss?
I got Chik-fil-a today. The Deluxe with American cheese, or as they call it in Paris, the Royale with Cheese.
Niiiiiioooooooo
u mean china?
amazon is lit green atm waiting for this guy to drink his own piss

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily\_discussion\_thread\_for\_november\_13\_2020/gc6m64o?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6m64o?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Do it...someone has to be a bag holder
Cmg now charges for tortillas.
We could close flat and I'll still be -10% on my NIO 11/20 IC's opened yesterday lmao

IV next week is over 200% jfc
All these COVID restrictions announcements.. feel like puts for Monday is the move
Some 🌈🐻 at Citreon with expiring puts today...
Amzn just got rock hard
Over played joke
Actually no idea man
Bought NIO calls at the bottom, my tits are 💎 hard rn
Ń I figured it out!
Spce shrek dildos
SPY puts
Sell NIO $43.5c 11/20 end of day, or hold til next week
It’s comical how many times I average down on a position only to sell at break even then it fucking MOONS. Like Jesus FUCK
[deleted]
need me to clap them cheeks on the board again?
if you were smart you can deduce that overall today the big boys are net long going into the close and the small guys are net short. Who do you think wins this battle?
Tell me more I want to go to tendie town
“Here is your requested product sir”

*gestures at drained bowl*

“Enjoy”

*thud* *splat* 💩
[deleted]
Is this the second coming of NIO?
What we holding over the weekends bros
Hey be nice to nio
I've got the 40c Jan 2023 LEAP and sold a 52c 11/20 against it. IV was around 220% on it.

If it hits I'll still be up bigly on my LEAP so I won't be too upset. I'm bullish on NIO but to be honest I think it will trade flat or slightly down on earnings, at least by the end of the week. Huge YoY growth is already priced in based on Xpeng and to a lesser extent Li auto methinks.
[removed]
Get ready for Lockdown Monday
Buying puts on your portfolio
[deleted]
Regardless of what NIO does from here to earnings, NIO puts were the play of the day. These things always dip as people take profits.
I sold my expiring AMZN $3200 call for $3. If It somehow becomes ITM it'll be hilarious.
SOLO leaps are cheap af rn
 this nigga work for Citron
Sorry 0_0
Not yet
No one cares about how you yolo $200.
NIO is on pace to exceed 550 million share volume for today's trading
Monday: vaccine news, Boeing max, Trump concede, Biden announce stimulus, bearish CNBC

\>>>> SPY 400 Monday bois, 50 baggers
there's no doubt in my mind that Trump is going to dump the market before he voluntarily/is forced to leave office and spend 4 years saying "only i can bring it back"

but fuck being a bear is expensive
Yes earnings next week
You are a retard LOL
NIO fixin to close green this is crazy
Don’t rock the boat... stay ashore.
Lol it is gonna pop to 20+ on Monday tho there’s news this weekend
cash is a position boys
You’re supposed to sell the strike above your contract...
Fuck I really missed out on PDD
NIO bear R FUK
Hair line went back 3 inches today
[removed]
NIO going back to 50
Who knows. This whole slide down has been irrational.
Bears been staring at their screen for hours waiting for the dump. It ain't coming boys
why? you can still sell. I dont see the problem
How come?? It dropped already
**buy nio puts right now**
Wow just checked in on nio. As someone who stayed away I fuckin love to see that
jack ma apologized
Can NIO just fkin chill for a bit ffs , I need
Hey guys, I was in a coma Nov/2019 and just woke up. What'd I miss?
For real
Dump last 15 mins too much uncertainty to hold over weekend 🐻
Got 50 4/16/21 12.75 and 200 shares. Im poor so thats all I can afford.
This is just a well diversified portfolio. Congrats on that, fuck you!
Dump 5 min out.
Yes
Yummy with all the dip I bought
Amazon wtf lmao
powah owah
Wtf am I supposed to do with information I don’t understand
Does your wife’s boyfriend approve?
If he does not approve you better pack it up.
stfu don't jinx it
So good
reopening trades man, these degens are just taken aback by ev today, hopefully they realize there is still an obvious play
yeah my 11/20 25c's went down almost 50% today tf. i did buy some more at that point, but the stock's up 3% today and my calls are still down 10%. tf haha
NIO's a beast, will def close green.
The boys in Taiwan will feast on the dip
I’m a retard and sold NIO at the bottom should I buy back in?
Price floor is 40. BUY before it is too late. I was a NIO meh and now I am a NIO bull.
And also lower risk since it’s a Canadian company and not Chinese.
Bezos came out with an amazon exclusive vaccine, sold with prime shipping.
So BIGC is dead dead huh?
once again just so the bears know larger orders (orders greater than 100 on ES) have a delta of +6189 into close rn. Little guys (less than 5 contracts) have delta into the close at -5884. Delta measures the aggressiveness of buyers and sellers. Do with that information as you would like.
That’s awesome hahaha
Moving to Florida. Fuck this. Unemployment ran out and my job just got canceled for the fourth time this year.
[deleted]
Oh a pump before a Donnie presser, never seen that before 😏
think it worth buying nio calls now?
u/FreeIceCreamAfterDin sold at the bottom? Pohmp eet. Pohmp eet as much as you can
Hope you bears sold your puts at the bottom.
[deleted]
The retard woke up from his nap
Holy shit $20 green candle on AMZN. One more please
Today, fortune has smiled upon the slothful.
Literally up 10% since 2:45 est. Very real pump.
Holy shit power hour short squeeze coming
Zoom starting to zoom
Corsair
Puts on SIX
why do WE do this???
V shape
The worst
Why didn't i average down 😭😭😭 been holding all week, could be up 200% instead of down 34%
Jelly that some people are up 1000% on just shares?
Lol today was rotate from NIO to NKLA
V shape retardery
Anything that is doing a few % in a short amount of time on a friday before close is considered pumping.

PTON jumped 2.5% in a few minutes. TSLA $405c went from .5 to 2.2 in a matter of 15 minutes.

Sounds like you are PDT restricted so no Friday FD fun for you. If you can get the account balance up to $25k you can start throwing in random $50 bets before close
GOD DAMN NIO IN GREEN EOD
Hooker
NIO GANG how’s the Wendy’s 4 for 4 tasting? FSR boys would share but we gotta eat 😎
If you ain't in Chinese EV, then you just ain't having fun
Xpev looking stronger than nio in the dip buying!
Why u so triggered, all he did was criticize the car and now you making fun of him for his living conditions
yeah the dip is already getting hugely bought.
this shit is better than the movies
sounds like a good time to buy the dip
it's literally some dude in a basement making tweets and blogging and people only take him seriously because he's been doing it for "17 years" and not realizing what early onset dementia is.

I mean look at the paper:

https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf

I've written college essays that look more professional.
[deleted]
Hey where do I bye virgin stocks
I fucking hate spy lmao
Queue NIO bulls never stfu for the weekend 


(It’s me I’m NIO bull)
Just snagged a 12/4 245.  IV is only 53%.  Think it'll be well in the money before 11/18.  All metrics are pointing to a run up.
72%. This thing is hosed, right?
Don't worry its already stretched out so I prob wont feel it
[removed]
My puts sitting at a whole 0 percent for the last 30ish minutes lol last 10 mins going to tell it all.
Seriously! Five minutes never felt so long. I think one bowl, nah two bowls should get you feelin aight tho
Right there with you lmao
As Covid deaths rise Green candles form. The markets are sociopathic.
NIO is literally on sale right now. EZ.
What’s the physics needed to create a toilet bowel where you aren’t met with a kiss from Poseidon?
What time goes Mumbambu Stock Exchange open?
I’m in BABA with 100 shares @ 274$ and thinking about buying another 100 at this price. But then 50% of my portfolio will be on BABA...
I can’t imagine the stress some of the people who put their life savings into these chinese ev feel rn.
[deleted]
That’s true. Look for the next meme stock i guess hahaha
Someone remind me to never trade again when I'm out of day trades.
Also, my girlfriend is an epi and agrees with fauci that it's incredibly likely this vaccine is just as effective.

Granted betting on this assumes the market won't just sell right off after news hits. If we're still juicing tomorrow and there's no news I'm leaving all but my lotto spy calls.
You do realize the catalyst for it hitting 40+ was Morgan Stanley 40 PT which got upgraded to 46. 40 is likely the floor.
Stay at home orders are getting spicy!
I am in SOL but I wouldn’t buy it today.
This is free money. 

&#x200B;

Biden will be announced as the winner on 11/19. He will announce new lockdown measures and all airline/cruise shares will tank. 

I'm balls deep on CCL 15p 12/18, jan/21.
I’m not gunna argue with someone who is being disingenuous
Just invested in shitcoin, gonna get some weird looking trendy glasses now
11/13 UVXY 13p bought end of day yesterday were a great decision
mmm dip for my NIO tendies
no
Nio good friend helps me out of rope play eod
Where’s the guy that said he would name his kid after NIO if it closes green?
Gay bears caught me slippin once okay so what
NIO BEARS GET FUKD
ayo teach me your ways, your saying the transaction was free? so the collateral u put down was equally to the credit?
I have VXX 11/20 calls ranging from 20 to 25.

Thinking about selling the dead 24/25c and adding to the 20c.
Be sure to let them know your pants were made in the wonderful country of Taiwan!
Was going buy 1k of nio puts but got high and fell asleep instead. I hate money
Get your bullshit outta here
Bullish
I yolo 1 call for earnings. I’m such a pussy.

Edit: I’m up 7%!!!! Victory!!!
If the Chinese 3 EVs go back up in the after hours I am going to crack up
ZM calls SPY puts
finally back even on CRSR lol
I used all four of them in previous days.
ooo ok, yes i agree with that
If NIO spanks earnings, andrew is getting analed
[deleted]
Then pump Monday PM
I bought a rocket leap 10 strike for 9.50 on the same day a NIO leap 15 strike was 1200.............
yes but only if xi fucks the entire game, the rest of chinese stonks would die, but babas upside is limited alittle now, cuz ant group was a big part of their future, and they blocking it indefinitely?!?!??
I’m seriously about to put half my account into PLTR and the other in PTSH and delete my trading app for two years
[removed]
I too saw that video today
[deleted]
The dip has been yesterday. Safe for a few more weeks
No production car until 2022 so I’m guessing 420.69
Omg you got 40k ! You shoulda held onto the bag
I was getting hype about finally dipping into calls on NIO yesterday, but my account wasn't set up for them yet. Laziness won out, and I never finished the process, so I didn't lose all my money.
You should have bought this morning instead
Fuk this Apple going no where. Will this go down?
Lol same
i'm waiting for another vaccine headline to crash PTON more then buy calls 1-month out
After the moderna pump and before the stimulus pump
A Twitter lemon fucked over China harder than a bat did
Not sure so annoying but looks like it’s really picking up steam now
Hold stronk, we’ll probably see a bit more dip due to mango press conference but then people will remember that the vaccine is still months away no matter what he says and then lockdowns and holidays we’ll be here before you know it.
what the fuck did you think it was going to do? a straight vertical moon shot to $100 by the 20th next week?

jesus you kids are ACTUALLY retarded. this shit is up from $3 to $45 in like 4 months and you all bought calls AFTER the 1000% run and you go "wHy iS iT cRaShInG?"
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Alrighty all you NIO buttboys I have something special for you. I present to you, the Chinese Robinhood: TIGR.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtmcq3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtmcq3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Popular_Ad9150, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Thebush121
ROO-FI-O
betteridea
why can't someone put out a hit piece on citron?
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
So we had US EV surge, China EV surge, time for an Africa EV surge.
>Morgan Stanley gonna increase their PT to 60 to fuck you up.
CRSR baby I never doubted you. Ok only a little.
Why are all the nerds not buying up ATVI yet
The dip is over. Healthy correction, now back to the moon!!
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|1.39|1.4|1.35|-0.13|214.037%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 60.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 60.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 4 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6qf31&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
What tasty dips are you guys buying? 😋
Gotta look out for my puts😅
**Imagine Selling your NIO calls' which aren't even weeklies at the Bottom lol**
If you sleep on NIO a second time it’s your fault
Yeah I am a retard.
Ik 

I hope i can be more confident next time
OR gov Kate Brown about to announce a 2 week hard lockdown.  Prob first of many.. Wondering whether to buy long date spy puts.
Get the fuck out of here paper handed bitch you don't know what you're talking about keep them calls rolling baby woooooo
**New Mexico Stay at Home Order Issued:**

 [https://twitter.com/GovMLG/status/1327344308031156224?s=20](https://twitter.com/GovMLG/status/1327344308031156224?s=20)

>Every one of us should stay at home except for only the most essential trips.     
>  
>All non-essential businesses and nonprofits must cease in-person activities.    
>  
>Essential businesses may operate if they reduce their operations and in-person workforce to the greatest possible extent. 

**Oregon lockdown:**

 [https://twitter.com/ByMikeBaker/status/1327341051783254016?s=20](https://twitter.com/ByMikeBaker/status/1327341051783254016?s=20)

> NEW: **Oregon** Gov. Kate Brown is ordering a partial lockdown for the state, shutting down gyms, restaurant dining and some other activities for two weeks.  As states begin to restore restrictions, this is the most sweeping order so far.
NIO 11/20 60c only 1.30
Last $500 need a noice play
Your gonna be rich by 4pm tune in to trump press conference
congrats and fuck you
My nio puts getting IV crushed
Thanks for your donation
just put some time in research and invest in 10/20 good stocks
Holy fuk CRSR mooning. Why didn’t I buy calls
Only on my bad days
just so the bears know larger orders (orders greater than 100 on ES) have a delta of +6189 into close rn.  Little guys (less than 5 contracts) have delta into the close at -5884.  Delta measures the aggressiveness of buyers and sellers. Do with that information as you would like.
F finishing the week pretty strong
Done. What a piece of shit. Regardless of your position it's pretty much theft what he's doing. Please keep in mind shareholders who are older and not as astute as some of us. The titles on his reports are incredibly misleading. Boatloads of people already reported him. It'll be interesting to see where this goes. Not going to lie the fucker seems interesting though. Sounds like he's living his own movie or some shit.
This stock goes up 2400% in 6 months and you’re crying over a 15% drop? What he did was equivalent of any market maker upgrading or downgrading stocks. Nio has benefited from plenty of “upgrades”
[deleted]
SPCE starting to go vertical!!!
You get 3 warnings I'm pretty sure
dead cat bounce on EV?
Pltr
[deleted]
Bought puts earlier today
> NIO 

> faceripper

>stock is down 9%

LMFAO !!
[removed]
I m in
Sold at open for 100% profit. Buy more 30 minutes before Shitron announcement. Sell at 100% loss. Came out even 😎
haha the rest of the field is gonna rip on him so much lol
They’ve got earnings tue morning, I might jump in
!remind me 10 minutes
This guy did
you were saying?
Nobody cared when you posted this 8 minutes ago
yup
what % are you down chief
I respect that but aye if I coulda day traded I would pulled a nice k but Na
[deleted]
You can still close you just cant open
Go on Robinhood. Look at PLAY or CCL and see what people who bought these stocks are buying. Realize you should've been shorting these since Monday and then buying calls this morning after moderna announced prelim news yesterday
NIO: “GIVE ME YOUR ENERGY!!!!!”
 I expect NIO to pump into close then dump hardcore in AH lol
Good luck on your puts next week.
NIO sees the Matrix for what it really is now.
Agreed enough is enough now. Needs a separate forum.
Lmaoo the market rn is like after you’ve already nutted but then she starts to rub your junk again
I’d 🌰
wtf happened to amzn... the amzn that I sold not 20 minutes ago
Man was between $MU and $SPCE for calls over the weekend think I picked the wrong one.
NIO 70 next week then I can afford my wife’s bf a house
i mean, u can just miss out i guess
naw my trading strategy is different. I scroll wsb until I see something that catches my eye- might be the use of emojis, might be a shitpost- then I do the opposite of what the third google news result proposes. Got corsair and nio that way
Buy the dip
That’s even more unlikely
They were all temporary blips too. Guy has to be putting trades on before publishing his materials.
Welcome to advanced derivatives trading and portfolio management. I posted a DD on it before it started really moving 😂

A hedge should really be defined as a position that covers your initial cost, so your losses are either 0 or minimized. I also am selling deep OTM iron condors weekly to ensure if vol does decide to pick up, I ain’t rekted by my credit spread
Big balls. I'm scared of the weekend. 

But fuck it I'm in
Protests will get worse this weekend.

More states will announce increased measures and stay-at-home "orders"

$SPY to $500
[deleted]
Yes
So am I right in saying I could put all my money into a pharma company and get it commission free!
Initiated a position in FSR. 5 calls, 12/17/21 17.5 c. I heard they were using some of that billion dollars they got to hire celebrities and influencers. To the moon baby!
If NIO hits 50 again I’ll double down my short
Plug is opening at 26....
BABA bye bye.. You don't fuck with Winnie the Pooh
Does BABA have more downside from here on out?
Smart move Im getting 11/20 60c
FLGT
20th because after earnings it will have a sell off. You want to sell before earnings because IV.
it's people like you that i think who come up with good ideas
imma go get me some Wendy's
NIO going back up lmao
ÑÎÖ es muy picante wey
OP prepare your @sshole for the biggest, longest, and girthiest downvote in WSB history !!!!
you are 80% ignorant and 20% retarded.  have you watched a single interview with Elon where is asked technical questions?   The guy is a fucking genius and knows his shit.
NIO puts up 600% to -80% in 1 hour WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT, THE UNDERLYING IS $3 BELOW
He should take a shit on Goldman’s desk
genuine question. With VIX as low as it is, wouldn’t that imply stability in the market? To me, with the recent moves in the EV, solar, financial, and MJ markets, it seems a little unstable. 

Seems like it wouldn’t be a bad time to get into long dated puts as hedges with the low volatility
[deleted]
Liquor
fuck robinhood for auto selling my ITM nio spreads for a loss, i would have been at full profit if they waited
David Ackman and Herbalife. Happens all the time. Make money off the volatility. You will learn to love it.
I close most of my theta positions i made last week, then rewrite them for next Friday, squeezing in that extra day with of premium
NIO and playing earnings. I'm either gonna lose it all or come out of this a bit richer.
Spy pump or dump into close? Place your bets 


Cmon dump bb
See! Like I didn’t know that was going to happen, but the charts suggested it. TA is some wild shit when it works.
Spy 300 monday
Fucking hell.. listen, bitch, Risk-control shaming is NO LONGER LEGAL
I'd nut. Just bought 100 11/16 365 calls for the lotto play on Monday
Buy into nio again?
Ask Citron for that lol. They made bank
Daily mentions of NIO on WSB was high as fuck and 100% over bullish. Triggered alerts to the big boys to sell and gtfo. Citron was secondary.
This is a terrible idea
pls bezos
idk man I just like rgb lights
In all seriousness, the most loaded guys I know pay cash for 70k+ trucks and dress like hobos.
I did. Like hours ago.......
[deleted]
Is CRSR the next NVDA and AMD?
One more NIO put scalp for the road
Jan 2nd 2020.  I had read up all new years and saw a bunch of articles that mentioned GE.  That morning I was scanning my watchlist at about 10am and noticed that GE hadn't really moved when I was kind of expecting it would gap up.  Options expiring the next day, I placed an order for 100 only 23 (I was wrong about 17) got filled.  GE kept going up 4,500% is where I sold (so $1k profit) but there was a time when it was worth 1500.
The car only speaks mandarin
I feel that I'm really missing out by not FOMO'ing into FSR and SOLO... I don't even want to visit those former bagholders over at r/pennystocks, prolly all happy and snorting coke from hookers asses over there.
Got in at $41 today, now hoping we give it retard strength
So how’d yah do.
Closing all my shorts and non CC thetas over the weekend now, Monday put the fear of YHWH back in me
RIOT
Seriously, that research piece sank my 0DTE calls
I watched the $47 call i sold drop out of the money just in time for expiration today.

THETA GANG!!!
Because look at those 356’s
Goldman Sachs metals desk, please.
Opinions on Fisker:
can anyone explain what caused that iv drop on SPCE today?
These NIO comments from this morning aren’t aging well
Nio dies in 10 minutes 🐻
194,610 new covid cases yesterday... holy shit. Puts are fukd, buy calls
Yes
[deleted]
NIO king, he will resurrect on Sunday and return on Monday to obliterate the weak hands and disbeliever, bears getting slaughter indiscriminately, stay tune kids.
bet
there is no 11/16
Position?
Nah real facts though I’m beating the market by wheeling lol
how many plebs wrote NIO puts for free money and got destroyed today?
What?
yessir
What’s everyone buying into the weekend?
Yeah. May open some small positions when there's a pull back but it doesn't make sense to be trying to time selling/buying options on shorter contracts. If you had bought it at any point before this week you wouldn't have lost any money during any of the "crashes" that killed options traders.
You’re so fucked lmao
JKS only goes up
Fucking insane!
[deleted]
You must be super fun at parties
It will when it touches 361 363
Ima blow that man a goodnight kiss. I sold at the tip top my calls and road puts all the way down
I barely made it out on the backside of the surge. Out at 51 as the slide started accelerating. Thing dropped like a brick.
PFE calls and travel stocks or just UDOW if you want to play it safe
No one mention the cousins xpev and li?  They follow the exact same trend.
I sold 45.5 puts exp 11/20 ATM yesterday. Still holding, although I could / should have taken my 40% gains this morning.
BABA needs a pick me up
People shook about mangos press conferences here he’s about to take credit for the vaccine that’s going to be out “very soon, so soon that it’ll make your head spin”
China needs to start paying me for all my NIO shilling. Or they could just give me one of those cars and I’d call it even 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
When will markets stop ignoring a million US cases a week
Are you not part of the "majority of the market"?
I bought 1 NIO call For November 27 44C like a few days ago...you can imagine how much I was up this morning..I realized if I bought 20 or 30 more of those I would be rich.. oh btw I held on and now it's back down to almost nothing 😆😆😆
Cash the fuck out and enjoy the weekend 🍻
The best investment I can think of for you, or anyone really is paying off my debts :)
I'm going to be marked as a pattern day trader after today.
I'll still have several option orders open.

Will robinhood close them for me automatically?

Or do I have until they expire to *only* sell them?
What ? Left ? As in news media outlets ? That get potentially get incentives to promote specific stocks ? Especially when they took investments prior to making a report about it ? Yeah. That is evil.

Took investments: I’m inidicating potentially media companies taking investments and promoting prior to releasing the positive information. 

Companies have a list full of different reports on news outlets to get there company out there, good news is bad news
You’re assuming people here are investing in things they know about
anything but these Chinese car stonks everyone keeps talking about.
When will RKT be a good stonk
Those NIO premiums god damn
[deleted]
NIO recession over?
Bring Luckin back

RELIST OUR TRUE KING
i heard deepthroat
Nio!!!!
CRSR IS UP 3%
I'm fucking getting black out drunk at indoor golf after work if NIO closes green. Actually I will either way but still. Of course I sold at bottom for the day.
Are we done with the paper handing?
Alternatively, one can simply just be Warren Buffett
cuz it mooned 40% lol, u think theres more where that came from? idk brother, what are the catalysts and did they even destroy earnigns like that? nah idts
JP Morgan will raise price target.
We're talking about the stock market at least. Yeah hospitality suffers, and the disconnect is fucked up. But SPY gonna keep on keeping on cause AAPL MSFT NVDA BRK.B etc keep drawing investors
TAN is such a shit stock. Any suggestions for other solar/green energy stocks?
You close to a margin call? I have never had E*TRADE sell a position on me.
PLTR

Would y'all autists hold with a 15 cost basis? Thinking about selling to catch a dip next week.
Tsla calls?
Nope
I already existed like a pussy.. I’d have gotten a %30 gain if I held for 10 more minutes.
Yeah fuck that I want to live rich not die rich
Blackrock
Yolo into puts
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   45.0|0.12|0.14|0.16|-3.63|66.705%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 45.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 45.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 11 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6q3qr&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Alright you've convinced me. In all in
🤣🤣
Why are you getting into fisker? Just soci know if I should get in too
I can’t take much more of this 🙉
I like the n-ye you used. Makes nio feel more ethnic. I don’t even know how to do that in my keyboard
spy is a fucking monster today major controlled buying happening today
I feel personally attacked
Buy an index?
NIO 11/13 45c
I sold at the -=very=- top. Both my calls 2 buy and sold calls for theta gang. Raining tendies
So by diversity youre taking a risk? Come on man....
UVXY weeklies
Why do you say that?
[deleted]
You spelled 16k wrong
right
CRSR also going parabolic
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
XPEV   40.0|4.15|4.3|4.3|-2.68|147.661%
NIO   45.0|4.15|4.2|4.17|-2.06|191.758%


XPEV 40.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 4 times

NIO 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 12 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6q2d1&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
You confirm my bias. But...if it doesn’t happen...
  
I will look for you. I *WILL* find you. And I will keel you.
**You Keep Using That Word, I Do Not Think It Means What You Think It Means**
I bought calls today so puts
Just wheel it
All i have to do to make my money back is yolo into 0dte SPY 354p x 80 and have SPY tank to 350
Yes.
lol nio going back to 50s rofl
Heisenberg Research
[deleted]
NIO 0-dte puts
You should’ve just play some puts instead tho
Any eod plays that aren’t completely retarded?
AAPL 1/15 $140c... bought before Sept, held out of stupidity. How fucked am I here?
Come on NET, stop being a disappointment. Follow your brother FSLY
How valid is this vaccine news. What would be a good investment at close for it next week?
Check it again bitch 🤪
my calls would like this
Do it wherever citron is located
Nah
If UVXY hits sub $11, load up.
I think there may be a vaccine pump incoming but I’m going to play zm with debit spreads
So you’re getting shares?
fresh
Right! What’re you selling?
They make dips and they buy them. Common sense, I would be doing that too, and you too
buy CRWD dip!

The world will NEVER need less cyber security than it does now
Bless up. That game is a cash machine.
Vaccine hype. New administration coming in
Just bought spy 368c 11/16 for .03
meeee and i meant to buy a call it was literally just retard error FUCK
Sounds stupid invest it all in one ;)
What if they partnered with Mio? Buy a Nio get a 10 year supply of Mio
[deleted]
Who and what?
Naw, we got holidays and "lockdowns" coming
is it a trap?
How to beat the stock market
1) Be an institution
2) Pick up or down
3) Price upgrade/downgrade based on position
4) Profit
Don’t sleep on M 🔥
guys I'm up 40 bucks today!!
Of couse. Im a big boy, and I know Moderna vaccine is announced next week
Lmao just saw what happened to all the fucks who were spamming NIO this morning. Good shit.
Insane
Nah
Nice...I bot CCL Dec 20 calls...will buy some Mrna's
Because when you get into space and start doing stuff, all of a sudden every one wants a piece of you and to work with you.
The day of humiliation is over, NIO is out for revenge
just bought nio dip, finally back in lol! to 60 without u fools when they hit hard on er
[deleted]
NIO will be $38 pre earnings
[deleted]
Lol what
I dont have any DD but you can 3D print deez nutz.
Keep ya heads up fellas we hitting 60
[deleted]
is Donny about to tank all online sellers $chwy $amzn etc
this NIO faceripper is brought to you by the Great People's Republic of China
You do realize that those spreads are so tight you have the potential to get analed if everything turns in the opposite direction? At that point I don’t think you’re playing any of the Greeks and instead playing for luck with the chance of having to file for bankruptcy next week.
[deleted]
Well it’s nio
My hero!! Good shit man!
How dare u buy Walmart puts
That’s what I’m wondering. They seemed poised to moon but ain’t shit happening
[deleted]
Maybe not short term
With the looming lockdowns I don’t understand how ZM and PTON are getting fucked today.
Jesus why do I do this to myself?
VOLUME
Who tf cares what “Citron” says why does this cause Nio to crash so hard?
Nio with a 6 percent bounce while I went to go shower. Call me crazy but am I seeing more of this than before? Like I used to be in awe of something moved 2 percent in a day but 6 percent in an hour is like meh now
BABA
This shit came true today
Who bought puts on that NIO bottom?
[deleted]
100
Some cruises for Moderna vaccine pump next week
It popped to 86 what are you talking about? I made half a mil on that alone you chump.
Yes, $100 in 5 years
anyone see the green candle at 2:50 on Spy? bigger than the size of uranus
Good instinct bro. Guide on. What’s next in your playbook
$7k
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/darthjai the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The fact you did not remember about day trading limits is why they have day trading limits. To stop retards likes yourself from even worse losses
Should I get out of this $108 pton call expires 12/4
Bought Ñīo  11/20 $50 Cs for a 2.67 premium
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
APPS   45.0|0.15|0.2|0.15|-0.03|86.513%


APPS 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6pvjb&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
NIO is like the spirit bomb from dragon ball Z right now. Everyone is throwing money at it as it waits for take off after earnings next week
For sure. $300 is safe IMO
Fuck you citron were going back up
He is starting to believe
$7k, cashed out @ $80k
MODS
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6ml14
Could u just do it anyway
I was just gonna say. Insta showing their true capitalist colors now. Could be a good thing for the shareholders though
this is a casino
Bought a NIO call for next week. You’re welcome
Figure it out? What are u talking about
APPS 45C 11/20/2020
i drink my own piss,  if this happens.
Damn I didn’t check stocks at all since market open. Looks like a whole lot of people got fucked off of nio. Rip.
I hear you man. It's such a fine line between being greedy and wanting to make big profits.
Goldman
Instructions unclear, buying SPY calls exp next week
And now we rise.
Everyone’s inside voice screams hold
[deleted]
Thot u sellin
Me too... lets row this boat till we get swole shall we?
Love it!
Still green on my calls. Wish I had sold at the top and gotten in back at the bottom, but sometimes having diamond hands means not touching your shit for fear of messing it up one way or another.
TSLA pumping hard
What’s all this PLTR hype. Will it print?
[removed]
That's clearly the sister of Vincent Adultman
PLUG 35C 3/19/21
Alright, I'm done buying NIO options lmao. So much easier to eat those drops and you can average down when it's obvious it will rebound above previous support levels. $40 is the bottom.
Bought NIO at the bottom because there's no way it doesn't run up next week before earnings. Right? RIGHT?!
Actually not bad. Makes sense, there are too many P/E boomers here and they get their panties ina knot when they don't understand anything else other then  year 11 economics.
Sameee
[deleted]
Real talk
More legit than NKLA, less than NIO production wise. Fisker Karma was the OG production car. And the Fisker Ocean moves without needing a hill to roll down.
if NIO closes green i will take a shit in the lobby of a MM of the top upvoted choice
SPY simply does not care about lockdowns
No. I just want to revel in our mutual gains. :) Feels really good.
 Stop yelling please
Go. Up. Zoom.
:(
[deleted]
Calls on ACB?? Thoughts??
bears will see the dreaded face ripping rally in the last 30 minutes
Thanks, yeah, sold it when it dipped below 42. You’re still in the green, a lot of people weren’t as lucky.
Revolut is the European RobinHood
if only there was some sort of currency that cant be printed....
Lmao  more institutions just bought in the dip, charles schwab investments 1.16m shares
Rotation from NIO into $ROPE
Would love to see Nio fans come to the American team
Everyone's getting leaps for xmas.
Fuk citron cunts. just added to my NIO moon.
new factory and ramp ups yup
Nio volume over 1 billion ...
It’s never been like RH lol wtf
pay good at least?
So wait, you want me to pm you pics of you naked? Not gonna happen, those are treasured possessions.
Short term gonna be hella voilatile. A year later it'll most likely pay off.

So if you're looking for weeklies no, if you wanna go in with shares I'd consider buying in. Or sell some puts.
Didn’t end up getting in .. which has also turned out to be fortunate
Plenty of time for NIO to climb to 46 by EOD.
PLTR gonna close strong
TSLA green eod
I’m in a toxic abusive relationship with RKT
[deleted]
[removed]
you had me in the first half ngl
That is quite the analysis to claim "bc of a competitor". And the word FOMO isn't a real parody.
I’m down 1k holding it through the weekend, if you sell you going take an L regardless
Is NIO gonna end green? lol
Winnie the Pooh deliver us
pls no
🌈🐻 about to get their faces ripped off by Nio power hour
I have seen their "car"... I'm ready to put my life savings into a lot of retarded shit, but this is where I draw the line, man.
Click the picture fool it’s cause there’s 2 slides...
I haven’t lost more than a few percent of my principal thank God, I know I’m luckier than a lot of others after today.
you are like me with my baba calls, they are fucked. pull out or wait for some fucking miracle.
SOLO has to dump, no?
That depends.. are you gonna ask for a cut now? Lol
Ok guys... I sold all my shares at a loss. I guess the rule here is buy the rumor, sell the meme
Buy high, sell sober
Put holders better thank Citron. And dip lookers should as well. This is a gift
can spy just dump so i can get calls for monday lol
park it on TQQQ until you find a good bet
Your mom
Its called penny scalpers aka the scum of this earth
I told myself not to revenge trade 10 times today.. then I did.. all gains from 3 months are gone :(
I need to do the same, I’m fucking up lately
Yeah I don't understand how people didn't figure this out after monday
##?
even on a 2% + day, Spce fucked me hard with that iv drop.
Puts on FB. This new reels thing sucks absolute dick.
Redish to flat
I will stay with Tesla, thanks
no they bought puts EOD yesterday and calls at 42
AAPL gonna burst thru 120 just to fuck up your puts
THIS
How many? congrats and fuck you.
Same im greedy fuck 100% I want 300+ Monday
what to buy and hold over the weekend?
Buy SPY puts a couple weeks out and hedge with SPY FD calls for early next week
Well timed? You have 1+ years to figure it out. What are you talking about?
They’ve been busted several times for market manipulation. This one is so obvious they deserve to be investigated
Nothing haven’t sold. I just keep averaging down on dips.
I always get pissed when my RH goes green too
Softbank has entered the chat
I MEAN YOUR MOM
Fisker
wassup NIO-tards, how we feelin
GYNA!
If I'm selling PLTR CCs, what's a good strike and expiry to buy?
I mean your dad
Sounds fair
[deleted]
SOLO gang still here?
Both
It’s totally manipulated rn on low volume. Be patient my friend next week will be RED
spy going to 450 with ease
Two week 'freeze' order issued in Oregon, closing gyms and other restrictive things starting Nov 18th for a 2 week period. It's starting. Plan accordingly.
....yes
I just wanted to check if you bought puts at the top and sold at the bottom like I asked you to. I exited with +70% at the bottom.
$rope
Xi's tiny cock shaped recovery for NIO
35
Interesting. Why this?
My mom
Stay in NIO, it's already bouncing back a bit. After such move it had to correct, but it's still a minor correction compared to the gains of previous dayz.
I sold mine yesterday on nice gains and just bought back in a few minutes ago
P(M) - prior probability that Musk had Covid - assumed to be equal to c (below)

P(M|T) - updated probability given the positive tests

c - proportion of the population with covid antibodies

Tpr - true positive rate

Fpr- false positive rate

P(T) - probability of a positive test result = Tpr\*c+Fpr\*(1-c)

P(T|M) - probability musk tests positive, if he has antibodies = Tpr



Incoming terrible formatting (mobile)

P(M|T) = P(T|M) *P(M)/P(T)

P(M|T) =Tpr\*c/(Tpr\*c+Fpr\*(1-c))

Pick your favorite values for c, Tpr, and Fpr and go to town.
SPY, do it! You know you want to!
Thinking same thing, ba up 5% like what? How’re you playing things
Why is your screenshot so low res? Puts it is
curios
lol good catch
remember after a massive sell off like GNUS there's always a small pity bump a week or two later before it completely sells. You can make good money on those pity bumps
OK. I bought some CCL and MRNA weeklies. Time to ride them into Valhalla or into the ground.
this guy made his money today. longterm we are gucci
Imagine holding your NIO 40c  all day, selling at 2:45 and then it immediately goes up $3.  Thanks puss hands, I'd buy a PS5 with your money if I could find one.
good time for a rug pull
This ain’t Robinhood.
Unemployment is still pretty high, just because you don’t personally see anybody suffering doesn’t mean others aren’t. But I agree with the no one cares about Trump anymore part
If nio ends green you know institutions just took advantage of your weak hands.
Shortsqueeze nio again
In all seriousness, NIO is the ultimate YOLO - who the fuck knows what's going to happen there
prolly gonna gap up to 3180 and run to 3270 by thursday
ZM or SHOP calls?  Both look free
Your mom
[deleted]
Lmao faxxx
Yeah my nrpls are still prpl. Didn't want chafed NIOpples so I stayed away
[deleted]
Anyone have an inexpensive play to grab and hold for the weekend?
This is the way.
It’s high was 4.5 - I had 20 of them this morning and sold for a small profit instead of ...
BABA knife HERE WE GO
Bloody red next week
No
E*TRADE auto sell my only profitable position but doesn’t do shit with all the losers

Fuck this
NIO green by eod?
Fuck yeah NIO making a very meaningful push. This is important because it will givd buyers the confidence that this trend will continue through the earnings date.
Thanks appreciate it
[deleted]
as long as i hold these nio puts, u bears are safe :) went up 8% since i bought rofl
Same brother.
Then why was it at 53 I hope you buy some shares to offset the loss on your puts when this squeezes
Bottom of a bottle.
[deleted]
Someone must’ve woken up Xi Jinping to authorize them to buy the shares up. Lol
Bull trap. Wait till end of day or something.
AAPL $120 C 11/20
I’ll buy your tendies off of you for 5% of what you paid... it is the way of wsb...
just buy calls before close and wait for him to call the elevator up
Lol this aged poorly
It seems so obvious so let’s have a reverse Monday please.
brown pussy definitely > black pussy. Not that i would know about the latter just...you know...extrapolating.
Spy calls for a part 2 one Monday’s pump
got feb, but yes
NIO 💎🙌

Fuck you 🍋
I decided to hedge for a change. Look at me being all cautious and shit 😌
🤡 in my Portfolio and they won't go (up)
I do too
Ikr
Holding tech calls before moderna data is retarted
[removed]
There is literally no reason the market should be up right now. It is total manipulation. If I lose my 500 in puts not a big deal but the fact that the market can ignore such volatility is ridiculous.
You weren't lying.  YTMND.
dude it's right before earnings. i hate that people are ruining the term diamond hands but yeah, definitely diamond hand because the boomers are just starting to find out about this shit. lotta money left to be made, and fomo to capitalize on. I have 1/20/23 30c just waiting to be sold and I'm keeping them cuz of that
Bed

EDIT: Also your wife
NIO is taking off next stop 50
bought top of SOLO this morning thinking it was gonna be a good day 🤡
lockdowns don't matter really. Everyone still works

Nobody takes Trump seriously
more like 55c 0dtes
[deleted]
Nibba lives matter
my other post got deleted so I put it up again
puts on puts.
Forward looking.... atleast 1 vaccine is viable and treatment is FDA approved too.
MRNA 11/16 100C

Cases will rocket over the weekend and Trump will release 120% effective MRNA vaccine news launching the markets to all time highs. Poor people will be mandated to administer doses to the top 5% first or else they get no stimulus.
Love TD. Being able to call somebody and talk to them instantly too is nice.
[deleted]
That’s an interesting relationship you have with your mom
What is that
Time to buy thanks
Simps still think Warren buffet knows what he is doing when Berkshire Hathaway didn't even all-in on NIO calls
I’m in a 160 call expires 11/20 that was up like 350% but outta day trades. Tempted to just take the gains but also kinda want to hold til next week
Nio green EOD
Yeah right like a month ago
Wait, you guys are fucking girls?
praying rn PRAYING
All tech has been flatter than a white girl the last week. AMD is about to pop too
[deleted]
Inshallah brozer 🙏🏻🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️
I sunk $250 into hearthstone card packs last Q. you might be on to something.
[deleted]
NIOs volume is at 525m. Its avg volume is 133m, the whole market is trading NIO.
If we can’t beat them, can we profit off of them? Buying calls/puts in relation to the news before the majority of the market can react?
Imagine using 40% of your portfolio to average down on 0dte NIO calls and then missing your break even limit sell by 0.02
Agreed, moon mission incoming
My 362 FDs would be very happy. Bought 10 for 12 each
April calls on BABA??
right like wtf. watching this shit live genuinely makes me wonder how much of the market is solely WSB
Get a job
MNGA make Nio great again
15.50 12/4 calls
“priCEd iN”
Ok looking for a quick scalp. Anyone have a play?
[deleted]
Remember,
It’s not retardation until you bleed money on every play you make
Puts on everything
Spy just go to 400 wall street knows Covid is overblown, deaths don’t stop their $$$$, + don gonna concede, announce 100% effective vac ahead of schedule while simultaneously passing pass biggest stimmy of all time. All is well in the world. 

LOL people think this.
Nope, IMAO
you and me both brother
Just bought nio, seems like it's recovering
why? I have calls
👍 good luck ret@rd
Yep
Nope too much FOMO next tsla. This stock is worth it if NKLA is worth 8 Billion without any cars designed or sold, NKLA was worth more than half NIO in July btw!).
[deleted]
Next week...

Remember this post...
ouch
[deleted]
PTON plays?
Citron trying to buy at lower price

+ manipulation for sure
PUMP IT UP
ZM
All they did was say what everyone already knows
this gave me both cancer and aids.
Nope. Fuck Citron. Buy the dip.🚀🚀
no way we let the Chinese get a discount on NIO, $47 EOD and $60 by Monday
Lmao I think Citron short sellers are out.
NIO about to end +5% for the week and bears acting like it crashed to levels it will never recover from
[deleted]
I think I know what’s going on. Investors are excited about MRNA releasing positive vaccine news and are buying up reopening stocks expecting a day like monday this week
smart man. NIO is about to make the next wave of NIKOLA bagholders. hate to see it.
Watch a rally next week cucks
You just bought puts when it dropped 15%? That figures why you’re up only 7%. Sell that shit today or you’ll lose it all come Green Monday
[deleted]
No stop this nonsense. Nio is our ticket to tendie town and no little citron fuckhead 🌈🐻 is going to stop that. Buy that shit ASAP before this next rocket takes off. I’ll miss you at the top. Look what that fuck boy tried to do to Shopify last year? Who’s laughing now? All the bag holders. Stocks only go one way
No matter how bad you feel, just know thst there is probably someone out there who blew their life savings buying NIO at $53 at x4 day trading leverage...
“Uh I mean I’d love to!”
[deleted]
I think I’ll take my chances
3 shares each!
AMD is about to fucking moon 🌙
ZM Calls
New York adding COVID restrictions again, hundreds of thousands of COVID cases per day in the US alone, Trump having mental breakdown, yet SPY up 1.2%
I WANT MY FUCKING TENDIES BACK
Td ameritrade users, has it hold up or becoming more like Robin hood in service?
Yeah... don’t touch Chinese stocks.
NIO PUTS diamond hands rofl?
Shut the heck up
I do unfortunately
🇨🇳coming back for a strong finish
NIO...now back from the dead
lockdowns coming ? i bought fucking calls and i can’t sell
🚀🚀🚀
If you think Culp cares about long-term gains you're being ridiculous.

His compensation package is nearly all stock milestones in the short term.
i know nio sees my calls baby please say summ
So who bought the top today?
You see a picture of a SOLO ride? Look it up and then tell us to buy that dog shit
Bullish
Could’ve made 2k on puts that I sold for $12 this AM.
Here’s a free play for u guys to offset nio lose. Tesla March 19, 600,590 call debit spread. 900%return. Can’t go tits up
Take your Apple dividend you received today and buy a Wendy’s 4 for 4 and a handy
Let's go Nio. We tasted the bottom but now its back to the top. I'll never give up on you no matter what those Fuckers at Citron say about you. you're #1 in my book.
Mine are for 2022 so I’ll hang on, but I went from up about 30% to down now 25% so quickly for a leap.

Theta plays against it have made it slightly less bad, when it was kangarooing a couple weeks back selling the green days and closing the red days was free money
What are the plays before close? Go on.
NIO $60 by EOD
Brazil competes with America for $$$. When the dollar gets stronger Brazil gets weaker, and Brazil gets stronger when the dollar gets weaker.  You have to think about inflation, exchange rates(yuan->Brazil currency~>yuan~>dollar). Everyone is selling their goods to China so the yuan exchange rates are what it will depend on.
lol justin thomas just told SVP "i love you" live on air
In it, but it trades very odd some days. Random 5% green then random 5% red. Movement makes no sense. Should be over $30 by now but it’s stalled out in the high 20s
Rug pull down to $30 bro bro. Don't.
how much you put down lol?
Puts on citron for manipulation
[deleted]
Long vol next week fo sho
Anyone think this action/rotation is the big boys positioning for vaccine pump over weekend? Can’t understand why airlines & Dow is outperforming this much otherwise
NIO bulls this is your chance to cut your losses. Take it from a GNUS veteran, this always ends one way
Yes, certain brokerages allow that option.
it's funny cuz they both were and are. Fundamentals don't really matter anymore though, particularly in a market dominated by millions of autists like us.
yeah but it has a basement
Also Goldman Sachs is sketchy like them.
Usually am out of the position within 5 mins
KCAC starting to moon, hop on. Peak late next week or first thing in the week after.
I'm a noob so take from this what you will, but something is going to happen.
So strange. Put the price at $2.55 and it executed at $2.39. 

https://imgur.com/a/PAy9c78
🥭s gonna hype so hard today by announcing how he single handedly cured covid and should be given 2nd term for that. Also how the election results are fake, all the results are fake and medias been unfair about his covid response blah blah. You heard it here first.
tsla cures ...what really? fcked up moon
[deleted]
[deleted]
Jack Ma has been arrested?  Any autist read that anywhere?
Diversify... 50% NIO 50% FSR. Can’t go tits up.
At least normal trading will be closed by then
Please make it stop 💀
diamond hands
You doing it wrong son. Take half leave half. Play with house money.
Suck a dick
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327344195401637889?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327344195401637889?s=20)

> 'Pittsburgh Public Schools To Return To Fully Remote Learning Amid COVID-19 Pandemic' -CBS
Could certainly bounce. I think it’ll fall further though before earnings.
Just got them
The this from a former pharmacist. Your thesis is absolutely wrong, but TFFP is a solid company. You can buy it but don't buy it because you think Pfizer is gonna use them for their vaccine.
How normal people know it's Christmas: sees Christmas trees outside

How WSB knows it's Christmas: wtf December options are a month away??
Because your wife is a bicycle
Do a straddle. It should swing big one way or the other. 

Which way? No one really knows.
Notice I didn’t say “retarded gamblers”
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
NIO is gonna end green wrf
He has covid.
JETS $18p 1/15

All-in.
NIO
Monday*
Nio pump and dump. No wonder the Chinese are winning
PFE?
Citron loaded up on puts lol
MJ etf, it will be at 25 in 6 months
Leaps
Oooof, sorry to hear it.
Thx brother
Both plus AZN
Hell no
Citron doesn't want me to make money I guess.
From the previews I thought that movie was going to be way more funny then the suck fest it turned out to be.
Down 60% today because of NIO guess I’m bag holding cause there’s not much to lose anymore lol
Thoughts on NLS??
Because it really is overvalued as fuck being a former pennystock gone wild.
remember the OG Tesla $420 calls
That was nice of you.
Suck a dick
I think tesla has the us market really. I know were just chasing $$$ here and don't have to believe the fundamentals
370 end of month
Powsour hour
Scared money doesn’t make money.
Guys...what's the play before bell?

I need you guys to focus and reply...no go
Does anyone even have AAPL anymore.
Whats your positions?
This is the thing . Is nio hyped af ? Yes! But you look at it from this perspective, China is backing them , the rush for electric cars is similar like the rush for internet companies in the 90s, however were a couple years away from the pop. Imo. Untill it comes time that people actually start buying electric and we can compare sales it comes down to hype. I’d be surprised if nio is successful but right now that’ll make you some money.

It’s also comparable to the weed rush last year but those companies had legal headaches which stunted everything.
“Serious investors” lol imagine that
Dude NIO ran up based off Morgan Stanley 40 price target they changed to 45/46. I would sell. It probably has a price floor around 41. Any lower people buy.
better see some gain porn or ban
Nio to hit 46 by eod
You only get the tendies if you didn’t buy the top like an idiot
[deleted]
godspeed and godbless
RIP Citron "Research"
TSLA is free money at this point
I have made a good chunk of money mixing between cash and risk on the last 8 weeks, but damn the market is definitely going to have a day where the huge covid spikes, spook it
We taking off bois
If Donnie answers questions it’s gonna drill
Take profits
Many people asked that back when it was 28$ so....
Do the rapid antigen tests yield false positives? And at what rates? If it's 50% then they are useless.
vix has awoken
[deleted]
Yes... catching a falling knife. Ride the $FSR wave.
i’m gay for selling
95% of this subreddit summarized in one thought
SPCE so bullish. When flight goes off it’s going to moon
I have calls doing well, but scared of the weekend.
face ripping rally into close to squeeze the shorts.
I hear Andrew Left from Citron likes watching his wife get fucked by Chinese guys
lockdown lite (TM)
Fuck you Citron. I hope your bitch ass gets investigated for market manipulation/insider trading
Going to start taking addy in the morning. Gotta be quicker, those NIO 0DTE puts if bought at 9:38 would have been a 1,500% gain hnggg
The entirety of NIO gang disappearing this weekend to go fishing bc they “need time off”
> I got guns in my head and they won't go

Spirits in my head and they won't go
Teach me your ways
Anyone who didn't sell this morning at 100+% profit is an imbecile. Me included. 

But it's not gonna *stay* at $43 right? Hold thru Monday.
No snark, that's just straight good dude 👏🍻
Please NIO. Hit 45
Did you sell...? Its just a number until you do
Pumpers pump
What the fuck is nio and why will no one on this sub stfu about it
Bought puts this week and got wrecked sooo... who fucking knows
NIO floor is 40. Buy now or FOMO.
Why is this shit pumping when I bought puts reeeeeeee
dont do it, this thing looks pinned at $15.50, the MMs want the $16 calls to be worthless. mooning next week though, position for that
as well as IVR (a lot o free money in max a year), investing in the spac called pcpl is truly free money... u can buy at 10 and some change, and cuz its a spac, it will not go below 10 bucks for u, as long as u bought the spac and not the stonk, like nikola
No.

&#x200B;

Bro the CEO of Pfizer legit sold a big chunk of stock right after announcing the efficacy of the vaccine, no one gives a shit about market manipulation anymore, which sucks but it is what it is. In a way, all of these "analysts" and "research firms" are already market manipulation, because when such and such fuckface analyst or such and such firm announce they've issued a price target that's inherently influencing a huge number of people one way or another. I mean yeah they have to disclose their positions if they have them but still. It's amazing to me that people are actually out there believing in the legitimacy of market research coming from a place where it'll legit say "short seller" in the title.

They're doing this right before earnings which are expected to be really impressive (relative) and realistically they're probably gonna profit off the short and then hop back in and ride the earnings wave.
[deleted]
I think he had some serious weight fluctuation issues
I am just holding shares
RemindMe! 5 Days
I love this market. Totally normal for a stock to just move 6% in a matter of 20 mins on the regular.
ask him
Go back to drilling BYND ffs
[deleted]
I think I'm gonna hold DKNG thru the weekend, with the hope that if bounces up a little more based off all the recent news. It's a very frustrating stock to swing trade.
Everything you said is spot on. It's always the poor kids from my neighborhood that has to do the fighting. Bring back the draft and see how  these cocksuckers in Washington decide when to go to war. It'll be different if they had to show up at the country club and explain to Buff how they just voted to send his kid to war. Thank you for your service and I wish you well. Stay safe and healthy. There is a lot of good life ahead for you.
Doubled down on DKNG 12/18/20 $45c 🤡
Username checks out.
Damn ZM ya killin me man
HERE WE GO LET'S GO NIO!!!
I think hogs get slaughtered.
[deleted]
ARI, ACRE, EPR, and MFA

Personally heavy long ARI and EPR with un poco MFA
NIO about to say that its built different.
#stricter guidance in MD effective Sunday
Still up for the month but it hurts. Got greedy otherwise I would have made at least 2x as much.
Raise your limit order to the ask price. You will pay a few bucks extra but it will fill
Cant even do that right? What an autist
UVXY OTM. $20C-11/20. Maybe $30C-11/20 if you’re feeling bold.
Bought $41p 11/20 this morning and held on for dear life

Sold just a bit ago

#LOCK IT IN
Regular people can also buy stocks AH....
How long were you bag holding?
bought some tsla 600c 3 19
👨‍🍳🤞
this sub is too bearish, remember to get SPY calls as always bois
Wdym...all evs are red today
lol
Why does everyone sell NIO just because some idiot said its over valued? We could have been at 60 today!
They are the Canadian companies! How's trulieve, Green thumb, curaleaf, Cresco, harvest revenue looks like. Your lookin at Canadian companies, and sayin the American ones can't make it work. These stocks have been climbing without you, and most have price targets double, triple what they are now. 

Im not arguing with you, im tryin to let you know. The Canadians are unprofitable, yes. The MSO's are, you can be bearish on it, but I'll have to disagree.
He probably deleted all his shit posts that didn’t pan out if I had to guess
How have you kept your $20k when one little tweet can sink you?
No one is selling because its about to rip.  Bid higher.
what in the fuck
Citron is notorious for shorting stocks and releasing bad press, the profiting off of it. Left was banned for 5 years from trading in China because of his market manipulation. 

What he is doing is illegal, and I'm surprised he can still keep doing it.

Especially since the stock dropped after a baseless claim that was only a paragraph long.
That screenshot says he's lost 1.8M. This is less a matter of debate and opinion and more just the picture.
$54
Imagine buying NIO at $8 a contract for the 50 strike expiring next week, OOF
hold these itm NIO puts?
What does this even mean? Any other stock or DKNG?
Just fucking dump SPY. You know you want to before this shit show of a weekend.
[deleted]
Wait until they have to come clean for cooking the books. Calling BS on their margins.
Thanks guys. Goin with grindr
Apparently I couldn’t buy or sell at all for like three minutes. Then my exit trade finally executed, a couple thousand lower than I was hoping for.
Guess we all buying back into nio since it skyrockets every pre market Monday
I’m trying to buy. :(
With all these accusations of assumptions and avoiding the question I think you're confusing me with the other guy you're talking to. I just asked what makes you think that it's not connected to the military. I think the part I wasn't clear on is that I think it's a moot point either way because it has more to do with politics than actually being connected to the military. Companies will be blocked for political reasons.
Who swims with pants on?
Freshman? How about vocational school dropout
youre gonna miss that 153 bucks aren't you
KR strangle 11/20 33.5c 31p
I'd hold you got plenty of time
I’m thinking the same but you could also think of things are about to be locked down things are being shorted. But then why would stay at home fall? Maybe because it’s giving the perception of vaccine news.
I’m not ready to get burnt again
I used to research, chart, and spend like 3 hours a day on this shit.  Took my account $600 - > $17k -> $20.  Gave up.

Come back YOLO the last $20 and make 2k spending 5 minutes a day just inversing WSB memes.
Rocket isn’t allowed to be over 22 this week
Lol your 200k is probably 500k right now 😏
Sometimes the craziest person with the craziest decision makes the most money 🙇🏽‍♂️
congrats! how much did you put in?
I hope you are right
the entire mainland china be daytrading the shit out of it
If you don’t cash out today you’ll lose it all Monday
I’m seeing..it’s a bit hazy, hold on.

Ok, yes I think I can see it now. Your future path is clear.

It says “OTM HTZ calls”, does that mean anything to you?
Sold 5 contracts of NIO 47P for 19c premium each today morning at breakeven when NIO started mooning. I need time off after this. They were 30 bagger some point today. Fuck
LOW EUPHORIA.  SAD!
Ok I'm in
This is my hope.
You're still listening to Donnie? Dude's done.
calls on panam
Friend told me Nio beats earning by 450%... it will moon next week. Lets go
Pigs get slaughtered
How the guck are we suppose to know
[removed]
Me when it dumped from 125 to 87$ lmao
Any serious investors thinking about putting money into NIO just got scared off by that 12% drop today and is running back to TSLA.
CRSR gonna show out Monday
Shop calls look tempting
I got guns in my head and they won't go
They've already announced fast track status for several companies, but they need to complete observations first.  FDA approval would not be a surprise at all.
Averaged down less than an hour ago and still got fucked lmao
Half a bill wow
SBE when it merges with ChargePoint.
[deleted]
Better by CRSR now. Monday is going to be green as fuck!
ZM battle for 400
Man.....if it wasn't Friday I'd be *loading up* on SPY puts

Guess I'll wait for Monday open and hope futures aren't blood red
When the money printers are printing don't ask why, just grab it while you can!!!
For VIX 22 is a massive lava. Since April, every time it dropped to 22, it jumped right back up.
If you guys are looking for another EV company, SOLO actuslly held up really well with the sell-off today, still up over 20%. Disclaimer that I own <100 shares.
Exactly. Today was a great day to go shopping; everything I wanted was on sale.
I’ve been in and out about 6 times today. Currently up about 1k sitting on 30 11/20 46/48p credit spreads

Thinking that’s a solid play at some point next week. Just gonna set a sell and (try to) not look
Wow, the $22 sell wall for SPCE is insane. This things gonna rip next week after this contract expires and they let the price go back up
I trade $20K at a time just to make ~$20-50. AMA
Doubled down when it started rebounding. My original cost basis is like 16 so fuck it. I cashed out of 1/15 40C this morning near the top, now I'm in for 50C march and also sold a 35$ put. Let's hope this is the bottom....
I bet they sold then shorted then got fucked. So they needed to drop price to cut smaller losses.
[deleted]
Pinning ZM to 400. Nice job mm
Same research firm that called the Valeant short. I’d say there’s major credibility here
Just the usual trading strategy then?
does elon have covid, or is he trying to show his strength for surviving covid
sir, this is an calculated risk. \[earnings play\]™ compounded by \[possible covid vaccine\]® with possible \[good news\]© actualized by \[volatile market\]§ with variable \[president upset leaving whitehouse accidently says the results of the 2022 world series\]◄.

lowest it could go is 13
NIO probably selling off EOD tbh. Shitron ruined this stock with a 5 page pdf that looks like it was written by a freshman business major
This is the way
Negative gross margins. Lol
Yall remember SPEC? good times.
GM with the Chevy volt recall
China probably ordering NIO to cook the books right now for ER.... will moon guys don’t worry
[deleted]
1st part no 2nd part yes
Anyone playing NVDA for earnings?  Looks like its primed for a run up next week
You might as well buy 15 uvxy stock for the same price you bought a weekly option. Spy call? I buy it, but will sell as soon as it turns into a +100% profit/Monday. I do like the play overall if you went uvxy stock and spy calls because it would be a reverse inverse leverage(double negative). Just stupid enough where it might work and you can time the markets right.
Feels fucking good to lose?
How tho everything seems so bullish
"investing"
I’m sorry :(
They are not filling? If you are selling your calls, lower your price to the bid price. You will lose a few bucks but it will fill
Buy NIO dip? 🤡
I only like to ask when it's a Friday and i've got some left over cash in the account and I just want something really fucking stupid to gamble on for the weekend but am too lazy to think abou tit.
Only 55???? I was hoping for 60
thank you for your donation
yeah gonna need a sauce on that bby
Anybody else having trouble purchasing CRSR?
DIA calls for vaccine pump free money
If nobody pays attention to him maybe he'll just go away
Oh yeah that's what I have
The only thing you’ve posted in the last 6 months is about Nio this past week you clown. Stfu

Edit: unless you wanna count your AMD post which you were wrong about
XPEV
check your emotions, regroup, get back in their.
They sell based off stupid rumor to buy back. It ran up based on Morgan Stanley 40 to revised 46 price target. 40 is the floor. Many sold probably to buy back cheaper but FOMO if it hit near 40.
Very fucking interesting.    
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/12/goldman-sachs-and-morgan-stanley-downgrade-tesla.html
NIO since you atleast have earnings to bet on 🤷‍♂️
whats ur position? y do u want to exit, this shit is gonna moon within the next yr... i have a lot of 2022 and 23 calls
Nio. 

He will fight robots from the future while protecting humanity’s last stronghold Zeon
Edited
[deleted]
That’s what I’m thinking. NY is closing a lot of businesses today and the mayor of NYC already told parents to prep for school closures starting Monday. At some point, other major cities might follow suit.
I had NIO 47p expiring today, and sold at 45. Biiiiig regrets.
Bought 380 shares for $14.44, bought more yesterday at $44 and more today on this dip. I said it would go above $45 and now I say it will go to $1000 a share otherwise my wife's boyfriend hits me with the hose and makes me sleep outside
50 mins left, not even Nio can pull that
Tickers?
??
Yeah I had $7 calls expiring 12/15 I sold last month the second I broke a profit again. About to delete it off my watchlist so I dont have to see it keep going up
chinese EV trade is done
This is absolutely extraordinary
Nevertheless bought spy puts
The original title?
We buying those MRNA calls or what
How do I invest in FarmersOnly.com? This election coverage made me realize how many toothless hillbilly’s there are in this country
[deleted]
Well NIO earnings are monday. Not sure on AM or PM tho.
Delisting
Does it though?
Next week PTON  130 ZM 480 get in now
Source?
NIO got you down?   Well come on over the FISKER tendie town!!!
No we didn’t, it’s more of a suggestion
Oh?
Ya we saw it
Guess who has forced diamond hands by the government 🤩🤩🤩
Not selling nio or solo 🙏
I mean are they wrong for being seriously
I’m in on U long term. Call prices are ridiculous
They had great earnings, and EV hype of course. Huge sell off from China EVs today. Plus they’re already an established company. They seem to be an obvious top 3 producer of EVs in America for the next decade.
Do you use a particular software/graph/equation?
Same here 🤞
Naw we’ll be just fine.
I feel like we are
Jokes on them , mum should’ve swallowed me .
What’s the deal with PSTH? Seen a couple people talking about it, haven’t researched it
That's genius. They should partner with spce for moon cruises.
NIO is fine. The people at Citron are fucking retards. Market manipulation at its finest. Buy the dip brother
hey its not a shit stock im up 200% on LEAPs i bought on 10/16
[deleted]
looks like bubble
Mods
Wow how progressive of them to be using HTML5
MANGO ANNOUNCING VACCINE APPROVED BY FDA AT 4PM TODAY
i thought day trading rules stilll let you close positions?
50 minutes
That's what I thought when I bought calls :(
Guys remember, if too many ppl buy puts market will go up
Won’t know until after earnings.
I’m kidding dude. Hang around and have some fun
Gonna gap up. He's safe
I heard elmers glue taste good
boys, IVR is the recovery wave... if you dont have a massive amount of cheap calls, how will you ever be like that gme guy
What? Energy sector up, health sector up, consumer staple up, consumer disc up, industrial sector up. How would spx not go up?
I had to get out of NIO. Bought shares Wednesday so managed to come out even. Kinda sucks I didnt sell earlier today but this stock isn't worth it anymore. Ill buy back in for the next meme stock when it comes around.
Could go up, could go down. Anyone who tells you it’s not gambling is lying
I have kcac (shares) should I hold long term? Have about 14 average price
you know you could sell the nearest strike call with the same expiration to lock in the profits/loss right?
You're no fun.
Biggest dip I’ve seen so far. Definitely a great time to buy. I guarantee you the market will rebound HARD next Monday. Even if it’s like 3%, that’s a gain nonetheless. I just bought 20 more shares.
Anyone long on GME?
Or the big guys can buy in the after hours and us peons have to wait until Monday’s opening...
I sold my spy calls for .17 cents today.. they're worth 1.70 now.   
:(
You're returns won't be great but you'll be around forever I guess. I'd look for better margins on a collapse like that though
u timed the top, and I timed the bottom... we going to be flat rofl
Jerome powell will gladly take it off your hands. I heard he might be out of tools.
Make a separate post for loss porn, you'll double your internet points, but at the cost of your portfolio, retard.
How is your pp (and account) so tiny
Load up on puts. Got it
Thats sus your broker doesn't ant yoy being rich
Plug was my robinhood freebie back in Feb.  I took it as a sign and keep throwing money at it.  It's literally free money.
For real. LOL
I hope we're not fucked, man
tape is looking pretty heavy up here on spy
Half the available float, crazy
I had 20x 45p 0dte this morning that I bought for .10 each and I sold them early.  Fuckkkkkkk.  Would have been $200 to 13k
Yeah true, I don’t belong here
China was just giving people discounted calls. TO THE MOON WE GO!
You children need to quit buying options and buy some commercial reitz before it's too late. That divy and capital appreciation is EZ MONEY
LI went from being up 22% to being down 4% lmfao
#Can't stay flat
Idk if that’s a metaphor but my cock is indeed out
HSBC said the same thing. Fortunately I’m cynical and was sure it would reverse. I was right, although I may have sold out early($18.40-24.40). No regrets because 33% in 2 weeks off of stocks is not a bad turn around at all. Original plan was to hold until brexit but I liked the 1 day 10% pop.
People asking others to make their gambling choices are annoying. We’re not telling you if the dice are going to land on snake eyes or a hard 8. 

If you don’t sell yourself on your own investing idea, you have TP hands when it comes to payday.
buy yourself something nice tbh
RIP. Sorry bro.
Should I buy nio or xpev on the dip now or don't touch at all until next week? Looking for good honest  advice
they just realllly want this shit stock to pump
In for the long ride baby 💰🎉
41C
So is NIO just in correction mode or is this a bubble bursting event for the Chinese EV sector?
do I diamond hand my puts rofl
Yeah, they both involve a butt, so they're hard to distinguish between.
Neither?
Thank you.. but they will not stop print in the future.. so this can go on for years.. but a crash may occur.. the stock market can stay flat.. with new lockdown coming and no stimulus it think it will a least correct
Lol covid coming back strong doesn't matter, what matters is how the stupid airlines behave related to it.

i've been traveling the whole time during covid, been on over a dozen flights since it began, and the only issue for airlines right now is them being fucked cowards and trying to pander to the media and government. The airlines that don't give a fuck are packed to the brim and nobody gives a fuck. I don't give a fuck either, and I've had covid as has most people who are still traveling around.

The US could go full boot-stamp society and airlines boom if they don't shut down flights or enforce distancing rules on them. The worst it is domestically the more people will be willing to pay for a ticket out, so really this should be prime-time for them.
Running a little hot right now, but as we have seen with the other EV stocks this year, that may not matter one bit. Really like what I’m seeing in my research with fisker and their designs are incredible. Already taking preorders from the sounds of it and Rumors of an announcement from company this weekend. I took a flyer on it today with a few grand into May 2021 20c. It Could be a great runner going forward. Cramer routinely pumps this one over NIO as well (for whatever that is worth). I could totally see all the NIO fanboys moving here in the next few weeks. American company so you know Biden is gonna support them with the clean energy agenda.
Tell you what. A ton of you motherfuckers are swimming with no pants on. Gonna get ugly next couple months.
God damn, why can’t my CRSR calls execute? Can somebody please respond
GE
[deleted]
COVID cases out of control, Chicago talking about lockdowns, NYC planning to go back to fully distanced learning by Monday, Midwest hospitals at capacity and no slowdown in new cases. So, calls
SBE before it merges with ChargePoint or KCAC before it merges with QuantumScape. Both easy money
That volume on NIO is insane
Large amounts of put being bought by hedges. So Calls.
FSLY is fsly making me poor
Nio
jeez mayne, y not take loss, exit and buy dip on monday in an actual company, with leaps? when qqq recovers, ur new position should grow way more...and yes im from the future and q's will dump on monday and maybe tuesday...we will hear from moderna and theyve got some stupid news, gonna rock the market
Anybody launching vix calls?
U can selling ass behind Wendy. Free tax
Just make sure and take profits before they become losses ;)
Would y’all hold kcac long term if I got shares, or is this ev stuff all hype and just take profits and run
Puts. We’ve been in a trading range since beginning of September, currently near the top. With COVID spiking exponentially and no apparent positive catalyst, think we pull back over the next couple weeks to the mid to lower end of the trading range. Low end around 325. Bounce if we get there.
fuck citron, all my homies hate citron.
Anyone else have a tangled web of rkt spreads?
all of that NIO money flooded into SPY every fucking dip being bought
lmaooo this sub
Hopefully he’ll resurface soon.
Facts lmfao
Anyone holding NLS calls?
EGAN is at a discount...
could be bad moderna news
[deleted]
I think the ticker is: JPOW
My guess is SPY keeps on pumping to 365 open at Monday. SPY red open is like 1 in 10. Also SPY Monday red is rarer than that.
I know these kids are idiots. And there is still time for a pre-earnings rally again
Boeing

Brk.b 

Other boomer shit
Send it to me plz
Xpeng literally went from +30% to -10%. Chinese scammer
11/20
CNBC is so bearish it’s wild
Puts?
Wrong way AMD....
[deleted]
All indices green.  Everything I own red. 🤔
Let me guess, still early in the relationship?
Stop now before you hurt yourself.
I was a financial analyst. Worked in a Financial Planning & Analysis Department (FP&A). Better job title would be "Excel Monkey".
I'll lick your sister's taint if NIO closes green.
Fuck I think it's gonna be more then that forsure when COVID grabs us and Biden locks us down which his advisors seem to favour. SPY 280-300 maybe. JPOW will print but it'll dip too hard to catch for a bit.
Happy cake day baby boy. Wouldn't be the first time eh? haha
My NIO $50C were worth $440 this morning. I forgot to set my alarm last night 🤡
Moderna or pfizer gang?
Not a bad idea.
GME gang what color helmet should I get
sir, it laid its last egg
Get your SPY puts in now, we going into lockdown by Monday
This is a quality shitpost.
whether he pumps or dumps idgas just as long as its a big one either way.
Atleast Unity is 12% up 🤗
lol at 358 this will be an ATH close

still see the market liquidating profits at 3:50
[deleted]
$5k.  Where to dump it?  Just set it on fire maybe? Probably
Good shit and even better you cashed out.  Still mad I didn’t cash when I was could of locked 20k extra
Alright NIO. Go back to $40 so we all win
Asking for a 20% increase in 2 weeks? Sounds kinda outlandish for TSLA
[deleted]
F
Last chance to get out of NIO
these are the days we would have needed u/analfarmer2
BigLY red. 3 days for possible  vaccine news
EXPE JAN put lottos

ZM calls

SPY puts the afternoon of the 17th

Free tendies
4 BABA $300 9/17/2021 for $24.80
[deleted]
Production is too far away. OG automakers will have EVs out before Fisker aka barely any market share left.  They drop ship EVs and the CEO keeps talking about sustainability which means the car is made of junk and “emotion” which means the CEO is a weird retard.
Your dad is my wife's boyfriend.
can't wait until SPY is at 320 next week
CCL hit 21 Monday...

Loading calls at 16 here...
Probably about as profitable as TSLA.
Shitron manipulated the market. He should be in jail with Mango.
 *You are the One*, *Neo*
Can we set some ground rules on what classifies as mooning or drilling?
Forget gains buy into NIO to spite citron
I’ve seen enough gain porn on this sub to have fake hope instilled within me
PLTR CALLS EOD
Plot Twist: OP has two phones.
And night
AMD 83c for next week. Wish me luck.
350-355 are all good
Solo
Already saw an article basically saying Citron is welcome to their opinions, but that don't make them right.

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nio-news-why-nio-stock-is-plunging-on-a-big-analyst-call-1029802370
you might want to sell?
Why are you on here... let alone posting
Yes
It dropped because of Cisco's earnings report, not no news lol...
How are you invested in a stock which you don't understand the market it is in.
This is how citron makes their money.
[deleted]
Pretty good today actually. :)
Nio the chosen one
7% gain on the day? nah, not enough lemme gamble on some of this chinese shit - me this morning
Meg "QT" Terrell needs her own hour
Figure, being the key word.
Stop trying to pump these calls. Ignore this guy.
I can't even bring myself to look at my shit cunt lemonade position 💩
Expire date?
[deleted]
When does Citron release its report on the DOW? cause this looks like a pump and dump
Any news on Psth?
What’s happening Monday?
[deleted]
not gonna happen with the fed clearly in control, best case scenario for bears is a 10% drop, the fed intervened at SPY 320 so thats your market floor
> That being said, it's pretty scary that this thing can tank 20% from today's high with one analyst opinion....

Oh yeah, for sure. I'm long NIO (May and further expiry's) and was already sitting on a nice profit and did expect something like this to happen, just not tank 20%. Earnings should definitely be interesting.
The big boys probably, AMZN, AAPL, Etc, basic, but the truth
what the actual fuck is pumping spy? I get Dow being up but SPY? Nothing is moving
Yes!
Ok guys. I bought 1 share of TSLA 😂
fuck it, buying just a lil bit of NIO stock to say fuck you to Left
Looks like a p*nis
I think it's the continuous sell-off the the stay at home as the market rotates.
This thread is like cancer during the day.
This is some quality DD right here. Buying the dip.
$ROPE with a few extra steps
Yeah, been scouting it for a bit. Saw a solid offer on DoC this morning so snagged it up. Hoping to save all these benefits for travel once COVID passes in a year or so.
So NIO opening at $30ish Monday
But, if you knew that it was the top today, then you can see the future, meaning you must know what to tell me
[deleted]
no it really isnt lol
Doubled my position at 50

Kill me
I have wed deep itm
This morning lmao
I would guess it’s just rotation back after a couple of days of reversal. From what I have read, Moderna’s interim results are still a couple weeks away.
Oh shit chicago locked down let's sell some stocks.
I bought a few for Dec
Was originally planning on a long term play with this. Pulled some profits off at 50 and just bought in at same amount. 

Days like today are what you make of them.
[deleted]
Well I am
Fuck man.

I was buying NIO @ $2 I didn't keep trading because I had zero tendie money.

Feels bad man.
Quantitative easing dumped a lot of money onto the market, interest rates killed bonds, and investors are generally being very forgiving for businesses that will likely make it through all of it (case in point, Disney)
IWM calls
And how the fuck are you supposed to know if you need one from a rapid test if the rapid test failed 50% of the time? I NEVER said any of the shit you just accused me of. Nice attempt of a character attack. It’s getting a bit old though, don’t you think?
Yoloed $2,000 on $NIO calls
NIO ending at $44, 42c is .50 each
Rip pton lol
KCAC went parabolic today.
Lmao @ you NIO 🤡s talmbout the dip when all other dildos are massively green. feelsgoodman.jpg
Puts because I'm not retarded :)
Historically most stock have gone to the moon since 1920 charts
[deleted]
52, 42, close enough.
Selling NIO puts EOD
Don't buy weeklies unless you want to get IV crushed. January or later calls should be fine.
I’m new myself but no, I don’t think it’s dead. There was definitely a bubble pop but it’s a growing company in a promising market. You shouldn’t have too much to worry about — long term. Personally I’m staying out at least until Tuesday morning though. Then I’ll test the waters and see what sentiment for the earnings call is like.
If NIO ends green, I will name my firstborn child after them.
I’d sell. I’d be bummed if it tanked ER for some reason. But I’m kind of a pussy
SPY calls
yes, and a number 8 please. white rice.
I made 3k this week working and lost 1k on TQQQ calls. I don't know why I bother with options any more I should just buy boomer stocks. Or drugs.
Yes.
makes 0 sense, hopefully it does something next week
dont come here and talk about ur shares u pussio
Calls on SPY and UVXY. Bullish.
Yo bro what happened to my golden goose LI?
Damn, got too greedy on a NIO entry. Was aiming for 40.22 and just missed the bottom :/

In at 42.21 instead.
Because it was up 40% in the last two days, Pretty healthy pull back honestly
The problem with NIO is that Tesla is better.   


However, I agree the stock isn't going to suddenly crash and is likely going to be worth a lot as a second tier Chinese Tesla in the future.
Good work.
cant wait for the EOD pump to 360. Hoping to open Monday at 370 on good Moderna news.
Zm puts
You just posted this. It’s going to fall enough for you to panic sell before it moons in a couple years.
Congrats and fuck you
Mango is literally irrelevant
Y’all buying anything now?
what do you like about GM?   Peloton might have room for a retracement - some of these valuations seem high but as long as rates are zero tech stocks will keep momentum to the upside...until market sentiment completely shifts.  Thanks for the picks.
Had it since last year and have yet to advantage of the travel benefits 🤣
Lol what kinda return is 30$ gonna get you
Cool looks like we're all agreeing on $42 NIO. Let's go home
Ticker?
Geez  days are so boring when all your calls/puts are DOA and your shares are 🐌
I am quite impressed I timed the bottom of Nio perfectly lol
[deleted]
Jesus good work when did you open that?
Congrats and fuck you, don’t forget to save some for the tax man
at least tesla can attempt to trick idiots into thinking they will have autonomous driving vehicles soon. these chinese ev companies are just car manufacturers
Pton trailing stop about to hit. Damnit
Notice how the title's were things like "Cintron Pulls the Plug On NIO" Like if they were a parent company or something. Sneaky fuckers.
one is Canadian and the other 3 are Chinese
I wouldn't do that....
Priced in
Wait for the next one of these: [https://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/monetary20200728a.htm](https://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/monetary20200728a.htm)  I was about to load-up on $73p for March/April when I noticed this somewhere.
Any weekend plays? Desperate for 1k
Thank God for CrSr
10k? Fucking do your own research. I’m not trying to be harsh, but if you don’t sell yourself on your own idea, you’ll sell off too early or hold on because tunnel vision
CRSR $40c for 2/21 not executing at all. Anybody else having troubles?
Hypothetically, we see 50-70% drop on what we saw in Feb/March in the market. Which tickets you going to run after?
Which SPY puts is the play right now?
BABA looks like a major Bull Trap, but fuck me up daddy, I'm buying calls
I'll sell you as many as you want 🙂
Was up almost 30k at open. Then Nio and LI fucked my asshole and now I'm sitting at -9k right now. Applying at nearest taco bell I guess 🤡
Honestly how the fuck does ZM just randomly drop 7% today on no news..
Hope you sold on that major drop I think that’s going to be the max squeeze for the day. I left another 100 percent on the table :(
Just the confirmation I was looking for.
Apologies, let me translate. I was fuk 2day
Spy, dow and russell
Heavy short sellers getting in the mix on the chinese ev’s. Could someone post them a link to the earnings calendar? 😅
Great tip.
yeah sometimes the medication i take can cause my poops to get real t h i c c
He just wanted to get in under 40...even that didn’t happen lol..bounced off 40 like a trampoline
Worth getting back into NIO calls?
I'm gonna go out on a limb, and recommend SPY
lol nope is bullshit, inverse if you want   tendies
wdym
Bro 3 shares....does anyone on this sub even have money?
offf forgot my numb 1 rule, if we dump big during the week, its always green friday :( oopphhh haha
Robinhood make my phone hot
as otm as your eyes can see
Looks good to me
That’s love bro ❤️🙏🏽
Baba
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VXX   19.0|0.75|0.77|0.77|-1.03|74.997%


VXX 19.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6o9uk&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Haha I jinxed it man 😔 it was +12% til that edit lmao
Put up or shut up time for my JD 12/18 85c. Sell or hold?
VXX calls as a hedge to calls on everything else
lol. people have been posting this all week.. how's it working out?
Delete and reinstall the app
[deleted]
What stock are you shorting? I’m gonna buy
sir this is a casino
I just bought 3 11/27 410C, spacex is launching humans tomorrow.  Last time they did Tesla was up bigly the next trading day.
Sold NIO and XPEV shares for $11💪
I took my profits from China EVs earlier today and just went 100% all in PSTH. Let’s get it.
Been holding since IPO wonder if the party is over
VXX 11/20 19c

My entire account is in these since monday, fuck algos, fuck MMs, n guck this market
Balls deep. No point of return.

Ps I'm poor
covid has been priced in since march
Shorted BKNG and EXPE earlier this week, it was free money. Thinking about hoping back in. 

Booking.com is within 5% of its ALL TIME high. That’s right, a travel stock that is within 5% of ATH. Easy short for me.
Fcel for next week?
Holy fucking shit my biggest gain ever was $13k... until today.

NIO $49p 11/13  cashed out just now for $62,000 profit Jesus Christ
Nahhh...you need to look at what is being bought atm.

Ccl is low key up %5 today...

Airlines up...

Tech down...

News coming mark my words...

I would guess it is about Modernas drug...
lol yeah wtf was that all about, has good earnings, stock does nothing
Might sell a put. Give it a little time you’ll be good I think
red when vax comes out, buy that mofo dip when it dips 10% again
This.  Rich people completely unaffected.  Disease is a poor, old, fat people disease.  That’s why Republicans don’t give a shit
At least you didn’t buy 500....
Not too late to get into KCAC before the QuantumScape merger vote
Just gotta keep averaging down on NIO, earnings next week bound to moon right guys??
NVDA for the earnings pump
NIO giving me PRPL vibes ngl
[deleted]
deep OTM calls like 363 or even 365
I’ve thought to myself, multiple times this morning “I finally have to get a job”
I'm only down to 117% return.  Feels bad.
Gimme a $100 play for next week
XPENG ftw, half the market cap or NIO
fuck me over traded today... was up now down rofl... with shitty plays
Definitely pretty fishy to release a report days before earnings that basically just says "nio stock too high imo" based on no news, when we could've had a lot information in a few days.

If you're long NIO though, this should be expected, the run up was no sustainable. Shits still up 100% for the month. FOMOers that are looking for a quick buck carried this up. That being said, it's pretty scary that this thing can tank 20% from today's high with one analyst opinion....
I meant PLTR/BABA calls or shares and GLD puts, sorry
Yea well, got out yesterday so I’m good over here.
10k for leaps please point me in a direction. Also itm or otm
it has the potential to 100x its market cap? i want whatever drugs youre doing
ZM will crush it on Monday. Watch the NE and NE lockdown for sure
You need basic maths skill at Wendy's thou...
Don't worry, that's usually when I buy in too. Goes in your direction for a little and you get excited thinking you caught the bottom/top and then it full reverses!
mango gonna pump till jan
me but i got out yesterday on the high so its gambling with profits from here.
every citron short i've seen usually lasts a few days then the stock reverses.
Nothing tingles my balls more than shorting a stock that goes up and down half a percent every second
I’m not high and can’t figure out if you’re slighting the company and the exploitation of gig workers or you’re happy for the guy that’s exploiting you
The expectation is for Airbnb's traditional ipo to be a mispricing shitshow similar to SNOW. Possibly worse since Airbnb is clouded by virus risk.



Raising privately + direct listing seems like a better play. Could do partial or no lockup. Or direct list and issue a convertible or secondary offering depending where it trades. Traditional ipo seems least appealing.



What do you think is going on with them?
Yes sire, we here in Old Blighty use Monopoly money issued straight from the Monopoly man.
no
N(i)O i havent heard of it before

(*shitty joke)
Nio posts did not age well today. Can’t wait to see some loss porn to calm my revenge trading nerves
SPY 90d looking exactly like 1/2 of a bat. Going up on the 2nd ear right now. Coincidence? I don't think so.
Same question.
[removed]
rip in peace
You're a meme
[deleted]
no one here lemme tell you
what are your plays
Can someone please tell me what that strange L is
Yikes dude this is a fucked investment thesis
Bunch of fugazi
Me. Already done it. Trust me.
Google? Puts on Baidu.
You idiot, this is the perfect opportunity to buy in. It’s going to keep dropping through earnings
Already in..12/31 300c...up 22%
dip today is the last chance, ride this thing like your wifes boyfriends girlfriend to the promise land.
GOING ALL IN
BABA moon mission is rescheduled for next week
BIG TIMMY APPLE WITH THE GREEN DILDOS!!!
I did. It’s only money.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-press-conference-operation-warp-speed-watch-live-stream-today-2020-11-13/

Operation warp speed pumping it uppppp
NIO should be 150...plenty of room to run
Priced in
Damn u must be takin some big poopies dawg
[deleted]
lol I just need it to pump to get out of these calls from before earnings
Buy the NIO dip. Had puts but I think it’s bottomed out.
mango martial law off the table?
NIO gonna end green just to murder the rest of the sub.
Autism speaks
Baba puts? Why?
I'm in 42c yolos
Tell him it’s about to dump for a while so don’t buy yet
What should I buy at close?
[hodling over the weekend](https://i.imgur.com/IkPFEq9.jpg)
he made his play with the high put vol yesterday. its not gonna stop nio for earnings
AmEx Platinum showing up tomorrow, we rich bois now.
Solo is an enclosed ev motorcycle and not a car.
Hope you guys bought the plug dip, will open 26 monday
imagine being this retarded
All time daily records for pandemic cases. The thing I don't get is how Covid has been an overwhelmingly positive thing for the market. I guess that rich people were basically unaffected and so could load up on everything cheaply?
And Buffett (the oracle of omaha) has a larger stake in Apple than any other company. Not sure how big it is but I think it's around $91 billion
PTON at 100 that a buy? Lmao
I just find patterns and then keep doing it over and over until the pattern breaks.
🅾️
Nio TANKED...they only gained 3% this week.
So fucking good now they stopped selling :(
like why should i buy it at 28 when its already run 40% since you bought it? is there a tailwind im not picking up? there earnings werent bad but wasnt stellar, but if theres a reason im missing and its legit, ill dump like 30k in it
Only if you enjoy tendies
Everytime someone bets against me they lose big. Check my posts, i always win.
thanks homie didn't even realize
No, but you should get it.

Your dad is a wise man.
What does this meannn? My spy puts are fuked
Rotation is a head fake, rug pull monday. chicago just locked down
Whats that
Excuse me sir this is a USA
If you look at charts over larger time frames and not just weekly or YTD, NIO's growth charts aren't unreasonable. Probably some algo manipulation and a lot of panic selling/profit taking from all of the hype that's making it so volatile but the volume on NIO is insane and majority of shares are still owned by institutions. It's around +2% for the week now and +226% for 3M isn't out of line with what some other stocks have managed to pull off this year. BTFD
No doubt, no doubt.
The government will let the cook them books
Shut up! 

No...
I did the same yesterday. VIX was jumping and SPY had stupid low volume. Regretted it
I hope that piece of shit Andrew is still holding his puts
Don’t hold over the weekend or you’re gonna be fucked
Solid FCF beat in Q3. Ultimate vaccine rebound and turnaround story.
Try Florida Facebook market place
Please, mods, when you finally decide to crack down on the shitty posts in this sub, please don’t go too far the other direction. I swear this sub is a ridiculous pendulum swing between over-blocking and letting in the 10 year-olds to create 50 spongebob memes a day
Fr?
What is that, monopoly money?
Ur right let's buy some nio
And they spend millions on lawyers that can cover their tracks
lmao, luckin coffee
ZM green or red Monday
Delta is the strongest
I’m so glad someone else has seen that movie
[deleted]
If you’re willing to leave your money in it awhile hell ya.  If you’re looking for a short term play maybe not.
DAL
Had them here in Germany, 9/10 spicy nuggies calls on McDonald’s
Who got the balls to get back into nio?
Hold NIO forever
Drilling to the center of the Earth after earnings
[deleted]
I bought $45 0DTE yolos. Pray for me
Lol NIO calls made me homeless for a bit. Not kidding. I can't remember the exact contact, but it was sitting around $10 and it was earnings.
I'm bag holding 10k in 295 shares
Why
I believe it was stated by the CEO on twitter. Check Stocktwits, guys are going nuts about it today. I agree Sunday seems to be an odd time. Monday premarket would be better.
[deleted]
While others are posting 10 baggers and shit on both NIO calls and puts, I sold my NIO positions for $4 gain 🤩 beat that
But seriously though, fuck them. What's the point of short companies like Citron? What do they *actually* contribute to the market as a whole. They can take my gay ass dick and choke on it the motherfuckers.
Are we gonna have a problem here? Haha
Robinhood is currently beta testing options 2.0, apparently some traders have the original version replaced. Check your email to see if you’ve made the beta list you lucky bastard
Bought NIO and XPENG near top early morning. Sold near bottom today. Just head to grieve. Only had 3 shares of each, so could have been waaaay worse
you bitch I got all happyand its up only 1% go fuk urself, 1% isnt MO0O0O0O0O0ONING
Lmao
Same question
Can NIO's earnings really be that good? They don't have as many sales/vehicle deliveries as I would have thought. Sell the news?
4House
I bought today knowing nothing about the stock just because there was a spicy meme I liked about it on here earlier.
Chinese Government will buy this dip AH/monday on NIO.

70 Eow Next week
Nah they will drop and everything else will moon
I cashed out at $5000. Not bad for today.
There is already the precurser with the Taiwan tensions. China will lean on Biden, because he's a weak bitch . War within the next 4 years
High time for apple-san
[deleted]
Haha 😂
UVXY is looking real juicy
[deleted]
I just like your DD and wanted to be able to follow all your posts if you were on there.
So many downvotes.  So many snowflakes in this subreddit.
I gained £100 and lost £200 in one day on my shares. Mental day. Not even playing options
Yes please
Perhaps.. or maybe they gonna short too.. who knowns
I hope it does too. I'm holding 1000 shares at $13.66 cost basis and I want a massive sell-off to fuck with the people betting on it. This stock will hit and remain above $50 within the next few months, but I want people to get fucked before it happens.
[deleted]
its only at 28 tho
Love that ducking movie
covid calls printing
[deleted]
Earnings
Citron was 100% short on NIO at 30 bucks but saw earnings coming
[deleted]
CRSR IS PUMPING
Please so I can finally exit that position lol
Karma will come back to get you 😜
COVID time : you need some laugh ... go to Wallstreetbets!
Minor pullback on NIO today due to algos overreacting to a useless Citron piece....gonna hit the stratosphere next week after earnings
If you think about it, our stock market can’t crash it’s the only thing to show the world for. We’re now #1 globally in corona cases, still massive unemployment, and a contested presidential election. The market is our only savior folks
Clitron can't stop us
Baba calls?
i feel nauseous
Felt like a genius at 11, now trying to figure out how to get a job at Wendy's...
Is it?
oh boy we’re in this together now
Want some real DD on solo?

Solo Cups are Red, it'll be red eventually.
[deleted]
Earnings
You sound like a 355P
Hold NIO over eternity
this has epic red candle at 3.50 written all over it

&#x200B;

profit taking
Yolo? Covid is coming back strong right now. I know a vaccine is coming. But you better go looonnggg on any travel. It will go up!! But who knows when.
q's literally cant break 291 and its sad
So TSLA 500 EOM?
I guess the rotation into Zoom starts Monday?
CRSR 🚀
praying bruh
I mean I’m just going off of the chart, looks like it’s going up. It’s not exactly a sure thing lol.
Pretty likely to gap up. But no guarantees, entirely depends on sentiment.
I’ve never traded Nio but seen here just go up and up until this pullback. Jump in or na?
[removed]
I sold right before the dip, something told me this shit was gonna crash
Nobody listening anymore
I've officially renamed Nio the peanut butter falcon. The big goofy headed fuck Andrew Left may have the power to knock it down but Nio has the retard strength to push through and yeet his dumbass from the ring
I'm watching it drop wishing I had more free money to buy more shares 😫
Puts on my memefolio -80% NIO bought this morning 🤡
What position do bears like getting stuck in the best? I just want to make this last power hour pleasing for everyone
Fuck your Bull intimidation tactics!
$5k ON RED, SPIN THE WHEEL PLZ
NIO $46 EOD
CRSR better get in now
i've pooped so hard i've split my butthole a few times. it's called an anal fissure which i find to be a funny name. can be painful/irritating tho
Citron was just having fun with a little insider trading. I hope they get investigated
More like NIO call holders getting bukkake by theta gang.
maaaaaan fuck RH, I’m locked in for my puts and calls
Fuck Clitron. Don't listen to that BS DD. NIO has the power of china, GOING ALL IN BOYS!
Me since I’m down 30% already
For real. There are some seriously FB-for- teenagers level shit here
You got me
Yes
Wow. I’ll give it to you, you actually got me to read this whole thing. Fuck you.
I’ll be praying for lockdowns or something
there is always something worth living for
Made me light way too hard
RIOT and MARA about to MOON..get on it now
Honestly wouldn't shock me if it goes crazy next week
Going to buy some at 3:50
Yeah Nio let’s go back up bby
This guy is serious, you better listen to him.
Im playing Wday and low. Catching on this rip.
Your good
Had the same thought
Did NIO earnings leak?  Bring me that fucking horizon!
More like there is nowhere else to put money.
cause it has a market cap of 500m, not some utopian 80B. Also it hasnt gone 2500% in a year. Do you people actually look at tickers before asking shit?
Are ya winning boys?
I don't know about *last* chance
60 by 11/20
sounds like some memes and dreams
[deleted]
Anyone tried Spicy McNuggets at McDs? They are sold out everywhere
hold nio over the weekend?
🤫🤫 keep it low keep it low
Shh! Don’t spoil my weekend now
Okay let's recap

~~Chinese Starbucks~~

~~Chinese Amazon~~

~~Chinese Tesla~~

Chinese ?
What’s tues?
Eat my ass
I’m calling Trumps Operation Warp speed plan includes a tactical nuke to once and for all kill the GinaVirus!!!!!!
Bears hold tight, next week we eatin
Pton puts free money
I fucking hope so I’ve been in school watching it go down the whole day losing tendies :(
Chinese government daddy has infinitely deep pockets to pump money into green technologies...
60 ATH and 55 as consolidation if the mainstream market articles cover it correctly.
Yeah i guess. Earnings will clutch. I might sell a kidney to boost buying power before
Maybe after it pumps to 60 for earnings
LOL literally half of the float of in trading volume for NIO. Way over sold. Citron probably needed it to dump to exit a short position cheaper before run up after earnings.
When expire?
Ahhh that makes sense thanks
why is PTON drilling today?
I'm a NIO bull but once you get to OP's delusional state of posting about his 'insider info' about them crushing ER is a huge red flag. 

&#x200B;

Puts it is.
What's going on? These $SPY pumps are insane. Controlled buying putting in new floors
🤡
I bought SPY poots bcoz low volume now I regret it. This is like the 10th time SPY is ruining my weekends.
Mango man speaks this afternoon, which  vaccine manufacturers are going to be pumped?
Says I need shares
Lol look at that spike at start of week
SE will be a meme here the second it reaches 250. Until then, it’s all ours
Who is holding spy 11/16 puts over weekend 🙉
The death of nio was greatly overestimated
SPY is so fucking suspect right now

[https://thenope.info/](https://thenope.info/)

\^ if you know you know
Yeah so you could just see all the NIO posts
you better be right i want my tendies back
This is me 😂😂😭😂😂
I saw it up 8% and I was thinking of buying a $200 YOLO put expiring today. I checked an hour later and it was down 8% I couldn’t believe it lol. Can’t be mad though there was probably 80% chance my yolo would have expired worthless.
citron cashed out, back up we go boys
Something is up. New covid highs daily...more lockdowns annouced today...and yet the market is powering up. All except covid stocks that is. Most of the stay at home stocks are down while the open the economy stocks are up.

This makes no sense...

Unless...

Some pretty big news is coming next week. Has to be on a vaccine. Possibly more on Pfe and Mrna...
Peloton has been beat down a ton this week. I could see it going back up another 10$+ next week. Also GM could pop
ZM been consolidating for more than an hour now. About to explode (can be up or down)
If you didn’t know that the EV top was today idk what to tell you
THIS IS A CASINO
MRNA calls theyre gonna announce vaccine results and moon monday
Tech rally to end the day?
Rando’s on wsb claiming to have bullish insider info... ya I’ll stay short calls no problem
amat calls, amc puts, maybe ftch puts but i feel like this guy could still have sum juice left after earnings today, gm puts, jus throwing ideas around what y’all think
Are you lost? click here r/ihavesex
Last chance to get in on NIO
And wrong three times in one day
yeah please switch to NIO puts, see how well that works out for you over the weekend when gyna sees this big buy opportunity
Let me tell you the story of NIO. A stock once loved by all was corroded by a tiny dick analyst who just loves to see stocks fall. While everyone laughed at those who impulsively and with greed bought FDs and calls at the top, it was those who stayed silent with their shares and leaps that truly reaped the day. By the middle of 2021, NIO had reached 100, a level no one thought was attainable so quickly. Boys, its time to gather your eggs, put them into nio leaps/shares, hold on tight, and get ready for a stock that will one day make your wallet fat and leave your wife’s boyfriend packing his bags.
Thanks, you too panda
V shape recovery coming for NIO
Damn NIO really fucking tanking. That’s a bold strategy Cotton
Hahaha... yea, me neither...
Everyone visualizing what you said is the funny part lmfao
guys, you wanna pump IVR again like we did in june?
My main concern is that most of tech I’m following is red, but Nasdaq been going up almost all week, which means when Nasdaq does decide to dump hard then these tickers shit some more.
Zoom loss covered with Nio Put.. could have had a huge green dildo
"LiKe 4ChAn FoUnD a BlOoMbErG tErMiNaL"
I bought XPEV calls at the bottom today boys. Did I finally do something right?
i'd tweet, but i don't tweet., this company has a potential to reach the strike price at the date of expiration. we just need one news article and we're mooning. also \[earnings soon\]™
Shhh. Don’t ask questions. 

It’s keeping me in the green.
I have leaps too but don't know when the gridlock with xi will end for it to move up
I think very... I bought stock at 270 and sold today at 282 because as much as I wanted to hold on for a return to ~500 it seems that NFLX has lost it's shine atm.
Those NIO puts would’ve printed now
happy cake day dawg
I sleep well every night knowing that commie covid doomer bears get gaped everyday buying puts because “cases”
Thanks!  Can’t wait to collect these tendies
well shit
V shaped nio recovery
Wrong. It’s only for you dummies that aren’t listening to the 120+ people he keeps around him that will sell their soul to CNN for a quick blowjob and $5 drinks at The Bird
Dow dumps Monday - you heard it here first.
Sell puts at a lower strike to lock in Profits . Then try to close the spread Monday for the remaining profits
It’ll look way better next week. But like someone said on another post, NIO ain’t no Tesla, so don’t expect that shit. Get out when you’re up enough, pussy
[deleted]
People buying again because they realize  Citron’s “buying letters on a screen” comment is exactly what we’ve been doing all along.
I wish reddit would let you filter posts with a keyword, like: "NIO"
said that sarcastically
Time to bounce NIO!
[removed]
I bought 500 shares of NIO for you retards
Be autistic and apply everywhere with no shame. Lie and exaggerate to get an interview.
!remindme EOD Next Monday
😞
I'll be laying on my death bed and my last words will be "I'm about to go tits up" at this point.
What the fuck are you talking about?  I haven't sold shit yet son.
Puts on cruise lines are free money
**IMAGINE BUYING NIO INSTEAD OF NIKOLA. A CHINESE BASED SCAM VS A COMPANY THAT HAS HTML5 TECHNOLOGY AND A MONOPOLY ON THE HYDROGEN MARKET. FUCKING LMAO! ALL CHINESE COMPANIES ARE SCAMS. THEY COOK THEIR BOOKS BECAUSE THEY ALL HAVE TINY PEEPEES**
Nio really said no
Meme stock's gonna meme. This is why I don't jump on the hype train.
Sell puts just below your strike to lock in the profits
You could've made SOOOO much money if you timed it
🌈 🌈 🌈
Can’t wait until the Eurorich show up tonight to clean up this mess
Man at least you didn’t lose the principle balance
Nio rocket taking off. Your last chance for calls
Remember when they said the same about Tesla... and analysts were so bearish but the stock kept pumping, until even analysts gave in and raised their price targets... yeah they say history never repeats
Just went all in on tech… am I dum dum?
Friday the 13th, 2020 Ed.
SE earnings, anyone?
make it a 200 contracts to show us how autistic you are
Someone has to buy it from you lol
[deleted]
Who is buying /ES here?
🙏
...
Good luck!
What the month isn’t even half over lol
Reversal time for EVs bois
I’ve been here for 2 plus years and I never look at any other threads only the daily lol
How nio call holders feel today
[deleted]
Its traded almost flat af for the last 5 years straight.
Stricter guidance effective Sunday in MD
420$ or 4.2$
The premiums are still way too high imo
Yes.idiot
Wtf
None. And you shouldnt dream of one. War is no joke and should never come into someones mind. Next question
[deleted]
Already cashed out my 5 11/20 47puts, so go, go! Or whatever...🤷‍♂️
If no vaccine news on Sunday or Monday the DOW will drop 1500 points.
No way this dog doesn’t end up sub $40 by the bell.
m8 NKLA is still over 20, the music hasn’t stopped for NIO yet
No.
both
probably. wsb special
soooo... dump it?
good job, it’s a lesson learnt, next time im pulling out at gains like i saw this morning.
What do you mean by that?
POWER HOUR!!
NIO, XPEC, LI move identically, look at their graphs for past few days
I keep averaging down but shit needs to hit $200 again
Up a ton on nio puts but no daytrades left. I feel like mondays gonna be a fat rebound.
[removed]
within the next 10 years for sure
You lost it’s over
No u
[deleted]
“notorious short seller” aka GAY BEAR lol he’s pathetic
They tend to follow each other
Yup. Winner? Swing traders
Scrips are from his doctor to help keep him functioning
green dildos ain’t done yet guys
Spy puts over the weekend? I feel like Friday pay days make it go up inorganically and today happens to fall on payday for 26 and 24 pay cycle checks
all in NVDA for free monies
Donald definitely does
U ever poop so hard ur back cracks?
Nice shit yo.
Come on power hour
I’m down -63k so it’s all good
Still amazed Citron put that bullshit out 3 days before earnings report. Sold my call at the bottom like a bitch for +16% because now the whole ER run up is in jeopardy and a good ER might not even be good enough to save the calls because IV crush is so fucking big.

Hope you Kings do well, as soon as I sold it went up, that was for you. You guys can still make tendies but now there’s too many X factors for me to hold, all cuz Andrew Left that lurking pussy
not in my house.
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/fxhedgers/status/1327332835217137664?s=21

6 north west state governor to hold summit on Covid-19 this weekend..:

Lockdown monday!

Gonna eat bull steak soon
Cant wait to see your post on how you bricked your $2,000 RH account.
Literally. Just people scared into finally taking profit and then shorts taking advantage
Weekend ruined
SAD!
volume doesn't matter, the OI is nothing
Cashgang has been asking for a dip. Here ya go, boys!
I am, I like making money
Man this sub fucking sucks now. Only the daily threads are worth any time
Low volume pumps hurt too much.
Too much buzz about lockdowns for me. Buying some longer dated UVXY calls and selling on a bump. I doubt  we get anything as bloody as March but I think we have a sell off between now and December
Pls pwr hour save us in these desperate times
11/16 353p at 358?
down 400 one day, up 400 the next. no real news just clown shoes
Did I just buy NIO puts at the bottom?
These artificial pumps are funny, like nobody is fucking buying except computers and level 2 data is bullshit ran by market makers that spoof orders all day
I can see that happening by Wednesday
[deleted]
why the fuck are you in this trade. literally everyone knows tech is overvalued but cyclicals still have a long way up. You literally bought high and sold low.
I'm in. What strike and date
[deleted]
Netflix 520 calls November 20 how fucked I’m i ?
[removed]
331k loss https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtbec1/331k_loss_porn/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
What are the chances USA goes to war with China in the next few years?
boeing
In a hour? Hahah I doubt
I feel like I’m such a flip flipper... now I want nio to go back up!

Got the ptd call so day trading into oblivion since I’m gonna be locked out 90 days anyway!
or "decided" to concede lol
NIO is following the PLUG chart
yolo spy puts for eod dump?
😂
Pan Am
IV crush
It’s the repetitive spammy nature and how you comment it to posts that have nothing to do with it. It’s just very bizarre.
hey theta gang fuckers sell me some NIO 1/15/21 $3p, i’m the only bid at 0.02
Hope you are right my friend
[deleted]
I bought the dip, but probably will shit the bed even more
NIO opened at 51 went up to 54 back to 42 all in single trading session. Perfection.
Sold 70$ CCs on the meme stock this morning. I mean I'm down like several thousand today but at least I collected some premium?
i predict FSR will drop on Monday because all announcements result in dips but then i predict FSR will go up after that
Yeah looks like it
Are you a 75 year old man? Have you not heard of screenshots?
Luv is safest. But as a long term bet. I dunno if for yolo
nio
Stfu retard
you would've been making bank so far
I’m gonna lolololololol when it happens
Smart man
i think the nio autists are safe, just some major profit taking
I wouldn’t be that surprised lmao
ALGORITHMS: I am buying a $SPY put. This means I am expecting SPY to go down. It would be awful if spy were to go up. I would have to quit the stonk market.
tuesday
Yeah that just means a crap-ton of people either don't know the Fed is protecting the bond market or these are hedges from investment firms as opposed to us just trying to make a quick buck.  "Because everyone else is doing it" isn't DD.
Bro nothing in the world makes me mad as much as SPY does 

I think I need to take a break this isn’t healthy
BEARS ARE IN SHAMBLES
My spy poots are in danger 🌈
[removed]
Will dip harder next week
Dow is up 400 now
why hold LOL
[deleted]
Wrong again.
I bought 25 shares to short at $40.80 and I was pleasantly surprised when I sold for a $50 gain after like 10 minutes
[deleted]
You still haven't fixed it
Red is also a Christmas color
Guess who just bought PDD at the peak 🤡🤡🤡
You can’t criticize. This is the same logic that your parents used when deciding to keep you. /s
Sorry. I don’t follow. It’s a screenshot on a iPhone XR.
Yeah I’m holding until next week. Possibility of a second lockdown may help drive the price up.
It’s the same company.
[deleted]
lmao if we pumped just to get a fatter dump at 3pm, would be soooo funny
Not a DD
[deleted]
[deleted]
Imagine having that type of power to blurt out a few words and making billions in a couple of hours.
[deleted]
I won’t be screaming the N word today. 🤝
Naw
Lol what supports. How can it have broken supports that didn’t even have time to form while pumping the last 2 days
seriously, what is so different from yesterday to today???
I sold all my shares for calls this morning. We’re in the end game now: FUTU, JD, BABA
Buy some calls if you are taking that as a buy signal, go ahead and bet on it. 🤡
My SPY puts and tech calls are being equally fucked today.  Love it.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/sleepybats the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
if stock exists:

    algo.buy()

else:

    algo.buy()

    print(‘brrrrr’)
Remember when certain CEO said his EV company’s stock is overpriced? It triggered massive selloff.... but what happened then?
[deleted]
buy any iwn call expiring in december already up 200% on some
SPY 357c Friday at close, then 358p Monday at 10a, then playing NIO inverse WSB sentiment.
Naw
U rite, my single 50C 11/13 is worthless now 😢
everybody focused on nio what about xpev??
He bought 3 months ago so he's probably still okay.
NIO calls at 3:59 today. Will pump to 50+ Monday
because i bought calls. inverse me
Currently NIO is the only thing going for me, got in at $18. Still not enough to carry me green lol
Gains are gains bruh, I missed out selling 45 baba calls way too soon too
NIO really dumping hard after notorious gay bear says he wishes it would go down🥺? this dip will never last lmao
Lets get this 🍞🍞🍞
3.fif
HERE COMES THE BIG GREEN
SOLO!
[deleted]
dunno wtf I expected but yes of course this makes sense, I'm a retard lol

thanks for explaining tho
Puts. And hopefully shit hits the fan this weekend so I can make money or lose it all
Bottom guy knows his shit
Uh oh spaghettios
Everyone terrified of Nio..time to buy more
The sacred texts lied to us!
Fuck Citron, wsb has spoken this shit's going to the moon. Buying more stonk on this dip, what a glorious opportunity to get more before it moons above 100  

All hail supreme leader of chicken fried tendies, NIO with more cars being produced at this stage of their creation than TSLA. TSLA is for the older millennials who didn't have a father figure growing up
This is probably a noob question but how do you come to your numbers?
Sold
On my chart it looks like NIO is giving us the middle finger. 

https://i.imgur.com/iHBa2vS.jpg
Baba rising just to dump again on Monday??
Over half billion served! 😮
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [R. Kelly - Same Girl (Offici](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFnKgIptbq0) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFnKgIptbq0)⠀►►⠀ 3:12 / 4:48 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
If it doesn’t say 1M you don’t cash out. This is the way.
mmmm the IV must be insane. I wouldn't touch options for NIO right now
Lemme try to catch NIO real quick

l

l

l

l

l

 🔪
I was joking about the fact that it is clearly not running up anymore
Did you hold this today?
this is one of the strangest days in a long time
SPY pumping on little volume? What bullshit.
Your wife's boyfriend is gonna be pissed
[deleted]
Plus 12k to negative 12k, 24k swing. Fuck nio messing with me so bad
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/bintrest the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Priced in. If you heard it they had in their inbox on Wednesday. Every play you make will be 72 hours behind theirs.
Buy more shares then!  😂😂😂😂.
Dont mind me just took a pause from busy work day to come see all the Nio call holders commit sepuku
ZM dippy anyone?
bought puts at 41 and its mooning

time to refinance
NIO will be back to 48 by EOD
Better hope a NIO factory explodes over the weekend
I don’t know, I guess the idea of brewing coffee hot into ice was popularized in japan
Now hear me out...what if during his daily carrot juice bath, Donny realized that contesting the results isn’t gonna go his way. He decides he will by no means allow the market to moon into sleepy Jose’s presidency. Announces after market today that we do in fact have a vaccine which cures COVID and autism simultaneously but he has acquired all doses and will be launched into space by Elon with them all so no one can have any. I give it a 50/50 probability
[deleted]
Lol BABA rising from the dead on Friday the 13th
SOLO 🚀🚀🚀
Alexa play same girl
PTON about to rip
\*Sells 2500 cars\*

\*suddenly worth more than Honda\*

yeah fuckin right! NIO bag holders are dumber than NKLA bag holders
not bad
wifes boyfriend is gonna be pissed
Wow I assumed my NIO puts were fucking toasted after watching them this morning. Came back pleasantly surprised
Short Boeing
Lol
So retarded it might work
NIO having a 4% move in 10 minutes. Wow
No bro, they make rebranded Fotd Pintos for the EU
Complicated story but I came into possession of $25,000 of my parents money that I was not supposed to do anything with and yesterday I put it on NIO calls against their knowledge expecting to double it and have them never notice.  Now I am extremely scared and don’t know wtf to do now that NIOs down. My life is kind of fucked if NIO doesn’t recover soon
Is there a way to check this? Are they required to post what they buy anywhere?
This is the way
Why did Citron news also brought down the other chinese EV stocks?
Same just got 357 puts at $1.57.
Its just consolidating for the next leg up
Baba bullshit
[deleted]
good job man!
it was foretold
shit you probably right...
If SPY closing at 360 today. Mondays Moderna news will rocket it to 370.
imagine being long during covid spikes
BABA will be back to at least 270 next week. Get onboard
then you might want to expand to global
Spirit (SAVE)
It was pretty funny
plot twist, nio goes green
TQQQ on that theta gang vibe, love it
good job brother
Wtf man!!
Account balance was 500 in the morning.3000 at lunch. Now back at 500 ish
Just fukin wow! The amount of fuckery today. Like trading in the USSA. What a farce!🎪
Yeah I really don’t think I’m gonna be holding over weekends with all this covid spikes
NIO falling knife digging in deep 💀🔪
APHA already pumping today! More to come next week!
I’m buying 10000s of nio shares a minute guys I’m trying.
Calls or puts? And why lol
When will tech moon again? Asking for a friend
I'm writing 40/38 spreads exp Friday lol

Just capitalizing on earnings IV crush
Algo’s are having a fun day mooning for no reason
https://imgur.com/gallery/vCQY9oz oh well
I wouldn’t blame bears if they started the throw up right now this is gonna get disgusting
im not buying puts on them, but im gonna be adding to zm if we dont get lockdown news over the weekend
别客气
RIP means res...nvm
Yeh I've been yoloing my full account everytime and went from 3K - 30k - 2k - 17k - 54k...and now I may yolo it all for puts... not too sure.
put an f in the chat for me boys 🥴
That’s not how it works, it needs call holders contracts to expire worthless before it begins the road upwards again
[deleted]
Even though I believe the pullback makes sense, I still believe NIO might have a run up to earnings. Might pick up a few random calls
Can anyone give me a reason to not invest in PFE rn?
Same thing hapenned with SHOP
POMP EET
Same here. I can feel his joy!
[deleted]
alright wtf is up with square?!!
BA puts anyone?
Agreed. I think the market at large is just realizing that it is indeed overvalued in the short term.
850 peak running so far almost got margin called
Unclear. It's run up a LOT so it was asking for a big pullback. That being said it's dropped like 20% from today's ridiculous high sooooo...it's also had athat huge pullback. But it's still up 100% in a month so.....plus earnings is coming up.

Tbh I'd say just don't buy any options on this thing right now. The IV is insane AND earnings is Tuesday. The potential swing in either direction is huge.

If you're confident in a direction, maybe sell the voilatility and take advantage of high premiums, otherwise don't bother.
Don’t.
so annoyed

spy/nasdaq all up, my biggest holdings AMZN, TSLA , AAPL are red
Its just on sale today. Nio day next week dont forget. Double down
I MEANT TO BUY NIO 41 12/4c  AND I FUCKED UP AND BOUGHT IT AS A PUT NOOOOOOOOOOO

it executed immediately and i’ve already done 3 day trades this week i’m fucking stuck fuck fuck fuck
[These were worthless this morning. Cashed out. ](https://i.imgur.com/CKl9P0t.jpg)
back to our regularly scheduled moon mission next week
[deleted]
What was it
where’s the gain post
Wow i was way off.  Called top of NIO at 5am...didnt happen until 5 hours later.  "NIO is not a meme stock, NIO is the one that is different" 🤣😂🤣😂

Sorry to those that lost today, but how did you not see consolidation coming when every body and their grandmas were posting about the same fucking stock for 72 hours straight.
The only reason why its down today is that someone pulled out early...never pull out early
Lmao
Moderna is going to announce likely early next week and the market is back to pricing it in. Literally all anyone had to do this week was buy puts on Boomer shit and then sell and buy calls today
NIO Mooning before close. It's happening.
But its starting to go up now
2k
Anyways.... may I direct your attention to BABA
amazon stonk split could literally end world hunger🙄
Wish I would have sold my NIO calls at the top if only because I could have bought back in at the bottom and had a lot of spare cash.
Smash that mf'n BUY button 👊🏻👊🏻
They make vodka so they matter.
Imagine buying it this morning there were ppl here saying they bought calls when it was over 52 lol hahaha
I mean to the people who are waiting for the dip. This is the perfect time to load up. God damn you guys are lucky those Citron bastards came out with that article today. Also today is just why reason why option plays are incredibly dangerous.

GLTA
It's okay, the 1.6m retards here will buy the dip. They'll be complaining this time next year that it drops when the earnings come out. I guess as long as 1.6m retards buy it every time, it stays up.
wtf is up
He was holding shorts. It was confirmed. This isn't even the first time Citron pulled this shit.
“Fuck your puts” directed by SPY. Produced by Spy. In partnership with SPY Studios. Written by SPY. Starring SPY.
fuck me in the ass goddamnit
[deleted]
Infinity😎
I wanna see NIO losses posted now
Can we get a separate NIO thread this is fucking insane

I’m not touching it with a ten foot stick the way it bounces around lately
Little do they know they are actually autistic savants.
peep my profile 7 digit portfolio lol
BABA...you were supposed to stay at 258 by EOD :(
"Anyone buying NIO stock now is not buying a company or its prospects, rather you are buying 3 letters that move on a screen"
Trail stop my friend.  Put my 47c right at 9am before work. Thank god ❤️. Bought at 1.5 sold at 6
that's priced in.
guys when is weed gonna pump again need expert opinions
Nice i think you’ll do good with those. Im gonna get similar ones on a red day. Sat today out
NIO will be at 50 Monday
Wow. I said the F word for gay people and got banned for 7 days. Back to 4chan I guess.
What
Impending Hammer Down protocol in NYC - bullish on escape plans and traffic jams
I haven't lost anything because NIO will rise even higher again
Havent seen a crazy volume on a stock for a while. Damn Nio.
There’s like over 150k volume each for SPY 356p and 355p.. so if those don’t expire itm today, MM’s are gon cancel their hedge and buy back a shit ton of shares AH
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NC_Pitts the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dad?
I sold 47p at open
**IF YOU HOLD NOV 18/27 DON'T SELL, NIO NEED THIS PULL BACK FOR EARNING, IT WAS OVER BOUGHT THIS MORNING EVEN ON THE 180 EMA. YOU THANK ME LATER**
Calling it now, NIO continues growth over the weekend now that it is back on track with growth
[removed]
1600 and counting
Days not over yet muh fuggas Alexa play limp bizkit - faith
aaaand its down 11%
I mean even 29-34, gd. Mf was just a penny stock. Well see how earnings go.
They’ll be even cheaper when it continues its descent! If you arnt an intermediate trader at least, stay the fuck away from NIO in the interim.
Thanks. I’ll check it out
Is it over yet?
\-20% SPY 330P ... 12/18 exp
Why not buy a straddle on NIO?
NIO coming back from the dead
I’m under qualified for that, next.
How are you using those connections? They’ll talk to most referrals to tech companies, so you’ve got to be specifically asking for referrals to jobs. 

Also, look up certifications. You don’t have to even have it yet— put it on your resume and say you’re pursuing it so it catches in keyword searches. Just so you’re not being this honest, you should definitely actually get that though
Red at 10mins to close......
damn spy pumpin
No prob. Sometimes my emotions get the best of me. Then I change my tampon and Wooooooo to the moon
For sure. Nice action today coincidentally on the 275 calls for 3/19/2021
Citron said PTON was a $5/stock or something once. Their analysis is BS
Hahahahaha
6k
You've got that shit backwards bud, I'm requesting not offering.  It's hard to fit all of the majesty that is me in a single frame unless you've got some distance.
Algos ❤️ Spy
Jesus christ VIX

It's Friday the 13th for fuck's sake
STONKS
how is BA up almost 10? thats the only thing pumping SPY right now
no, it will dump after er, almost guaranteed, unless baba hit this fucking ripper on monday saving stonks
i thought citron made urinals? why the fuck are they telling me my calls are trash
Sell
Big ol middle finger on the LI 1W chart 🖕
I'm taking out 3 mortgages if VIX goes below 20
No, it’s 1D chart just broke out into a bullish pattern.
We got this!
This pump faker than Caitlyn Jenner’s pussy
Such an overreaction on NIO
^^^ This guy HATES money
And the drop is because of a citron article apparently. So...
What broker lets you buy for $1? $5 minimum usually. Still a 10x
Hey, our money has to come from somewhere.
How serious are conversations on state shutdowns?
This is the way
[deleted]
Stocks doesn’t grow overnight.
I Am shorting fizler, fuk his plastic bottle vehicle that goes out in 2031
I almost bought a put today at 50$ a share and I regret not...
Me
He's irrelevant.
“Then you will die braver than most” /s
How do you ask your broker for refunds?

This NIO product is defective. I specifically asked for the color green so I can hang it up on my tree for Christmas. What is this red bullshit?

I want to see the manager.
I loss 300 wbu
I daytrade/gamble
Calls on ZM
The year is 2050 global warming killed off most of the third word poors. SPY is up 4 pts. Entire world currency is pitched to SPY.
zzz hold nio puts over the weekend?
[deleted]
Fading these NIO dead cat bounces
Here we go again
Idk how I feel about holding puts through Donnie presser
thread: tell everyone how much you lost or are down on NIO from the peak earlier today
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Jared2338 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
bullish
[deleted]
this is the way
Priced in

Peep travel today
Me too this thing is hitting 60 by 11/20
Its not red because its friday its red because citron released an article. jesus at least do 1 minute of research you fucking idiot
What can I say, I’m just trying to be an autist
Great cooks
Its the flu retard. 99.9% survive just like all other flus
What about fsr's mkt cap per car sold?
Let's go Dkng 45 end of the day
Markets going to shit itself whatever 🥭 says, unless he says something mind blowing like they are distributing it starting January 1st 2021
It is a speculative play, in the presentation there is a slide about being in discussion with multiple global pharma companies. TFFP’s tech is superior to what Pfizer can develop in-house.
Face ripper this morning with NIO. Thank god I didn’t have calls. Just shares lol
you should.
Maybe
i had a 250k portfolio, its now $57,392.43
NIO springing back to life. Let's go bois!!
I miss the AMD NVDA days
Not drilling straight to the earth’s core = “pumping”

🤡🤡🤡
LMAO
chill dawg, let him go at his own pace
Fuck you
Time to get banned from RH
Im still bullish on NIO tho. That citron analyst probably was holding puts and wanted that shit to tank
Upvote this autistic post
Lol
Bullish
I have a feeling you’re right at 10k
It crept back. Still have an hour to go. We'll see. Looks like the bubble getting ready to pop.
all in or nothing, r/smallstreetbets is your territory
[deleted]
Who said it was a hoax? Not me. Trump never said it either.
[deleted]
who the heck is pumping pfe LOL 38.55 now
yuh
Now is the time to buy back in.  Run up before earnings and into nio day with hella catalysts.  Short seller report out and the pain has been felt.  Gotta be honest that report was weak though.  Anyways, thank me later.
No shit. Moderna about to release reports.
Big announcement tonight is that trump unbanns tiktok
I'm gonna wait until the market is done with vaccine news and try and get back in
Pump and dump. If you played it, nice job. If you’re still holding calls, you’re fucked. Next one
INVERSE pls
Well, I 100x'd a $20 bet since 12:50p last Friday.  Still have some positions open, but 2k cash in hand.  Feelsgoodman.jpg
NIO coming back. 50 EOD it's not late to FOMO
Discord with 6K people just signaled aapl calls
Anyone playing 11/16 SPY? I’m hoping for a bit of a sell off some point this afternoon.
Guys NIO 11/20 50c are cheap now after this minor drop let’s load up on some
Nio pump to get cheaper puts 👀
GBH was da tits!
Still high imo
sell today. keep the tendies and your wife.
[removed]
nio is up like 90% this month. dont shit yourself. citron also went against tsla and see what happend. diamond hands prevail.
Looks like a day traded out of BIDU a bit early
[deleted]
It just went $41 -> $42.70. $45 EOD easy
Fucked your self for not knowing the rules around what your doing you big dummy
Only reason mango picks 4pm to speak is so the market pumps and doesn’t have an opportunity to dump when he says nothing new. Monday will be a bloodbath
Why do we fall Bruce? — Thomas Wayne
[deleted]
China and its 2 billion people
Do you know how to flip a burger properly?
Who bought the NIO dip? 🙋🏻‍♂️🙋🏻‍♂️🙋🏻‍♂️🙆🏻🙆🏻🙆🏻🙆🏻
Diamond hands back for more
[deleted]
[deleted]
Guys, if you have any brain cells left, sell NIO on the bounce
Thank you for your service
Somebody wrote them cuz I sure as fuck bought em
Next move for puts! Next Thursday this bad boy gunna die
-43% on SPY 355P monday exp REEEE
Why do people listen to known short analysts? You’re feeding into their bullshit trap making them millions
BA 200c

Max has to get certified next week...else I’ll lose a lot 🤣
Is NIO cannabis in China?
PTON calls it is
Hey - why you tugging on that rug?? It really ties the room together.
You belong here.
Bought back into nio, crossing fingers for moon
In comparison to the days we’ve been having I’d say bouncing between 355 and 357 is pretty flat
AAPL MOON INCOMING
Not trying to be a dock but I really doubt these print.
If you got NIO puts, sell before close, retard amount of buy in by EOD and definitely Monday before earnings. If you dont, please be courteous and post your loss porn sometime next week
BUY NIO 0DTE 42C AND BE REWARDED
How unamerican of you guys to be shilling all these gyna stocks 😠... unless you guys are gyna bots...
qqq run into close? jeez its strong... but dont hold qqq over weekend, vaccine news can get ya again
Before
Pre-Market
[removed]
kk which of u nio bulls going to gold me :) for my sacrifice
literally
Do I buy POOTS?
like a champ
25 next week
[removed]
shambles in brambles
I’m in
You know when you’ve seen this comment everyday for the last two months about NIO and it keeps mooning, the retards don’t know what they’re talking about.
Here comes the last hour recovery of epic proportions.
In for calls and shares. I like the play.
there will always be more opportunities my friend
Pre-Market
Like clock work... The second I rotate into PLTR it starts dropping
[deleted]
[Here you go](https://finviz.com/map.ashx?t=sec)
DJ KHALED
Me too man, this gunna be good.
Oh wow. This comment did not age well. Just covered my short for a $9 per share gain
NIO pumping to close.
Keep buying NIO puts please
[deleted]
Hope it all goes well for ya and the world unends soon!
Welcome to wsb.
Is there a secret to landing a new job? I have connections and experience but my god it’s so difficult out there
Aapl gonna moon eod
11/27
It aint falling because of that article it's a meme stock that was bound to fall any day
yeah definitely a few screws loose but Grand Budapest Hotel & Moonrise Kingdom are amazing
BABA and HBI calls
What strike and expiration? I'm thinking 35's that expire in two weeks.
Isn’t that market manipulation? Do people even get investigated or punished for this irl?
I did, and I spoke too soon
🤷‍♂️
~~$6,000,000 market cap per car sold~~

Fucking Citron short sellers!!!
alright guys I just bought NIO puts, it’s about to moon.
same here! was starting to sweat.
The fact that China has said they are going electric. Plus it didn’t jump 50% in 1 day. Lol.
NIOs euphoria lasted 1week, lowest of any meme stock.
If they announce signing a deal with a gov agency to track covid, yeah. Chances that goes public though, we’ll see.
I like that idea. Too bad I have no capital to pay for the 100 shares if assigned :(
Thats not insider trading...
Airline banks and shit
3500% increase this year and he's puzzled
https://imgur.com/a/E5aymUY

Look at where the blue and orange lines intersect over the last three rallies.
bought nio calls at top, sold for 90% loss, bought puts at 41. am i doing this right guyz
[removed]
He’s right 100%
Carnival is up 6% today. Ridiculous.
Jesus Christ.
No but I’ll find a way
nio up 13% to down 15% that's crazy bruv
Tim Crymore on CNBC rn
Still holding so many tech stocks like SHOP PYPL BABA NIO going down so much today 📉 well at least I bought shares...hoping that if I stay patient they will go up eventually 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Market is bullish on record breaking covid deaths and hospitalizations. Gonna shatter all time highs off that good news.
glhf
> must of

You probably meant **"must've"**! It's a contraction of "must have".

---

^(^^bleep ^bloop) [^I'm ^a ^bot.](https://redd.it/f4qmb7) ^If ^you ^have ^any ^questions ^or ^I ^made ^an ^error,  [^send ^me ^a ^message](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=couldshouldwouldbot&subject=Question&message=Write your message here :\)%0A%0A---%0A%0A[Link to comment](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtif0y/nio_citron_research/gc6mrtv/\) "Click to send a message")^.
im fucking crying
3/19/21 SNE $90 Calls 🆙 🆙 🆙
You right, I needed that.
We all started at that. Now? Probably not 10k+
JACK MAFACKA
Market bullish AF right now
Just needs ranch ;(
I ignored what should be ignored based off hype. Eat my shorts
yeah writing em soon
Kcac. That is all
Because a large percent of us lost a lot of money this morning
BABA needs to get of it's ass already
Ya'll need to look up Citron & GSX.  Then look up GSX stock price after their report.  Then contrast and compare GSX and NIO.  

I guess my money has to come from somewhere.  

Ya'll must've forgot how China stocks work.
Nobody cares unless you actually bought positions and post your gain porn.
Why is everyone so confident that NIO will beat earnings?
Northeast going to shutdown.
F
I’ve seen this NIO chart before....DOCU early Sep. Get out now
Yeah
Rip
$40.96 to $42.40. Nio starting the climb back up 👀
JD Boys holding over the weekend?
down 1k holding it through the weekend, this pull back is needed for earning, if you hold you would at least break even, unless you hold Nov 13 calls, than your fucked.
except in FL!
Covered. Made $9 per
Share
No NIO so yes
Unfortunately yes. Nobody in 2012 was like “bitcoins will be worth $10k each in 2020”. We were all just trying to buy shit from silk road.
I have the feeling most people on this sub don't even invest or have <10k portfolio lmao.
Have some patience. Citron are shady fucks.
You should also buy lottery tickets 👨
I’m making jokes about nio but I’m dealing with my own loss with zoom albeit smaller
Honestly these Chinese pump and dump stocks shouldn’t even be on the NYSE
Battery Day was extremely autistic. Great ideas, terrible execution.
The silent majority making their move. Knowing damn well the stock will shoot up Monday and Tuesday after earnings report. NIO 📈
How the fuck is spy so green, everything I check is red? Not only is it green, it’s close to 360 too? Hello? What the fuck
Bull gang whats your plays?
nio meme pump cmon baby
Same with SNE under 90 I think.  There is a lot of pain at 90 on it.
Anyone know what’s up with vbiv?
Hospitals aren’t even at full capacity and the state ran out of unemployment funds this is a good idea. Nothing can go wrong there.
Got some more in the casino account too 😂
We To Low
U live in China?
Sorry for calling you a mean name. Thought you were stirring the pot
Hahahaha that's what you get for buying all that dumb chinese shit
Yea my bad lol but imma leave it because the responses are cracking me up
My 250 NIO shares man. Holding tighter than a middle aged woman on a rollercoaster
Say I have an ITM call exp Dec 4th, strike $5 current price $7.25, how risky to hold to exp?

I didn't want to, plan was to sell this week but it's deep ITM and has 3 weeks left to go...what do you think?

Can't say ticker, low market cap. They make these funky pop culture toys with weird shaped heads for kids.
Any NIO put writers here?
It makes sense to me at 29-34. Hitting 50 was my sign to dip.
if you are shorting RKT, I would cover
Ok SPY. Time to drop to 355.
Well, under 25k is basically poverty
Don't bother checking ZM for the rest of the day. MMs pinning this shit at 400 to fuck 0DTE option holders
Stop loss at $47
 GYNA
I'm actually thinking about this too myself.

For context used Datadog a lot in my job as software engineer.
Their product was decent but really had trouble scaling to bigger loads so I often ended up replacing it with heavier duty in-house stuff. (this is actually my specialty, distributed time-series and event storage systems).

However recently I have been feeling a change in the engineering culture over there, they are picking up some very very good engineers and pumping out blog posts and open-source software that really shows they know what the fuck they are doing now.

When my next deposit lands I will probably take a long position in DDOG.
LMAO BULLSHIT
Looks just like my sad pp but with smaller balls.
Not if you have a long timeline. But you can play that dump with 0dtes if you have the balls. Not saying it is guaranteed.
[deleted]
We not flat though
i see you DAL.  you just keep going uppies.  dont pay attention to these NIO boys.
Diamond hands boys, this is just a test to see if you are worthy.
We buying travel calls for mango operation warp speed speech at 4? Maybe FDA approved vaccine? Don’t see him having a briefing for bad news.
I feel you
Janurary 335 calls
Now that you retards sold all your shares to *not citron* it’s time to ride the wave back up .
nio $55c 11/13
“Mine as well”
Spy 353 put
Take em to hell!
🌈chinese stock🌈
Citron needs to be reported to the SEC
[deleted]
Sounds good, this is a great idea, I think there might be a selloff before market close.
NIO will close green, just watch
You’re in the money! Sell quick while you still have some left👍🏻
Thanks. I may have to dabble.
My first EV will be a NIO 😤
Because I've owned it since $18 and all its done is go up
I’ve got some 12/18 20c... am I gonna be alright?
that's sound dd.  thank you fellow patriot
Balls deep in bynd aapl pton AMZN. Am I fuk?
Suck Elon’s cock?
Why dont just let people make money, Citron?
[deleted]
PLTR, BABA, or GLD puts
bad parenting lmao
Baba or fsr
Was that huge green bar at 2:15 because of the CDC report of 194000 cases?
It's annoying as fuck honestly.
Whenever this lockdown or virus takes hold of the economy I will be standing there cash in hand ready to become rich. Small plays until that day arrives, only 5-10k moving
Why is zoom down so much today
You can find it easily if you google citron research
JETS 11/20 19.5p
They're saying Moderna might announce their vaccine news this weekend
lmao "the highest nio will ever be valued is 930 am, November 13, 2020"

\-iyioi
250k
There will always be more opportunities
I don’t know why guys are always talking about beat the pussy up. I coddle it
1 hour ago
How the fuck is there still an hour left
9
Nio cars are tesla but spelt telsa
Lmao we got played by Citron. Good shit put holders, although that wouldnt have happened if it wasnt for Citron lets be honest.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily\_discussion\_thread\_for\_november\_13\_2020/gc64pac?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc64pac?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

&#x200B;

Peep it \^
Seen them all. When I was like 17 Mr.Fox was kinda cool, then I understood that he markets all his shit films to loser kids who get beat up and picked last for kickball
r/smallstreetbets
Exactly. They still fantasize that technology is invented by a couple people in their basement, and that nothing innovative comes out of huge R&D facilities that are focused on a profit bottom line and end up changing society. You know, like the Covid vaccine
200 aal 14c 11/20 only .09 a pop boys
Sudden drops take some time to stabilize, don’t buy first day instead wait for trend to turn. See fsly, intc as examples
Dude was probably part of injected with the wrong covid vaccine
Sold all my weeklies at open.
Now’s the time to load up on cheap 11/20 50c
well this didn't age well
I checked the math and confirmed...  the Undertaker did throw Mankind off of hell in a cell.
*today
Anyone cried because of nio today?
Sir this is a casino, not an IRA
V SHAPED RECOVERY TIME BITCHESSSS
Baba-bullshit
BABA 270c & AAL 11c
40 today?
The great Nio extinction
7
Rip it
low volume is better for pumps. most of the time futures and after hours pumped not actual market hours.
Bought a 11/13 48p yesterday. Every shill called me an autist.
Lol sorry what I meant obviously
stop trading stocks that get talked about on here 99% of these people are AA
BABA calls
Has it really tho?
I am going to shit on citrons porch tonight
NIO green by close
Looking for it to hold the gap. Nice move today
Nobody tell him
Sold at top, bought into 10 shares midway. So I am just mildly annoyed
Baba
22k
Haha 🤣 I can imagineb
40 today?
With the amount of calls that went from deep ITM to deep OTM I'm certain we see some large spikes towards the close. Some might even move the market AH to further amplify OTM puts.
NYC is so going shut down this weekend it's near the 3% treshold. Is this priced in?
This ^
why do you think they will soar, been acting like a boomer stonk for months
Why dont just let people make money? Fuk u citron
I doubt nio drops below 40. But keep in mind im a fucking idiot
Riding on $1000 gain as of now, scared of pattern day trader shit so can't close them today :-(
It was up 120% this month and maybe was due for a correction?
If you have NIO calls, just sell it. Itll be a massive correction to the actual value of the company.
im holdin too, hnnnnggggggggggggg
But they all said it would go up? How can everyone be wrong? People can’t lie on here I think that’s illegal
[deleted]
Reminds me of Battery day as well
Dont look
BABA janurary calls.
Cuz it ran up a fuck ton recently and all the wsb retards have been schilling it all week. This happens everytime
# Breaking news, 

NIO vehicles are just TSLA cars that didn't pass inspection, and resold at a discount with a sticker that says made in gyna
I jacked off twice to NIO today.

Once when my calls printed and once when my puts printed
Gonna try to sink the market. Comes out coughing and sneezing. Looking like he's on death's door and screaming that PFE and MRNA vaccines cause autism in adults.
does it really matter when they pump back up Monday PH? Still learning
okay my guy, I bot 4/21 7.50C for 70cents a pop today, hope you're right
I'll see all you retards next week when it moons again
Happy buying the dip today, will keep buying if it drops at any point
#HYG put option
Should have fully cashed out but stayed in a bit like retard
Haven’t touched the Chinese EVs yet considering NIO call rn how retarded is that 1-10
Yes $59
May his memory live on!
Huh? Jan 12 ATVI $70.36, December 14 atvi $47.75 (2018)

(23 bucks down)

Jan 2019 $47 - December 20 $59
(12 bucks up)

What graph are u looking at? A leap would have to be well timed to not just get recked by theta
WSB might as well be renamed NIO for the day. Holy shit this place it litup with NIO discussions.
If that’s $22 and not $22k show us some screen shots. My nuts are growing just thinking about it 💦💦💦
[deleted]
frown harder and it will happen
Good point
More rewarding than shares, and less likely to be decimated by a short term dip.
It’s supposed to be ironic because I slay so much pussy
He’s probably never played team sports
🤣
Because it's a garbage meme stock that ran up for no reason?
Look at the open interest for put option 18 december.. have a look.. fed can't stop the next market crash
[deleted]
[Maybe this](https://investorplace.com/2020/11/fsr-stock-is-worth-200-to-270-percent-more-based-on-ebitda-forecasts/)
want to throw 20% of my portfolio into something what can you guys recommend?
It hit ath and people take profits
Wrong sub. Nobody cares about your McDonald’s money
Citron is a bitch.
Almost
Oh shit nio mooning
it prolly will tbh, u should get cheap calls that have been iv crushed
Look at citron on Twitter, they sell shorts and all the tards bought into the story
The grade 12 report
Some Twitter account named citron said it should be $25
Called [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc307ae/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3) yesterday. Right so far, let’s see some red!
Yeah I was at $14.62 but I didn’t want to risk this mooning. Plus this is an IRA so $1 difference in shares isn’t going to make a difference long term.
First time inversing Wall Street bets by buying puts on NIO yesterday morning. This feels great!
looks like the shorts are done, and contracts are about to expire in 10 minutes. coincidence? i think not
[deleted]
Man
Tempted to go big on VXX calls at this level
When it comes to NIO I'm not fucking selling!!!... my puts.
[deleted]
I had 11/20 $45P, sold for 0.09, now worth $7
I think I’m just gonna buy stupid far OTM options for spy expiring Wednesday. Like $30 otm ez money
If you don’t know you should hire a financial advisor man. Jesus...
You can always tell this dude got molested in highschool by the football players.
What are you getting?
40 today?
5 years from now you'll thank yourself (or even by Tuesday with a hopeful runup)
it doesn't matter what Citron said. All the panic selling means none of these people buying were actual investors. There are many firms saying TSLA is worth $100 but you don't see everyone panic selling
[removed]
Good stuff thank you for the reply! 


Edit: 
I also didn’t think abt the increase in non-lethal training and techniques that would lead to an increase in tasers
Cashed out half at 6:50am -7 am PST highest it went up for me was 11k. Now just bleeding out the other half and waiting till Tuesday
It took me waaaay too long to think of checking the news but I got out ahead and bought a few puts to make myself feel better
http://ipo-edge.com/2020/11/10/join-fisker-xl-fleet-blink-canoo-quantumscape-romeo-and-more-for-ipo-edges-ev-forum-november-16/

Henrik has said he has a major manufacturing announcement the 15th. This event Sunday could have something to do with it as well.
still holding nio. when do i shoot myself
Record cases, emergency summits, leaders awol and golfing or whatever, travel down, closures coming and SPY is pumping. 

I’ll let these 0DTE puts expire worthless apparently. Can’t make 200% every day.
I thought it was a joke when i opened the report. Giant pictures with maybe 500 words of opinion and no real fundamental reasoning for a $25 price target. Their 17x earnings point is irrelevant when considering the prospects of a growing company in an emerging market.
yea literally its the ugliest car ive ever seen, but not sure thats what determines its stock price lol
[deleted]
I wouldn't be surprise.
Buying options on either side is also fucking retarded after a 30% swing juiced the fuck out of IV lol.

The otm calls for next week are only down like 40%
I believe in EV just not that NIO is worth more than F or GM right now. So glad I got out of my smallstreetbets NIO gamble this morning.
Crbp calls
If NIO dies I’ll buy a Tesla with my put money
Citron boys are giving us tendies!
If I think this is a dump, wait till next week,shorters decided to bring NIO to 25
You retard, this is no TSLA.  Missing the key ingredient to success, Elon.
Thank you. I read this when I woke up and was like fuck it, bear it is, and bought some puts, AND THEY ARE PRINTING.
hahaha, lawd
[deleted]
It’ll come back up. Relax, retard
5k
Called for Biden, you troglodyte
[deleted]
I have pmd you for pics.
hey fellath what time do these optionerinos expire?
dump like clockwork every big green Friday
ROME 2.0 Confirmed 
Buying puts for the Fall...
[removed]
You'd still make some profit on those calls. Maybe $45C 11/27 if you're not that bullish but $50C has more potential for high returns
I bought at 45 my asshole is red from how hard i got fucked in the ass by NIO today
NIO is going to rocket up next week when people realize they got scammed by Citron.
I shorted both NIO and XPEV last week, yesterday was tough, had to convince myself to keep my diamond hand.
I don't understand how that Citron article dropped NIO so much, specific to NIO have it, and all other China EVs followed the trend. I'm holding 11/20 LI calls, in hopes they trend upward with their earnings next week. Am I an idiot for this?
I was up 75% in the first 15 minutes of market open, haven’t had time at work to sell. Just got home. Not looking at my calls until 3:55 today. Is NIO at $60 yet?
Only if the notifications were flipped
[deleted]
[deleted]
BIDU 150c Nov 27
Biden won Georgia lmao
Clearly didn’t know it was going to hit way lower than how it’s going now 🤦🏽‍♂️
Biden you mean?
nice flair
nio shills be like "just a pullback for the earnings next week"
If there is a higher power, please allow for us to break out of this hell scape that is the SPY 352-357 range
CRSR chart looks like so good
Hell yeah it’ll be up on Monday
So why tf is ZM going down? Should be fuckin mooning. We're gonna be in lockdown until spring.
corona official only makes stonks go up. 150k new fucking cases, SPY up over 1%. brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
***You're*** right.   
My own feeling would be Docu will go up due to possible lockdowns. 240C 12.18.  
Same feeling with Zm.
Very legal, very cool, very not rigged
[deleted]
its fun to watch nio from the sidelines knowing i sold my calls at $2.50 today morn and theyre now $ .01
I fail sold it to early for 20% profit. Left $10k+ on profit on the table.
i buy them to 0DTE and then when the stock goes down 1% my contract goes down 90%. rinse/repeat

it's actually pretty simple, i'll show you some time!
im getting luckin vibes
Who is this disgusting fat slob Andy Serwer and why is he on yahoo finance?
Depends on age.  

$100k in your 20s

$300k in your 30s

$500k in your 40s.  


You're way above average if you're anywhere close to those numbers. Of course for WSB, below a milly means you're poor.
This NIO drop reminds me of Tesla back in Feb 2020 when the run up was parabolic, dropped, then a slow climb up as people realized the tech and competition. I believe things will work itself out. If fucking NKLA can shoot up on retard strength, so can NIO. If you're holding shares, you're good.
Started green now I’m in the red this is how it’s suppose to work right? Fuck you Citron
A win is a win brother! Happy for you. Trade off momentum.
surely you meant pump
feel bad for missing calls on way up and puts on way down...puts can prolly still pay, but idk MM's def got positioned in nio so i dont think its going down harder like that
My BABA calls are green today. 😎
No not all in lol maybe that’s why I always lose
100 percent
Was there a vaccine news or what? Why the fuck are boomer and travel mooning
NIOs volume at 500 million blows my mind.
hindsight is a whack bitch
In aapl calls
Did you even do your own dd?
Nio shills be like "buy the dip i swear its gonna moon on monday guys"🤡🤡🤡
If only I’d dumped my entire portfolio into these plays, amiright?
This is the way
Yea that volume is ridiculous...just a meme for now.
[deleted]
Prolly wait for 37 at least if it hits 32 pretty sure it’ll bounce lmao
Lol no,  I'm saying if it's good vacc news,  then why would he (trump) wait till market closes?
NIO doing its best "I can go lower" Dennis Reynolds meme
Sure. Go long. Do do weeklies. I lost 90% in a day, because of PRC policies. And none of that matters if they squish Jack Ma. 

Do some homework and have fun or not. Either way all good.
Then why does literally every other firm have it valued at minimum 80? Citron did this because the dude is a bitter woman, sold his bags at 7 dollars lol
This dip hurts, but I'm still way up on most my calls and I'm gonna keep holding.

Hope no one listened to me at the time of posting that comment though lol.
NIO to the moon! told u cucks! you got to buy puts to sacrifice for ur calls
We at least understand how capitalism works, just not options
Same
I'll take 1 million shorts covering at close for $44 on NIO, Alex...
why
Boy I hope so
woah that is a hot take
[deleted]
Must be a blind fuck. Not sure about others but Budapest was amazin.
Flair checks out, lil’ dickie
Dumb
Do I still have big balls if I buy in 30-45 mins?
The real money is going to come when Sir Daddy Branson launches in a week and a half. 

10 x SPCE 25C 11/27
Bro I was up so just h this morning. 
Now I’m up a little
If you buy nio puts right now over citron writing an article you might be retarded. I don’t believe in this piece of shit company but to buy puts now instead of calls is just so stupid.
Is this pump because Georgia was called for 🥭?
You must be the first pilot they are trying that on
FSR $15 12/18
Nio doesn’t have retard strength anymore
agreed, a little too eccentric for me
> attention biases

Such an educated way of calling you retard.
Saaaame sold for 41 now worth 1.20 a piece
30 seconds in and that “YUGE” pump has me up 20%
i had multiple spots throughout the day

11/27 48p

11/27 45p

11/13 55p

12/18 33p
Lol I might get 365s just in case also
It doesn’t take that many contracts unless your buying something that is very small. One amazon contract for December costs 30k+
not really if elon musk said his stonk was overrated and it wasnt worth its current vallue

&#x200B;

oof tsla
RH doesn’t make the rules around day trading limits.... that’s big boy SEC
Fuck NIO, fuck BABA, and wtf is SOLO Dixie cups trending?!? I buying MSFT and AAPL calls like a good autist and enjoy steady flow of tendies.
And which news made it jump 50%😂
As is tradition
I asked one or the other...what do you mean this didn't age well?
Bought 60 nio puts 30 expiring next week
I sold all my positions this morning so either way Im good :)
Just dump this shit
"He bought? DAMP ET"

Me buying NIO calls 😒
I bought 400 shares (I know boomer) of JD and immediately sold them after second guessing what I thought they would do for earnings. The thought process is covid isn't affecting them as much so there will be a pullback on ecommerce. So basically the stock is going to go up and I missed out
[deleted]
Lockdowns are fucking coming again. I fucking hate this place.
194k cases yesterday
You dodged an artillery shell there bud.
10k into aapl 11/20 119 c
[deleted]
Bubble go 💥
[removed]
What is correlation anyway? Why do honey production and the stock market move in lock step we may never know.
buying more baba feb expiry at close, cannot go tits up lol
Lol priced on growth potential . Looks like we’ve got an autist in our midst , welcome to the club . It’s like having a bag of coal and saying when I press this into diamonds it’s gonna be wurf so much!
Are nio bulls all bears now
ngl have no idea what tf that is and i’m too lazy to look it up. congrats tho 😎
Keep going down NIO, $40 put needs to be ITM😡
Haha what are u holding?
NIO 1 week chart giving Citron the middle finger
Nio bulls who didn’t sell above 50+ just checking in on you..how you doing?
Fuck nio. This shit Better rally next week
is that all in? if its not an all in yolo it won't work... it has to be everything or nothing
NIO 0DTE 40P went from 1$ to 48$ today which one of you got this 50 bagger
[deleted]
Ive always wanted to learn how to trade puts well, but when the opportunities present themselves, i wait on the sideline

F
Guys please remember I will only go by my street name little dickie
“ Citron told investors to buy $NIO at $7 - 2 years ago this month.” The stock wasn’t even publicly traded 2 years ago and it’s private price was below $2. People believe this stuff?
I won’t say it again - DDOG at nice levels to get in leaps now. 😏😏
spoken like a true autist
DIE SPY DIE
WSB starts buying Calls on Bloomberg (the meta call)
Sold at 8% down today, got out with 36% total profit. It's currently down to $41 at 14% down for the day. Might be done with Chinese EV stocks lmao
Imagine not selling NIO after several days of gains. Did you think it was invincible ?
Yep.  They must have forgot how China stocks work.
Xi after eating your lunch with another fraudulent company 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=EFH9soeufXY
If you hate Chinese people like we do, buy puts.
Pretty subjective
wtf shouldnt have sold my nio 41p 11/13
yeah anything not red is good for me
don't even check on Monday...
I don’t
!remindme 90 minutes
[deleted]
Think it’ll happen again?
Think of the poor bastard who bought LI at the top.
Nio u came!
[deleted]
Time to wakey wakey vix.
[deleted]
MODS
lol f u nio idiots
Weeklies, or sometimes even 0 DTE for a lot of people here.
[removed]
Hows your million dollars account looking now braah ;-)
NIO time
What profits 🤡🤡
I fuck and wood but no money. You can replace the ticker with any company with that Citron report.
The absolute lowest NIO will go now is $39. Still a great price for long term
They were cheap AS FUCK when that report came out. 0dte
My cost average is $14.65 and it always pains me to add above my basis. But I might have to buy. Maybe we’ll work our way down to $15
He should be in a labor camp lmao
Wes Anderson movies fucking suck.
damn only 30%, thats pretty good...mine were down a good 60% lol
Fair enough. I'll see where your bread crumbs will lead me
I counting on the DIS and BA shorts and the VXX to work as an hedge
My 15C agree with this.
[deleted]
Hell ya I think you get 3 warnings and they label you a habitual autist. I already got my first autist warning with no consequence
I may or may not have 350 11.27

I’m afraid too many of us have similar positions rn. Never comfortable in majority using common sense and logic in this market. Should we switch to 380 calls instead?
🥰🥰🥰
!remindme 90 minutes
[deleted]
Man, bought 45P for $0.49. Sold for $1.00, it’s now $4
Keep stopping myself from buying the dip. Red Week incoming.
I’m holding the line until next week
doesn't change anything for the dummies that bought in the high 40's and 50's haha
Happened exactly like that, it was hilarious
30\*
its actually way worse. they were up +13% early. now -15% so a 28% swing.

VoLaTiLiTy
[deleted]
Bought NIO 45p 11/13 yesterday, panicked how much higher it was going AH, and sold this morning at 5% profit... only to realize that I could have made 500% instead if I held.
If we hold down $40 we’re all good boys
Sold 48c at the peak this morning, feelin good about the day. Monday should take that feeling away tho
Can't wait for the dump into close.
wow thanks retard
Yeah, but only 10% as good as 4000
[removed]
looking for a few behind the scenes plays.  anybody in here heard of nio?  i think they make dump trunks in viet nam or something like that .  not much info out there on them.
What happened in the past month that made it double in price?
Why?

The whole sentiment has shifted in a day, meme stocks always hit a wall at some point. The momentum clearly shifted earlier in the day.

It's now trading at $40. Use your autistic brain
40 was so hard to break for nio let’s see if it it will be a problem again
Actually they do, that’s why there’s a bid-ask spread...
I got in an out for a quick scalp this morning in for some shares now
Feel bad for all the nio holders
Everyone blaming Citron....it shows people were ONLY buying NIO cause it kept going up. If one negative opinion tanks the stock it never had any merit
Very insightful
I’m trying lol really it’s just so hard
Man right when i bought plug this morning that shit tanked after going up the last month
SQQQ would be good. VXX calls should be good as long as you pick strikes like $20/$25 and choose expiration dates with decent OI.
Haha ironically now I'm scared.  The big question will be earnings report day.  If its positive,  its going through the moon,  but if not,  it'll probably go down to like 25 or some crap
Again, my broker does not offer GME
I promise you Citron did an insider trading. And they profited  bigly after the post
[deleted]
Looks like another vaccine news rotation
[deleted]
40 should hold on NIO. If that doesnt its gg
This company had a great quarter, is aggressively paying off debt, pivoted to specialty alcohols to play the pandemic, and is positioned to make money the next two quarters.  Most of the next two quarters’s sales are already under contract! 

 My feeling with COVID vaccines is that we are at least 8-10 months out from wide spread availability. That means we’re basically at half time and this stock is looking like it’ll at least double again, if only for a short amount of time. States in the northeast are starting to lock down again, so I don’t see this as a risk in the next 6 months. I also don’t expect this thing to rocket ship, but I don’t think it’ll keep you up at night.
I bought the dip and 2 hours later I had to deposit money to not get margin called🙄

Still holding 💎👋👋💎
Chinese EV's what a fukin dump
All the next gens are out. GameStop time
This aged well...
Imagine if NIO opened at 60 Monday
Because of one red day? Weak
what a roller coaster that was.
Should have seen what they did to APHA and the entire cannabis market hahaha. 

This is nothing
Too soon!  Fed is covering them until December with option to extend (they did this earlier this year to get to Dec).  This only works if the Fed stops.
Can't even tell if shit on here is a joke or not anymore. On one hand these posts are spot on about the state of this sub. On the other hand this sub is literally 11 year olds.
If you were to point me to two resources on how to learn to DD what would they be.
Cool
Citron
The only thing that would make this day more entertaining is the “infinite short squeeze” on GME actually happening.
green is green
sooooo he wants to tank the market ah so we cant sell our calls? bet
Citroen article
I'm not that retarded
I made 11$ on NIO yesterday, after paperhanding it within an hour

Best decision of my life, now my portfolio is only 99.8 down
You're about 6 hours too late
Short seller report and many consecutive green days without any pullbacks
BTFD on NIO don’t miss it
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**Repulsive_Bug** , kminder in **3 days** on [**2020-11-16 18:25:33Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 18:25:33Z&reminder_id=660de26d5cde464a92595ce4b1f4855b&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020#2**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6bvz2/?context=3)

> kminder in 3 days

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-16T18%3A25%3A33%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtf81v%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020%2Fgc6bvz2%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 2 reminders.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete comment, Update remind time, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 18:25:33Z&reminder_id=660de26d5cde464a92595ce4b1f4855b&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can [add an email](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Add%20Email&message=addEmail%21%20660de26d5cde464a92595ce4b1f4855b%20%0Areplaceme%40example.com%0A%0A%2AEnter%20email%20on%20second%20line%2A) to receive reminder in case you abandon or delete your username.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Gyms closing again and the weather sucks. Time for a stationary bike.

PTON imploding, makes sense.
love to hear it. congrats
Just buy CRSR calls and win
Still up 2376%, 2289%, 2165%......200%....
KCAC pumping
[deleted]
Yeah. The actual report they put out didn't seem that convincing. It was just "NIO is overpriced because Tesla 'could potentially' sell it's Model Y at a lower price in China, and because NIO is oversold."

That was literally the only two points. The pictures and the legal jargon at the bottom took up more space than the actual "analysis."
[deleted]
lmaooo prolly so many
Link about the news?
VBIV AXSM breaking out. Charts are absolutely biuriful
I sold my position in NIO yesterday but I was entirely too chickenshit to try catching this dagger. Ah well, still made a bit on the way up.
 numba 1 rule, always take profits :(
I kept waiting and eventually pulled the trigger at 15.4
400 is 10x better than 40.
I didn’t listen to myself and I now have NIO put tendies, gotta inverse yourself to make certain tendies
BA is free money hold till 240
35k to 22
Nio investors jumping back into TSLA!! Get in now boys!!
If you have balls buy into NIO now
No you didn’t
lol
How do you guys go broke on calls? Are you buying 1000 contacts or something?
My broker does not allow me to trade GME unfortunately. Otherwise I would have definitley played it to get some tendies
I’m talking about you, being wrong about what you just wrote. I’m guessing reading comprehension isn’t your strong suit? Stock picks being a close second.
IV is through the roooof
Damn that hurts.
11/27 340 spy puts. Here we gooooo.
what's a good sized portfolio in yallz opinion, in general
1st time since covid, all indexes are up and i m down for the day
this game so fun even tho im a loser
we showed resistance earlier this week around 39 dollars, I am going to see what happens there and look for buying back in.
It’s more like sand, which is course and irritating and gets everywhere
That’s fuckin rough
bouncing
😂😂 he’ll no, I think if anything Monday and Tuesday it makes a run to 45, but I think it will be flattish maybe hit 43 on Tuesday and then dip to 35
Rotation from Nio to BABA.
They got lucky on roulette hit red.
Fellow bears if you want to short another one jump in on PDD and thank me later
Buy the NIO dip retards.
Man, should have held on a little bit longer today to my NIO puts.

This is an absolute bloodbath.
I almost did. Me and Citron would have a fight if that happened.
Who would be selling now. Either come up on Monday by about 3 pm (or sometime after Tuesday when post-earnings cash grab is done) or at the very least wait to re-gain some losses.
[deleted]
If he thinks it's going down it would be stupid to buy shares. Credit call spreads would be the move.
nio looks a lot like tesla’s chart
Spy you mother fucker if you don’t dump today I swear to god
Whoms'tn't _haven't_ they shorted, amirite?
I would IF I HAD MONEY SMH
Yes, mods. This man right here
Wtf is going in with NIO? It’s down another percent every time I check. That’s a huge drop for zero news. Anything happen?
Buy GAC Group at a buck 20.They're the ones that invested 100 million into Nip to keep them afloat.
I did before when it was at 295 before the big drop. Now I want to sell 255p 30dte. Might open 2 contracts.
factual, very big facts, buy calls ahead of time
Just cleaned my ears for the first time in a month. I think I came a little bit
there it is :) see the v-shape has begun! you're welcome bulls
[deleted]
Iirc didn’t Nio hit 12 then drill hardcore cuz of Goldman downgrading it’s target to 7 rofl which they ofc bought up
oof pton just touched below 100
holy crap the loss on here is going to be insane. I feel bad. It was funny when nio was down 5% but now its just heartbreaking.
Idk 😢😭
Just some Friday profit taking. Nbd.
[deleted]
no way.
could it finally be time for BABA to start reeecovering.
How wild that the opinion of one company about the future of another company can alter its share price by 15% in a day.
People comparing NIO to Luckin lol are delusional. Coffee shops are low barrier to entry and can be duplicated easily by anybody in this sub with $50k. 

Manufacturing EVs have high barrier to entry and no random idiot has the resources or knowledge to do it. Also the push for clean energy is a worldwide push. 

Thank you for listening to my ted talk. 💰👍
No holding anymore. Looks risky. It could absolutely rocket back up with the volume it has, but also looks like people are taking those profits. The valuation doesn't make sense anymore haha not that it ever really did.
You retards have such pussies hands, everybody selling Nio.
NIO dump so fucking satisfying.
[lyft layoffs news coming soon. buy calls](https://www.teamblind.com/post/Another-set-of-Layoff-and-Hiring-Freeze-SAJC8WU6)
are we friends with elon chan again?
Man I was jealous of you NIO autists this morning, now I just feel bad
xpev, li and nio pumping and dumping in unison, very systematic.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
[deleted]
Don't short NIO. Short the other EVs dumbass. Atleast NIO has street rep. WTF is a LI?
So frustrating. I just want a lil dip to add some shares
Take profit triggered at 53😎
I’m gonna do 15k of 11/27 340
dude market will pump after the close, not now.
tech isnt dead, but its life has been taken out...used to only go up...but now with so many vaccine announcements coming up, the trade has shifted to value and reopening stocks...I like sabr as a value airline stock play, do u guys have any other good ones? i know yall nut over ba lol, might get a spread for next week
This doesn’t feel like podracing
up 3% nothing significant
Wtf NIO I am in shambles
Wish I was a respected analyst, I would be manipulating the market like a mf.
Don't worry guys, NIO is still up 2,389% in the last 52 weeks.
Almost a 30% swing today for NIO. That’s cray cray
Hold my LI 45 calls?
Wow rip to my gains today lol.
Just got some MS puts
vol on sq is too low, holding my 185c till next week
What made you think they didn’t?
I have found my new trading strategy
Any BA bulls? breaking 200 anytime soon?
ugly car agreed, it is like a tricycle
Apparently, this is what caused NIO to drop in case anyone is interested:

[https://www.reuters.com/article/nio-citron-research/nio-stock-falls-after-short-seller-citron-targets-ev-maker-idINL4N2HZ3KX](https://www.reuters.com/article/nio-citron-research/nio-stock-falls-after-short-seller-citron-targets-ev-maker-idINL4N2HZ3KX)
Dude on here thought he bought NIO bottom at $44 😂 Poor guy said he would check k tomorrow.
I bought several Jan calls today and not worried at all.  Thanks.
[deleted]
Sold my short at 51 was like ”fuuuck this bitch aint going down” changed to long 30sec after. Exactly 4minutes before everthing turned to shit.  Very very small positions (like 1k in loss so far). Feels fucking good!
Sadly I’m not lol
🙏
Forsooth, ni🅱🅱a
bro what the fuck are you talking about
i worked for Chase like over ten years ago...accumulated about 37 shares. i feel that way every quarter when i get my $33 check haha. the good news is that even if the stock went to zero tomorrow i made wayyyy more than it ever cost me
I did. I lost 15 dollars. But okay
Take my money
Citron probably would price Tesla at $90.
Holy shit NIO
Well done to NIO put holders. You have bigger cajones than me
This hurts me, but its funny so I'll accept it
Certainly hope so but as of right now I’m feeling too confident!
Doesn't it first have to go up?
Sometimes I feel bad about missing out on millionaire plays in my options account, but then I realize that for one, I probably wouldn’t hold something like NIO long enough to get there and two, if I did decide to hold something that long, a day like today could wipe me out.
Why do u hate money
[deleted]
just did the math...baba closing green and spy going red would net me 2.7 hookers this weekend
Hahaha
6.8k to 3.1k today. Up 1.7k to that 6.8 over the last 2 weeks so not terribly worried 😂
[deleted]
I thought I was having a bad trading day until I looked at NIO
Short attacks everywhere 😤
i hope to see some gay bear gains off nio on the wsb front page.

i know someone had to had bought a shit ton of 0.10 puts on here and hit the lotto today
Where my nio gang at lmao
They didn’t sell their calls
dude market isn't logical. it will pump if they want to and they want it.
no

Rh bad
where will the NIO massacre stop?!
I guess SPY just going to keep melting up....nobody taking profits huh?
I sold to early for 20 % profit instead of 300+%
The only house i'm buying with NIO is one made of gingerbread.
No fuck that. SOLO IS THE MOVE! Follow HAN SOLO
Seriously. This fucking idiot acts like these companies don’t have corporate espionage / spy’s since the early 70s. 

“Hey we’ve announced a new vaccine. The guys across the hall haven’t figured out what we’ve done yet but... maybe”

Polio was only eradicated because there was money to be made.
Guys. I think NIO is in trouble
[deleted]
A quick Ctrl-F reveals 175 mentions of 'NIO' on the first page of comments. Can we just rename this the 'Daily NIO Thread' and have a safe space somewhere else?
I dunno bout you retards but I rode this thing up and down faster then a stripper with a crack addiction
OUCH
[deleted]
It’s ok to admit you scared 🍼
Is that a question or a statement?
This shit is delicious.
I love this
NIO call holders, you're saved. I got puts at the bottom. Gold me EOD plz
WSBs are about FDs. So it's natural that they would harass you on a Friday.

But sure tell us more about your long term investment strategies.
It’s consolidating for take off
Regretting selling my $15C leap and buying UVXY calls today lol
Do it vagina.. you’re gonna look back and regret not pulling the trigger
Whoms't
so its not space x?
Aged like fucking rotten milk.
NIO was at $3 at the beginning of the year 🤣🤣🤣 why didn’t you bulls buy then? RIP
No you didn’t
I want to know what happens here. I also want to yolo 50k worth of 0dte SPY puts....
holy shit PTON
NIO 10/20 31P up 300%
Sell those puts before earnings or you’ll be fucked
Someone buy my puts
All the noobs here about to find out that Asia has no qualms stealing westerner's cash
Oh... imagine 😍😍 time to retire 😂
It’s okay — just take a breath and walk away for a bit. You can make it back.
Exaaaaaaactly. Zero perspective here, you will find. Not saying NIO to 100 but me thinks it’s a good day to buy.
Final hour rug pull
Are you up 300% now?
You’re selling 275 puts?
You definitely are a retart
My NIO alert just snapped me out of my work trance.  I'm still not buying in until Monday.  Cash gang through the weekend is much less stressful these days.
The NIO 11/13 $45P's were .01 this morning. It's sitting at $4.20 now.....

If Citron did insider trading, they could have turned 50k into 21 million.......
[deleted]
Yesterday:  Man, I should have put my life savings in NIO calls.

Today: Man, I should have put my life savings in NIO puts.
Girls who wear hijabs are cute
This is hilarious. Burn NIO.
NIO back to lows we haven’t seen since Tuesday
Lol
Hahaha 😂
Who wants to brigade citron Twitter
remindME! 1 year check this comment lmao
This has been the best week ever for me trading, holy shit this last hour is gonna be nuts
Lol
So fucking illegal
AMC puts free money
:( sadly we're all retail cucks
Thanks for the information, I appreciate it! I’ll just keep holding then and see what happens.
Yeah I’m chyna kill my self
[deleted]
I bought a few puts there but took profits way, way too soon
Who bought nio calls and that monsterous peak?
I have puts. F
Scooped up nio shares at 40.97. Not feeling great haha
China is a big market and they are at 5% Tesla's production with a cheaper product + the government wants to see it succeed - you don't throw 1 billion at a company to simply let it crash.  I see no reason for this NIO negative overeaction for more. Citron is doing his hustle, and good for him it worked.
PLTR last 45 minutes is the flattest chart i've ever seen.
I need Donny to make a complete ass out of himself. Crazier the better. Like completely ignore the COVID shit and go right into how he won the election.
BABA 🚀please?
bags getting heavier...
What? Turned 70 into 270 no?
Somebody poke ZM
If a stock is $100 and it rises 20% you now have $120. If you sold you've made $20. If you didn't and the $120 stock drops 20% you didn't lose $20 you've lost $24.
Bottom me out like Barry Seagle aka spread eagle
bought nio calls at 47 cause i read here it was going to moon

can someone direct me to correct department to process my refund kthnxbai
China congratulated Biden so mango told them to dump it
haha nio stahp its not funny anymore
if you bought Nov 18/27 calls, don't sell it you'll would certainly break even on earning worst case scenario, if your lost is less than 1k you can make it back and still have change in your pocket.
i posted it before market open.
I have never wanted to FOMO harder into anything more than BABA. It’s just too big to be kept down like this. I might sell another put.  Currently have 275p 12/11 open
Buyers at the top

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhSYEMEEG5c
respect, diamond hands
Yes
It will in due time. 2021 or 2022 probably since were a bit out from production. Big news this Sunday about manufacturing could send it into 20’s. First analyst PT was $22 with more to come.
FSR is the next move
Stop telling them, let them be retarded lol
😂😂😂😂
When you realize Citron is the true enemy here...
I bought baba and it tanks. Then switch to aapl calls and it also dips. Finally switch to qqq puts and it goes up. Can't win in anything.
NIO crash confirmed
Good chance to go into the weekend with some lotto tickets
Baba getting hit with anti-monopoly laws in China. Be careful. Chinese government mad at Jack Ma. They posted $110B sales on Singles Day(their version of Black Friday), and the stock is tanking.

Be wary.
Oh smart let’s try
NIO for 5 weeks straight:📈📈📈

*I buy calls*

*The next day...*

# Citron: WELL AKTUALLLY🤓
I’d be thrilled with $100
I dont enjoy it. I just grimly embrace the suck.
BA puts to be exact
[deleted]
 I see
Fuck it I’m buying spy puts.
Me and Peloton are back together again <3
This sorta looks like my Li Auto play LOL
Your DNA should be investigated for an extra chromosome.
He’s out again. NIO down 15%
If they've held for this long, they'll really be in for a treat on 11/18
[removed]
It was due for a bounce. That thing was bleeding so bad. I should’ve pulled the trigger at 11 idk what I was thinking
Msft
Raise your hand if you going full retart next week with the weekly NAIL calls for MAXIMUM leverage for HD and LOW earnings?
Anyone like SQ calls as much as I do?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Military

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtmfee
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtmfee) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/JustAOneRedditUser, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Thebush121
JustAOneRedditUser
Daurs
Fuck, now I feel bad. Attack me back as is per /wsb tradition.
Spy has been at all time highs for most of its existence, that’s how it works
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Aw yes, my NIO puts I panic sold for $90 at open are now worth $7,100... off to buy some $ROPE
just asked around on a different sub and you have to be prompted to activate it you cant choose to do it yourself. For your reference: I was prompted in the middle of a buy order, I have a margin account, I don't have margin activated though, I was on a desktop, and it wasn't on the day of an expiration day. Not sure if that stuff affects your ability to get prompted/invited to use the feature, but those were the conditions I was under.
This huge daily swing on NIO makes me sad, but understanding it went down 20% from a grade 12 report that looks like it was done at 11:59pm, I can’t wait for the daily swing the other way after their ER.
It just keeps dipping, when do the people start buying?
You think?
Average up, average down, average sideways idgaf. Just buy more NIO for free tenders
Because you bought after a 25% weekly run up bro haha. Look to enter when there’s a dip. If you’re buying at an ATH you better love the asset long term
Shoulda cashed out
"Intense buying leads to negative returns" So you mean to tell me it took a fucking bloomberg journalist to figure out a shit ton of people buying into something means it's going to correct shortly after? One of you guys land a job there you haven't mentioned or something?
15% is 15%
Great. NIO is up to 55 now.
Good job!
Just die already NIO go back to $30 where you belong
If your talking about more puts yes
That's what I did, up loads!
welcome to the hydraulic press channel
thank you for your input, DeerCum
someone told me once that it doesn't happen if you have a pending order to sell. Put something in that's ridiculously high and then you can replace it later if you want to sell.

edit: if this fucks you hardcore keep in mind that I'm an idiot and am probably wrong
I bough back in October
Means buy puts.
Always catch that penny stock rocket after its already started climbing.
Still holding. My puts will go ITM

0.65 to 2.64
I'm magic, probably Bigly vaccine news Monday
NIO go up!!!!!!!!!!
Ehhhhhhhhh
What do you think of SQQQ call/VXX call?
a singular person gets salty that he sold NIO at $7 so he writes a hit piece that NIO should be $25 and tanks the entire Chinese EV market.  only 2020.
Yeah they set the target to 25$ or some shit lol
I was wondering the same thing lol or will it go down like Li and NIO
I've traded on shrooms and DMT (separately, multiple occasions). Yeah, the wiggling numbers do make it hard to focus.
Rip to all the clowns who bought nio calls today. I do have to say though; you absolutely deserve it
Riding it hard
Won't go below $39. If so, NIO $50C 11/27 👀
Sold my NIO shares this morning. Bought puts. Made 75% both ways
zm being pinned at 400 today to fuck 0DTE option holders
What did they expose? Literally nothing. They just took advantage of ours and then re entering at a lower price
[removed]
I read the report and it isnt devastating for NIO like a lot of Citron reports are, but I knew I had the tiger by the tail and the run was going to end soon. I built my position back when it was like $7.5. 200% on shares and who knows how much on calls since April.  I might be back in NIO but it's been overbought. I mean it spent like 10 minutes in the $30-$40 range. LMAO
[deleted]
Schrödinger's covid. Calls on any and all quantum stocks confirmed!
Why is pton fucked did more news come out
If you think a meme is an investing advice you are at the right place here
🤡
Pfizer Nov 9th press release. Will they shut down without stimulus? Holidays, a lot of money to be made.
😂🤦‍♀️
Good time to buy NIO puts? I think it might drop today
Cause I’m freeeeeeee free faaaaallin
All that NIO money gonna go back into BABA
I’m a bear but goddamn the breadth in this market is unreal
😎
I had  5 42p as a fucking straddle and sold at 10am. Almost 100%gain but still... they would have been in the money now
STOR looking good
Fucking fuck I had calls a week ago fuck
Spy calls at 10:05 👍
Hey big brain, people will start posting loses at eod, just expect more over the weekend when they free to do so
Who the fuck is William Li
I very much do. This isn’t even a low point this week, just the first firm to set a low price target on NIO, almost certainly just because they are shorting it. +8-10% on Monday, and then who knows what the fuck will happen after earnings
Nah, you’re just late to the party
NIO sub 40 EOD
A “$54” stock just dropped $13 in one day what does that mean 🧐
It literally broke through the VWAP, contested it after, then a hard fat fucking candle right after...clear indication to go short
Im pretty sure that news is priced in considering the PFE news earlier this week. Don't think market will react to this honestly unless it comes out that the results aren't good
Phone trading has compressed the pump to dump cycle to a single session now LOL
Just buy shares now and sell those calls and collect the high premiums
Did anyone else buy at the literal 54 top
Plz daddy
Recommend buy more? Surely it will moon next week
Lol

“I may be EARLY but I’m not WRONG.” 


You for the next 6 weeks.
Then why wait till market close?
I sold my tsla shares at 402.69, just to buy them back at....402.69.
Lol
[removed]
Mango set to talk about covid and vaccine in 1 hour and 15 minutes
Sold mid first drop
Guys don’t sell NIO it will bounce back in a few years 🤡🤡🤡
Lol so you waited till today to respond because it might have kept going up.

Nostradamus over here
absolutely amen. after having fomo i yolo'd some puts and took a humble profit for a new guy. its not about winning big, now, or always. its about winning once and being happy about it
Citron was short selling Tesla in February. Why anyone listens to those assholes is beyond me.
Yes
MODS
DING GANG WERE U AT
You can make that back easy with another 0dte
[deleted]
Of course SPY puts weren’t a smart decision fk
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Sexyylilthang the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You think we’re speaking in the 1400s or something?
I finally understand the phrase “That’s a bad call”
Both and that’s fine I’ll take profit on that day and roll out. I think this stock is prime for profit on all sides. Huge momentum play right now.
what finding shit companies and exposing them 🤡
scale into more baba?
fuck it puts at the bottom of nio!
god forbid i can feel good on a friday afternoon
Stocks only grow up my dude.
NIO is backed by ccp tho.. I think they should be good until the China government decides otherwise...
This looks like  a safe space to me.
No fucking shit.

Look at travel stocks and COVID stocks
Man it’s such a shame that my broker doesn’t offer shorts for Nio
Maybe
[deleted]
Damnnnn..
[deleted]
Easiest money made this year was buying calls on Friday right before close and offloading on Monday at open since Mondays are almost always blood green.
Straight up manipulation
Hahahaha
bought 2k at 52 this morning. It hurts, but I had bought about 3k when it was around 32, so I'm still technically green. yeesh.

Somethings up though, TSLA, LI, NIO, and XPEV all look the same today. It's bizarre.
ouch
no one here riding FSR?
buy low sell high?
Yeah I’m actually down now. I sure do hate myself apparently.

Also holding till 2030 if it’s still even exists🤞🤞
I just got $1009 in ivr calls and 500 shares I believe
25% intraday swing for NIO haha
This aged poorly. Like this post will.
of course it was. It is glaringly obvious
It true i bought meme, very safe very easy good meme. Buy meme, recommended.
Ding it!
Yes
I'd be pissed if I'm William Li. The Citron report just said that it is TOO expensive for Citron, not for us with our deep pockets.
bought @ $15 b4 close yesterday, sold @ 15.36 this morning, don't plan on holding it, good luck to you, just wanted to see how the stock turns out today after a flat earning.
With something as volatile as this, if you don’t think you’re gonna be up/active then set limit sells/stop losses with prices your comfortable with
BABA and JD are the only ones I feel kinda comfortable with even with all the current shit. It’ll pass sooner than later
Hey guys! Just woke up after a long nap, how’re my NIO 11/13 calls doing? Premarket looked dank!
Buy high sell low
The fuck is wrong with r/technology? Are they an anti-big-tech subreddit? Every time I click some interesting sounding shit like “FB working on AR-assisted surgery tech” it’s a bunch of r/politics people saying that Zuck is the devil and we should rely on bartering and witchcraft instead of computers or some shit.

This is the most autistic but easily most sane fucking part of Reddit.
Time to switch to calls on NIO
The micro futures are a godsend when it comes to collateral. It takes a while but a good goal to set out is to turn the margin required for a microfuture into the full contract.
US Govt back to ByteDance divesting US operation of Tik Tok.

Puts on FSLY
I'd hold on recovery stocks there might be more vaccine news from moderna over the weekend
Yeah I did, because I update my stop losses lol. Check my post history
🤣
Triggered a NIO sell-off
Puts on HYG.. market crash is coming.. gay bear will win!
Dude NIO 45p today's expiration opened at 0.01 and the high was 1.79 lol that's a 179 bagger LOL

Learning from this
Let nio hit 7. Why the fuck not. Seems like a cool number.
It’s a shitpost man. Already locked in
[deleted]
Can’t wait for RH to sell my calls before power hour
Fair enough

Just remember to buy the dip
What the fuck is this guy smoking, and where can I get some?
Idfk man. Bought baba calls for the fuck of it.
DiamondHands man. The Citron report has no substance. We'll be alright.
So can we all agree to keep NIO above 40 today?
??
 NIO bag holders wya?
Bought Puts this morning and up 220%

Edit: 300%
same
*whom
[deleted]
25 if you ask citron
$2k nothin crazy
I’m going full cash this weekend. I’m not confident in holding anything over the weekend. Even short positions
lol
🙋🏻‍♂️ bought NIO at ATH 

Pretty cool
[deleted]
Hey
Buy the dip.
You can’t say this shit is no manipulated, fuck citron
Yoo whoever bought NIO at open today must be in fucking shambles. That shit is sickening ngl😳
Palantir upgraded from 13 to 15 by Morgan Stanley 20 is next by the new year remember this post
Lol yes because buyers and sellers take that into account.
Pattern Day Trading restrictions are fucking stupid.
I’m stupid as hell and even more of a pussy, you really think this will look better next week? I’m shitting myself for no reason it seems.
Bought nio call yesterday, sold this morning for 200% gain, bought put, sold for 80% gain
I dont know what this means, but it pleases my confirmation bias.
That's just where we go out for a smoke break by Club 15.51. brb
Good. I can provide meme of u give ctedit detail. Safe transaction. But be quick I'm tunning out of stock
$45
Is anyone still bagholding NIO? Still holding my 11/20s, but fuck man, I'm not too confident about Monday anymore.
Market rotation from NIO to DKNG. Get in before we hit 60!
Why not considering Mondays are almost always blood green?
Tried to pull a nikola
[deleted]
I've only ever read about this formation in textbooks
I believe it will be worth a lot more than $40 long term and I'm still up 100% for the month but I could have been close to 300% if I hadn't gotten greedy lol.
Sold my bio calls when before it tanked
Ha
$30
Not NIO. SPY puts :(
Ban
Right... if only retail investors could band together and fuck those corporate investors when they try to make moves like this. Their algorithms have exacted our emotional reactions
I bought in at $29, tf you talking about.
maybe but your max pain theory just fell through partner.
50$ easy
just ding the fucking bell
No pumping overnight... says the caboose of the Li auto/Nio train.
[removed]
PDD
This aged well.
Why are you crying. Just lock your positions in and shut up.
So NIO is selling itself?
Is buying NIO puts right now as retarded as buying the top this morning...
I just grabbed $55c 11/27 exp I hope I didn't jump in too early
oddly nice feeling watching the price of my NIO shares go down as my puts go up
damn nio not done dumping
Paper hands 🙌 why did I sell my PDD this morning
False nagatives a way more common.. so he has the virus
Done
Im gambling not investing. The top of the day is the only top I care about.
500 to 1500 by open
nice
4K to $900.....
[deleted]
😂😂 how much u lose?
I feel it brother. cheers!
i tell people vxx is the cancer u really don't want to have
Seems like The Bidster (Joe) isn’t the biggest fan of police funding do u think this will effect ur outcome. Also what software does a taser company sell as a service?
[deleted]
I do dailies for Thursdays close price on friday if something opens at a crazy % in premarket and seems to work most of the time lol
He bought?
not taking sides here, but comparing nio to nkla is kinda absurd
my neighbor told me to buy like 2 months ago and i didnt listen
did anyone make any good plays today? if so can you rub it in my face real quick i need the motivation
🙋
Volume on spy is so low, do you guys expect a rug pull
Prob not
Citron should be investigated for market manipulation. Doing shit like that should literally not be legal.
i have 350c and 400c for 6/18/21.
IPOB 11/20 20c
At 29 buy calls
Yea. @25$
My stop loss saved my ass tbh. It's a saving grace for someone who cant sit at the computer all day
Either we dump hard from here or we moon; my bet is on mooning so obviously I'm gonna be wrong :(
3:59 yes
[deleted]
[deleted]
-1% for the week, bro
Sold my Nio puts at open for $2.3k loss
When will this market hurry the fuck up and drop so I can go in on spy calls. I’m not trusting past 360 until next year.
You guys up? I’m down12%
It’s printing so move on to puts!
Most of us are very bad at this bud, keep your chin up it's Friday
Having Citron behind your puts is like injecting 3 different kinds of steroids
[deleted]
Which of you bastards broke NIO! (Posted 2:42)
went deeeeeeep in tdoc
If I have learned from lurking in this subreddit is to do the exact opposite of what people call.
What's NIO price after earning?
This is such a massive overreaction. We’re just back to where we were quite literally a day ago.
I sold at the top and tried to catch a falling knife with a conservative limit price thinking there’s no way we go that low. Lo and behold we went that low and behold we went way lower. I don’t know where bottom is
That citron article?
Fake and gay market
FML for selling those NIO 44P’s too early. Easy 7 bagger 🤡
Who in their right mind would want to hold calls on anything over the weekend

Edit* so this means buy as many calls as you can. Inverse logic and reap profit
Zoom is manipulated as fuck  lmao wow
I mean... it’s stupid but it honestly works pretty well. It’s just that there’s a breakeven point for every stock where the memes start to just annoy people. When we hit that point, the selloff begins. I wonder if you could actually model it
Soooo is it time for NIO calls again yet?
[deleted]
Well, probably I should go with data and calculated a correlation (perhaps wavelet correlation) between the two stock time series.
0dte puts at open were not the move
I think those will print on Monday
How can i apply for a job @ Citron. Will work for free for these guys.
Exactly, the Andy Left report has no substance. It'll lose steam soon
https://twitter.com/citronresearch/status/1224717846271287297?s=21

And look what they said about Tesla in February
[deleted]
[deleted]
Did you sleep in and didn’t cash out retard?
Made profit swing trading the 1DTE ADBE call. Green day for the rest of my positions.
I approve of this message.
The stage is being set for an unknown unknown to fuck shit up. VIX longs look attractive here
Mine says 15.48 I think it's broken.
Nio doesn’t always go up
This didn’t age well
If it reacts like LI, everything will be fine next week. Just looks like a huge AH selloff. Could take profit, and re-buy monday to be safe, but premiums will jump.
41 now.
Same. We were on it and should have let it run
Is volume kill while we wait for mango to talk or what?
Bro $6?!!
Bunch of suckers and losers
order at 39 ready!
Robinhood was telling me I can't buy 0dte options when I had some that were expiring today, and that I could only sell them. Can you buy 0dte options on RH?
GTFO zm. Vaccine news gonna kill it for good on Monday
Sold at top. Leaps on sale 🔥🔥
Yea as soon as that report for 25$ a share came out i loaded the put up
Oopsies seems bynd is not done dipping
Got that sweet $1.82 dividend from Apple. I made it boys.
35p for next week?
Bruh I need spy to fucking die Monday
DIAMOND HANDS
dont need it bro.  the call is ur collateral
Lol. You could make the same amount of money that NIO gang made riding this up by shorting it back to $2. Brb. Asking wife’s bf for an advance on my allowance!
Lmfao just woke up. Nio is uh
I have also NIO calls guys wtf do we close ? Is this going to hell ?? My margin is killing me
I’ll hold, I got them at 10. I wanna see if they get stimulus
Fucking nice tho! I never get even 100% on my shit
But NIO calls now. $50 by Tuesday or ban me
Bruh you got any DD
Damn, I am sorry about the timing of the above post.
Who did citron report on? NIO?
tf happened? whats the news
The company is fine. You should look at their products first.

The valuation is the problem. It’s all hype.
yea so no one really. Obscure and insignificant amount for their share price. Hence the fact that it's shitting all the way back to 20$
That would cut down on thread volume by about 90%
Imagine getting downvoted for both of these plays two hours ago,

&#x200B;

Green baby
I also bought nio calls right after i sold and stock on margin 😎
NIO going full jihad holy war on itself rn
I went from -150$ on XPEV to +700$ and back to +37$. Wow
Not for NIO tho
So do you think that Citron downgrade NIO was on purpose to burn some of the call volume off?
get AYRO calls fam
Nio is the back half of a DJ khaled song today.


*And we go down and we go down and stay there*
SPY under 2% from ATH. Seems legit with everything else going on. Lol
xpev down to 30?
Whats the usual reaction to layoffs and hiring freezes? Stock goes up?
I made a post shorting it and a bunch of autists here did too, bulls are dumb
This man is consistent.

....post your winnings or ban
More covid lockdowns means making poor financial decisions for potential life altering gains
I am trying to find the post but I thought i saw somewhere on a subreddit that the pfe vax wont be out until q3 next year . but why is it up today?
Puts on CCL
7 miles is 11.27 km
Any good $100 plays for next week?
"the top" 

&#x200B;

see ya in one year
Who did they short now?
[deleted]
That's why you sell small amounts each time. Lock in some profits but let some ride
A share of SPY is 8 times as big as a share of NIO.
I sold my fisker 15c 11/20 for a small loss yday since the price was stagnating for the last couple of days.  This morning it went up by 360%.
So is NKLA. Seems like a great company. Both have no product out, no tech themselves (they use another OEM's EV tech), no production capability, and founder's previous companies went under. But hey, maybe this time is different.
goodspeed
cameron smith can, most likely, drink u under the table
Joined yesterday. Left today. Was afraid to FOMO one week ago, but this day was worth 400%.
Will NIO have a comeback? Will Bulls or Bears be able to pull a ten bagger? Or will Theta Gang rule? Find out next week!
Brooo
# rip nio
so happy for Tony. He came from humble beginnings. I do DD on the side but damn that shit is straight up ridiculous. Youll get offers to drive 7 miles for like 6 dollars. I only do that shit if im going to get lunch or something and turn on the app. Sometimes ill get an offer at the same food joint where Im at and the drop off is a few blocks from where i live. Other than that its pretty garbage
I feel fine with my position, but damn call holders had the rug pulled out...
Let us break 41 first. Looking a bit strong.
Sold my NIO 2023 leaps and bought BABA 2022 leaps. +125% is enough for me. No need to watch it try to make that back for the next 2 years.
All this shits going on and vxx is down 2 dollars from yesterday. Fuck the vxx
[deleted]
Stock goes up 120% in two weeks. “So unpredictable” lmao
NIO about to pull a Lebron like 3-1 comeback victory end of next week
Still up 50k bro. See you next week after earnings when I’m up even more
Let’s get it
VBIV hnnnngggg
[removed]
IC I thought you wanted us to use the platform
[deleted]
pretty much everyone in my office voted for Trump because they like his antics. and the democrats are going to take away their 401k's apparently.
I’m surprised that Mods didn’t make a separate thread for NIO like they did back in the TSLA to the moon days.
Look at xpeng too, I think it’s whales taking some of their 6000000% profits
Time to crank it up, JD
Thank fuck I’m not the only one. Sold and went YOLO into baba.
Nah don't short NKLA so many already shorting it imagine the squeeze lol
Mee
I was happy that I broke even my NIO 45p 11/13 that I bought yesterday. Sold at 5% profit... I check now and I could have made 7 times more than that. lol
Someone's mad they didn't hop on that NIO train earlier.
Closed at top & going to open some leaps with the gains. I ain't no sucker
I was doing that all last week and just said fuck it yesterday and went in on JD so I def feel you about that.
West coast sucks and I feel the pain some days
U good?
It has no reason to. For all we know, China is pumping this. ALSO, im just buying back into 40c may2021 for much cheaper
Webull keeps freezing when I look at nio.
real autists buy AYRO
Fucking KCAC holy shit
I feel like a tard for hanging onto my NIO calls still
FSR
[deleted]
Fuck citron
Sold 44P for NIO this morning at .06... Bout to long $ROPE
I sold a $47c expiring today. I know one of you is still holding it lol
Same lmao, sold at a markup, buying at a discount 😎
Dkng $$$
Salute to all you NIO soldiers
I’ll see ya on this thread in a year. No hard feelings I just disagree
Cover your eyes!
Kinda bummed I dumped my puts when it broke 45. No use crying over spilled milk tho
Tried this did not respawn.. help?
So am I shorting or longing?
Bears gotta eat sometime
I sold my 41p and 45p nio puts for 100% profit at the first dip. I wish I held out.
I bought nio puts today that expired today at a 49 strike when they were up and sold for only a 300% gain if i held 4 hours it woulda been 1200% 😭
Who bought 0DTE NIO puts at the top? I need to see some gain porn, PLTR has me edging all day
SPY 4h MACD looking like a bearish crossover is coming
Dead 🐻 walkin
I pulled out before the dip. The key to being successful is not having a dick attached to your body
No but should we start one ?
All gains are gains. Keep it up.
Neymar is highly volatile...
[deleted]
cup and handle flag forming on the SPX
Bad news: I have no rent money

Good news: Found $5 on the way to KFC today
Bye Trump
SPY is about to complete the mythical “fourth nipple” formation. Milk will rain down from the heavens. Prepare yourselves my bovine brothers
I went all in on NIO call options expiring next week... bought in at the steal entry price or 53.96. Now I am diamond handing until we hit $420 next week. 👍
I think most of us are holding. We can long it cause we don't have a dte. I don't plan to sell for a few years at least, but we got er and nio day coming up in the short term to show us we made the right decision
I believed in the graph
Right? These people man. Many don’t realize that theyre competing with Tesla which has a massive competitive advantage and can take NIOs profits into the ground. Simple economies of scale example.
Yes in asia they are sleeping and when the market open they will realize holywhit it's so like buy buy buy on Monday and it will moon x3. I hate to admit it but it's a quite clever scheme. Get you and a bunch of people to inverse pump and dump so deinflate and buy? Right before earnings, right before weekend....my guess is the guys doing this are gonna keep dumping untill 2 mins before close and then buy and hold and make a fortune.
I have weeklies expiring worthless today, Jan calls down 30% (was 40% this morning) 🤙
Freefalling :(
[deleted]
I made some very bad decisions in the past 30 minutes
BABA should go up if JD results are good, most important thing atm is health of Chinese consumer economy.

If things look back to normal it should be good for BABA, JD, TCEHY, PDD, etc.
65 cents each way
Nio 35p for next week
Is there a news/rumor?
Yes, but my point was everyone was acting like they were in the red after this insane couple of days 🤣
[removed]
Please send so I can inverse them all, thanks.
Glad I got in at $14 :) Unless it drops below 14, then I am not glad.
Been saying this since yesterday. So you know its rigged 

NIO MAX PAIN for 11/13/2020 is drumroll

39
When China sends its electric vehicles, they're not sending their best. They’re sending cars that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing NIO. They’re bringing XPEV. They’re bringing LI.
We don’t have loss porn because we’re not selling. See you Monday.
You can tell he's a boomer based on his grammar
NIO stop!! They have a family!!!
Dam guys I told yall to look at IPOB this morning and look at it now just keeps climbing
⬆️
Nio gonna moon early next week on earnings, just wait
Imagine being that big brain
Rookie mistake
People who bought NIO:
Do you believe in the company? Or were you in for memes?
yeah im being touched by it
So... who's gonna try to buy this NIO "dip"?
Just a reminder the 50 day sma on nio is around $30
Yeah, I mean the volume of calls expiring today in the 50's was insane so not a big surprise its a red day but I was not expecting a negative 14 percent day.
Wow great insight
LMAO exactly my thought
SPY 353p 11/16 lets go bitch
Hopefully NIO is blind to the bullshit going on come ER
NIO calls duh
Steel Stocks on an afternoon moon mission. I wonder if this is a sign of something to come.
Opportunity to double down on NIO is here
[deleted]
I'm holding. Earnings should provide some reassurance for shareholders.
I wouldn't buy it here.
Can memes be dreams? 
NIO boys it’s time to buy
not gonna lie, i’m kind of retarded
YOLO
500M volume on NIO. Most I’ve seen
All I have to say is thank fuck I did not buy calls for NIO earnings at that dip earlier today
[deleted]
LMAO! No. Peloton is completely unpredictable. Strange thing is it usually holds up even when everything else is tanking.
Tell me why it’s over valued?
[removed]
Even that report was so hastily written like he made it in 10 minutes just before the market open?
Okay. Yea I mean obviously I disagree. I’m disagreeing to the tone of $25,000
You mentioned your interest in AI earlier. Have you thought about setting up your own software?
Id just use a free one like robinhood or webull.
If you played it right, you cashed in both ways on NIO
ohhh. a bit of an early pump? i wasn't expecting shorts to cover for another 25 minutes or so.
I wouldn’t give that guy a penny with his track record
Imagine the dump after earnings
[deleted]
Shot my 300 win mag 4 times and my shoulder feels like I got hit by a mule
goodbye nio gang
NIO chart this week is a giant middle finger
aged like milk in the desert
Goodbye NIO 😢
NIO hitting 20s again before 50s
always hold until profit retard.

stonks only go up over time
yo i deadass would go to jail if i was in a room with citron staff
Better get NIO puts before earnings. Absolutely zero chance the numbers match up with the hype.. 50/50 chance it goes up or down.
DONNNIEEEEEEE GET TF OUT THANK YOU calls printing
Ya hate to see it.....


Hahahaha jk you NIO fgts are the worst
I may have Fomo'd into NIO today but atleast it wasn't at $54 and a weekly at that.
IWM going vertical.
[removed]
NIO is going back to $3
Who posted the thing about NIO whales buying puts yesterday? Fucking prophecy has been fulfilled
Yoloing $NIO calls 3:59
Nah my cost basis is around $33. I’m fine
yea almost under 41 🤡 glad i got out when i did 😌
Extreme manipulation today
Ded.
I got into apple at split. I'm pretty happy still. 


Wish tesla is cheaper.
They also called NKLA a fraud case pretty early on
They likely sold a long time ago
Did exactly that!
Double down on BYND?
Probably, made money in the end so GG
And a five-page grade school production PDF
[deleted]
lol imagine posting UNREALIZED gains moments before they evaporate!!!
I had calls on that bump, but that was part of the corona rotation into tech, yes they had good earnings, but if u look at any tech stock in that period you see the same increase
PLUG GUHHH
[deleted]
Send them to me and I’ll provide some ass
NIO to 100 huh....guess nobody paid attention to what happened to HYLN
Good job!
[removed]
last pump it touched 23 briefly and settled around 20.5. It's at about 20 now... so I think longer dated puts are a smarter play -- cheaper and the lockdowns / rona cases are going to create a lot of downward pressure on the stock. 

Buy some puts for 2 weeks out. Maybe some FD calls if you want to vaccine yolo. If/when it pumps, then go up to the tits in puts.
[deleted]
America are at war vs China
NIO(chinese)shares sold to US fcking retard investors who are fcking idiots.


Why the fck start real war when you can just take their(US) money in legal way.
$41? Lucky
shorted LI and Xpev yesterday.. got cucked took a loss..  was too scared to short it again today.. daaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiimn loook what a drop

&#x200B;

fukin pussy hands
>One article of a dude saying NIO isn’t worth a buy and y’all just jump ship. I’m long on this bitch. Take me to $100

Rip money
[removed]
aaand jinxed it.
...after earnings.
You fucked up big time man
Butt plug 🍑
The only support was at 41, idk what "supports" it was braking through in your eyes. Clearly shit at technicals
Well, it’s not so much kissing 44 as it deepthroating it. But don’t worry buddy, it can’t go any lower. Definitely not. Gonna be back over 50 by Monday open.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not happening kiddo 👶
spy up, everything else red. makes sense
Let's see what you're at now!

My puts +55%, not complaining
Smh
What matters is there are some angry whales who wanted an in that’s all. Real talk tho, NIO doubled sales in their last report and just like tesla the sales won’t justify the price
TSLA
[deleted]
I pray to god you are right
Calls that expire today. Most people know the stock will recover some Monday before earnings. It is a massive sell off today.
r/cautiousinvesting?
I'm tempted to at least grab one cheap call before close
Does NIO rise again after earnings? Hmm.
[deleted]
You doing 11/18s? I wanna throw a little at a single spy FD
Should have waited until EOD
[deleted]
I'ld inject it before market close and just hold it long term. Whatever happens AH, just remember: Stonks only go uppp
lol i panic sold once it broke 44. still profited off my fomo calls
This didn’t age well today
You might be right - but no one ever went broke taking profit
Is NIO going sub 40 by 3:30???
Best I can do is the stratosphere
Bawn **JORNO**
In theory, except NIOs fluctuations are too wild, it’s regularly doing plus/minus 7%
Something Citron released
Ooh concessions? Can I get a 🥨?
see them when I leave an extra dollar in your mom's g string.
This candle forming on the NIO weekly chart is the most bearish thing I've seen in a long time. This thing is done
After getting obliterated by TSLA I’ll never look forward to a stock split again 🤡
Doesn't seem like it but you know how it likes to rip up or down in seconds lately
I think so too but then it'll probably be back down by Monday.
I'm in same boat as you. Also bought some VIX calls.  I think we head to the bottom of the range.
NIO please hit $40 today so I can dump my puts
Printing? Lmao
So just need SPY to pull a NIO and im in business!
PLTR's current price of $15.45-15.55 has been cryogenically frozen and will be unthawed in the year 3020 when covid has finally been eradicated.
That is a long shot buddy, best of luck.
RIP
I have Netflix hoping for lockdowns again
F
Earnings next week:

b - before market, a - after market

Mon - JD (b), BIDU (a)

Tue - HD (b), ARMK (b), HD (b), JKS (b), SE (b), WMT (b), NIO (a)

Wed - LOW (b), TGT (b), NVDA (a), SONO (a)

Thu - CSIQ (b), M (b), HP (a), MCFE (a)

What's everyone playing? I'm thinking SE, NVDA, and TGT.
Do you think that the Asian ev market = NIO? Because if so you are the clown
Never dumps again mainstream said Wall Street refuses to accept reality. Spy 400 eom
[deleted]
#nio2zero
# niosubzero
[deleted]
Yea thats what short sellers do.

No secret.
I had leaps
 🧻 🙌

If i didnt sell i would have lost way more.

Gonna sit this one out and buy in later


1.5 k loss helped me scratch that itch.
Nice so I'm loading up on call options way OTM
Cup and Handle formed in BABA. BUY BUY BUY
Dont worry bro. You will have other opportunities to lose!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I wish I could turn my wife’s BF’s cum into cash :/.. is be a rich gentlesir..
Fuck u spy. Pandemic + recession = spy moon? Market makes sense
why didn’t you sell at 53 this morning ..
im leaning more towards calls
Me: High af buying nio calls having no idea what im doing***
If you hurry, you can follow me on my next plays.
**First name IN, Last name Shambles**
She’s breaking through supports left and right. Take your tendies, drop the NIO anchor and get back in when it’s at a reasonable price. Or find a new stock, seriously, it’s not looking good fam.
Buying plug at 25 this morning is the easiest money I’ve ever lost
yes
Just bought nio dip :)
Why is AMD a fucking boomer stock all of a sudden???
Pton is so fucked. Def would sell if I were you
Joe takes Georgia - moon
Nio is going to end the day at $40
when is the NIO vaccine going to be announced today?
[deleted]
The last 8 days was the run up buddy... guessing you missed it?
Hell no you must be stupid you think a 26% drop is natural from today's high.. CITRON MADE NKLA FALL 50%+
Looks like this sub needs a dedicated PTSD and grief counselor
Netflix 520c November 20 how cucked I’m i ?
Woooow, gl man
NIO will moon with a Trump concession?
[deleted]
Still over an hour left boys.  Get your helmets on.
"I asked a friend in China, apparently model 3 is doing big discounts in China this quarter to compete with Nio/Xpeng's pricing and so far when price is similar, model 3 is still a no brainer for Chinese customers due to its western brand status."

Dont doubt the musk
Hopefully yeah. But still which would you recommend
$15k-ish isnt exactly gainporn worthy. Might be gain jcpenny bra ad worthy but I would hardly call it pornog.
[deleted]
Wtf man, why’d u sell
How much you want to bet that Citron opened NIO short positions that closed today and bought shorts on the runup for cheap and then released their report this morning to reap tendies on Friday?


Dudes trying to shake out the calls.
True but then you’re going up against pajamatraders that have a considerable leg up on most people here. And it takes serious collateral.
MMs crushed NIO hearts and now trying to push Dow to new record.
Yeah dump AAPL and SQ and pump...Dillards and Nordstrom... no thanks
Nope cause I switch to puts sorry
Only cool if you bought them seconds before the green dildo popped in
Why does this happen every single time that I buy...
I’m loaded with spy puts too fuck it lol
Lmao
Ok Citron, you win. Sold my call for like 16% instead of 270%. Wild ride. Should’ve kept 💎👋🏻 in hindsight obviously but I’m done gambling. Back to theta gang
All up to earnings after citron
What a volume on NIO.
Buy TSLA sub $400 and sell at 420.69 

Easy money 💰💰
They should post awesome numbers next quarter but it doesn’t seem to want to break $120. It’s just been consolidating forever.
Guys. Imagine a stock split on baba. 8 to 1
Buy more puts right now to make up the loss
You ever heard of stop losses my friend? They saved my tendies this morning and I got out only a few minutes after the peak. Since robinhood (and I think most platforms) only do limit stops and no trailing stops for options, just update them each morning if you're bullish or at EOD if you're bearish. Just gotta watch out for after-hours gap downs which might skip over your stop price and no one is buying for your ask because it dropped so far
[deleted]
SPY 350p 11/18 Inverse me for free money, account -%75 one last yolo
same....i have so many calls
[deleted]
WHY IS PLUG DRILLING 😤
[deleted]
Mah hart muh sole.... muh wallet.
Yeah Citron already fucked me up the ass, I don’t need the FBI knocking on my door to make it worse
Are you me?!?
NIO looks like a big ass middle finger the last 2 days
Gotcha, yeah makes sense. I’m not sure what to make of airlines and cruises rn
what other pumps have you successfully.. pumped?
Who said they were having a good morning with they NIO 60c 0 DTE during premarket 

How you be
One can hope...
NIO ER is on 17/11/2020...just sayin’
Can I suck your fucking cock ?
It is not only down because of Citron. Today’s price action meant a lot of people thought the price wasn’t justified and sold off. Use as many clown emojis as you want lol. Sad
Monday pre-market
That’s it, sold my NIO, goodbye chyna
Nio set up for earning, watch it flood on monday 45-55 easy
[deleted]
[deleted]
Closed my 11/20 38Ps for profit today.
You’d be dumb not to and retarded to stay in
You got this man
I didn’t have calls either, I just sat it out lol
What is this PDF you're referring to?
[deleted]
Nio makes you broku.
this is the best nio dip to buy, dip retail buyers gonna eat this coke monday for those lovely weekly lottoes
2 bagger on NIO puts from yesterday. What’s next boys?
Alright, thanks man
Now that you all switched to NIO PUTS it is going to moon.
[deleted]
Hahahahahahaha
To be fair, everyone knew it would implode some time soon. The article just accelerated its demise
ZM is gay.
I missed the actual report then, cause I was like damn that is lackluster. I will have to read the report.
Gonna moon EOD ??????!!!
I am an autist not a car scientist
Some people live to be over 100, is that good genes? I think it depends on more context which I don’t feel like getting into while I’m on break from work.
we don't got time for wrinkled brain moves like that!
Took a 2k loss on nio puts. If i held wouldve been up 12k
[deleted]
Don't know if this guy is for real...having spent a short amount of time in wsb I think he is
Added then as well, had more funds clear today
Is spy dumping this afternoon?
They hurt me bad
lol cope
Bc he got in at a cheaper price than you and wants you to make the price go up
A Nio hand touches the beacon!
Jesus IPOB is ripping
Yeah true, long term bigly gains, good luck, I've just had bad luck with ATVI Leaps.  I just think it's going to need some news to break out of this channel, as the record numbers have 0 effect
How is AMZN eroding and near-flat when restrictions are back on? I have 3 12/18 3050C and 2 12/18 3010P and it's just annoying that rotation trade canceling out stay-at-home so I'm sitting on a shitty strangle and the only winner is theta gang.
im loading zm calls
Calls or puts
Tgt fool
I love going on cruises. No where else and you drink and gamble for 7 days straight and never have to worry about driving
black monday in 3 days
It doesn't really matter which brokerage you use because they will all report the same -99.99% change in value
Maaan this whole page just funny. I do not take not the slightest thought (even if it’s the smartest) seriously— when coming from this page 😒
Nio plz go back to 45+ and I’ll promise I wont fomo again 🥺
Cool citron, just put a fucking brick wall in front of nio train. 2000$ loss in hours from those fuckers
When do we bounce back above 50?
Looks like the market is loading up with value plays in a yolo hope for vaccine news on sunday
Bought at 45 but I’m fucked too
Trump is prob gonna concede this weekend. Buy calls
Which subreddit do you think you're on?
I’m so nervous
Thoughts on tesla next week?
Baba recovering somewhat next week
[removed]
Netflix calls or Tesla calls...if you HAD to pick one? Which one
I’m 100% sure that is not going to happen tomorrow.
 

They did the same with Tesla and Shopify. Go look up the articles and check the stock price now. Andrew Left is a poser lmao.

Buy the dip you morons
Drill Team 6– SPY vulnerable to severe attack. Thank you.
FSR, SOLO, etc aren't going to sustain current prices.
[deleted]
Bought 2 yesterday for .67 then it opened at .15 this morning. I sold at the first 44 test for 1.65 and now its trading at 3.40. Left 500 on the table smh should have let it run
saturday?
[deleted]
Luckin coffee topped out at $50 also... just saying
Okay, now we've gone full retard.
NIO resserection
Look at it this way, if you just ignore what you bought it for...you've made at least $1 on every contract :D
4shares at $49
There's always more margin 🌝
Real retard energy coming from this post
Citron was one of the biggest pumpers of China EV's and they bailed out saying the valuation is insane and a $25 price target is fair
This shit not even Chinese. It literally says Korean tea in English on the label.
Bring NIO back to $2!
If you can day trade them then yes. I can see a 2 percent day for the usual Monday gap up
I’m still profitable. So wanna know if stock is anyone’s long term bet or not?
Yeah... Tomorrow
same. honestly i've been trying to get rid of them through covered calls and haven't succeeded yet. and i dont have the heart to just sell them off directly since i've had atvi since 2012.
I’ve got plantair at 16.7, should I dump now or hold long term. It seems pretty stable. Another stupid move by me 🤡🤡
[deleted]
Should I sell my BYND puts now?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nio today is like setting up the expensive China on the dinner table and pulling off the tablecloth at normal speed.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtlf6x
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtlf6x) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ZerohourX3, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
iloveoranges3
Brolitano
Additionally, the stock six months ago was at 63 and now it is 77. I am sure that record sales and player accounts caused that surge in pricing. It wasn't guesswork.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Green for the day because of NIO puts. Red all time still. Balanced as all things should be.
I'm waiting for the Luckin Coffee style rug pull
NIO is now around where it opened the week. As long as you weren't an idiot that went YOLO on weeklies you should be fine. The collective EV hype drove price way up and the Citron article made people panic sell but majority of shareholders are still institutions. Support will reflect that going into ER. If they beat earnings it may cause another FOMO run before NIO day but long term it shouldn't be less than $40. This is a good time to buy in if you legitimately believe this is the Chinese TSLA
Made 600% gain and ~3k+ today. I should’ve never gotten calls :/
maybe calls, with trumps operation warp speed and upcoming mrna news
the loss porn is gonna be crazy today
Markets up bigly
To be fair the only green position in my port today is a theta play...
I sold 11 of them :(
[deleted]
For sure. But uppies or downies is the million dollar question
I bet you wish you actually did this
Better be covered calls
Yeah if you count the alleged illegal votes
Who all bought NIO at the top? Come now, I know I'm not the only one.
Lol nope. RIP - NIO 54
I BETTER FUCKIN SEE THE NIO LOSS PORN
How can one PDF tank NIO. Crazy. Maybe it was overpriced after all.
Yeah I'm no english native speaker so I wasn't sure what it's called. So which one do you use for example?
CCL had a public offering of shares as soon as the stock went up a few dollars at the start of the week. If that doesn't tell you the state of these Cruiselines. I don't know what does.
lol why am I loaded up on SPY Puts... guh! lol should've just went with the scarier play... NIO puts
U cant even remember the time I've seen something more retarded.
You convinced me bought 3K worth of shares for quick tendies let's see..
Do they report before or after market?
NIO earnings on 11-17. Will it run up on Monday?
Tomorrow is Saturday
I doubt it will, considering tomorrow the markets are closed.
They hurt so good
[deleted]
I just want someone to superimpose Kamala Harris’ face on a koala and shade the whole thing shrek green. 

Meme that Green Energy Kamala Bear.
NIO is fRee mOnEy
Nice put play, but that 60c is gonna hurrtt. All EVs are down today and that's expiring in MAY?! Bro you're gonna sit through 2 earnings reports and NIO day and you think it won't reach $60 by May?
Haha with $91B... assuming the position didn’t take over 25% of the total market cap it limits the companies... my guess is the company is Apple and it’s a click bait title saying Apple is a 5G play cause of their new phone which although wrong is not necessarily false
Sold for profit 😉
I guess NIO is fighting agent Smith.
That feeling when even going into NKLA would have been better than NIO calls
u/savethisvideo
They never learn. 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
Askin a lil fukin late bud
Nio puts*
Do I sell my $41 NIO shares I bought Wednesday or do I hold over weekend hoping for earnings bounce?
Honestly guys just take it "easy" and trade the futures. No theta, easy to model risk/reward, overnight exposure. Just simple.
The weekend of lockdown announcements
Fucking hell
Pfizer is a “sus” company now it seems.
Bruh, nio is down yeah, but its been down for what, 3 hours so far? Check back in when nio drops continuously through ER, then I'll give you props
Writing covered calls that are now going to have to be far OTM, with lowered IV will make me a certified bag holder with low premiums.

Brutality.
ZM gonna pump next week after virus numbers sink in?
Ffs.   Learn the basics of trailing stop loss orders.  You don't have to constantly watch a stock all day everyday to keep resetting your stop loss level. Computers can do that for you if you'd just master the art of trailing stop losses. Everyone spends time buying, but far few try to master the art of getting good at exiting and setting conditional brackets.  Nio would have been the perfect stock to set a conditional order on while it was running so that you could have found the top and sold before the tremendous drop.
Puts?
That's power to the people
One article of a dude saying NIO isn’t worth a buy and y’all just jump ship. I’m long on this bitch. Take me to $100
Make a profit % and take take take. Live to fight another day you fucking idiot
Anyone know how to recover from a -69% loss today?
shit the partnership announced 2 days ago? Bouta pump?
he didn’t sell. last update 20 mins ago he said still up 50k

it dropped another 2 dollars in last 20 mins. he prob up 20-30k range now
Yeh suits probably will pump it to squeeze shorts, calls are likely going to hit simply bc you are in the minority rn
SELL! SELL! SELL!
buying calls at the top, selling at the bottom. the wsb way
SPY puts??
NIO stock holders, y’all staying in? Or cutting ur loses real quick?
PDD are u kidding me.. look at this sleeper flying into outer space
I bet NIO bounces back real nice tomorrow at open (pls)
😴 won georgia -they're calling it
Ya'll still talking about Nio, ya'll need to learn to let it goooo
i've done more retarded things than bought .1 delta weeklies
That's called a buying opportunity. 😎🤣
[removed]
NIO HOMOS SEETHING LOL
Only thing substantially up for me today  is solo
It can be a disaster for sure, especially weeklies.
uh yeah JD, buddy, look, just pretend you are value for today. How does that sound?
This sounds reasonable
Imagine buying NIO at $54 lmaooo
Fuck yes i did at open then got 0dte puts at 45. Fuck me too easy. Done w NIO now
what a ride today has been. fun now very much not fun.
Guys someone please close the market .... my nio calls are dead
$NACP ?
ccl looks like a 10 bagger play
Bottom dude is is trying to pump and dump and is a bottom.

Top dude is a retard who thinks that we listen to smart brains and is also a bottom.
[deleted]
puts on tardation glasses

"im diamond handing these NIO calls"
Bought NIU instead by mistake. I’m good bro
Yes my SPY 362 11/16 FDs are printing (only x10 for 12 dollars each)
[deleted]
F
NIO -13%, what a shock!
Need a $100 play for next week cmon retards, winner gets $10
same. and it feels so shit

THE GREED
Is he sure that wasn't coke?
watch NIO bounce back bigly after burning all the degenerates
This should go on the back of an eddie bauer t-shirt.
Ironically NKLA is up today. Thing won't die
Usually bearish, but read the Pfizer website. 3rd week of November the FDA comes out with its reports and peer reviews. Short squeeze again for travel and non covid stocks
Thank you.
Good luck man, I was looking at IWM puts earlier. Wish I had that kind of capital to play with. You got it!
Ok that's kind of funny . Take my like
[deleted]
CBAT is next wsb move from NIO. US corona cases are up and we have a chinese lithium company with a ticker called CoronaBAT. there's simply no way to lose. no need for DD
FAFO
I’m only gay for NIO! Burn baby burn 🔥
Rough day
Yep pretty much how it works. Buy expiration further out in the future and it won’t fall dramatically like that.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/babybrazil the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Don’t doubt the evs
I will get some Bullet Bourbon!
Any other NIO bulls stoked on this drop? I can get back in at a price that I want. $50 resistance? Who's that. $45 resistance? Never heard of 'em. $40 resistance? Bob's your uncle

The call prices are tanking, puts are up, does this mean any potential downside from earnings will be hard to gain value with a put, come Tuesday? I have a feeling with this pullback, people are gonna be more hesitant since it can swing pretty wildly and isn't a total "stonks only go up," so the retail investors probably aren't going to make this surge as fast as it just did but I think short puts until earnings then long calls might be the way to go.
How many of you diamond handing nio calls?
I’m sure it would but I don’t think the affect will be that pronounced in either direction
*brokerage
RIP, it's all good we'll get those gains back after the earnings  😎
nice
Even tho I sold my NIO calls yesterday, today still hurt
who lost money today 😎🤝
Your silly if you don’t think imma yeet everything I got at NIO. Very nice dip to buy
So, aNIOways, are people buying on this dip?
Can’t get in, single seater BS.
Same, bought the top with a 12/11 50C
Lol to be fair citron research was done by Andrew Left. He defended  luckin coffee at $60 pt. 

But pretty happy. I’d be a buyer around the low to mid 30s. It’s been trading on momentum since then
Yea always straddle the risky ones
I got downvoted so hard for saying to short NIO lmao
Guy I work with keeps booing cruises and they get cancelled. How did this shit pump? 🤣
One of my biggest losses was from selling TSLA calls when it ran up (pre-split)
Is ivr leaps good sir
This didn't age well
NIO chart starting to look like NKLA
While I appreciate the joke, looking at the six month chart, clearly there is no evidence that the stock can't appreciate.
Why though.
down 1.5k on nio, it's over
i wouldve thought the pullback was on monday but i guess not
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fomo is always the best strategy, thats how you find the top!
Wow it's that easy. Thank you
I was more referring to looking at a simple RSI chart, but you can dig deeper into foreign companies using their Form 20-F
Must have been a hell of a hit piece on NIO...
We heading to high 30s
Zoom goes up next week with all this Covid news, then dies after everyone refuses to lock down again
I mean yeah.. but please explain what you mean?

yes, I have no idea wtf I'm doing, but I ain't afraid to admit it and ask
25 🤷🏻‍♂️
Cause Becky and Beyoncé say so
[deleted]
lol me too, don't sell it for a loss, hold it till next week if your holding Nov 18/27 calls
Nov 20? I may have bought them.
Loo
My nio fds are done
Also Increased my holdings on the recent retrace, my long exposure is much larger now. I didn’t take offense so didn’t see you as a Dick. This game is play differently for many people. Everyone has their own winning style. This is how I play. Some People would settle for a rental shore house In WildWood NJ (Wall Street movie reference just in case you are too young and didn’t get that). Maybe it was my mistake for posting here on Reddit. seems like everyone here is a Robinhood person or a green newbies. No offense to you if you are one, if you are not then you know where I am coming from, Be well. Later
Update -14%. Too late for the other half of the globe to short this shit so maybe they will pump it overnight.
The world is ending!!! NIO stock is back to levels not seen since Wednesday!!!! Market crashing!!!!
This is what I would do, however all my cash is in PLTR rn
[deleted]
Just don't go to mars, if spacex is first.
[deleted]
NIO puts 😍
Keep in mind this is the same company that came guns blazing at Tesla and Shopify. Andrew Left is a sad poser and deserves no credibility.
I am down for the day instead of up 3k
yea it means there was no one stupid enough to buy them before but now there is
Anyone playing SOLO? Lots of unusual options activity just now. Mostly calls. Cheap EV stock which I’m not usually a fan of but it’s only $6 a share for stocks
Well fuck My calls
The ones he didnt like, so all of them 😂
It opened the week at ~$41.50 and low was in the high $38s when it pulled back earlier this week. Support should be somewhere in that range.
ahahaha thanks for your money stupid americans, China numba one 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
I'm thinking a Monday push followed by a loss of momentum end of week. 45 by next friday
A new generation of XPEV and Nio bag holders were just born
What do you mean not today?  The calls are the same price as they were this morning when it was $49
NIO we hardly nio you

RIP
MM will push spy to 362, get your calls now

Edit* 362+++would not be surprised to see 380 soon
I love that you’re making a stink about like 1 black owned company yet you’ll go ape shit over chinese stocks.
go for it. i've seen crazier strategies on this sub.
Was probably a good move. I'm too deep in BABA so instead I'm doubling down.
Y'all better get into PFE before its vaccine gets EUA...
Time to buy?
vaccine talks keeping boomer spy afloat
Buy calls on both
F
And thats why you shouldnt invest in chinese stock except BABA.
90 contracts for 57,780 now. sheesh.
Short cruises lmaooooo murica is on the verge of lockdown and this shit is still going up
Sold my Nov 20 45p when NIO was 50....oops.
All my homies HATE citron
I wasn't gonna, but as these prices I'm buying NIO back eod.
Why are you so angry you fucking clown lmao
BNTX was the way to go on that one.
Guh
Is MRNA a good alternative play to PFE?
I haven't reached autistic level
[deleted]
So many money making opportunities today
Loool
Damn if you loaded up on NIO 0DTE puts an hour after open you have huge balls 

And made a lot of money
Let’s all win lottos and buy nio calls at 3:00 real quick, I’m so smart
Those fuckers at Citron can just print cash whenever the fuck they feel like it.
Crazy how a four-paragraph document that looks like, yet has less factual data than a middle-school science fair project can do that to a stock. Wild.
Can’t go broke taking profits
Jesus what a tank job on NIO
scary as fuck, but nio is at 10 day vwap, could get a bounce....
Lmfao
Why is ACB trading sideways
u/meetmyphantoms in shambles.
Heh NIO put go brrrr
Pete nafarian says it's about to soar
-99% calls, sells, -99% puts
POST earnings next week and let's be honest, are you eating more cereal and cookies during covid? You can bet your ass that AMERICA is.
I picked up 92 contracts of 3/19 IWM $150p today. $40k bet. 

Witness me.
Do you think I have an emotional attachment to the stock? My positions printed. I don’t care.
WHO BUILT THE CAGES JOE,
Baba needs to get back to 300 by 3:55
I'm dying lol half of WSB got wiped out today
"Don't buy options, sell options" they said, "it's a safe way to make money" they said. "Be the casino, casino always wins" they said.
 
Couldn't be more fucking wrong.
The masters.com website is legit
3 day trades in a week. Thanks a ton Nio you sexy fuck. Recovered my losses from Apple’s shit on September
Removed NIO from watchlist and had to refrain myself from visiting wsb this morning to not fall for the FOMO. Boy Im glad I did
lol NIO going to 40 EOD
Does anyone pay for the CNBC "pro" content?  Is there anything more useful there than what I get for free on wsb?
I believe in you 357.4 resistance
Identity politics is the most virtue signaling racist crap ever. I’ll never feed into such nonsense.
Yes that NIO 11/13 55c never hit.
I knew I should’ve bought NIO puts.. guh
Bulls trying to rationalize the NIO drop as MMs just trying to screw put holders is sad. It’s an overvalued company that went on a monstrous run. This is an overdue correction. You just got greedy holding your calls.
Going to tendie town 🤠
Nio at same price as last Friday.
You guys all sold out of NIO this morning, right? You guys all knew that they were at an unsustainable level and were going to pull back, right? Of course you did! This place is full of cautious and intelligent investors who don't mind leaving a few dollars on the table as long as it means locking in profits. Im proud of you guys!
[deleted]
Why cry about nio when you could buy fsr
Can we do it via SPAC or ICO?
Edit: added March $420C
GUH was up 7k today since starting and after the NIO crash I'm -5k
Well that’s another expensive lesson, I should’ve taken profit on my Nio 50c. RIP to what could’ve been
Sold my NIO 60c may2021 for 1000$ profit at open then got 2 45p 0dte. Just sold for another 1000$. You arent fucking my asshole china
How much was the peak tho
GRANTED
Same dude, I only bought 1x $40 put yesterday, thank fuck I didn't panic dump it this morning.

Not really that much money, but enough for me to throw it away on a bottle of Yamazaki
No I sold covered calls for 25 next Friday. Profit either way but I’d like to hold onto my shares without having to buy back the contract 😾
Half the sub gets wiped out again
This guys fucks
I sold my NIO 40P at the first dump… 😫
TINA
sector rotation from nio to spy
Is the stock price of berkshire hathaway (BK) correlated with Apple? Say, I think the new cpus save Apple money and help their profits. Can I buy calls on BK (having 40% in Apple invested)?
Could you explain to us retards what this means plz
[deleted]
I have been just selling covered calls since Q2, mainly weeklies or a couple weeks out. Not even close to being assigned once...
Don't let the NIO dropping distract you from SPY mooning.
weed stocks were too volatile so instead we invested in stocks of weed and are now farmers
lol picked up a few LI $40c and $45c cuz why not.

strike didnt even exist yesterday. that's gotta mean something right!?
NIO holders in shambles
Morgan Stanley upgraded from 13 to 15 suck my dick
[But can you roll it like one?](https://youtu.be/QQh56geU0X8)
[deleted]
Meanwhile my alibaba calls getting fked
Lol
Maybe JD will be like PDD.
TDOC what the fuck man
[removed]
psa: a green background won't increase your profits
I’ve been watching since 280. Couldn’t resist today. Figured I could sell calls against it for a while.
NIO puts were the play of the day.
[deleted]
It’s going back to 30
Trading Fraternity reminds me of this classic: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzTikg0z9jw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzTikg0z9jw)
nah... i bought.... PUTS!!!
Honest thought's, are China's EVs dead after this slaughter? Or will there be a rebound next week?
Seriously thinking about selling 11/20 NIO 37 puts. 38 will be strong support. IV is ridiculous
Solo needs to die
[deleted]
funniest shit ive ever seen
Nah, don’t think it matters, Biden has enough electoral with or without GA.  Could be an issue if GA goes blue on both senate seats though.
Still has a market cap the size of GM which is absurd
PSA for those who wanted to get in on DDOG calls a few days ago. It’s going down there today, get in 💯
The only Daddy dick I'm seeing is Xi so I ran to JD real quick yesterday.
Im shorting NIO, XPEV and NKLA, the previous two are just over hyped decent company, the third one are pure garbage to the core
u/meetmyphantoms how is your NIO position?
It’s insane. I wouldn’t buy just yet. Wait till it actually reverses.
is NIO fking serious. Last hope is Earnings hype to drive this back up for my 11/20 calls
[removed]
The EV war begins....
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nio buyback under 40? When’s the bounce
Ouch
i sold 2 cents over what i paid yesteday and cashed out before close.
How will BABA be affected by JDs earnings on Monday morning?
[removed]
Holy ish, NIO all the way back to Wednesday's prices!
[deleted]
YES NIO DIE YOU FUCKING CHINESE SCAM
What do you guys think of DKNG?
lol happens all the time.. idk why the fuck.. i think each trading platform is designed to take our money. i bet if you and i make the opposite on the same stock we still lose.. the house always wins buddy
20 today 20 next time it’s red (probably Monday)
Are we buying $NIO puts for the weekend or is that gey?
Max pain on NIO going in today was 39 👀 MMS always win
NIO still at 50?



NO
ITS
OVER
If you actually look at citron’s nio report, it looks like a sophomore in high school made it on the shitter the night before the due date hahahaa
I just bought 10 contracts and the bid price just shot up. Did I just manipulate a stock?
How them calls?
Looks like my grandma portfolio full of bonds
LMAO they really took NIO to 54
got my leaps
Pump
Once again proving you’re a butthurt fucking weirdo lmao dunno why you got so upset
Your poor nio got fucked bitch puts be printing harder cunt
40. I'm literally erect.
Used car appreciated like $1k more than I bought it for. It's not a great purchase but i did my research
holy fuck do i feel attacked. Canadian remembrance day was a blur
Lost 1.5k on my nio gains.

Hopefully i can keep my hands in my pocket
holding baba over the weekend. how would vaccine news affect it?
Bearish positions on spy suck
NIO going back to the shadow realm
Does anyone know where I can stream the Masters??
11/13s?
When did you enter these positions?
no - buy ODTE while they are cheap... get in now, don't wait for the bounce!
I’ll be sippin tea In your hood
Sold it literally 5 seconds later when I saw it break into 42. Only lost a couple bucks.
Let’s start  WSB EV company with no designs or assets and take it public. We can cash out by next Friday after we dump it on these fucks.
Remember guys, gains are temporary, but holding on to stocks after buying them at the all time high is forever
ATHs today
Cum to $FSR with your tendies
Yeah I’d like a word with you in a room with no windows mothefucker
It’s going to moon
[deleted]
[deleted]
If u think low/no risk investments should return 10% then yeah that makes sense but in real world no
Well I missed out on 3k by selling my NIO puts way too soon. Happens every time...
And?
Hope your nio calls ate shit today.
Lol these fucking companies are delivering 5k vehicles a month. The valuation is actually retarded. NIO was like the 6th most valuable car company when it hit its peak. NIO+XPEV+LI were combined valued more than GM+Ford+FCA. Everyone’s trying to ride the next Tesla wave. I got out of my shares first thing this morning up 3.5k. Fuck it. I’ll buy back in when they’re back down to 20-30. The most retarded thing is Li is probably the most promising out of the 3, but everyone is on NIOs dick for whatever reason.
https://www.reddit.com/r/palantirbets/[https://www.reddit.com/r/palantirbets/](https://www.reddit.com/r/palantirbets/)
[deleted]
NIO (NIO) drops to levels unseen since Wednesday
:/
Look. NIO was a great trade $30 ago but at the end of the day, TSLA is growing 60% faster in China. Everyone is always trying to find the next Tesla but in the end, they get Nikola’d.
It always eventually reaches 420 might as well but now
Yes EOD pump for no reason please
Probably
[deleted]
Spy 345p
Rope
I bought at $8 in April.. closed out my position today cause boring
I was a retard and sold early and fomod a few times. This morning I got a 60c 12/18 at around 51😢 hbu?
nah
Nice ride... i woke up late
[deleted]
Just as my NIO and BYND poooots are starting to print SPY freaking moons.
BULLISH
Boomers win again
25% swing in one day, fucking nutty
Buy 100 shares on GME yes or no?
It has too much attention and people waiting for entry points imo
I made 160% profit, sold at 53 lmao. Eat my cock.
What a disgusting crash from NIO , I sympathise with the ones who FOMO’d the top
I was gonna say his manhood
I'm torn. Definitely bad virus news over the weekend, but moderna might drop that vaccine news too. I have spy puts and mrna calls, so hopefully covered either way
Nio puts were such a no brainer play this morning everyone loses sight of the big picture so quickly by fomo
This is funny because I bought a NIO call this morning at opening. It triggered my limit making me exactly $100 which I turned around and bought a $40 put with. Stonks!
I meant in the same sense as water resistant, not proof.

Just some blood types have a harder time than others, but when I googled it that second time I didn’t find anything about it.
Jesus green everyday day all day
And it’s retard strength that powers these EV stocks
NIO CHOMOS ABSOLUTELY SEETHING AHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I don't need it to hold up to scrutiny. Just a meme stock caught in a trend with the rest of the EVs. I simply went in because of NIO's earnings on the 17th. Was thinking this might run up until then?
Fine wine...
Well, totally out of NIO now.  Time for it to runnup.  Missed out on a few K in potential profits, but made about 4k still on a fairly small position
306......
nioooo NO
My NIO 55c call I sold is printing
Salty NIO commies downvoting everything in the thread
fuckin a sold those puts 5 pts ago
All the DD i need tbh
[https://i.ibb.co/CsZ4H4q/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/CsZ4H4q/image.png)

Another Record-breaking CCL dark pool share print just in.

24,291,000 | $15.77 | $383,069,070

Earlier:

9,996,067 | $15.84 | $158,337,701

10,000,000 | $15.00 | $150,000,000

CCL Dark + Lit Pool Stats:

* 11/13/2020
   * $777,445,198 in shares
   * 49,842,857 shares
* 4/2/2020 (previous record)
   * $391,445,198 in shares
   * 47,690,719 shares
Bryson is every amateur golfer's dream
NIO is for Diamond Hands only. TSLA at $40 without China market not too long ago. Pepperidge Farm remembers.
[deleted]
What a fucking idiot.   
   
   
So just out of curiosity what stock?
What is this /investing. Next week $45 calls only
NIO $2 EOY
[removed]
Ouch
Same company that shorted square and it went on to double 3 months later lol
My “night off” from drinking is drinking only 6 beers...

Fuckin hell hahahahahaha. My SHOP calls are fucked in the ass too
🍌🐒🧠 NIO
nio just gonna go for a -20% today
Jeff Amazon is not
Went from 2k up to 3k down today. This is ok.
dat DOW doe.  looks like i picked the wrong week to sell CCs.
Yes nio, die.
[deleted]
Fuck Cintron the analyst named Left also said NVIDIA and Tesla were overpriced several years ago. He’s more retarded than we are
#nio2zero
And the double not going so well at the moment!
HAHA saaaaame!!
I thought she was part of the inventory.
Doubt it’ll dip below mid 30s
My profit is 2/3 what it was but I closed and hey profit is profit
bet, say less
[deleted]
MGM just chillin at +7% lol
[Ditto](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc6hs7y/)
Which one of you is Andrew Left?
yea pfe jumped from 38.17 to 38.40 in like mins.
GODDAMMIT I'm about to revenge buy puts on CNK.   
Actually not, I have learned my lesson about doubling down on stupid positions.
I wish I bought more NIO puts.
[deleted]
vaccine pump from moderna soon
LYFT was down also due to the California gig law but now that prop 22 has passed it is moot.
STOP THE COUNT REEEEEE
Damn Nio chill
dude, so ur calls are down like what, 70%? i know cuz i had so much leverage in feb and march calls, and got fucked silly
Big gap down that could see it at 35.  Monday will be interesting
Same. Sucks but gains is gains. You live to fight another day
all in on nio cuz this guy on stonktwits said its going to $60 next week and he got 25 likes
Get out while you can.
Low key might pick up Nio calls monday before earnings if it keeps dropping.
Favorite stock under $20 right now other than PK?
Power hour dump or pump?
That’s all they have left 🤡🤳🏻
40 is the new 50 🤣
RemindMe! Ten years "call this guy a retard"
Don't do that.
Um A shape ??? 🤞🏽
Liar
Just be glad you didn’t have calls like the rest of the window lickers here
well at least my NIO puts saved me from my SPY puts lmao
Only reason I upvoted was to hit that 69.
Holy shit is that what dd means? I always assumed it meant to double down.
Is there a chance NIO won't close at 55 today?
Figured I’d go peek at the NIO chart, lmao. Hope you boys sold
What PT are you hoping for in those 5? I'm holding long too
When it drops further?
Alright everyone on the SPY coaster put your hands up in the air and say *AAAA^(AAA^AA^A)!*
is spy going to drop even with stimulus news coming?
next week gonna suck 


“reality hits you hard bro”

(coulda been a camaro)
Damn I have puts on NIO and even I feel bad for the call holders lmfao. Ring the bell!
[deleted]
that last SPY bull just saved me so much money
[deleted]
Thought I got puts at the bottom this AM...turns out it wasn't the bottom. Big brain moves.
You, sir, are a true spud
Over 200% now
Well it started at like $4 right?  Maybe it will stop there 
😜
Oh god no I don't want to
Mt. Neo had a beautiful peak.  I visited it once.  Hope I get to see it again before I die financially.
WSB touch of death
NIO is decovering
I’m loaded with $7 puts
Apple gay
Lot of NIO butthurt bois going through the comments and raining downvotes.
you right fuck me I should mind my own business
[deleted]
Must be getting old. In my day would have girlfriend touch something else to get it red.   


WTF is wrong with you all?
Major OOF there, I bought more when it lowered to 47 because most days have had a dip then raise. Don’t listen to all the bears here posing as bulls saying it will raise again. I’ll believe it when I see it! I’ll hold for now because I’m great at making bad decisions
This is the weakest, small-peepee pump day on SPY I’ve seen in a while. Time to double down on puts
why was i such a pussy.. god damn nio bears what lambo?
Wait for it to collapse like a dying star? I'm here for a good time not a long time
ATVI will be at $78 on march 21st
You'd be surprised
Nothing wrong with doubling ur money.
Bryson takes so fucking long to hit the ball
That’s some pump and dump on CBAT.
Up 44% on no news
I sold 100 nio puts for about 115 each, 20 mins later there going for 300 a pop, fml
Yahoo comments sections are more toxic then mw2 lobbies don’t @ me
AYO Home Depot fellers, didnt yall say earlier that theres massive call buying for earnings next week? i been bleeding on this option since the election lol
pe ratio over 500????
Btw, thanks for obliterating my inbox
Perfect. I'm pickin up shares.
What is the operation warp speed update? Calls on travel over the weekend?
I’d be back in NIO in the mid 30s before that parabolic run happened
Michigan and Arizona, right?
Did almost the exact same thing lol. Thought we hit bottom and then panicked out of my calls
Worst part is I tried to jump back into some more when it was -3% but I got PDT restricted...TDA just lost me at least $500
It ain’t a loss til ya sell
Where is tsla going to go. It's been stagnant for weeks and has been dropping
except he's self made and his family doesn't own an African diamond mine lol
[removed]
Well there goes the 42 support. GG
Same, what’s your position?
[deleted]
That's government's fault.

Bezos has a fiduciary responsibility to provide the greatest value he can for his stockholders. That's how publicly-traded corporations work. 

Besides, I'd rather someone who's just a dick on earth than trying to be the emperor of Mars.
Fuck
[deleted]
Covid spiking and lockdown talk = PTON tanking. Makes sense
This is the top, gentlemen.

*lights cigar*
That's a GUH of the highest order.
Aww dammit, I knew it was flawed. What did I get wrong?
Delayed coronavirus vaccine news. Hints that Moderna is going to pan out as well as the announced Pfizer one are good signs.
HAHAHAHA LOOK AT NIO GO DOWN
how low of puts should i buy?
Position?
Who manufactures the car for them? Think I'll invest there
I haven't decided what to do yet, but things don't look too good for next week. That hit piece really pulled the legs out of that rally. Fucking Citron.
NIO just keeps dropping. Should’ve got more puts.
No shit
Got burned way to many times with this exact thinking.
Thats it NIO

Drill for pappa

I only bought 1 put but I need it to go like 50,000% so if it hits $5 I will make so much money
Rip
Google their sales cracker ass bitch
Apple amazon PayPal lulu pissing me off ode
My mind tells me sell before the ER sell off. I got hurt my PLTR with this so I've learnt my lesson
Things were so different before “the vaccine”
It’s a March 21 contract. We’ll see.
Just a matter of time. Far dated spy puts as a hedge bleeding  but 366 is the top for a while
Same, glad I sold calls and raked in so much premium. The only thing I wish is that I got a better price on reinvesting my credit. We may get back down to 25-30's soon.
eeeeeeee boooghttt? dammpt it
Vaccine next week baby boy
Oh dude that sucks, just think how melted your face could have been.
Sweater made of vomit
LOOL get fucked bitch
Nio is gonna finish -20%
Nio \\ shaped recovery
Lol
Absolutely.  Was gonna write some covered calls but I think I’ll wait until midweek after it gaps up Monday
Bruh, that 11/16 is gonna bleed 2/3 of its extrinsic value due to theta decay over the weekend and then when the day comes to sell, a lot of people can't buy 0dte options (depending on their platform), which limits your potential to offload that if it went the wrong way. Gatorade that for an 11/18 today at least so you don't get ruined by theta decay and can sell on monday
Imagine if covid killed 10% or more
Shareholders aren't fazed. This isn't even close to NIO's biggest drop and we have earnings coming up Tuesday. We'll be fine. Just another day in the office.
Got a little BIDU before the spike
[41](https://www.google.com/search?q=soytiet+43&tbm=isch&ved=2ahUKEwjw8p-coIDtAhWPTqwKHY24BlYQ2-cCegQIABAC&oq&gs_lcp=ChJtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1pbWcQARgBMgcIIxDqAhAnMgcIIxDqAhAnMgcIIxDqAhAnMgcIIxDqAhAnMgcIIxDqAhAnUABYAGC1SmgDcAB4AIABAIgBAJIBAJgBAKABAbABBcABAQ&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-img&ei=Cd6uX7DKLI-dsQWN8ZqwBQ&bih=600&biw=360&client=ms-android-huawei&prmd=minv#imgrc=5ofCUFwfPKVFbM)
God what a relief it would be. Then we wouldn’t have to hear his asinine ramblings anymore
yeah i think so. pre earnings run up next week is possible catalyst. as far as I'm seeing its just this Citron downgrade that is the reason for the sell off, caused panic and now the paper hands are leaving
Diamond hands
Jesus i am in all the wrong fucking tickers lol. Market is big green. I am big red🤡
I did the opposite in April and sold 10 shares of AMZN at 2040 and bought 15 shares GOOGL for 1050. Sold the google at 1570. Still kicking myself
Prob right
Didn’t lose any money but my profits just got nuked
I like how people on WSB told me buying some puts on NIO when it rallied to 42% in 3 days and making money on it is a lotto play , but them buying calls on NIO at 54 wasn't a lotto at all... and that I only made money because a "fraud" downgraded it because it rallied 42% in 3 days...
TSLA is growing 60% faster in China than NIO so yeah. I prefer the real deal and not some cheap knockoff. 

NIO is valued at $1.2m per car. That’s a bit dumb. It was a great trade $30 ago though. I’ll give you that.
Eurorich is going to have to come in and clean up the Ameripoors mess tonight
Earlier today I took Nio off my watch list cause it hurt seeing how hard it mooned & I didn’t want to succumb to FOMO. hmm
Rebound for nio? Is a straddle a good play?
You the Cheshire Cat?
https://www.itiger.com/?lang=en_US&_casValidated=true

Their website
same nice
Spot on.
I agree with you 100%, but you're forgetting that ATVI as a stock is absolute trash.  Shit just bounces between 78 and 82 regardless of record sales, player counts etc.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Jared2338 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
because in this market everything is made up and the covid dont matter
Just so you retards are aware. A 20% drop in NIO is not the same as a 20% rise.
do people even realize NIU is not the same as NIO? 

FUCK
https://twitter.com/Bogs4NY/status/1327328392191086596

Governors of 6 Northeastern states having an emergency summit this weekend to discuss #COVID19 policies with cases surging. Cuomo: "I believe the situation is going to continue to deteriorate over the coming weeks..." #nbc4ny
I don’t know😂 before this drop I was gonna sell before but now I’m not sure
[removed]
Knees spaghetti.  Moms heavy.
Amazon hasn’t done shit in 3 months wtf
Why are my JKS and DAR calls not receiving the 🅱️iden 🅱️ump?
why puts? is it going to have a massive drop?
No fun for Apple today
[deleted]
dude, what is the resolution on that screen?
Your wife can move in with me as long as she does all the dishes
Dont downvote all these poor innocents, just take out your stress on my comment, I accept it
People have been saying it's a steal since 290 but you're probably right.
F to the brothers who didn’t sell their NIO holdings this morning.
you dudes are hilarious, a one min one dollar move. on 357$ spy and out come the 'we gonna melt, face ripper inbound' lmao...fck as i type this 30% of the HUGE FOUR MIN PUMP has evaporated....look at the trump chart 2016-20...you really think there is melt up left compared to melt down....
A false prophet I tell you, promises of salvation were a sham. Heresy!
Shoulda lost some more.. more like.. tree fiddy
Then good luck getting algo wrecked from 9:30-10am every morning
Why are all the value stocks up today? Would’ve assumed the opposite
Sold my NIO puts +100% now they are 500% GUH
!Remindme to make fun of this fucking idiot
they announced the hand recount on monday or tuesday. there is no new GA news.
Damn that’s the classic Friday pump that just obliterates weekly put holders.
[deleted]
Holding.
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327331712578318340?s=19

Atleast a badger can't catch on fire.
Something is getting announced or something. Big moves happening rn
At this point, we’re better holding
Stonks up because Mango lost his ballot appeals 😂
Are you seriously using data from 2018 to talk about covid and comparing the 1-44 age group to the 25-34 bracket? That's beyond stupid. Your second link literally days influenza and pneumonia killed 1.86k people in 2018 between 1-44, while your first link says COVID has killed already more than 6.2k people on the same age group, with some possible fails in testing. Your links literally contradict your reply. Influenza killed around 500 people younger than 44 this year.

> , that only applies if you have the genes and habits to make it to 80 in the first place

Yes you fucking dense human being, the people that are dying from COVID are dying because they are ALIVE, therefore they had the genes to reach that age. Look at the ridiculous amount of excess deaths. They weren't going to die from other causes.
85c 12/4, but caution. i bought those on Monday when PFE news broke
this format is used for an edgy school shooter telling his friend not to come to school because hes about to waste some fools.   


Im assuming you were trying to threaten Citron, not to help them
I keep telling myself this every week :(
Apple is gay per usual. Tim is a disgrace
Your dip was last night...sorry!
I think it’ll be hard to break 400
Fair point but 3 days till earnings...
Honestly, why are travel stonks up? What did I miss? Or is this just the market being its delusional self as usual?
well guys, i dont see people here loading up on reopening trade calls... like ual and aal will confirmed be free on monday tuesday, dont fight the trend, ride it
$17 for 17 GE contracts? Please let me know when GE made a daily $10 jump, and let me know what options you were ever able to buy for .01 that weren’t insanely otm on the same day. Sorry, I smell bullshit.
If you'd sold @ $50 (high was \~$54) you'd have made $18/share and then could've bought back ~~@ $43 probs any time this afternoon~~ whenever this pig finds the bottom  No tendies if you're bag-holding.
[removed]
Hooo boy, good luck
NIO diamond handers, what are your thoughts on earnings? Holding through or sell before
BABA will be at least $270 by end of next week
I spy a joke
NIO is the youtubiest yahooiest comment sectioniest stonk ever.
My hearts weak
wtf is trump gonna say? We're approving the vaccine? Like everyone knows that will happen, feels like there's more downside risk with closures and shut downs over the weekend
totally for a company who actually sells vehicles I think trading past NKLA ATH is reasonable in this type of autist market, what are you a tesla fan boy?
Bought the 15.4 dip and gonna bag hold these shares for the next 5 years
that's what i mean - only major headline i saw was that but it doesnt really change what's going to happen
Been pissing me of for a while
That’s what you fucking brain damaged bears get stupid we told you a million times that MODERNA MODERNA MODERNA will release news and you didn’t listen now your puts will be 0.01 on Monday embarrassing kids
It took just 1 article to demolish NIO lmao I know I know,it’s still up a crazy amount YTD but shaving 20% off in a few hours is crazy
[removed]
Dear Joe Biden,

"premarket" should not exist.  It's just a way for institutions to screw us plebs.  Executive order nothing gets fucking traded at all before or after the fucking bell.
Not in this name for times and nickels. If that is what your goal is then take it, it’s yours. I thinking bigger, much bigger
I meant it was also a rotation we did this week lol
Did anyone actually read the article? There is absolutely nothing in there... just that NIO doesn't have a huge market share and TSLA's model Y pricing could potentially disrupt them... Clearly, last night's pump was manipulated... and then this news is dropped is no coincidence. I find it funny how everyone gets irrational when we knew everything in that article forever ago...
long dated ZM puts seem like free money
Rotation in to boomer stocks huh
The V shape recovery in the last week from FVRR is really something
[deleted]
Andy Left can eat many penises. JP Morgan, Deutsche Bank, Citi Group and a few Forbes 100 BILLIONAIRES backing NIO. 

$100+ Next Week. Mark it.
Some of these NIO memes on the front page are good shit.
rh glitched and bought two spy calls lol it’s good i’m up hahaha
Welp, doubled down on SPY puts and forgot about PDT. Wish me luck
https://www.businessinsider.com/forgetful-investors-performed-best-2014-9
ngl I fomo'ed and bought the dip @ -7% then cut my losses at .5%
SPY is rising faster than active covid cases right now
nio
Bought calls, now I'm homeless 🤣.
yeah, saturday will be a wild trading day
Hoping for a PLTR dip so I can buy more
It’s just greedy autists
Wait til Monday
I have calls and shares let's see,  sold half of my calls today... Pinduoduo did very good so JD should moon too
i’d say spy but who the tuck knows
All wfh stock drilling today while major tech also in the red with spy up over 1% with the fakest of all pumps. Not going to end well next week
who remembers the quad witch lol
You could be right but did you get leaps or what?
Man Citron made a bag on puts today with that article. FUCKING GENIUS.
NIO call holders by like "I got these cheeseburgers man, I'll suck your dick!"
[deleted]
It’s true it was so tempting to short nio but the IV so high. Cannot short these stocks, but you know eventually this sub will regret it. I am pretty happy with myself I bought a leap on nio while this sub was blowing it up. Yesterday people here got wayyy too bullish with their predictions. People were getting tons of upvotes saying nio would be 100 EOW. I bounced out at close yesterday when I seen that.
Kind of think the opposite in after hours.  Watch out for a Trump pump on vaccines at close.
This
Now that election's over with, considering going more thetagang. Tired of trying to time the bottom and getting burnt every day
Yup I'm buying the dip for now
You guys dumping your NIO shares also?
Got outta NIO at $45.  Hope I don’t regret that call next week.
me too....i can't stop buying when it goes up. help
APHA still not in US but will enter soon (just acquired sweetwater brewery). Israel looking like it will legalize soon (just signed a distribution deal there). 🚀if ya ask me
Sounds like a fellow autist - we know he’s trying to benefit on his peak price puts
Yo I literally just tested the cosmos and bought a worthless SPY put for funsies

Guess what happened to SPY

I think I actually understand how religions and superstitions are formed
That didn't happen. Georgia is doing a hand recount starting TODAY. It will be done on 11/20.
Buy the dip
You’re optimistic about BABA?
exactly wtf are these rich people smoking?

fucking fire of course
Redo?
Got in yesterday! Up 40% on calls 🥰
>Honestly wtf SPY. I don’t even know what to say anymore. We’re living in a god damn simulation

Feels like April all over
They couldn't have children.

But oh, how they tried.
Earnings come out next week. If they’re good you might be ok.
[deleted]
The market is forward looking. It's expecting everything will be fine 5 years from now so SPY 500.
all those chips for the vaccines
what the fuck is going on
I mean I thought BA an hour ago but they keep going up
Yep same and looking at watchlist really hard to see how that is.  GOOG and FB seem to be the big guys and FB just barely.  Everything else...
Since GME is paying off debt.  Are we going to see a credit upgrade before or after earnings?
[deleted]
Nio
Ugh I am just annoyed that I forgot to set a Limit sell for some of my Calls. They're date for May but they doubled and I was too busy playing fuckin' God of War.
You Nio cucks deserve this for betraying papa Elon !
+1% from its weekly open? Lol
I didn't realize I had a ticket to the moon
IT'S ALREADY PRICED IN BITCH
It does this 2/3 of the Fridays
Usually on earnings for stocks like these they return to a fairer value since traders who looked to get a short return on it have left.
This message brought to you by Crayola!
Why is zoom dying?
covid cancelled
lol, imagine being gifted the move in this stupid stock and not knowing when to get out. are you back at 0 yet?
Calls are doing great, thought you’d want to know
That's weird. Your long call should act as collateral. Nonetheless, I see it going up on Monday if JD crushes its earnings so I would just hold it lol
FSR is a pump and dump.
So SPY puts EOD lol
Ramen noodles
By Christmas bonus I mean selling off the gifts you receive from family.
Sold NIO at $53 and bought a put

I am the messiah
Robots touching channel walls
NIO has too many diamond hands on it to drop the ball. Buy the dip pre earnings.
Delusion is a helluva drug
Lol what kind of pump is this.

Thanks for making me 8 for 8 today on SPX trades!!! $6200 profits so far. I will try one more trade for another $1000 scalp.
I like it when you call me big BABA. 🎵
[removed]
The casino wins again lol
Why
Down 5k no big deal
WHY WONT SPY DIE


GUHH!!!
It was a single (citron) news so far + profit taking.  
Xpev, nio, li, same charts.  
I’m thinking it’s more a *temporary* political play rather than bad fundamentals, especially given earnings so far. + tsla mm aren’t very happy atm. If temporary, it will reverse and moon.
  
Tl;dr: not hertz - but only guesstimating atm.
I know how it feels to be recouping losses but hold out.
New to trading
Not sure if waiting is going to happen, I feel the big green dick of Daddy Ma heading our way soon.
This is the first dip.
Should have stuck with with all american WMT
My dog took a piss on the floor and it looked like TSLA symbol.  Good enough for me.
Why’d zoom stop drilling I know they want to go down to 300
It’s mango man talking about operation warp penis at 4
Cant wait for today’s memes.
What’s good for puts now??
Big money unloading bags and getting ready to buy back in next week
WTF amazon is shitting the fan !!!!!!!!!! while tech is rallying. to think i was holding googl at 1400 and sold at 1500 and swtiched amzn. what a clown iam
I came here to see nio kids diamond hand 1500%+ to broke.   Will i be disappoint?
Honestly wtf SPY. I don’t even know what to say anymore. We’re living in a god damn simulation
I got some puts... cause WHAT the fuck last time we pumped 1pt in 3mins we dumped hard!
Dow  new record today and 30K on Monday! Here we go boys except you NIO boys. Most of you are fucked!
[removed]
inject sunlight into it and spray bleach on it.  duh
yes
[removed]
Nasdaq up, all my tech stocks down, cool
Good timing!
Dow Chads laughing at the Nio virgins today
Just busting your balls. Keep at it!
Wait so which dip are we on now?
Spy rallying on recycled news. All Donnie is going to do is take credit for operation warp speed, vaccine news, and not conceding
now I just need Li to dump.
This aged well
[deleted]
Well guys im down 200 bucks most ive ever been down lol should I ride nio til next week.
I’m an idiot
I was thinking the same thing. It will resume its push up on Monday
Not everyone has 25k lying around lol
Ask Wendy’s for a job
I'm thinking of doing the same
How many people in here went Bankrupt with Nio?
HAHA looks like nio crowd gonna have to settle for Wendy’s 4 for 4
Yeeess
Just bought SPY puts on this pump....
Jerome panic buying
As a very special retard, what forms should you be looking at to evaluate a foreign company like NIO? I did some digging but never found a 10k
Really? I just scrapped 20k on Nio puts so maybe I'll tickle some rly OTM spy calls for monday. thanks dad
ok Elon.
If you take any serious investment advice from r/wallstreetbets you’re a fucking idiot.
Im guessing this is bullshit but just for fun

Imagine having 91 billion and thinking about markets at all. I would never again look at a single fucking chart. Boats and hoes till death
why is an exercise bike worth 30B
[deleted]
I’ve been bag holding for a week now. I cut most of my losing plays this morning but guess I’ll see if I can get a few more dollars out of NLS before letting it go lol
Latest green dildo because of joe biden getting called in GA?  not sure how that changes anything....
Best part was that I figured it would go down but I decided to wake up at 9 instead of 10 to check it. It was up so I put all of my money into it, wake up at 10, it’s down by 20%
Not Ho Lee Fuk? 🚀🚀
I think I timed it really nicely. It was down 12.5% and it's hard to see it going lower than 40 at least for me \*shrugs\*
Didn’t realize I fat fingered & bought 3x as many NIO puts as I thought. Well, nice when u make 3x the profit on accident. The only way to make it ever. Cause u never can when I try. 🤷‍♂️
I got some ARKW! I do plan on picking up more tbh cuz I feel ultimately while it’s less fun it’ll prolly outperform me in the long term anyway
Looks like he doubled down on spy puts all the way through september
This is the post right here officer
So everything is just priced into thus market huh
[deleted]
Well, I could say nothing and let everyone burn. Sometimes your right & sometimes your wrong, the longer you give yourself time the more often your right. But when your wrong it would be foolish to "hope it goes your way"
I did and made 100% returns lol
At least Bill Microsoft is holding the line.
I don't suppose you'll tell me what those three dimensions are
Lol i love it
It’ll get there don’t worry
down the rabbit hole Alice
Mow your fucking lawn.
Friendship with NIO has ended

Friendship with FSR has begun

FSR is my friend now
Why we pumping wtf
Step-bro?
Solo cars look retarded
I feel bad for nio bag holders at $50 but some of y’all were waaay too greedy
You a mad man but I respect it
[removed]
You could be up over 100% this month like me :)
Especially on something that kept going up 5-10% everyday for a week. A kid I work with has shares and I told him to get ready to sell when it crosses 50 then let it drop and buy back in. Doubt he listened though. He paid 30 for his shares though
I bought more. We'll see next week, I have a feeling you're right
It's only one pair, you get to keep the one pair. I thought this was a good faith negotiation???
Send NIO back to where it belongs
Niotards crying in the club
LETS GO BEARS 🐻🌈🌈🌈🌈
Made 300% from NIO call that I picked up yesterday and 289% SOLO call and sold this morning then instantly bought puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fair enough, but who doesn't look good compared to NKLA
Pretty good gains for a 2yr old
Buy this is the time.
It’s good, but the memes a day later are what really make it for me
Hertz traded over a billion a few weeks back.
spy up, nio down

this is the way
[deleted]
Time to rotate into DKNG, January 50 Call
what in the fuck
Fuck I was so worried that the plague was going to hurt the stock market. Thank goodness that isn't the case.
Hop on the TGT train, ER on Wed
This right here.  By the time a meme has saturated the daily at 50% or more of the posts, it's over.  Stay away from it.  Don't try to short it either, you're going to be fighting roos, and you can't win against roos.
Not gonna lie, this one hurts my brain
Leveraged miners etfs bull/bear both got wiped out in March due to volatility. It was a bloodbath. Still interested though.
Pump you son of a bitch QQQ. I need this day trade to net me a little so I can feel like today has been productive staring at numbers and graphs instead of napping!
Big gay for not adding GME in there.
It’s a joke, tomorrow is Saturday so there is no school.
The vol is way too high. Weekly calls are so expensive even on a -12% day
[deleted]
Nio?
BA just announced that they successfully made a vaccine for COVID Brrrrrrrr
[deleted]
NIO train turned into Debris
🤡🤳🏻
[removed]
Annie is disappointed in you.
a shit ton of nio tards here already got wiped out hahaha. wait till thsi thing goes back to the 20s haha
No but I wish 🥺
I share the sentiment, but why not just invest in ARK.K at that point?
I cant touch it above 15 its just my rules.
Yes. Citron are frauds.
Dafuq is pumping SPY!? 😳
[removed]
Cmon dont be a party pooper! You guys made millions from Jackie Chan, let my puts print!
That NIO chart look like a middle finger
so biden just cured covid or what
I don't buy any options (puts or calls) with IVs over 150, unlike you retards.
Die Versagen
Because baba is under valued
Who's the goat lover downvoting everythang??
[deleted]
Stock market bullish on news of lockdowns and exponential growth of Covid cases.
Oh no, NIO is now down to a reasonable +1% for the week. Whatever shall we do?
I sure will be buying calls now
Actually wouldn't shock me at this point.
Holding puts
Gay ass Citron
rough
Li just went negative too.... not looking good bois. It seriously never hurts to take profits.
Guess im just gonna set my stop limits and close everything down for the day
Nah
So that candle came out of nowhere
Pump before the dump
Bought one this morning and got stopped out on the first pump.  Hoping to grab one to scalp this pump
Zm zm zm
All about FSR
This is the way
[deleted]
you're far from help
Nice sell low and buy high. You’re built for this place.
stay away it's terrible
[FOMO'ing NIO today](https://youtu.be/8AHCfZTRGiI)
friends don’t let friends buy spy puts
That Jezzabel.
[deleted]
GRA.V is pumping in 🇨🇦
I'll probably pick up nio calls once it's below 40
That’s racist
My spy puts are wrecked. Maybe next week we will get em
BBG:

Mr. Wong has confirmed that a new chairman of the board has been named, Ho Lee Fuk, according to people familiar with the matter
This is what I’ve been trying to figure out, seems better
SPY 290, any minute now. .
you know
You can tell the difference between NIO option holders and share holders.
Stop with just chasing memes lol
😂😂😂 . I generally enjoy shitting on bulls but real talk.

Fomo broken down is greed in its purest form. Once you give in to that you're fucked.
[removed]
Guess we goin to spy 4 hunnid
These hands arent the only thing getting hard over this weekend
Calls on jail time
I think a lot of people got fucked with NIO. Bears and bulls.
💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯🔥👌🤑👌
Vaccine news coming right up?
Bruh my puts

did honey lemon tea cure covid or what?
>I know they both make vroom vrooms

Electric Vehicles don't have exhaust, so they can't make vroom vrooms.

They both make wwwwnnnnnneeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Rip my 11/16 puts
Biden ya boi u/ElonMusk or u/ElonMuskOfficial need da green Hulk pump to cure him
Something big just happened.
Jack Ma says he never do again.
Wait for me, I'm in JD let's hold off until Tuesday
Holy fuck bears are fucked on a molecular level
contracts expire today
NIO being traded 460 million times today has to be a record or close to it right?
Biden has a bigger flacid penis than Trump's fully erect unit.
Bears just got obliterated
Negative soldier, didn't you get the memo? We were drilling to prepare for launch...*ROCKETSHIP EMOJI*
Sell the news bro. They expect a good message from Moderna early next week which is why value is going up and tech is lagging.
what is happening
in at 22 and out at 52 god bless
How would you value SAVE?
Lol I’m not a trumptard I’m making fun of them. Everyone thinks trumps still gonna win lol
Smart money obviously dumping TSLA knockoffs and buying the real thing.
tf is this spy?
What a shit show. I’ve been out for around a month and forgot what this life was like
THIS IS NOT HIS FAULT. Everybody knew its a pump and dump jesus.
Done!
SPY taking off
Red all across my account ☹️
[removed]
https://imgur.com/a/olPGHw1

I was going to the first pic at around 10am because I was so proud I had dug myself out of a $5k hole to become profitable all-time again. 

Then, the citron report came out and as you can see what happened in the second picture I am once again at an all-time loss. 

It’s cool. I think I should rebound at the beginning of next week.
六六六
Well Elon actually exists in 2 states simultaneously.
Weak no volume pump. Ain't foolin me
For the last time it will go up. To 370 on Monday Moderna vaccine news will be announced at 4 never buy a fucking put on spy when you can just short QQQ
wrong use of meme. perma ban this retard
tf is this spy pump
Joe Bump
People were actually considering buying into NIO to start the day, what the hell
That’s because they didn’t sell.
Yeah I also have a bit more confidence investing in something ARK owns since I feel slightly less retarded
Well rip that SPY put I just bought
Roger that, thank you. I'm seeing that Biden is "the apparent winner in Georgia" according to CNBC. It's still breaking news. Could this affect anything?
[deleted]
Think you jumped in too early
Oh my god spy
But why
BRUH NIO PUTS MAKING ME RICH
Awesome
SPY melt up is beginning. Was talking about it a bit in the daily thread this week. Even though I am a bear, we’re still in a bubble, and the bubble wants to get bigger. SPY is going to melt up to new ATHs for next couple weeks at least
Is ZM about to go on a face ripping rally?
Should I do 4th day trade for 350% PDD 160 call that expires 11/20
sold this morning at 183, i see it going down after today, this weekend will fuck a lot of longs
We're going to 30 pal
It's also entirely incorrect, so good on you for avoiding math this far
Buying more. What are you talking about 😅
Just another expensive lesson to not buy at ATH
Looks like its time to price in biden victory vol. 2
Show of hands if you sold your NIO puts at 10am?
Is a moderna vaccine announcement a good weekend gamble? It seems a little priced in
what in the fuck is this green dildo holy shit
This spike will be sold as fast as it went up
Is there a leveraged corn fund available?
Hasn't dropped below Monday open yet
MOMMMM!!! IT LITErAlLY CoULDnT GO TItS uP NIO IsS THE NeXT MOdEL T
Pls this is my first OTM play, no jokers
Loaded NIO Calls to the Hilt. Bout to make a Mill...
Alright, but as a heads up, I'm going to be verifying that they truly are your nuts each day if you're able to bring me multiple sets of yours, peeled grapes won't cut it!
I actually saw it shooting up and sold some other stock and bought a little bit more at 53 hoping to sell by the end of the day with a slight rise and fuck
I sold NIO put $42 for $20 earlier when NIO fell to $48 and just bought it back at $90 to avoid assignment. Good lord Nio you scary
[fuckin lol, I’m totally holding through the weekend](https://i.imgur.com/5JrYM9G.jpg)
lol
transcript probably leaked.
LOL its a freaking pump and dump I even called the top check my comments.
Give it up tard
he sold? 

Pampht et
Same thing!
[deleted]
Honestly would be tempted to buy a call there
pls baba go up
Finishes green after bouncing the 200 MA on the 15min 😘
>https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html

do check them out though!
SPY starts moving up the second I buy 0DTE puts. Very nice.
Once Covid vaccine is publicly available and aviation industry starts revving up their engines then we'll see GE soaring again.
If you didn't sell calls this morning you are a retard
Lol another EV killing WSB 😬
I'll take your word for it. The recert alone should get it past 200 to try and retest 230. Look at it AH tonight if it moons further then it will happen and then pull back. Otherwise back to 158 it is.
My  **Cinemark** (CNK) calls are delivering big time.
If that were true, it wouldn’t be $10 down from where it was this morning.
LMAOOOOO
This meme is cringe to me for some reason
[deleted]
rotation out of gyna and into 🦅🇺🇸
[deleted]
Maybe inflation will get it there
Okay losses on BABA are now 6K instead of 25K. Sold some. Either I take the 6K now, or I hope BABA will go up 4% in the coming week to recover. Thoughts?
New CEO of NIO announced: Sum Ting Wong
12/18 calls are cheap you wont get theta fucked holding into next week & may lose a few hundo tops stop being a pussy bitch every big dip has a tiny come up before another crash NIO back to $48 by open next week.
I skipped the whole thing what r ur positions
If you didn't sell already you're a dummy
Stop lying to yourself
Nothing if your order doesn't fill
I'm fr just dying laughing thinking about all of you idiots that bought nio calls this morning hahahaha
Ho lee fuk
Holy pump
Car? I'm sleeping in a cardboard box
Hold onto ZM 11/20? I’m dying
Bought calls and puts 2 hours ago and they haven’t moved lol. You market watchers watching paint dry?
Scooters over cars for the Asia market? Sounds like a good fit, and it's not like Tesla is gonna eat their market.
370 imo
What was that moon
Whoa my god that’s a subsidiary of WSB. I counted 100 pants on head retards in there after looking at 4 posts.
The same as every monday... 0dte calls
Please no vaccine 😩😩let us die
My NIO puts eating!
I bought a call, it gained $20 in a couple minutes, went back to sleep, woke up and I was down like $200 something haha
[deleted]
Vaccine isn't even out yet and my account has already been destroyed
OP is probably just a Karma whore. He purposely purchase 1 600C contract for the karma.
BABA at $259 is a steal. Buy it ans sell covered calls against it.
Nio bears will be in shambles. Bears should take profit. This is some manipulation going on
spy rocket ship lol
It’s literally coming at 4 from the mouth of mango man himself.
Drill 6 team, we continue drilling NIO on Monday?!
just got 100 11/20 45c on ual, small bets for the quick 10 bagger?
I need SQ to stop fucking around
Yeah I sold all my NIO calls yesterday and this morning.
You need citron to tell you that this is a pump and dump?! 😆
I'd sell half, that way if it goes down u still made profit while if it goes up you still have the other half to make extra profit out of
They do a lot more than gamer graphics cards. They have an ai moat with cuda tech and are making big data center gains. That said they killed earnings last 2 times and last time they had good guidance and still dropped.

Buy tonight at close or Monday sell before er.

I'm surprised they dipping today...
ouch my puts
Possibly before
Fishing buddy. He does look at me kinda weird when I'm holding my catch. He's always making jokes about trouser trout too.
Thank you for triggering me to get them in my spotify playlist!!!
Everyone holding their breath with CoVid cases. NYC Mayor about to close schools again.
This is why we buy NIO long calls folks
Not possible
I'm sure you probably did some plays good, but are you sure you're truely doing full DD?   
This is the second time jumping off ship. Looking like dumping and pumping us.
It’s down about 20% from it’s ath also
Fair but we gapped up overnight roughly to where we are at before the announcement for that came in so there was still demand for these prices without that
SPY is scaring the shit out of me. Wtf is it doing going up right now.
Mmm mm mmm these tears taste delicious
[deleted]
Just say you bought puts at $40 on Wednesday morning and sold them this morning at $54 for a loss, bro
When will it stop 😭😭😭😭😭😭
You can have Vancouver, it’s a dump
You can buy as much CCL as you want under 14 and LUV under 39 but they are too high now.
I remember saying the same thing in September...about apple
Other than your friends having Xbox’s I don’t see any reason to not go with the ps5 thought??? Also Spider-Man miles morales like I think it’s a pretty obvious choice
[removed]
Maybe
What is the play for monday??
Volume is so low on Solar that i can’t sell my calls 😎
So NIO is going back to 38 huh
So you think it’s undervalued? 🤡
Anemic volume on spy
$.01 while you can
I checked my portfolio at the daily high then closed it and now it went down but in my head I'm at the high 😎😎😎😎
dead
Calls on hopium
[deleted]
On how they’re looking now I believe I still had the 💎 ✋🏽
What about before?
[deleted]
One more vaccine news and I’m out of the game
Bought at all time high too, feels like a retard man oh wait
This didn’t age well.
Holding but salty. Fuck Citron
Careful with SOLO, penny stock bag holders have been waiting for sweet release for a LONG time.

The store location they opened up in Portland is literally just a kiosk in a mall with one of their shitty cars. Shit company, shit car. Look at the specs on that, none of that is going to stand up to scrutiny once this hype dies off and mark my works it is dying now.

Source: I used to be one months and months ago and sold on that last pop and it died ever since.
[removed]
Trust me I’ve done soooo much research and I’ve made 1000s here and lost it there + more
Citron are the buzzfeed if market news. They make scary headlines to make bank of the panic selling.
Jumped into NIO. Boys lets go again.
Staying above $42🤞🏽
[deleted]
Thank you
SOLO. Get in losers, we're invading Canada.
This aged very well.
Maga
selling naked nio puts is free money
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$25**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$17.63**|**$42.77**|**7917**|**355**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgnbev5bpws0720tw5zqbfj) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ethankpark/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Insights on UNTY?
You going to bail?
Lmao NIO be like battery day 2.0
Bought SBRCY (largest bank in Russia) a month ago for my IRA because it was (and still is) fairly down and looked like it had a lot of upside potential. Recently discovered it has like a 9% dividend. Also have to pay some dumb foreign tax and a management fee to hold it but they didn't amount to much. Probably a great long hold for retirement accounts if anyone is interested in that lame sort of thing.
Nice
okay BYND this isn’t funny anymore I don’t want to be assigned
The only thing making me feel better about not buying NIO puts at 52 is knowing people panic sold theirs this morning.
Earnings is tuesday. It’s likely going to dip further  on monday.
Citron Research on nio 🤬🤬

Citron research on CCL 😴😴
Fucking horrible. When even Peloton, that retard of retard stocks crashes intraday, it is time to call it a day.
You guys are getting bonuses?
Gone. Reduced to ash.
It was “at the top” at $14 you dumbass
Thanks bro,  perfect execution.
Some people like to trade in the middle of the leverage spectrum.
aapl better close fucking green
I just wanna get a job where nobody there says “learnings” :(
Once I turned $17 into $1,500 with 17 GE contracts.  I Say fuck safe, I should have put 17,000 into that play.
None. Buy a put now to hedge. Monday will be an absolute bloodbath.
its 42 rn lmao
Apple is ruining my portfolio
NIO is actually going to pump ah and on monday prior to earnings. I think we'll see 50 again soon. I'm kind of a bitch though as I cut some of my position. Getting the "I hate myself" feeling.
Paper hands holders entering chat
[deleted]
Same dude
Seems like you support a partial lockdown, so yes. Because that’s something that’s actually happening
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
NVDA will sell off after earnings. You heard it here first
Look into nio house
GE GE GE ROCKET 🚀🚀🚀
So TSLA never dropped?
See you at $180!
Learning about investing will provide you more luck
[deleted]
Friendly reminder to close out your spreads before close if you're on Robinhood. Avoid the fuckery.
nio getting bought up almost as quick as its selling off. hold and have some faith
lol throwback
Creep up to $50 and then moon PM on Monday lmao
Days like today are just the worst... whole portfolio bleeding but not dropping hard enought o average down
Not that you would know, and apparently smart money don't care, but the Moderna vaccine nor any mRNA based version will be produced at scale for this pandemic. Says billie g., someone you should trust about such topics.
We're going back to 50 by Wednesday
Cope
Can we just go back to arguing about politics instead of no-content NIO comments all the time?
Citron was fucked by shorting tsla, shop, zm, and more.
Citron sold the rip

WSB will buy the first dip, then the second dip, the 3rd dip they will be out of cash, and the 4th dip it will finally rip back up past ATH
Loaded up on nio calls. Yes yes yes
NIO calls Phil’s big titties on the 12th
nio will crash so mcuh after hour
Yes
Ameripoors ruined it. Hopefully the eurorich show up to clean up the mess
Same lol
🤡
well you can get it right now for 11pct cheaper than it was yesterday!!!
Still up 50k. Not worried bro. I’m in for the long term
Heard loud and clear, and I know what you mean
Fuck, is there any hope for a NIO rebound before ER? My 11/20 calls are absolutely fucked.
Hey I'm currently buying a google pixel.

-tim.apple prolly.
You retard.
Don't be afriad of the citrus Bois
Christmas bonus?
Need to hurry
Depends on the stock. Some it doesn't make sense at all, while some can give you leverage for little to no premium and close to a delta of 1
Last stop under $260, if you are getting on the BABA train now is the time.
LOL
No but where do you sign up? 

I’m down only 94% all time
Should just make a seperate NIO thread
[deleted]
No flame decals? I'm out.
NIU over Nio what u guys think
[removed]
Can’t believe I sold my NIO puts too early for a measly 85% profit at 10am...
In Tesla calls. Thoughts?
Li also freefalling.
By that logic we should never reopen. Someone might get the flu
That’s why I’m not selling @ 300%.  I’m greedy and demand atleast 2000% or bust.
No investing happens here
What are these 11/13 NIO 50c gonna be worth
Holding AMD calls feels like an abusive relationship at the moment
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Every time is see NIO tanking, no it’s not because I have a massive FOMO out of this stock.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtksem
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtksem) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Benji2526, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Thebush121
JeffBenzos
OverpricedBagel
For all the new people here yes I know it sounds ridiculous, inverse this sub 90% of the time. I didn’t think any group could get it so wrong so often, but then I seen people buying nio calls this morning and it reminded me all the other fallen tickers this sub got killed on.
Not today... that is nor next week.. ofcourse. TSLA was volatile as hell too.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
you're not gonna see it in 2 dimensions. you're gonna need 3.
I can’t believe how retarded I am
I assumed my username would give me luck :(
Savings account
it looks that way to me.
NIO couldn’t even wait till ER to fucking dump 😂 This shit was totally manipulated.
If all the countermeasures work then we will be looking at something close to the old normal in about eighteen months. People are going to try really really hard to get out of this situation.
The fact that you're truly just not understanding anything anyone is saying to you in this comment thread, repeating the force fed garbage you've heard about "ya'll are just scaredy cats haha" and yet claiming that WE'RE the brainwashed ones is peak fucking irony m8.

These tests aren't meant to tell you if yo have covid full stop. They're meant to give a rapid idea of whether a PCR test should be implemented. Stop spreading information you clearly know very little about.
In september they sold around 5k cars
I feel like it's important that I set expectations up front... that's $17K/day, and it would compound pretty quickly growing by 1%/day
Jumped on the ayro train 🚄
Even the FUV trikes held gains today 😂 

Also, that chart looks like it’s about to break out.
But loses his job
They are but you can still make money off of them
Bynd calls?
If you don't buy nio this time around I don't know what to say other then you are a retard
Almost 500k people viewing Cold War on twitch. Should i be be bullish on this bitch
Based in California
Get in before it's too late
might as well sell now for a quick profit, buy when it continues to tank and pray it goes back up
My guess is just standard pullback, they and PYPL are stellar 5-year plays.
jesus fuck spy is lame today
Buying the dip!
[deleted]
Trump vaccine pump after market closes
Happy for you
They’re downvoting rn. That’s all they have left.
How many of you retards are sleeping in your car next month thanks to NIO FOMO
+1
This is how I imagine every person jumping on NIO at ATH.
Statistically it's a lot more likely to go down from here
the ticks are just so slow today
how are you faring today?
[removed]
Looks like it's down 3%
Worst week in a long time, and your going to load up on puts today? Good luck with that 👍🏿
😂💀
theres no reason other than the fact im in it and couldve sold my positions for a slight gain yesterday. mms are after me
Nice one Ron
Nice username nerd
You are not wrong but they are openly shady af. In between their bullshit they do have some good points. It’s the WSB of hedge funds and research.
I mean I’m in for the long ride, the EV market is taking a tiny piece of a massive evolving space - I’m betting on potential not even earnings
INTC day chart is a sight to behold. Never seen anything this flat in my life.
Poop trades
Sounds gay, who you going with
Right there with you fellow retard
[deleted]
NIO gonna pop tf off AH
Lol
Nio pump incoming
Hey uh Tim Apple
[removed]
u gonna get fuk becuz SPY going to 380 next month
Haven’t been frequenting this sub recently and was wondering what the hell is going on with NIO today so I came here. Now it all makes sense, thanks for ruining it retards
😂.
Keep in mind that we’re all idiots here....

But I think, if he were to concede, we’d see a big bump on Monday due to a clearer path forward for US politics.
jacked to the phawkin tits rn on BABA Dec/Jan calls
GUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Nah I wanna get out of them and rotate into PLTR. Can’t believe I bought them in March. “Everyone needs cell service!” I thought 🙄
a guy already posted his 240k loss on NIO
Everything has to be polarized these days. Grey areas get you in trouble with both sides
Same w/ 15.7 for PLTR
Nio cucks where you at ?
If you don't buy the NIO dip today you are beyond help ;)
38 by next week homie
Uhh that's...that's wrong
I'm so fucking glad I sold enough to cover my principal.  
Now i don't feel bad about letting the rest ride!
[removed]
Tech utterly PLUMMETING to levels not seen since... [squints at chart]...11 o' clock this morning.
Yeah, weed stocks. They pop on news.
its making me feel better about having sold my 47c 11/13s when i was down 80%
damn I should've gotten those Nio 0dte puts hahah be like 1000% now
This is me when I get out of work before noon on Fridays.

Get home, crack a beer, take a dab and let the brain juices flow (down the sewer).
guys i'm starting to think these chinese EV ADRs might be pump and dumps
I think it’s free money
[deleted]
Look at what they did to my girl BECKY 👀
NIO identical to JKS the drop has still a lot of juice left
3/4th of WSB wiped out on a green day.

Never change you beautiful autists
Bullish.
AMWL got beat up over earnings.  Maybe it's sympathy.
Facts
Hopefully the only time for the coming week lol
crash? we are about to be in another lockdown you smoothbrain
[deleted]
This is the way
Bought PTON at the top but at least I didn’t fomo into NIO
RKT
Haha no
Nio retards downvoting lmao
Ok no need to call me names
Chinese e-commerce?
Sold my first ever covered call, MSFT 220c 12/18 for $4.79

Going to try theta gang for a bit and see how it goes!
XPEV before market close?
That post didnt age well
NIO boys hang in there
Lol
[removed]
Exactly. Given a choice, everyone will still jump into it. I personally know one of my friends who just drops hate comments here on NIO but keeps discussing the entry point. Lmao
Some tard lost his ass on NIO and is downvoting every post.
Thanks for the middle finger pattern AAPL
Nio v-shape recovery ?
So NFLX ends barely red today or green?
# YOU EVER SUCK FEET FOR MARIJUANA!!???!!??
Rotation into NA EVs. Fsr and solo
This is a joke right? Because if this is a joke it deserves all the dumbass reddit tokens.
Yes! Buy the dip
Imagine thinking it wont rocket back on monday
NIO calls still expensive even though it dropped $5
Wanna pick up some 11/27 exp today
Same. Makes no sense at all, especially with lockdowns incoming.
Haha, no worries my dude. Use that advantage over us US folks and get you some tendies
I didn't buy lol. I bought a bunch of shares at 44.5 though
80% of my portfolio is in GE shares which I’ve owned for six years now. Do you think it’ll go back up? Cheers and happy trading - Mike
\[Serious\] Can someone give me a legitimate reason to be bullish on buying SPY calls right now?
NIO gang downvoting everything lmao
NIO 50 EOD mark my word
doesn't matter, it goes down hill AND uphill.  Way more practical than NKLA, the practical consumer will purchase it.
fuck citron till i die
I bought the dip yesterday.  This sucks balls.
[removed]
Feels kind of reckless and incentivized to publish such a scathing report contrasting the markets motives... sounds like what happened with Tesla but musk ripped a new one
Not sure why you're making the assumption that I'm essentially a blue-pilled retard because I'm not going down the same political slippery slope as you.  

All I've done was point out that NIO is not implicated by the executive order after you told OP he should read it - seeming to suggest NIO IS implicated.  Stop deflecting and acting like your insight is anything more than tinfoil hat guesses about future geopolitical economics.
[deleted]
Since you love BJs, that’s a god stock to buy
Weed stocks lol
[deleted]
Lol people in here salty af downvoting everything. Dont worry that money you lost was real, the upvotes aren't. 

You're Gambling not trading know the difference
Why are my BABA calls erasing all losses from today 😧😧 going straight up!
Anybody think SOLO will have NIO sympathy run up on Monday?
Spy dump begins
Risky but, good luck!
Max pain on NIO is 41 y'all
It should print for 11/13
$ACOPY (or $ACOPF)
A2 milk might go up Nov 18th

https://money.stackexchange.com/questions/127383/which-should-i-buy-f-shares-or-y-shares
My trading moves timed with my bowel movements
What’s the point of itm leaps? They cost close to what 100 shares of the stock would makes no sense to me
IDK who needs to feel better about themselves, but I sold NIO puts to start the day.
Zero volume or OI
I thought so until Monday. Who knows now. It'll go up maybe not to 600 :(
This is the nio dip to buy I swear 💀
I mean no ones really politically independent idk what you mean. I try to stay open minded tho even tho shits hella polarizing. Like fwiw I voted mango but supported/donated/phonebanked for Yang so I mean I try to see both sides
Just wait until earnings next week.
[deleted]
Yeah, when I saw it *break on through to the other side* into 42, I dropped it. Maybe next week will be better. Still plan to get in, but I think it's just going to drop through Tuesday/Wednesday
-5k shares
Fuck man I really wish I bought shares of Xpel (paint protection film manufacture)

I knew they would boom because rich people are buying cars like they are going to be banned by team BLUE
They saw Elon manipulate the stock market and not get in trouble so they wanted to have a go
Value > tech
NIO goes up 12% one day: hmmmm such organic growth, i love it

NIO goes down 12% one day: EVERYONE LOSES THEIR FUCKING MINDS
Remember this morning when *everyone* was screaming to buy NIO calls
Can you imagine being the guy that sold 11/13 45p at 0.01 at open? 320 bagger from low to high.
Alright, $42 is the bottom, calling it
Nio doubled in a month, nice
Sell right before earnings
Buy nio
And now, after NIO was not the one, all of WSB rotates in to SOLO

*Morgan Freeman voice
good luck....i sold my $22C this morning for small profit....for the time & agrivation this stock caused not even worth it....
I hate to say it boys, but tech looks like it’s gonna be pretty bigly fucked for the short to mid term. There’s gonna be some serious shifting of valuations over the next few months. Don’t get caught holding the bag
30% of average volume on SPY with 90 minutes left. Is everyone on holiday today?
Fair
[deleted]
My GM $43 calls up 68%
NIO PUSSY
[deleted]
No
You spelled ur wrong
I'm trying to figure out the same thing
Algos: "We see this post too." Ahaha, green 1m as soon as you posted.
pls no downvote :(
No
slow crawl back up
Cash gang for the weekend it is
Elon would never pull this shit. Buy America.
NIO is the new NKLA. Only difference is they sell like 100 cars 🤣🤣🤣
Still higher than where it was on Monday lol
0DTE puts on anything tech was the move this morning
I’m holding li auto over the weekend
Bull flag pattern formed on the 1 month and 3 month charts yesterday afternoon. 737 recertification supposed to be announced Wednesday. Plus moderna vaccine results very well could be released next week. The data was submitted for review yesterday and the analysis takes days not weeks to do.
Would have printed so hard
Indirectly, yes.

$NIO is listed on NYSE.  Their "home country" is the Cayman Islands.  NYSE allows listed companies to follow the rules of their "home country".  They are sheltered from US lawsuits, and their executives are sheltered from PRC income tax.

Since they are registered in the Cayman Islands, the PRC treats them as a foreign company.  Since the PRC is...well...a communist country... they have very tight restrictions on foreign businesses operating in their country.  In order to do business in the PRC, they had to create a subsidiary (NIO New Energy) - where they only own 50% stake, and they have absolutely no control over it.  This subsidiary is where all of their revenue is generated.  They are entitled to 50% of distributions and 50% responsible for their losses.  Since the PRC can make up new laws without publishing them, they are completely at the mercy of the PRC.  If the PRC doesn't want them to distribute gains, they deny their request to convert RMB to foreign currency (to pay shareholders).

In short - yes, China is going to eat your tendies whenever they feel like it.
LMAO who bought NIO at the top
BABA dip. Bring some nachos
Why you think bears exist.
QQQ intraday gap down lol
[deleted]
Loading up on puts.
I guess I traded bagholding DKNG to bagholding PTON today.  

Alrighty!
*till it expires worthlessly*\*
[deleted]
Short seller Citron pulled an Elon and tweeted that NIO was way overvalued and should be $25 a share
Elon is talking about antigen test and you're talking about pcr rates retard
I'll likely buy more
I usually set mine as soon as I buy; -1-2% TS.  If it hits +10%, then I change it to -10% to give it more room to move since I've already protected my initial investment.  I totally f'd up with NIO (didn't implement the plan; tried playing catch-up) and lost \~$200 on 500 shares.
Fuck it. I'm going fishing and I won't be back until Monday morning.
😂
[removed]
[12/4 $45 P](https://imgur.com/a/BHS8qXt)
Ah yes, I forgot that the DNC exists in literally every country of the world and managed to get 195 countries to participate in a "hoax", with the main reason I've heard being "to fuck over Trump". Stay away from the alt-right kool-aid
[deleted]
JD peeps, we holding through earnings or nah? I already sold some to cover my cost basis but feel like it might moon Monday
Holy fuck theta gang is so easy it feels almost sinister
Damn you NIO bears you win this time 🥺
I have $47 nio puts and $17 calls
im still holding nio and waiting for earnings run up next week, doesn't really make sense to dump them at the first sign of red. Fuck Citron
volatility is velocity of time
[deleted]
You truly belong here.
PTON putting me in a lower tax bracket today
Is NIO a good buy before close?
I wanna say hold but God damn that's a lot of money
[deleted]
# I CHALLENGE u/enigmaspore to a BANNNN BET
Up 25% on the 12/18 300 call since this comment. Scared money don't make money
Til they get caught lying on the books
Weeklies*
Will spy 355P 11/27 print
Cheap tipper
Wait till tomorrow, all these NIO bag holders going to post lose porn cause they’re to stupid to take gains
same with ddog
If you dont buy NIO you aint austistic
Citron saw this thread and got jealous
I think Nio might be red until earnings, especially if everyone is scared away that easily
Um what, it's up 50 p ytd clown
Someone explain to me why APHA isn’t better than ACB, CGC, TLRY, etc,
[deleted]
CITRON MEANS LEMON IN FRENCH GUYS, RUUUUUUUUN !!!
Anyone buying NIO calls for over the weekend?
so what is happening to sq and why? this is just frustrating af
But even if the vaccine is released, consumption and productivity behavior will have shifted permanently due to the virus
DUMP BOUND
27$ buy Gnus and hold for ever
SPY has now completed the ultra-rare rising triple nipple today, the milking will commence in the next 11-13.5 minutes
Nio to Baba.
Very nice. Approved!
NIO has higher trading volume today than FAGMAN + SPY + QQQ + TSLA combined.
Make Fisker the new meme stock! #USA
post an updated screenshot

shoulda took profit.. retard
I just hope big tech doesn’t fuck with it
RKT just close above 22 for fucks sake
It's time for a SPCE race
[removed]
Look at the chart the last couple weeks lol
I have $30s for the same exp.  Holding.
yup
look at the charts of weed stocks and lmk
They were the first to be bullish on Nio 2 years ago of the few things they covered Nio is one they were ride or die bulls on.
So did he find Jesus
Whatever people are recommending or buying into on this sub ——-> Avoid like the plague
Lmao theta gang wins again
That's the sort of question you can't say no to. Has definitely been a fun conversation
What if im homeless..  because I bought NIO?
Hey I'm back to. 98c right now 😭
DRILL TEAM SIX INBOUND
God I hope so
I’m the biggest degenerate here no cap
Retards trying to time the drop: “how much lower could it go”

It’s me I’m retards
Wtf is wrong with spy go up you retard
Me too man me too, sold a call off this morning. And bought some puts
Anyone else annoyed that one guy's shitty opinion can tank a stock. 

He shorted the stock, and cried like a man baby. 

I am going to Dimond hand this bitch! I still think the stock will go back up. 

After all they didn't even release their NOV earnings yet.
https://www.optionsprofitcalculator.com/calculator/long-call.html
You got it right man. 12% day, just a -12% day.
Boomer stock
Everyone shitting on NIO? Lol all ev stocks are down today this is healthy. Get your monthlies now
Nio baby ok I admit it! I cheated on u with xpev and li!! Stop being a bitch about it we said we were taking a break, I even left my ex tesla for ur ass
I just got an ITM call for March to make a little money
[deleted]
he probably waited to long to sell his nio shares
[deleted]
I meant greedy by not selling yesterday at close, bc I’m not selling my puts before close today!
Lol idk I always like to go all in on one
When everyone is dead, no one will need doctors
For a day maybe.... just to warn them about the coming mf dip.... unless youre long stocks then hell yea fam
Cum
Make UVXY great again
Unrealized gains
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dude you really don’t think this is a calculated pullback on NIO so it can rocket on earnings? Seems obviously. Holding calls
FUCK CITRON!!!!!!!!!
He's been persona non grata for at least 2 years now. As in, he's been off the map due to pressure from CCP. Look into it.
HahahahHhahha
Its crazy to think that people are opposed to investing in NIO. The recent comments are just a bunch of NIO haters because of a dip when everyone just made big fucking dollars.
Enjoying watching my account drop to zero
Lmfaooo
Bought BABA 12/18 270 calls. That’s a crazy chart
Buy nio before dip lmao i love myself
[deleted]
Sorry to disappoint but I’m not truly fucked, very little exposure and small active plays. Might lose a hundred bucks or two. Oh well that’s why I have a job
BRING OUT THE NIO LOSS PORN
Opinions on semi industry including MTSI, QRVO?
Keep or sell my NIO shares I got a few weeks ago?
I suggest we move market hours to 9:30 am to 9:35am.  After that it tends to go south for me.
Come down spy baby come down
you are living under a rock if you didnt see this tech dump coming
Ughh, Spy is flatter than Gwen Stefani’s chest. Can we get some Volatility?! MM, where are you at?
all in on BABA?
Tried but says I need shares
🤡 🤡
Play NIO right the whole week except today. Sold my puts at a loss this morning
Positions?
Big tech is holding it back
if its 40 at market close i'll match your nothing and raise you the free reddit award you get from the coin shop
40 +???? 😂😂😂😂
Nice.
[deleted]
Alright boys, no more options <3 months out for me

Gonna commence my retard money losing ceremony tonight of eating spicy thai fried wings, fried rice, drinking botanical gin, and re-watching Attack on Titan
It'll fill, give it a few months.
NIO wrong way
I'm still not selling. This can retest $35 and I'll still hold.
When will NIO stop
Keep calm boys. Nio is gonna roar back.. today it’s all profit taking
[deleted]
Man bezos is ugly. Hes so ugly that a trillion dollars got him an ok looking wife.
I had a $44p on NIO that I sold this morning for a 80% loss :(

Since their fuckin split. That murdered it
Porque no los dos?
https://imgur.com/CCpQlAD
BYND about to plummet....
Wait for the handle to develop a bit more. Definitely looks like a solid bull flag though. Cup and handles are THAT reliable.
Nikola feeling pretty good rm
[deleted]
ToS is only one day on cash account
Anyone else holding Nio over the weekend?
I'm making $6000 plus right now and it's still going down. I was right
Citrion is swimming in it. Jesus, I wanna be a short seller
fuck same :(
is robinhood going to exercise my NIO puts at 3 those mother fuckers?
That’s right china ev, shake out the paper hands so you can soar again
I thought I bought in low on $35c 11/20 Li YOLO for $7k.  Down 25%, but hoping we get some Monday/Tuesday pump.
# DAMP IT!
  Looks like my puts are paying big on NIO.
[deleted]
1/15 35c purchased
User growth at a near term plateau
Spy double top?
Trailing stop loss
I feel bad I really do but the comments like “NIO NOOO 😭🤮”
I am in so much pain right now 😥😥😥
What is that
I know this is a NIO sub, but does anyone have thoughts on holding CSCO calls through the weekend? I am literally at the breakeven price so I'm not leaning either way
In Jack Ma we trust.
dope- let's do a banbet.
RKT
welcome to WSB
Institutions are still majority shareholders in NIO. Only a small percentage of outstanding shares are retail investors who will panic sell after hard corrections and drive the stock down further. Once shorts need to start covering at EOD the price will climb back up. Especially since it's the Friday before earnings. Definitely some algo manipulation going on, but it just takes another high valuation or great ER to shoot the price back up.
Good call, fuck Citron.
That ages well.
till it rips 7% in one day
It’s roughly 330% vs the average.
Risk/reward on these Chyna stonks wai tu lo.
This is probably the first civil war I’ve seen in WSB.. the battle of NIO is an interesting one.
out of unproven, miniscule sales, no profit companys in China  - into actual functioning, profitable, & rona virus proof companys in China
lmao I'm so retarded
Gonna average down more at 3:59
Pretty much just means tutes are about to open the floodgates even further on the NIO flash sale...
Name checks out
Thanks. Stay safe.
I’ve already put in a buy order for NIO at $13 which is still fucken expensive for this fad company.
You mean naggers?
SSSS $12?
NVDA earnings next week? Think pump to $600 right before ER?
Tim cucked my calls
im old enough to remember the nio bottom at 9:30
Thanks bought in
I hope so, I just lost a shit ton of money on one of my calls lmao. Sold a call I bought previously, used some of the profit to buy another one with a $58 call and now I'm down $350. I'm new to this though, gotta learn somehow
This market is just one fake out over the next. Designed to take money from retail and put it in the pockets of the pros
Fastly is so annoying. By all accounts, it should be 20%+ today. Useless turd surges randomly.
Who even is Citron, sounds like a dude who wants a good entry
Schwab moon
If you can’t hold this sell off, you’re in the wrong game.
So like, a gamma squeeze is sorta just the tip of it? I've seen people throw around GEX. But for that you also need to know if specific open interest is getting hedged long or short, right?
Have you heard about TSLA? Great company
You spelled it wrong
🎶 They’re gonna make me declare bankruptcy and I said NIO NIO NIO 🎶
Have you ever looked at a chart of a stonk?
Bought up way otm vxx calls for 10/20
Sounds like he has $1.27 left to YOLO
Whoever said NIO 40 today, you better had those puts and were not just shitposting.
Lmao
I FUCKING HATE WEBULL I DONT WANT TO WAIT THREE DAYS AFTER SELLING MY CALLS AHHHH
RIP NIO and XPEV holders lmao
thanx
Or ssss
This freefall from Nio is beautiful. Wipe these annoying spammers out!
self reminder comment, i see the shilling i think you are right
https://www.zhihu.com/question/305762899
I guarantee u citron and the boys r loading up on leaps eod today
went from up $4500 to down $500 from nio
This months been so crazy that no one even talks about tesla being down 10 percent in thirty days.
NIO 20% move today. Very cool, very legal.
I think we will at least hit 50 again. I'll sell at 57, whether that's today or May 2024.
If they’re shares just keep holding! I use T dividends to feed my gambling addiction lmao
You're retarded
PLTR can be your mattress tonight if you want to, investor-kun \~\~ \^\_\^
But that’s not happening. New lockdowns more likely
[deleted]
Calls on HR
How dare you, sir. “Greedy”
Morning sell was legit profit taking. 😤
Gonna pull out my $5 of Rkt calls from rh and use it as a tip for a tuggy from the Asian massage joint down the street
true, not sooo easy, but def doable
Probably fighting a homeless dude under a bridge for a spot.
Gamestop? Literally been a huge topic of discussion yet you didn't get any?
Yup! 1% for each day that you give me your right and left nut, as you stated!
Apple has been such a shit stock for the last 3 months
Moms spaghetti
#nio2zero
That 3 month chart gives me chills. 370 or 320 next stop. We move big from here
I haven’t done it yet 🤭

But the algos thought I did, youre welcome for the bamboozle
Lol that made me chuckle
classic licking the wrong hole in the dark / shit between the teeth pattern forming on spy.  be careful boys.
Typical short seller, may your savings rest in peace.
[deleted]
Will tsla go below 400?
Not 150 first, again?
Same odds the cowboys had of beating the falcons in week 2.
Loaded to the tits on nio calls this bitch bout to have a 20% Monday... bigly green
[Purchased at $52ish](https://imgur.com/a/AU4DV2c)
Tell that to the guy who yolo’ed his last $120 into Spy calls last Friday and sold it for $13K this  Monday.
[deleted]
man they are absolutely battling at $356.60-90 right now
this fucking sucks. I bought in this morning and then it just tanks. Just my luck.
Same. Might consider it if it drops back to 13, I feel like it’s just getting extra attention right now along with EVs because of Biden win
buy calls then stock drills cus why the fuck not
lol my straddle @43 is still up, gonna let it ride
Been buying it this entire time, when will it stop
 Sum ting wong

We tu lo
> But there a should of young people dying too. I know more young people that died from COVID than from any other cause in the last few years. 

https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm#AgeAndSex

That simply isn't true. So far age 25-34, 1,725 deaths from Covid, in a country of how many million? Compare that to this and you will see in fact that for younger people, under 44, the flu is in fact worse than COVID. 

https://www.cdc.gov/injury/wisqars/animated-leading-causes.html

As to counter your second point, that only applies if you have the genes and habits to make it to 80 in the first place.
imagine losing money on NIO when you could buy STOR instead
[https://i.ibb.co/km1f6ts/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/km1f6ts/image.png)

$DUST (Daily Gold Miners Bear 3X Shrs) share lit pool print for $7.5m just.

Rare to see leveraged metals print.
NIO being luckin coffee now
Open a spread to save any gains
With a bunch of price targets at $46.5, somehow I think the MM will load up cheap and pump it soon
If NIO is up 5% AH you know this shit is being played
It's proper value is 19$. It's still got way more room before it's as overvalued as Tesla
I miss snowboarding
In TDAmeritrade, I click on Fundamentals and it shows it there. Not sure about other platforms. Maybe Yahoo Finance but they don't always have up to date info about that stuff.
I got downvoted for saying nio was already priced in for earnings.  😆  thats what they get for getting greedy asf.
Somebody mod him
NIO gang is cashing out. Taking profits

time the bottom because it's going to pump at least mon/tues before earnings
[deleted]
Mods should've just called this the NIO worshippers thread
Why are you selling low and buying high ? I'm no expert but I think you're retarded.
Sub $40 for sure
Me
Since that pfizer fuckery, I am kinda scared of monday. lol
Just hold it, it'll come up
Wheres the guy who invested his rent money on Nio?
Sorry!
I’ve been an investor in BABA for about 2 weeks now, down $2500! No big deal, I’m a long term investor (Jan calls)
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jtm2n4&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jtm2n4&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jtm2n4)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^11 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
you got one too many zero's in that number buddy
CCL? I rode BA up to 190 from 160; riding it back up from late 170s. DAL too. But as I say, keep an eye on your messages. I'll leave you be for now but will send some screenshots & bump you once you're truly fucked in the next few weeks.
Ok simmer down bud
How can feces be clean?
Am I reading this right? $NIO volume today is 447 M? 😳
Idk man, still dropping...
https://www.google.com/amp/s/investorplace.com/2020/11/double-down-on-nio-stock-as-a-pullback-seems-unlikely/amp/
I expect some high quality loss porn after today. Yes, I'm ready.
I was one day early 😭
So are TSLA calls basically free money today. It’s never stayed under 400 level for any period of time since the split.  Or am I just going to end up buying another top
ZM is testing these 💎🤲🏽
Not credit spreads, debit spreads. Sell a higher strike call
I took a break after losing 1/3 of my savings for like 2 months but decided to hop on the NIO train and boom... in bag holding but man this sucks
Hold for vaccine pump over the weekend
What could that affect? Still a noob using fake money, trying to figure some things out.
Imagine still owning NIO stock after today?  😂😂😂😂
yeah im holding too. FUCK IT MAN. i was gonna buy puts this morning but that was too logical
Fuck it buying some nio calls here
[removed]
Wild how 1 article was enough to do that
🤣🤣
i thought fsr was canadian
Black cock is way better than white cock imo.

Don't @ me
NIO I want my money back
Good thing I didn’t buy anything nio today it when to hell today
Ya, I'm about ready to jump in more
Call, but long dated ones so im not sweating
what's the chance of a short squeeze on this if it doesnt hit 25$ based off no evidence
..*COVID19 enters chat.* 

You on your own Braveheart.
Buy the rumor, sell the meme
Puts it is!
Fuck him. He doesn't need to concede, just needs to fuck off back to Florida with his loyalists.
I earned it fuck me
who tf still buying nio LOL
Sweet. Best of luck.
[removed]
werent people saying this last week?
Ticker name checks out.
This. I set mine late in the morning and lost out on 2k
NIO hasn’t been this low since...

Wednesday
I’m getting murdered
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Drowning Pool - Bodies      ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04F4xlWSFh0) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04F4xlWSFh0)⠀►►⠀ 2:26 / 3:40 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
NIOCONNECCCCTTT
Nows your time to pile in on LIT. Lil dip before the moon mission continues
[removed]
[deleted]
I see, those were basically my thoughts too as far as the crime and standard of living. Hate that I chose WVU now because of the campus and no in person classes. College during COVID-19 is fun! Thanks for the input.
Well thanks for highlighting it!

I will say NCLH and other recovery ones are up big today, tech is not. Maybe that hints at positivity?
What amazes me is there are still buyers for NIO at 42 lmao
This didn’t age well lol
Fees? What are those?
RIP people who FOMOd on NIO, may the earth rest lightly on you.
Buy nio or rkt. You tell me.
Man down so much money now
like which news ?
The yuge put buy on nio seems to have worked out for the whales
Yea, we all knew NIO was inflated but with the ER run up a small correction is fine. But Citron just nuked us
Tellin y’all, get in on these google puts
Thankfully didn’t play today! RIP to my fallen NIO brothers
Baba. It should be $300 easy
NIO is at double black diamond level
LOL at NIO. My puts printing. Almost wrote that shit off today.
Lemmings walking off a cliff.
Same
That’s a nice liquid stock...
Don’t have the collateral
Idk probs just $1 OTM when I buy @ ~3:30
I once knew a man named Tim Burdick, rolls off the tongue nice
Sell dkng?
Get on BABA for next week today. I’m guaranteeing you a +10% Monday
Guh it's such an obvious play right now but I'm still down 33% today 🤡
Alexa, play let the bodies hit the floor by Drowning Pool.
you'll just be taking debt... lol
Spy going up on low volume. End of day dump?
Don’t have enough collateral
Same lol
SPCE is a weird one for me man. I never could time it properly.
Fuck it holding NIO 54/57 calls exp next friday
FDs work on a hourly time frame, big dick.
Update on Trade looks like Traders will lock in close to 50% of the Premium taken in on the trade. There is some upside Risk on the SPY 355 Call Strikes and there is a need to cover the DIA 291 Call Strike at a loss of 350 dollars right now. Just to close this out unless there is a massive sell-off to close the day below 1% on the indices the take-home is going to be around 500 bucks - Good luck if you took on the trade and congrats on the profit - Annualize it and the returns are massive :)
CRSR should pump
this aged well
hahahahhaha
The chorus of bag holders
$BA
Company insiders. That's always a good signal.
Fr this is the most wsb shit I've seen 😂
NIO just keeps going, yes
Baba
Shit how long do I hold my $27 11/20 NIO puts?
show a screen shot of just that section in RH. i dont see anything in my desktop options settings
ok thanks will do
Lol they have 4-wheel cars as well. Their eRoadster looks really good imo
I thought pltr was a mattress
[deleted]
Don't worry about boomers, definite end to lockdown sometime next year is positive for lots of beaten down shit including energy
What makes you think it will go to 60? I'm debating selling
Yeah they are worth .01 now
Shit happens bro, you can't always win.  If stuff like this makes u sad and want to cry, maybe you shouldn't invest at all..... Sounds like your life will be less stressful
What a shit day
Xi likes his pigs fatten up before slaughtering them
When you have PDT rule and can’t sell NIO until Monday fuck my life
Just like always, when you see the daily thread clogged with a ticker and people posting memes in their own threads, that's WSB calling the top and it is time to get out.
Bought more Nio leaps
RKT, FSR is free $
Sold NIO.  Double downed on BABA.  Still have faith in the Chinese!
Until Becky gets that pumpkin spice
Lockdown imminent
Please cut it loose my man.
So fam, this (Nio) is why you use trailing-stops (or hell, just a stop) and don't go full-retard with blind devotion to any company that doesn't know (or care) that you exist.  If you're *<insert meme stock here>-gang*, you're also bag-holding when it drops instead of moving on to the next thing.
You know, this would actually be a cool move
I saw, definitely avoiding now.
Yeah I was about to but I think it’s run up too much for a Spac not about to merge
Yea, I've seen this before. I'll prob wait till eod and pick up a monthly or something. Thankss
this did not age well
Yeah, guess I’m retarded
Why must everything end badly. Can’t these people just let a stock go? They didn’t fucking stop Tesla
No no, let the puts I sold expire first 😬😬
[deleted]
Spy is up big but we all know bulls got fukt.
She’s bald and looks tired as fuck
With their PLTR software, I’m sure you are already flagged 👍👍
Boomer stocks
Check out the TTM Squeeze indicator. I don't really use it to trade but just something I look at when I see price consolidating in a tight range for a while. In this case, it was showing a squeeze on the 5 min. The bigger the time frame the squeeze is on, the bigger the potential move once a breakout occurs.
I’m carrying these NIO puts into the weekend, figure the bulls got rewarded for being greedy assholes this morning, why shouldn’t we on Monday? 🐻
Have to be crazy to hold nio for the gap down to $30
STOR - Store Capital is MOONING!!!
So much NIO loss porn incoming
lol got downvoted for saying Chinese EVs were a bubble...this morning 😂
The only way
Kissing the ring as we speak, back to $330 next week!
Nio falling back to levels not seen since Wednesday. BTDF = BUY THE DIP F... !
u sure? i feel like they would get pumped bbut i cant put dumb money in there lol, movie theaters kinda dead
Pltr holding my portfolio up while nio... good work sir
why is TDOC getting drilled today? Did COVID disappear?
Jesus fucking Christ NIO what the fucking fuck
Nio call holders were jacking off during pre-market. Look at them now. Don't get greedy retards.
It’s amazing how NIO IV is still going up today. Holding $45 Jan2022 calls, gonna sell some more covered calls, like a $55 11/20 before market close today, that’s gonna cover another 10% of my long cost right there
Not with that mentality
Can someone eli5 plz
Ive been watching it, looks like it wants to retest the 100 dollar level.

If it fails there there is this upward trendline but it depends on how much time to get there. If you go to trading view just draw an upward trendline that touches its previous lows. that's where it bounced off of the other day.
That’s a negative, Ghostrider.
Did BABA find its bottom possibly?
Guys get Lowe’s calls for earnings next week. It’s a slam dunk
Citron fucked me before with an INO evaluation. Sold my NIO calls the instant i saw the report. From here on just auto-buy puts anything they talk shit on.
I think watching autists get slayed by bubbles is the best part of this sub.
Elon turn on the lights
Yeah shady AF
There is not a bearish case for nio.
This aged well
SPY just doing it’s own thing while tech crashes
Damn NIO 45p was a 50 bagger today 😳
Fuck you Im not selling
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
BA next stop is 216. Then a retest of 230. Then possibly to 250 but 230 will be fine with me of it happens.
Good We like takin’ dumb money.
EVs down. Oil stocks up. 

Electric trend over, buy your ICE vehicles.
NIO = Free Money
Trump campaign dropped lawsuit in Arizona lol 😂 I guess he said she said isn’t gonna cut it.
tree fiddy
Shit is flat af now lmao
It’s so easy to swing trade though if you have the capital.
Sold early today at high, took profit, still believe in nio uppies for next week so I’m buying the sale.
This guy...  You better post your results!
Grindr
Sold NIO. Fuck NIO. What’s next? I need to break even.
All that money coming out of NIO and getting pumped back into 💰BABA💰
WTF should I buy now??!!
PDD you’re going to make me cum my pants 👖
How is it that geniuses are so often dumb AF?
I lost $1k on NVDA calls when the Great Recession happened around 10 am. I lost $200 on NVDA puts when the hulk rally started. Holding those puts would have net me +3k. 

If anyone needs me I’ll be contacting BLACKED to see if they have interest in my wife 😔
famous last words
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/wonderingmonkman don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
they bought? dump eet
[removed]
🔪👋🖐=✊
And we believed them smh
Nio to $28 then china will get butt hurt and launch it to about 40 and then bank rupt the end
This is just the part where agent smith keeps calling him Mr Anderson, and then while he’s being choked out he says “My name is Nio” and rockets through the ceiling. Just give it another week.
Just take out a subprime loan, it’s the only way bro literally can’t go tits
Spy puts for the win
Just be a patriotic evil person and buy PLTR. Don't be traitorous evil.
Rip
Why is Netflix shitting the bed 🤦‍♂️
This aged like milk. Hopefully earnings report is good though and it goes back up
This sub sometimes gets theses things wrong
Man you know I need these 5 bucks 😭. But 💎 🙌 on my spy puts. Good stuff on today for u tho
🤡
because i'd like to think by 2023 the market would have come to its senses
Rip Nio

2020-2020
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why do I keep looking? Why
All the NIO bulls that hated on FSR, where is your god now? Buy American made EV
I’ll fukin do it again
Webull
Broke
Hahahahaha so salty
You sir, are the true idiot
Maria with that insider trading..
Most of the retards on here live that lifestyle, minus the gains.
Has anyone heard from Jack Ma?
Bush did 9/11, there are aliens we are in contact with, Hell and heaven are the same...list goes on m8
Lol my entire gains this week wiped out. Ffs
Webull
Buy the dip ffs
This didn't age well
What happened?
Lost 50% portfolio on NIO calls today

At least I sold my 20 shares in my IRA at 48 haha

Ha

FUCK
There was a language barrier. By buy shares, they meant sell all their shares
I recommend buying SRACW.
It rode up on hype, and the hype is dead. Sell before it goes down to 40.
I want to buy the NIO dip fuck
N**
More like NKLA
I’m so sad... I pussied out and sold my nio when my avg was 33 at 38... fomoed this morning even tho I didn’t want to and instant fucked. My new avg is 53 I want to cry guys...
$30K from ATH. Keep going papa pow, this gusher is about to blow!
Why the fuck do you have 2023 puts?
Who knew that Amazon would become one of the worst performing stocks in the SP500?

That wasn't on my 2020 bingo sheet.
Can SPX die already so my 0dte AMZN 3100P finally prints
Why
I got my baba 252.5/247.5 put credit spreads in at the bottom. Here’s hoping the bottom doesn’t become the top
Holding SPY 357C with next week exp
Might sell EOD
Nah IV is so fucking high. I’m selling puts EOD once the tanking is officially over
[deleted]
Lol be safe out there.
It’s slow but it goes in the right direction as of late.  Have Jan 22 7c and Jan 21 9c
There it goes
Wow. I am bad at this game
Calls are bad m'kay
Diamond handing these NIO 11/20 $60C. No way it doesn't break ATH again either before ER or afterwards when they beat it like LI and XPEV did.
NO PAIN NO GAIN WHAT U GOT BITCH
That was the trigger for the rug pull.
shouldve sold. you ruined my friday sq
BABY is my new atock
Rip bud
I am excited to post them
Someone help me out. I NEED a new daytrading app to feed this addiction you fucks helped me fall into.
If you follow the herd, you get slaughtered with the sheep.
There is only one Elon
>” ~~Tin foil hat~~ theory”
Right when I decided to buy from all the hype here too!
That’s a margin call you fucking absolute retard.
It was an exaggeration of how much anal drilling nio would do today .. but hey congrats on selling right at the top
Just think of it as a chance to get more shares for cheap
Still bag holding 🙄

Can’t wait to unload these
In terms of call options? Yes in the short term
Love your degeneracy, keep up the good work
Where are all the simps for China that were here this morning ⛩ 🍛 🍚 🇨🇳
[deleted]
So how are the ETFs up? Like literally Amazon red apple red Microsoft up like .5% wtf
I would load warrants. Maybe throw in some calls.
Nah fam that's the ventilator
babaliscious
Shares or calls?
SQ so disappointing lately
Nio goes back to its levels of...2 days a go..
What makes it japanese?
Dude fr
[removed]
no, there is definitely something going on. Not sure exactly what, but I guess we will see over the weekend
Lots of sad zoomers
LI DONT DO IT
😂

Chitown reppin'!
Im already expecting muddy waters to hop on citron’s back and take a groin hit on nio, crooked fks
Plz tank
[deleted]
I don't know how to do option yet - would you recommend just buying the SRAC or should I learn how to option it? And which would be a good call?

I'm ready to gamble a bit
Maybe I can afford it when it does
NIO freefall my puts printing!  Get fuct bulls
Fuck Nio, you idiots are really gonna buy at the top after a 1000% run?
*to
This is what I come to WSB for. Congrats
probably all those chinese EV ADRs rotating into try and true ecommerce
Wishing I would’ve hopped into KCAC calls 2 days ago. Not gonna fomo when I see what’s happening to NIO
Actuay, you know what? Screw that. I'm selling everything NIO. Maybe next week will be better
Economists are like weatherman
I’m afraid so.
You sir know how to party
COMM about to gl parabolic. Last chance.
Still hasn’t dropped past 43 as of right now. It’s lost the hype but will still reach mid forties at least during run up to earnings. After earnings it might be fucked idk
Yes they beat earnings Hit 80 a few minutes in and then dropped to like 60 and then again to 50s.  Money is rotating out of furniture online stores. Yes they have more, but they don't care. I traded OSTK from under 10 - > 110 this year along with options. I don't see it going back up beyond 60s until next earnings.
That isn't going to happen. It will be a slow crawl back so don't go in thinking it's going to rocket back to 300 in a few days.

That said if you have the cash it's pretty much a locked ~20% return over a few months - that is still hard to pass up.
That he concedes
 Boomers are desperately clinging to any good news about a vaccine
Tuesday is officially ice cream Tuesday 

Calls on Baskin Robbins
Cheaper calls man. Don’t fight it. I bought my first NIO calls today after the drop.
[deleted]
😫😫😫😫http://imgur.com/gallery/0q28QUP
I'm not sure how you figure that. I know it's cliché, but the market is forward looking. I don't know why vaccines would have to actually be delivered in December for recovered stocks to recover as long as they are forecasted with confidence to bounce back.
Money plant i bought is working. I might be the next Buffet. Nio puts ftw
sometimes it pays to be a betacuck, love you NIO
I was waiting 3 weeks for this comment 😂
Not typing on an iPhone, okay?!
Same
nio insane volume :O +400 M broooo this is so funny, amateurs bought shares in the morning, and big money exited in the afternoon...
Why would you buy Put leaps?!
Not cool, bruh.
NIO 2 day chart looks like its flipping every one off.
How the hell is BUD going up right now!!???

BUD $61.5p 12/04
...would I be retarded if I said yes?
Sold at the top pal. Your call of $21 is also retarded as fuck still lmao
Bring back the volume
EV crush!
You are a fucking asshole dude. Fuck off retard.
Never average up
#say it with me: NIO 2 ZERO
vaccine hope
Pull out and go back in when it’s lower
[deleted]
[deleted]
can't wait to see your loss porn
I sold a NIO 43p for $5 this morning, now worth $90. AMA. Luckily I didn't have a shit ton.
You owe them all the money you’ve lost.
CCP just taking profit in NIO nbd
Profit? Cuz if so - stfu
Credit cards exist my dude most Americans are hella deep in creedig card debt, but not us, right? Right guys?
People see NIO in the red for 1 day and call it dead. See you at 60$ in a week retards
$28
Already down. Nothing insane happening there I’m talking an actual bubble like GME and nio. Something with a crazy run that ends up killing over a quarter of this sub.
This aged fine...
NIO PUTS PRINTING EVEN MORE :D
Picked a bad day to buy nio for the first time
Dont bet the farm on my word, I am after all, an anonymous retard from the internet.
[deleted]
Here's the clown who bought NIO 52c/70c spreads at 10am today 🤡🤡🤡

Hope you fools used my money to buy ps5
This aged well
go baba, go baba, go baba! GO!
Anyone holding NLS calls?
my nio puts for 2023 are up a massive... 6% 😂😂😂
Is it realized or unrealized losses
XI: "Nothing personel, kid."
Notorious short selling company. They generate scary looking reports and post them right after they take a bearish position.
You are also correct
I agree $28
Jesus these COVID tech stocks are getting flushed hard
Buy NIO at higher price
Citron: NIO is having an earnings report soon, we could evaluate the current state of the business based on Q3 results... or we could downgrade 3 days before

Honestly fuck this. Doesn’t even make sense to put a downgrade before earnings. You’ll literally have more info in 3 days lmfao. They don’t wanna see us win boys. Still 💎👋🏻 btw. +45% from +270%
Slim to none
It's one letter away from YOLO
what could trump announce during his press conference that we don't already know/he hasnt told us?
I made 160% profit lmao
BABA it’s time.
PLUG Nooooooo
NIO shitting the bed
Hopefully my ducking BA puts are getting smacked
won’t even be 40 by close
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/hockeyiscool2018 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Solo
I'm an idiot, what do you want from me?! But at least I held my puts, so it's not all bad.
[removed]
Aw, no way. Not possible. 🤣
Finally the nio spam will stop
NIO bulls are just as greedy as Bears in March. Prove me wrong
People commenting about what they think about people who think about NIO price changes are idiots
$50 by March, lets do it
I am guessing casinos are there for a reason, some people taking risk just for fun.
Was it all a typo? Did the initial pumper mean INO???
hahahahhaha fuck
Don't hold the bag ...
NIO = lucky coffee 2.0
Buy the dip nio & xpev
I always love seeing how quickly my options can lose value and then how slowly they recover
Everytime when this sub jumps on something and get obsessed, things like this happening
Buy NIO
why would i sell if there is potential it would go my way? that is why you diamond hand and lose everything
Definitely
we all gambling idiots
Yeah, you know what, maybe I'll regret it, but I'm dropping everything out of NIO except for 2 11/20 60c's at 1.24. 

I can afford to loose that.
I mean... yeah
what are the odds of Nio turning green today?
wym? like upwk management is buying up stonk?
NIO 60 EOD they said. NIO 100 EOM they said.
Debating loading up on some QQQ LEAPS before the weekend
imagine not buying baba at 260. 

Good sound business in booming China.


Get on before it’s too late boys
TBH, as a ChingChong, I have never heard of NIO before.
Maybe if you go to settings, account, and turn your account to night mode you can continue your trading at Night -__(^-^)__-
Nope. Not cutting my losses at the bottom. I'm holding
Because I lost 2k on that fuck tard
AAPL is becoming a boomer dividend stock.
Sold NIO puts at a loss today 😔
baba
Ehh the White House speaking on warp speed today after hours makes me feel like they’re going to release some good news and the markets will pump over the weekend. I don’t think they would come out and say they haven’t made any progress or a vaccine isn’t in the immediate future, I’m still holding my puts for the next few weeks though just in case
[deleted]
🍻
Can’t tell if this is real or not 😂😂😂
Guaranteed my ass... told you it would go down more 🤡🤡🤡
It's Don Lemon from CNN. Write him a letter.
Jack Ma gave winnie the pooh a good ol' fashioned reach-around
MY 200 T SHARES HAVE FINALLY BROKE EVEN 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾 T GANG RISE UP
Nio bubble popped what’s next? 🤔🤔
Even the most basic retard could have looked at NIO's 6M and seen that it has been overbought for 11 straight days. Thank you puts
Don’t correct him, don’t encourage it.
IV crush more like EV crush
Man. I really should take my company public. Negative revenue, negative eps, and I value it at a 5 billion market cap. I'll cut wsb a deal at ipo. You buy shares for ipo and we will know go up. Calls will be avaliable day after ipo
I hope u lost all your money 😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
🙏
lol ure shitting me right

lemon is retarded but he's as big of a short seller there is
SPY at a key point right now. Possible double top for the week while also coming off a double top all time (double dead cat?). Reverse batman pattern and smooth transition could mean big uppies.
BABY BABABABBABABAA BABABITO
Its going to $1.50  then
VXX at 19, SPY near resistance - Monday red?
[deleted]
Seeing Nio at $43 as I wrote this comment...
QUIT BEING A BITCH AND BŮY THE DIP
[deleted]
What is holding spy up anyway
You should let me have sex with your gf
wait till EOD and decide
Gotta admit, didn't have philosophy on my radar here. But makes sense now that I think about it
Ride shiny and chrome on your EV to the gates of Valhallaaaaaaaaa
local minimums ;)
I wish but I will be happy with 270.
The volume on that BABA dip is not bullish.
38.50-39$ support floor
SPCE having a launch possibly next week
What happens if flagged as PDT for the first time on TDA?
Wow, I didn't know we were strictly going on hourly time frames, big guy.
Okay, I sold NIO. What’s the next move
NIO is slain, Palantir lives.  
Just like the prophecy foretold.
Not too late to board the GE train
Lol it’s swinging more rapidly than the swing states in election
waiiittttt, so whole markets getting a bump on monday? prolly reopening trade
Why is PTON so gay?
  
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
GOD THIS AGED WELL

Still hilarious
Calls
somebody post their purchase of XPEV and/or NIO at open of $50+ please

please.
Im honestly considering buying a bunch of MOON
It has to be 1% per day. But yeah, if you're offering that, we've got a deal and you can take my nuts.
I have shares from like 15 and I plan on holding them long after seeing fvrr 😂😂
NIO gang got what was coming for them
Is Nio coming back?
11/20 45p diamond handed 💰💰💰
Big oof
Damn I wanna see some NIO loss porn after that sea of gain porn yesterday
Amc
Cause the market hates you
\-20% from HoD. 🤣
Did you say anything to them in the moment or just let it slide?
You might have a new daddy soon Jimbo
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
This aged well lol
Anyone else watching nio drop?
BuYing calls EOD or when it hits 100
I’m sure they’re watching you right now on here. Switch to your alt account bro. Good luck
SDIV to the moon 🪂
Never once touched NIO nor even mentioned it. Now I want in. Shit was pumping aggressively too without giving one a good entry point
Pfizer limp noodle MRNA big shrek
Anyone got any spare change?
What are warrants? Should i load up on these Dec calls on the cents?
I bought today at 54.
The stock has dropped more then double the stake baba has in ant go learn something
Finally my 11/20 BAC $3P I bought in April will expire and get off my list
So out of China and into China?
LOL. On to calls now. Double or nothing.
I anticipate yes
Turn it into a spread
BABA is going to $200
BABA GOOOOOOO
Buy the PLUG dip u poor fucks
Jk. I'm stupid
Tin foil hat theory: MMs cut a deal with shitron to take down NIO and make hundreds of thousands of calls expire worthless
I'm all in BABA
Starting to think NIO might not be green by close 😰
Yes
Normally I would, but it’s competitors did not. 
But I think it could dip if people are more nervous now and will want to sell off before or after ER
No watch me catch these falling nio knives
i think that makes you the bigger retard
Fuck yes
where can you see that?
Well at the very least you guys can say you donated to Communist China clean energy 

Xi and citron laughing their way to the bank
parties over for nio
I bought NIO puts, $40 11/27 at $48 yesterday but I’m not making millions. 100% so far, waiting for more
Lmao get good
WSB: “NIO is undervalued! Should be worth more than its current valuation of $1M per car! Buy the dip faqqot!” 🤡
Lol, I bet that few mins of 400% gains was euphoric. I can imagine you saying “diamond hands mother f**ker” when watching it go up then being in denial on the way down. Just talking from experience here...
damn so it's just a bounce. No real news? Was actually hoping for a xi/ma agreement or something
NIO is done!
Lol
Fuck me, I was panicking today on my NIO puts but now I wish I bought more.
You think? 90 days right?
Strikes?
Bynd $130 next week
[deleted]
So what some nice boring dividend stocks?
yessirrr
Done. Fuck it. All school need lockdown again soon
I don't even know what I'm going to eat for lunch tomorrow....
what we doing we PTON?
There is a daily gap at 22$
one of us.
EV bubble popped by Citron
i live for comments like these
The same people causing it to go down are the ones who will pick it back up again at the bottom. The market is being manipulated right now to take all the small time robinhooders money. These are large instutions who plan these drops. I refuse to sell and give those fuckers my money. NIO is going back up anyways w/ upcoming earnings.
GUUHHHHH
They really don’t they split their way into getting it😂😂
Now I made money
I can’t believe I listened to you idiots and bought NIO at 45 thinking it would come back up fml
Holding 20x 295c on BABA. I feel that bud.
Well. Should’ve sold NIO at open
What happened to the Chicago mayor? 😐😐😐 did stress do that to her or wtf
Who the fuck is Citron anyway? I can’t believe these random ass reports can make stocks move so much
I put 15k in puts into NIO when it was at $52 this morning and I’m not selling until it’s $25.  Leggooooooo.  We ride this baby up, and we ride this baby down!!!!
Went in on SOLO today. Calls and shares.
[removed]
Sold my Nio put this morning at the peak. Fuck me
Yep
Seriously NIO? After 4.5 hours of getting to choke my gorgeous portfolio with your cock, two little poots of green is all you could manage? Pathetic. I registered an account just so I could leave this comment in hopes NIO sees it one day. Fronting like you're some alpha male, while I'm performing my heart out, and what do you give me? Two tiddlywinks of 51c? I've never felt so personally offended by before. You're a real asshole, pal.
and yes, only on desktop- I can't see it on my phone and 0dte on my mobile are unavailable. However on desktop I may buy them but it gives me the sweep warning and let's me know it will count as a day trade.
Who was the chump that bought my NIO calls?🤣🤣🤣🤣
For mos tit, it is hard
Sell nio and buy Baba. So undervalued
you can’t sell if your account wasnt >25k the previous trading day.
Take the L, lock in the gains, stay on RH for everything other than day trades. And move to another broke or high risk day trades
They are positioning themselves to own the infrastructure for quick battery swapping stations across Asia. They current have 155 operational.
Lol happened the next day
Held at support, likely on the way up until close.

I'm betting on it gapping up on Monday but it's still a risk - things are still dicey.
😂😭🤡🤡🤡—me rn
Being bullish on a company does not mean being retarded. Cut your losses man.
NIO in absolute shambles
Only up 700% on nio now:/ 1100% this morning was nice I guess
Whose jealous of my nio puts? I know the retards who sold these to me are in here
Waiting for the SEC  to come knocking on my door. Sold Nio Calls yesterday and immediately moved to puts on whim.
I just picked up some long 45c for december
SE is going to be a monster over the long term and everyone knows it
^
Whats your 6 month projection?
NIO has support at $40. If it loses that....
Does zm dip again once moderna announces vaccine?
Amen. Document the emails too. In case you get fired for reporting the incident.
It's not meant as an insult. The training's also just very different
Everyone likes EVs and SOLO isn’t even Chinese.
I had enough sense to sell my position when it was at 54 lmao
what are good reopening stocks we should play that will spike when moderna announces vaccine?
Baba to 300 eom
baba executed fifty babies
[removed]
Nio going to 42 descending triangle and broke 44
Hmm, are these "good" announcements typically done that late in a friday?

May just buy super cheap OTM puts and calls EOD
This.
Meats back on the menu boys!
Dumnuts
Is Nio dead? I’m still up should I pull out now?
SPXS 4p 11/20 are the way to hedge bears
NIO look out below
NIO fucked me so hard
goddamn....witnessed
Yeah fuck NIO.
Well let’s just say I make $25k look like a partial tax bracket.
Thank you for your sacrifice.
anyone else rotating out of the meme EV & into BABA?
I am actually interested just because of the report lol it wasn’t one of Andrews best reports and after pton shop and shit I told myself I would inverse him😂😂
I am going to strangle tf out of SPY eod
welp...
Spread to lock it in
tendies ?
*slow clap* that's good
Hope nio bulls sold & if not, you were a pig. Too bad I don’t like buying puts cause I’m pussy
I’d rather lose my entire portfolio on Chinese government EV stocks than have to watch Apple’s limp dick movement for the past 2+ months. They don’t deserve the 2T badge.
[https://i.ibb.co/pyzzH3g/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/pyzzH3g/image.png)

VTI (Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund ETF) largest dark pool share print since 2/20.  2,166,367 for $395,600,278

VTI holdings & sector diversification:

[https://i.ibb.co/9vjjp2B/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/9vjjp2B/image.png)
What expiry
[deleted]
BABA.. take your time 😘
PDD hittin' with that triple nut
Who’s the real retard in this scenario? Lol
Usually pumps don't dump intraday this hard. Nio seems to be the exception.
Check out UPWK. Lot's of insider buying recently to boot.
So glad I bought weeklies and sold at open
Rip whoever bought my nio calls this am
90% of this sub just got wiped out lmao
Loading calls EOD gimme gimme gimme
XI, I TRUSTED YOU
You’ll be fine
Hey if u out of day trades and bleeding out don't forget you can sell an option against the one u have to lock in your losses
anyone buying vaccine stocks? Pfeizer or what?
Sam Raimi’s original spider-man (2002) is still the best spider-man ever made and no one can convince me otherwise.
Everyone into PFE! Hurry, before it moons!
[deleted]
Dear God, please pton I thought you were safe and you are FUCCIN MY LITTLE BOI PUSSY.
but that's where I poop from mr. wang
[deleted]
Yup
This is going to be Trump's last pump before he leaves the office.
Go BABA go
So you think NIO should be valued at more than $1M per car? 🤡
“I’m still alive but I’m barely breathing”

-NIO
Times like this is when I’m glad I did half and half
5$ take it or leave it.
Sold 415/430 spreads on zm... Probably a mistake.
I doesn't have to be strictly bad news. But if the first vaccines aren't being distributed until late December or they don't expect everyone to be vaccinated until May/June then that's definitely worse than what the market is pricing in.
Baba calls was the right call
Lol I was gonna buy nio right now but I don’t think that’s smart.
I swear WSB members make comments like this as a joke when this is the SMART thing to do. 

When the fuvk do you buy? When it’s shrek green and premiums are through the roof?
Nobody needs data platforms when covid is over they need cruise lines /s
Yeah, I knew it was a little OTM, but earnings are coming up
Hold out for eod dump
Keep puking em up in to the close boys.
I can't tell if I like sorting this thread by new more than I like sorting the Monday Night Football thread on r/nfl by new more.
Should I hold puts over the weekend?
Goddamn nice shit yo. I was up 6k, and sold it at 5k. No regrats...
This guy gets it
I am entering 11/27 ZM 500C. Witness me
Thought 11/20 82 calls were a safe play a few days ago but nooooo. Should have just sold them yesterday.
Digital consumer finance
That’s antelope though. Also rip NIO holy shit
$MSP mooning today!
Nio dip buyers in absolute shambles
Idc about nio. SPY is so illogical
[removed]
Why was this deleted?
Nah bro buy the dip 😂
This PDD call is up 300% but out of day trades
Like if you know what the fuck you're doing. Dislike if you don't
LMAO right here son. Small time autist, so I only made 500$, by that effectively doubled my RH portfolio.
I was worried about riding covid cases, NY governor talking new lockdowns and a Biden aid talking local lockdowns on a national level. Didn't want to be greedy.
Dont worry $60 call 11/20 baby ride it out to the moon
What was the news on baba?
They also took years to be valued so high. They were producing mainstream vehicles and proprietary technology for sale for 8 years before they were valued higher than any major automaker, and around for close to 20. So if you want to compare them to Tesla, compare them to 2014 Tesla, which had a $15-30 billion market cap. Nio is currently sitting near $60 billion, 2-4x what Tesla was at similar maturity. Seems overvalued even compared to Tesla, which was called overvalued at that price.
The line for the last 2 and a half hours looks pretty flat to me champ.
This did not age well. Shits tanking faster than the titanic
People who thought NIO was gonna keep going up are idiots. People who think it’s gonna crash back to 20$ are also idiots.
wow.... finally was able to close my NIO spreads on RH.... was 9 ITM at the highest and RH couldnt fill shit, even leaning heavy to the bid side. all it took was for it to go -1 OTM and then i got my money back....

fucking lame as fuk.
heavier than my fat bitch of an ex wife atleast
Exp?
wish I could make a bet with you on this and take all of your money.
NIO $25. Final offer.
My usual mistakes tend to be on FDs with large positions. Decided to take my profits from that giant run up on Monday and go into something long term.

&#x200B;

I do really like PLTR so best of luck on your FDs!
lol, well the common wisdom is that it's all just random and you can't have an edge. If you can't get over that sentiment any success looks like luck and TA is tarot. But once you accept it's manipulated and driven by machines, well ... Still looks like it's from a bad movie at first glance
Rapid antigen and notoriously shit and have a sensitivity of 50-60%
Monday is a bit premature. They only just hit the threshold of infections on Wednesday. Wouldn’t expect anything valuable from them until maybe 25th
What the fuck i invested solo without a single google because of you retards. Thats not a fucking car. God dam. Never again swear to god
Babba finally catching a bid
There she goes...
+30%
Everything they said is perfectly rational and isn't new information.  People here knew all of that stuff and were just choosing to ignore it and ride the wave up.
my spy puts got absolutely rapunzled today
This is the way.
SNOW getting pretty low. I know it’s overvalued AF but make get a bounce soon if the market remains strong
Most retarded shit I’ve seen. Why would you buy high and sell low
Just invested in NETE
oh god. i want my mommy!
This but unironically
Sucks for me that China Tech is so closely tied to QQQ. Hopefully the earnings next week can prove that they are faster growing and more lucrative 

$165 12/18 BIDU
HBI calls 1 month out pretty cheap
We might see 29,600 on the Dow today. Then, 30K+ on Monday.
Jack ma you should go and kiss xi ring or what the fuck they do out there lol
You had plenty of times to cash out after the citron report. But no. Couldve been 240k to 220k probably
NIO noooooo
Do y'all think NIO Is going to hit 46 by next week? I'm feeling like I should just sell my calls now and take the loss.
Might be one of the best decisions of your life mate
[deleted]
Everytime I got fucked up was when I got greedy come on nio bulls smh
11/27 CSIQ 41c
You are god when you’ve lost feelings for market
im actually not fucking with you at all. To be fair- I didn't turn it on myself. I got a notification asking me if I would like to turn it on and I accepted. If you can tell me how to post proof without doxing myself I'm happy to take a screenshot of it. It's listed as "Same day expiration" under Options Trading in the settings page. I shit you not.

edit: u/Jackie296 for your reference as well.
dude.  ghetto spread.  google it.
Short your company and then give an anonymous tip to the media for a smear campaign.
Fuck you AMD, throwing it all on CRSR Dec $30 calls
I wish I had more cash to buy the dip
BABA bags getting lighter
Get a lawyer, sue his ass, take 1 mili from his pocket, yolo into Solo, lose it all! Rinse and repeat!
Autistmobile
Should look at his latest tweets, doubt it's to concede.
Almost did at 53, but thought “ naw it’ll still climb” ... nope.
i believe i bought at $39.75
W/o giving too much away, I work in finance, not an analyst or trader though.

I am prohibited by federal regulation from engaging in direct trading, so I come here to make myself feel better about my inactive Ameritrade account.
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
NIO?
They were the reason it ran up it’s fitting they’re the reason they shoot down
no, I think it's something that will drive hotels/airlines and cruise ships up. Like you know, one of his "we found a cure on my watch"
And there it is
[deleted]
Just hold it
I'm holding. I think it has room to grow especially with these other EVs taking off
Seriously?  Report him to HR for sure
Fuck he's talking today? Now I'm actually scared for the gains I made today
only matters if they used a hard r
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
What percentage gain/loss are y'all all time?
It was a correction. The Citron valuation is garbage. Trying to short right before ER 🤡

NIO still has room to grow. The other EVs beat their ER and are catching up to NIO in share price but anybody with a brain can see NIO is ahead of the pack. It may correct to a more reasonable price after NIO Day (under $100) but $54 isn't going to be the ATH come January.
yea surely wsb would know
zoom out for me champ
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
[deleted]
Maybe buy some SRAC too
[deleted]
What tricycle would you like to purchase today sir?
guess im holding to 0 now ffs
Tell him he should have bought puts on the N-word. NIO
Nah like 15 delta lol
Any chance of apple hitting 124 by early December ?
Just pocketed $9500 today after spending like less than $1500
Throw hands
Guess I sold those spy 356 calls to early
Nawww
Casual racism is not cool brah
I threw a little bit of money into calls last Friday and this Monday I should've took my 700 profit but instead let it drop all the way down. If I just sold in the morning and switched to puts for the day I could've made so much fuckin money
I like dragging my little pointer to 10am today and imagine how happy I would’ve been if I was awake
i was jokin about citron comin thru yesterday but damn
lol sorry, thought only RH had that rule in the US
What if I shit on her dick?
Not nearly as heavy as the puts will be.
Lol these nio bulls got wiped the fuck out ignorant pricks
Took me down from 135k to 100k lil bitches
So your bet is that a $7 stock will go to $600? gg
Same
What about SOLO?
What r u shorting them or something?😂😂
You can’t fucking hold anything for a day or two. The gains are given right back.
MOON will moon.
Boomer F is gonna be hugeeeee
New CEO who knows what he's doing, makes EV, cheap ass calls. lets goooooo
LMAOOOOOO 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
if your account is at 38K then pull out?  your realized gains will settle and you will be above the 25K mark by close and any PDT will be lifted
can i still vote for the US elections
It was the same when TSLA was on the way up, the shorts garner too much analyst and media coverage.
Atm?
NIO is old news, we've all moved to AYRO
How low pton going to go
Come on NIO you can break 44
[deleted]
You fucked your selves
how heavy are those NIO bags?
Why ofc?
typical market day, what are you talking about
You really think he’s going to give a vaccine update that vaccines aren’t working? 😂
don't say it
I feel like Tesla has had a million red days in a row. This feels eerily similar to after Q2 earnings when $TSLA was rangebound between 1420-1550 then boom surprise with the stock split. 

I think we’re in for a surprise that’s gonna rocket this straight to 470 very soon.
Holy shit, I hope this is shares man
Smart man. Had the same, sold mine yesterday at open. Should have rebought back in with those at open today, but I prefer the FDs now.
[deleted]
just sell and move to a different broker in the meantime
NIO and XPEV are just being thoughtful and allowing other people to buy in.
Flat
It's goin up if they do that's for sure
ya

eeveryone from NIO moving to AYRO
Come on, Peloput, you're my portfolio's only hope. I wish I'd bought a NIO put. I got to start inversing these WSB meme stocks.
A captain goes down with the ship
https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/11/11/1011987/one-in-five-covid-19-patients-are-diagnosed-with-a-mental-illness-within-90-days/
Ofc.
I'll take you up on that. I'll pay 1% for one day.
[deleted]
Ya that ain’t so bad, I see it around 300 sooner than later. Gonna think this one over
Be greedy when others are fearful
Aw man, do I dare try an actual SPY FD for Monday? Never done one because I thibknits stupid but I saw people spending only $70 for one at EOD last Friday and getting pretty large returns. Honestly, for $70, thats worth risking. Notnsure if puts or calls tho. I'll be watching today too, but it won't matter as much as what happens over the weekend
That would be a 25% drop and a 4 month low after they beat earnings. More likely scenario they hit 60$ish and trade sideways for awhile
no
What about Monday when we were reopening lol
Dude, just a single cursory glance at what you've typed - it's not much to ask. Takes like 10 seconds.
This is what's giving me diamond hands as well. 44 was a resistance a few days ago, and has become a support. If it stays above that then I expect NIO to head back up on Monday and Tuesday.
No no no. Buy more. Nio to 80
It doesn't ive tried
Citron's chance to cuck  the market and jump in before ER.

Hold steady, m' lad.
Just like that China fucked us 🤬
What are the thoughts on SOLO? I got 7.5c 11/20 feeling like I should wait it out till monday
Well you could try learning how to take a screenshot on your pc first...
I'm holding. Long term. I think this is a step below market manipulation. But I get why people are nervous. I just don't have feelings anymore so I can't get upset
Wouldn’t be surprised if it opens 38-39 range then bounces tho drilling further seems just as likely
20c 5/21
I feel real stupid earning $9500. NIO was a dumb move.
https://twitter.com/fxmacro/status/1327325630254305280

"194K new cases in the US...more shutdowns coming?"

so all in on ZM calls?
NIO is done dude meme is over
this sub reminds me of [this](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0535/3509/products/buy_sell.jpg)
If I'd have shorted that shit like a 🌈 🐻 I'd have some tendies to lose next week
Lol
Stock goes up 25% and WSB thinks that’s normal.
Stock has a pull back by how much it went up and WSB thinks they were scammed
Its probably already priced in
Dude I might but i might get burned lol
I feel like I want to hold BA over the weekend but ill be punished if I do
260c for 12/24 picked up today and a few 260c for 11/20 just for fun
If it had any reason to go down to $5 I'm not sure if it will be able to get back up lol not that its impossible but people would be burned so hard they would not return
Yeah
1/15 15c +40% so far. Excited for triple digits
damn so SPY aint goin down today then eh
11/20 17c

Let us bask in tendies
He has no pump left. 

One pump trump
greed keeps you in and pain takes you out
I’m boolin, waiting for EOD to sell some puts for next week
honestly not a bad move imo, I got calls on their marriage exp. Dec 2023
From 240k to 175k in the span of a few hours all thanks to Citron.
U I missed you so much.  I am exhausted from chasing you.
I feel ya, it going wrong would be worse than going right
I'm still not selling my 68c 12/4 NIO Call. Kiss my ass bears and this sell-off. It'll reverse come next week.
being flagged a PDT is such horse shit. watch your shit go up 100% and u can’t even sell it. my portfolio went to 38k but i cant fucking take gains. fucking crutch for ppl trading <25k
guys, who has been making millions on ev puts? like did anyone cop Li, xpev and solo puts before the great reckoning? maybe even nio?
D
[deleted]
Idk man the 60K I have made so far seems to be doing me right
Bought a few yesterday and more today. I assumed it would drop hard and fast with all the covid news. But you’re right, I should add a longer term option as well.
If it doesn't, earnings itself should. It's basically a guaranteed beat if Li and XPEV did it
My momma always told me I get extra chickie tendies and need to wear my helmet cause of how big my brain beez.
I'm just sittin' out here watching airplanes

Take off and fly

Tryin' to figure out which one I might bid on

And which one I can make money on when they fall
Trying to gain back a few IQ points, whats the most retarded rick and morty episode?
If you thought Nio was worth 60Bln then you had it coming.
[deleted]
I did that yesterday and decided against buying because they were so butt fucking ugly. Look at us now
MODS
Mango speaking at market close ohhhh boy
#AMC is next meme stock.

#LETS FUCKING GO!!!
No need to wait.
Always lol it’s just a matter of timing lol
Vaccine announcement today from the white house and moderna might be releasing their results on Monday
Yep
Chinese show no mercy. Lol
alright, time for PTON
Who has the balls to buy this NIO dip
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/mkaykov the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
SOLO up 30%, with 55% intraday peak, what a drag.
[deleted]
/r/agedlikemilk
All aboard the BA plane its taking off!
BABA 270c 12/31

EZ
Not always the case, if anything it might build an explosion of FOMO to all time high for Monday
Valid. Fair. And you didn't call me retarded or gay. YOU are a woman!
Ever since getting back on my meds trading has been less stressful
Biggest regret is not buying U calls but sold puts yesterday. Well, gainz r gainz fuck me for being a pussy.
Ahh ... flat at 7% up for the day.
Is it for sure supposed to be in relation to Warp Speed? Could it just be a different announcement?
He'll spend a huge amount of time whining about how the vaccine got announced right after the election.
Too soon, bruh.
NIO-tards are starting to question their investment, I love it. 3 days of uncertainty for them in a few hours. What's going to happen on monday? Down another 10%? 15% red?
[deleted]
nio vol picking up, pls moon and no bully. wife's boyfriend going to be mad if he sees what i did today
!remindme 7 days
Yeah probably, I loaded up on BABA 270c 2/19 a bit safer than the others as it's after Feb earnings.
Hahahahaha good you deserve to eat a loss for buying that garbage it will be down to $30 in a week
I also got some $20 calls.

&#x200B;

1/21/22 though heh
Photoshop. BAN HIM
You belong here
LOL WTF, its half a fucking car
Lunch break is over. Hopefully it gets better now
Like... PTSD?
It’s never a good day when Elon isn’t happy
Long term = 1 week
Kick them in a dick is an understatement
So, inverse WSB still holds true, huh?
LOL. This.
Buy high, sell low.
Can earnings run-up save NIO?
[removed]
Balls deep for their annoucement
I usually play credit spreads on AMZN because it’s expensive and it can move wildly up and down within a range, which is bad for straight calls/puts. When I saw AMZN at $2900 I grabbed a bunch of put credit spreads, easy money. These I got a little greedy on, but I’m currently still up, so I guess we’ll see what next week holds.

I wouldn’t take advice from me though, I’m working my way back after going $5k in the hole.
I know and shop under a 100 in a year lolll he is not considered as manipulating because he disclose his position lol that’s a dumb rule 😂
Is this sub still alive with NIO today?
BABA 280 EOD
This aged very well
N*O BACK TO LEVELS NOT SEEN SINCE YESTERDAY
RIP HALF THIS SUB 🤣🤣 silly nio china shills
Hope so
Yeah I guess JPM must have just fat fingered that buy...
nio? more like just no
So hypothetically how high will spy go if moderna announces their vaccine this weekend
LOL. I’d give my left and right nut for 1% a day
The Solo has 3 wheels so it’s perfect for us
Yes it is now time for the regularly scheduled Friday sell off panic session
Ffs yeah wtf 🤬
Elon wrestling with Schrödinger's Covid rn
yes
ZM does this thing where it either pumps and drops to where it was at open or drops and pumps back to where it was at open. Still praying for a 420 finish
violent selloff about to go 🩸🍾🩸
When WSB is crying over their Nio calls, it’s time to buy Nio calls
44 what??
Make electric cars and based out of THE NORTH!
[deleted]
I know a good Panaphonic TV when I see one!!
Leave yourself plugged up. Feels better
He will do it for vanity's sake
Same. Fuck PFE I was promised tendies.
Yep
Ford
yes
Solar -> Canabis -> EV. Weekly sector rotations. What's on the menu for next week?
Ride the wave...Chinese Jpow pumping it...doesn't matter. Profit is profit dumb fucks
Lol, RIP
What percentage of Americans do you think actively trade on any particular Chinese share?
NKLA is NIO they're merging dump it to 0
Did you get burned by Baba?
Finally baba
Maybe concede the election? It's pretty obvious he's officially lost, even to him. He wouldn't do that during market hours because it would hurt his pride to see the market pump on his news, I'd bet
I bet 🥭 will never concede. He was shit talking about Hilldogs popular vote lead due to illegal votes until late 2018. So load up your calls/puts he is going to hype how he is winning bigly everywhere. Also 🥭s been firing ppl non loyalists. Another fun fact 1/4th of rona patients are getting long term mental issues.
Zm 500 calls for Monday, you’re welcome
Lol ok great argument
Pton actually.
[deleted]
[link](http://letmegooglethat.com/?q=Andrew+left)
This aged like milk
NIOp $25 11/20 it is then
Aapl gonna go nuts
Who believes anything he says, a vaccine is still a ways off
NIO 30 before earnings?
Once I reach 100k, I’m going to be trading stocks for 1% gains daily
Andy did crush NKLA and made it drop 50% happens to be an EV company as well. Made Trevor Milton resign
Nio 0dte Time?
dont get leaps unless its below 14 again, theta gang on low cost stocks is the wae
Goddamn I’m getting so much anal sex after dinner tonight. I just gotta remember to shit before hand
This constant kiss at $44 is so anxiety inducing
They do, right? At least that's what I always thought. Finance majors can't actually handle the complexities I think
We got a vaccine coming tho, good vaccine news will outweigh any short term death or case numbers.
Fire
I got PTSD from this market and it will take years to recover.
PSTH go back down you jerk
F
But there a should of young people dying too. I know more young people that died from COVID than from any other cause in the last few years. Not to mention how old people have significant life expectancies nowadays. An 80 years old on average has 10 years left according to the social security table.
Meanwhile PRPL is at 28
Does he even care about the stock market at this point? Theres a 99% chance hes not getting relected.
Because you're too fucking stupid to understand the purpose of rapid antigen tests and their use case. 

These tests are used to identify people that need further testing in cases were time matters. Think the NFL, they probably use a rapid test on everyone first thing in the morning. If anyone knocks positive they isolate and are given the very accurate standard PCR test.

I would ask you if you feel fucking stupid right now but there is no way you understood what I just typed.
I don't foresee Trump letting Biden inherit his pumped up market. 

He's gonna throw a wrench in
I thought Biden was POTUS now 🤭
Jack Ma says “I am Chinese Elon”
In for one right now may buy in monday for more gl space cadet.
same lol. fuck
It’s funny how we don’t see any Citron reports about LI or XPEV, which have already reported, as opposed to NIO, which reports on Tuesday....

👌
Its like walking into a psychiatric ward and seeing some guy wrapped in cloth giggling/laughing to himself
yea i saw that one looks nice to me should i buy in, i think it could go up alot
Google their cars. Then you’ll buy puts
And also the least rewarding
Buy Hertz
How?
ishmael beah
Yuppppp
Only if you're left out.

Like me.
Made 800% on some 1 DTE Nio calls i bought yesterday and sold this morning 🔥🔥🔥
NIO lol hahahahaha bet a lot of you feel pretty stupid rn investing in this Chinese knockoff crap
Imagine buying nio rtteardedw Canada solo cars are my new Elon
Jack Ma says “back to making tendies”
About what? Market's up.

... oh, you must be one of them NIO tards.
I am sure some motherfucker rode it good and made a bank.
RISE BABA YOU STUPID MOTHA FUCKA RISE
noice
MRNA calls?
damn same
You're retarded if you aren't buying SOLO
go look again
Don’t
Couldn't possibly go lower than its ATH prior to yesterday that just sold off, right?  


Unless you bought shares to hold long, in which case, probably good
Thanks for this post gonna prob add large position here always pays to be early
Yep
[deleted]
very nice, and theyve got more room to run, ual to 45 new week tuesday
Bought 730 shares today.
It’s a chance to buy a call for Monday??
44 got that r-word strength. And no, I don't mean redskin.
[deleted]
You don't want proof. I'm just an old lady with sad, old.... proof.
To me your best predictor of realistic price is what the price of the stock was about this time last year. If you are seeing major gains more than 6%, you are in danger once the ship turns around. My opinion only. I’m no finance nerd.
PLTR going flat, I got 11/20 20$ FDs for a moon, not this gay shit.
Jack Ma says “Xi you are number 1”
NIO might be stupid, but there is no way in hell I am considering an EV startup whose YouTube promo videos are made in iMovie.
Type F to pay respects for NIO
Well duh, obviously yes. But then, when would you have gotten back in?
Just buy NIO puts now. They are going to shit themselves thru earnings
Must be this fucking Navarro guy
3/19
There is no way pfizer will use TFFP to reformulate the vaccine. TFFP has solid business model but your speculation lacks evidence. Looks like a carefully worded pump and dump.
Lol maybe cause this valuation was ridiculous enough for them ?😂
Yep lol
Yea Citron: Sonos to $30 JMIA is fraud, no wait JMIA is worth $100/share it sounds like one of those blogs that got acquired and the new owners increase the ad load by 1000% based on the previous owner reputation. Eventually people will stop listening.
Damn bro. You could’ve bought an entire mouth of new teeth at that return!
[deleted]
calls?
I guess 356.50 is the bottom now
Why not sell calls against your existing calls?
RKT
Godspeed my fellow turds
That's what I'm saying. This is the time to buy the dip lmao
Yeah lol
Baba weeklys are not the move but anything a month or two out that can be built upon is probably a great play.
BABA shares, cnk 12.5p and ccl 15p 11/20 let's gooooooo
Because everyone else is buying it.
So JPM bought $100 million worth of RKT shares yesterday and its red today? Wtf
Never a risk
Wasent this first twst with a person on bored ? Cant afford to make it crash
[deleted]
FSRRRRRRRR
$RIP NIO?
4 dolla
I bought Li Auto. Hopefully works lol
I wish I could! Went balls deep yesterday but still think I got it at a discount. Strict lockdowns make zoom go vroom
Genius. How did you know
shares? idk mannnnn
American made EV hype baby! Ride the wave. If bullshit like NKLA can hit $90 with fraud and fake products, no reason this one can’t do the same with a better business model. Actual legit CEO and product designs/timeline. I’m in for a flyer with a few May 20c
Goldman did this when they were touching $13. PT’d them at $8 and then they loaded up. Wouldn’t doubt Citron is doing the same
just bought a bunch of spy puts
Who’s buying into the NIO dip? How’s it looking EOD?
You didn't even mention the ticker but it's NIO isn't?  God WSB sucks so fucking much right now
I just came for the memes
No way im holding calls over the weekend with all the rona record deaths all over the world popping up today. Im ready for Friday sour hour.
Word, I needed that.
No idea. Made nice tendies tho
At least buy lube.
11/27 NIO 24put let's go
trump is going to announce something at 4. Something is up
SPY under 356.50 would not be a good look
lmaooooo so fax
Who the fuk is he?! No srsly I don’t know who he is
Naw bro. COVID is a joke. The new flu. Get use to it. Got my plane tickets to Miami yesterday. Bitch.
Anything really
Yo wtf
[deleted]
Trump not giving his Warp Speed update until after close. If he wanted a pump he would have given the update during market hours like he usually does. Just saying.
It's confirmed. OP is a little girl
Rip
Haha was that some kind of test? Cheers, seems like a shitton of information gathered.
Today apparently is a reopening play loll
All these EV pump and dumps are so fucking dumb
nio?
Like they did not let Apple, MCD, Starbucks etc win?
Way too low
Seriously?
Not going balls deep, but some and seeing what Monday brings.
No one cares about a grade 12 report that looks like it was done at 11:59pm. Shorts just taking advantage of it, but eventually, they’ll be squeezed. Didn’t the shorts lose like couple billion shorting NIO? When will they learn..
how did it go? you bought at the high right before it plummeted 10pct?
So where is all the nio talk bahaha!
never short a dull market
What if everyone in China is forced to buy one NIO share...
Anyone know wtf is going on. Do we panic now?
I had a 10 bagger when BA mooned and June. It's going to do it again next week. I can feel it in my loins!
theyve been ripping for days baby what is u doin
Market is jittery as fuck right now. If you're going super long, then there's occasionally good buys to be had out there. I'm just started buying my first shares of BABA yesterday and I think I'll go for a bit more. 

I don't think you should go all in for Chinese stocks, but a decent portion of your portfolio in Chinese stocks is likely not a bad idea if you have the appetite for risk.
Pretty good
I am extremely stressed and depressed. Bought NIO at 52 after selling my previous NIO position. All my gains gone. Thankfully they are Dec 18 calls but still... So depressed.
Are you retarded?
Sir this is a casino
[deleted]
Anyone holding NLS calls?
They are probably going to get hit next by one of the short groups lol
Mmm should’ve included some put in there
Cruise puts now
They would be pointless. Would be like making news about the regular waves when there is tsunami going around. Covid killed more in America than any war since WWII, and that's relevant news. People recovering from diseases is normal.
Last chance to get baba calls this cheap. Or at least I fucking hope so for the 5k worth I’m sitting on
I had 60c 11/27 this morning that I bought for 1.63 a few days ago. Should've sold at $5 but ended up selling at $2.95.
When does the market open today
[removed]
I’m in, Jan 355$ C.
zm 400 support is strong
Ya... I woke up and was rocking and rolling.

I checked on my lunch break and was like WTF
And that he gave Phizer that big beautiful contract
Nvda just go to 520. It’s a nice number. You can trigger more algos there too
I was at the dentist
I’m not unrealistic about that, just saying I think the market as a whole should realize this guy is a piece of shit who tanks momentum stocks to benefit his own short positions and not to take any downgrades from him seriously.
I bought some shares
id put my life savings in 2023 leaps and sleep for a year, wake up a millionaire
it's BS. i checked desktop. there is absolutely no setting at all.

he's blowing smoke up our asses since everyone would be celebrating if they allowed it
I don’t understand why this e-commerce play was just entirely unaffected
Got in about 30 minutes ago
Nope. All true.
NIO gang till I die. Holdn' it dine fo my nibba chinese elon. gang gang shit boii
I have access to fidelity NetBenefits as a non-american. But i cannot create standard non-us account.
When are you gonna sell?
Nope. Update on Operation Warp Speed.
Just bought NIO @ 44.77 :)
def not
are we going to ignore theta's facts tho?
Dude that's Plato
SPY put gang..
We either diamond hands or we only got dimes in our hands next week!
LOL you really think this recall will move share price?

I can tell you font know much about gm
Commence the sell off!!
This is a correction. If it holds 44 it’s fine.
SPCE test launch next week. Unusual whales spots a 31c 12/18. Its time to sail among the stars
Happy that I jumped off and took a big loss at 108
Please tell me im not the only one who bought at the top? Down 5.7k so far 🤡
nice call! you really know your stuff!
guys i haven’t had an erection in over 4 hrs, should i call my doctor?
Trump talking today?
Who the heck is Citron and why do they matter?
Pigs will fly when that happens.
soooooo, baba?
That’s the answer I needed. I’ll drop 10k in shares on a dip. I love you
[deleted]
why the gap up on spx at open? what is the upside play everyone sees that i dont
GME Holders: Please make a new announcement/PR to send us to tendie heaven!

GME Management: No, I don't think I will
That's true. Thanks bro
God Please. I know they have shitty clown cars but Let solo be at least 10 by Tuesday
Look at the bright side your gonna have tax write offs for eternity.
Buy the BLNK dip poor boys
[deleted]
Dude thought pton would be 5$ in january, pretty stupid how he can get away with his manipulation
Good morning to you. Yes we’ve been through hell and back
Its at a price it was 2 days ago .
Everyone realized Nikola pumping with EVs was a mistake since they’re not a real company, right? That’s why todays hype died faster than every other EV? I think I’m FINALLY ready to buy some puts on this company.
[deleted]
Honestly can't tell due to wide bid/ask. Ibkr says the positions are up and down across the tons I have, but if I try to buy the positions that are down, it gives me a mid point that is definitely up.

I usually don't look since these were all 6 months out.

It looks like 25% maybe but I never try to figure things out this early into a trade.
[deleted]
2020 man, can't underestimate anything...
Nice comeback SE
i hope nio goes down to 5 dollars
Yep. Edited lol
Finally decided to dip into PLUG calls.

This is going wonderful
SPY is stuck in 27m volume. Boomers want to wait till 🥭 speaks today.
The vehicles do, infact, look retarded. DD checks out.
Trump is supposed to talk about vaccines and virus developments but he'll spend 80% of the time talking about the election and 15% of the time talking about how he banned China flights first back in February and got called a racist for that.
Short report:  TESLA WILL UNDERCUT NIO PRICING 

China: “Do you really think we will let Elon win against a Chinese company?”

110% retardation
SOLO looks like 3/4 of a Geo Metro
Enclosed ev motorcycle
[deleted]
Good ole shares
oh shit, he's going to try do his job like he's in that last two weeks of school euphoria.
About to go hard into NIO.
For everyone asking why ZM is going down. The market is forward thinking and zoom is CRAZY overvalued compared to other tech stocks. YES everyone knows a second wave is coming. But the market is forward thinking, and a vaccine in the very near future is all but certain now.  Once that happens, will zoom still be in a better position than before corona? Most likely, but nowhere near this current valuation
How’s TSLA still going down when papa elon doesn’t even believe he has covid bc of how little it’s affecting him?
Sold all my airline stocks today. Made +80% on ALK and +60% on DAL :)
Picked up UVXY calls in case of something wild over the weekend
What does this even mean? You don’t have to try and sound smart on this sub, lots of other retarded kids to play with.
Homegirls drop it like the NASDAQ!!
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
So what does all this mean for Fisker?
That call was 4$ this morning. Ask me how I know, 😭😭😭😭
Hey MMs i bet you cant get sq to 185 today. You dont have that power, you wont
Did that lol then bought a put on NIO that I’m like +40% on and want to offload EOD
Literally my whole portfolio is red wtf is good with all this green is see
Sell some puts and make some money
Agree.

This thing is being manipulated by the Illuminati at this point..n
Donnie needs to just give up and enjoy like the last months golfing or some shit while we can enjoy the Biden pumps
Got my shares down to 10 each on NIO, XPEV, LI.

Made my gains, buy the plunge and wait for next week.
Fuck PTON why are you going down? Anyone know?
It won’t be much longer before this crashes and burns everyone don’t worry
I’m still holding 10C, 11c and 12c Jan/21, up 2,000%
My retarded NIO put bought last week just went from -99% to break even lmao
It's the way
[deleted]
Yep.
Alright, NIO bears. If NIO was trying to pump their stock and then pull the rug why wouldn't they wait until January when they have NIO Day and they can get all of these autists to keep buying until it hits triple digits?
lol you can see that the bio of insane quant is well deserved.
Obviously, I know that go somewhere.
What we buyin boys ???
Where are you now
What PLTR LEAP you got?
Dude really
50 minutes ago is old>
Rugpull
Citron should stick to fruit and leave EVs to the car manufacturers.
SOL?
But if it doesn’t it’ll shoot up
I think you mean 11/13/20
Why?
HE SAID HE'LL BE BACK TOMORROW
Because there is zero justification for it being worth this much. It’s all meme buying and people FOMOing into it
Training Consultants paid for by my work.
SPCE now and forever
[This aged ok so far] (https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5uo64/) 

Genuinely believe the algos start buying up Nio here soon.
SOLO alll dayyyyy I’m already in
already dumped 200k in calls lol, we ride now!
What do they do?
Buy ze dip
Sounds like what Ben Sharpiro’s wife would say
Cmon tech... don’t die
My AMD calls for next week are not having a good time.
Giving you a chance to load up
Shortly followed by Operation A Beaten Dead Horse
Avg of 115 for PTON, do I double down or just let go
Anybody know how getting listed on the NASDAQ affects stock? Bc $CGC is getting listed on nasdaq on Monday. Is that already priced in or nah?
He’s gonna concede with the new PA News
What’s it like to be this retarded? Is it constant pain or do you just not realize how stupid you are?
I am beginning to think securities markets are manipulated!
Y’all buying back NIO rn?
Is it just me or the Andrew left report is kind of bullish? He was a peloton and Shopify bear too and moon how that turned out lol I was actually not bullish on nio but I told myself I would inverse the next time he release a report 😂 anyone with a similar opinion?😂
Please nobody scares BABA
$300
No he used a rapid antigen test known to be inaccurate to create a false narrative. They are used to identify people that need a real test in places like the NFL were you are tested daily.  The standard PCR test are very accurate.
As long as you don’t have FDs expiring today, we’ll be fine
Aint that the truth :/
so.... is tech dead ?
I got out this morning
calls
Nice wedge on NIO buyin puts for monday
Operation Godspeed
Do it for me bby and the health of this sub. We need a cleansing.
U checks out: but in a good way.
yes, it's the 'ancer'
Is NIO still the move?
[deleted]
Citron said this valuation can never be justified

so if you are buying calls after a massive run then best of luck
Maybe if I stare at the live nio chart it’ll go up
[deleted]
Trump getting ready to concede?
Part of me says take the 100% profit. The other says fuck this bitch it’ll tank for earnings. I can’t decide
17.5p spirit
OSTK will likely dip into the 40s with now MM manipulate it.
Lol his pumps don’t work anymore
yessir, already mooning
Jack Ma and Xi are like at war lol
Looks awesome, ngl
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/gammaradiation2 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
and get their puts fucked by IV crush? bro, come on...
[removed]
SOLO IS THE NEXT NIO JUMP IN NOW BEFORE TAKEOFF. NO CAP HERE.
RIP
[deleted]
Wow. I refuse to believe this is real. This is just... wow... a new level of retardation
Zoom out
Ford, GM, Mush, etc. have been complaining about NIO, XPEG, etc. and they finally got this SOB to write the article that cost people a bunch of money. At this point I don’t read or trade by any individual analyst. It’s a recipe for failure. Under pressure they’re all corrupt. The same group switched positions on JMIA. 

For this NIO call a bunch of people probably made a shit load of money on the back of Robinhooders by shorting. Wall Street is corrupt, they don’t want the individual traders disrupting their system and eating a piece of the pie. They’re also desperate to return to pre-COVID. Look at today’s trades and the market shift on the Pfizer news. They’re pathetic.
This is the CCP, don’t you dare question the efficacy of the tests.
Fuck it ZM, go to 350
Hey boo boo. Ya boy made a cool $3k in two hours off puts. Watch NIO dump, but shhhh don’t tell anyone ;)
Nah
Looking like NIO isn’t gonna moon again until next week

Shame
Looooool
With the short squeeze, they might have like 40% day Tuesday/Wednesday
Everyone go google the words "island top reversal"
Is that illegal? If not I’m down to collaborate with someone to make it.
same
I see. Thanks for the info. I was planning on buying puts for next week.
Nio back to high 40’s EOD
Weed + Masters helping the nerves for my spy puts
It goin be all good homie
[deleted]
this pleases my 10 EOD 48c
Just dump this weak ass chart already spy
Had and sold WMT $150 calls earlier this week guh....
Lol
I ain't fucking selling!
ZM calls or MSFT calls.
SPY calls no matter what it looks like 😂
Fuck, if there's even a run up at this point. Vaccine news made run ups non-existent this week, very disappointing
stocks just don't go straight down to 0 retard
Should be ZM but Idek
When we’re at Tesla levels hit us up again
Wtf does QFIN do?
NIO big green PP?
Yup, she’s a goner. Was fun while it lasted. Take your tendies and find a new one bois!
So wtf is this? Another "rotation" because of the next vaccine being priced in?
You bought shares at the top???
>President Trump will deliver an update on Operation Warp Speed from the Rose Garden at 4 p.m. ET.

Pump it up baby.
Bruhhhhhhhh
[deleted]
Tired of the low volume pump smh
I decided to hold.  I'll probably regret it next week but oh well.  I just have a couple of options so it is a small bet.
[deleted]
You’re fucked. It’s only worth 24.99
People need to chill out the stock had a massive up rising it has monster potential and is going to explode on earnings
What exactly did you bet on to get such horrendous results?
So... EV back to the moon?
[removed]
Depends on if we get the vaccine news by Monday I guess. If we don't I'm just gonna cash in again and wait for the news, then back to shorting travel/hospitality/cruise ships
Congratulations and fuck you
no
We're in a pandemic, give em' some slack and make some trades 😎
Who is he?
NIO was a good long term buy last week. Not anymore. Now PLTR is a good long term buy.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|1.61|1.64|1.61|0.13|214.952%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 60.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 60.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6fdr9&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
yes
If it is rising because I said Jack Ma said “I’m sorry” then this is the dumbest market in the history of ever.
Yeah it needed a pullback but citron couldve waited until after earnings before fucking everyone
Because nobody wants to be the last person holding the hot turd.
Nice drawing, no cars for two years, infinite % production increase
Probably
[deleted]
You’re fucked
Honestly. Im keeping nio till tuesday... it looks bad right now.. but its just money yo
Pumping up the airline stocks when COVID cases are 150,000+ per day even before the start of winter
My autistic fomoing ass just bought 800 common shares of NIO at 44.15. God speed.
Hey now they where one of the first big names in EV, the Fisker Karma was an unprecedented price of shit tho lmaoo
&#x200B;

I bought 10000 shares at 44. Am I doing good? Time to sell covered calls now.
KCAC is voting on Nov 25th on whether to merge with QuantumScape (Bill Gates backed EV battery supplier).
Citron and profit taking. Plus it did the same thing last week.

But dip today or at open monday for the run back to 50
Positions or ban
Docu a strong play rn??
This is old news.
Get fucked 🥭
I’ll sell some CSP’s and it’ll break through!
Seems like resistance at 44 might hold
NYC schools might all go remote Monday. Seeing a lot of potential lockdown news all over the country. Moves?
Looks like a weed stock
The vaccine news really broadened the scope of relevant stocks and i am not a fan....
BABA before it's too late
Market seems to be broadly ignoring it so far..
[deleted]
WTF is BABA doing below 260?? Fake and 🌈
People don’t care. It’s already red so they’ll continue to sell until another MM bumps up on Monday and it’s trending up then people will buy. 

Literally peanuts compared to what these crooks like Citron probably made.
🥭 delivering warp speed update is bullish bcoz he is the ultimate hype lord. But having him lost the election makes it a confusing scenario. Also he is going to talk at 4 pm should have scheduled at 3pm for some action.
So... you retiring next Tuesday?
And you didn’t sell at $54?!?
How do we feel about 11/27 UVXY $14C's?
Why are you guys still here? Don't you know we only trade from 9:30-11:00 and 3:30 to 4:00?
No, up or stay the same, preferably up. Credit spreads rely on theta decay and IV crush, debit spreads are like discount options with capped gains.
how did you lose 240k on a stock that has been a huge green dildo pumped up by this entire sub for the past 10 days?! Holy shit man... why didn't you cut bait at like... 100k loss?
You all got anymore of that tech crash. My puts sure could use a bit of life before expiry.
tsla n zm fight for the fours....just let it go......
Ostk just bought calls expiring today meant next week. Down 83% in 10 minutes. Lovely $350 gone
YESSSS BUYIN DIS DIP LIKE ITS FKN BLACK FRIDAY
**Andrew Left 100% browses WSB. Fuck you pussy. You bought puts at the bottom**

“Right now we are looking at a share structure and an investor base that is more interested in spinning a casino wheel”
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
BABA   270.0|11.75|12.3|11.75|-2.75|43.051%


BABA 270.0C 2020-12-31 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6fag3&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I’m in with 30 shares. Viability will depend a lot on how their upcoming test flight goes. Hub and spoke service for small sats has some interesting applications, and doesn’t fall into the trap of trying to compete with all the small rocket launch companies. The industry is already heavily invested in small sats and rideshare, they could have a big market if they can follow through.
Ez
Can NIO crash some more? $44 looking too hard to break for today :(
exp date?
Mmm don’t stay for the event it’ll crash always does
I started at $4 and only have 860, it should be well over 2,000. Should have bought more
I’m not a musk worshipper but taking science tips from Jim Cramer?

Yeah I’ll pass
Once all these Trump lawsuits are thrown out or done and over with, and once Biden starts being the face is the US, these EV companies will pick up again.
Vaccine is forever, lockdowns are a few weeks
2022 or 23 10c
BABA 270c 12/31
Feb when lockup ends.
BABA showing signs of life
Even as a PTON call holder, can't say I didn't see this coming.
Si senor
I hope so, but is it? why do you think that ?
I would say it’s a pointer finger pointing up so buy or it’s a ring finger so you know it’s so good you’d marry it so also buy.  To the moon.
[deleted]
Okay i guess I’m bagholding Nio until I retire 😭🤣😂🤡🤡🤡🤡
Delusional
How the hell is QQQ green today, seems like almost everything in it is red.
When to buy nvda dip for earnings run up? Now or EoD?
ZM and PTON down for same reason. 

BABA completely different. 

CCP and antitrust or COVID/Vaccine, which do you like odds on better?
You. It’ll be you.
You’ve become the very thing you’ve sworn to destroy
Vaccine pumps, also Disney reported less of a loss, growth in streaming. They’re banking on vaccine and parks opening in the future, which means phat cash. Lot of the plays right now are on the future/potential. Though COVID numbers do scare big investors. Market runs on optimism until it doesn’t work
Yeaaa, if it breaks this support it’s going to tank to $25 which is exactly where the short seller said. I don’t think ya retards can prop it up any longer against the institutional investors. They just cleaned up from $54 to 44 and going to dump those profits on more puts
BABA squeezing right now
SPY needs to move, idc in what direction
BABABABAABBAABABABABABABABAbaa ababababababbAb
most probably
Petition for mods to make a thanos glove award
[deleted]
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327323379267997698?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327323379267997698?s=20)

> \*PA SEC. OF STATE SAYS WILL NOT BE ORDERING RECOUNT OF ELECTION
No recount in PA !!!! Bullishhhh
It's truly at the price it was 24 hours ago
I bought NIO at 26
Rotation of Nasdaq into SPY.
Yes but I don't recall them having a week long 20% runup right before either. Although with NIO's ER coming up they will probably recover faster than otherwise.
so mms just wanted sq to stay at 178? hopefully they make it jump to 185 next week. i think im gonna hold my 11/20 10x185c
About damn time.
All I know about fisker is their decently cheeks car, what’s its future potential
[deleted]
I'm waiting till we break down out of the wedge to start building.  This thing could run back up to $50 before it starts to drop...
Lmao MRNA hitting 90 triggered the algos to dump
yes 44
Almost ! Then we buy, again
No
Here we go 🚀 that was the bottom
PDD call I picked up today killing it
What's so good about Tesla?
It was too good to be true. But tbh I dont blame anyone who got burned, by looking at what happened with XPEV and LI. Citron did everyone dirty.
Can y’all stop removing posts it’s kinda shit to click something then it’s gone
I wish I could talk out of my ass with such confidence
Money is safe. Shares are safer, fomo is the safest thing there is - *wsb 101*
NIObros, how does it feel to have a CEO who doesn’t sperg out on Twitter regularly?
FSR is straight retarded they don’t even make cars ffs
God speed brother, holding QQQ and SPY puts myself.
There’s barely any liquidity
[deleted]
exactly they use them to identify players the need a PCR test.
Hmm, yes. What do?
When will I learn?
BABA
For fucks sake BABA finally
Institutional money coming!! 

Hahahahahaha fucking idiots
calls?
You have to imagine the Dow is gonna drop any minute/day now. Impending lockdowns and it’s already nearing its all time high.
Guess it's time for dec NIO puts
That's great and I believe it but how do we use it to make the stock price go back up? Whether they're full of shit or not, the stock price is still dropping
Zoom go boom 😢
what should I buy?
Damn! How do I stay on top of all this? Just try and follow news from companies whose stocks I got? Thanks for the link
FSR will dump next week.
Buying Walmart and Target for run up to ER next week. Out of yolos
Gtfo
Looking to get in nio leaps again early next week or maybe after earnings if it drops under 40
The people who bought NIO puts didn’t buy it at 54. 

They bought at maybe 46-48.
definitely sold WMT too early F
Schools are closing all over the country and we had another record day of cases. Why tf is Zoom drilling so hard
The word is *cachet*, Andrew.
[removed]
Fuck NIO jump on fisker
For fuck's sake, has NIO bottomed out yet?
[deleted]
PLTR is gonna be like 85 dollars in 3 years isn't it
[deleted]
Ok I lost 1/2 my money on NIO calls, time to lose the rest on ZM calls. Godspeed retards
Yessir
I bought pton
yeah, there's no setting for that on desktop at all. full of it... got me tho. damn. i was really hoping it was true too
Why?
So we can start saying I got MOON puts!  And MOON is cratering/shining...my portfolio is waxing/waning.  Will they be doing their research here at WSB I hope?
When is spy gunna crash
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/looktheinternet don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I've already agreed to renounce all online activities in exchange. 

It's Amish life or Covid and there's no room for compromise.
Just bought 111 shares of ZM @ 398.60 per share. Fuck the retards who are selling this stock. COVID second wave will drive this back up
I have SPY puts but the market movement today makes worry about Monday. Airlines hotels cruises up, stay at home stonks down. Feels like another vaccine news might come out Monday.
Buy dip on Baba, ZM, or PTON?
Yes it is, the only reason it hasn't started a sharp uptrend is b/c investors are waiting for a successful test flight. After that happens (i think it's scheduled for next week or the week after?) it'll moon
Bruh
Riding this train with you brother.
Who here is long the SPY? Exactly. 

Who anywhere is long the SPY? Exactly.
Why the fuck does anyone care what stupid ass Citron says? Before their bitch ass made that dumb evaluation we were right on the road to 60
Woke up at opening, put the profits I took yesterday on EV back into EV after seeing positive movement after LI's earnings.

Went back to bed happy with record gains.

Woke up totally fucked.
Nah there’s really only a small handful of true degenerates and the rest of WSB just follows their plays like lemmings
Stocks are about the future. They are betting on vaccines. Stocks aren't about the near present.
I know your sick of NIO right now but Citron is ruining my life lol. How do we feel about a run up Monday and Tuesday still before earnings?
For sure
I'm fucked. SPY puts and tech calls
Honest opinion. Razor products USED to be good about 8+ years ago. Components that used to be solid crafted in metal or alum have been replaced with plastic, but the cheap kind.
Not a single item survives for more then 2 years when used in general gaming setting. Sure Razor scaled up production 1000 fold but made it from a luxury brand to a overpriced monstercable brand. Corsair scaled up over the same period but without losing durability.
FSR super undervalued for the $$$ they have on hand with 0 debt.
It looked just like the tesla move over 500 and i held through that... wasnt about to get raped again
Like a real wsb retard would do! I'm proud
China is already cracking down on Tech, and the US will follow suit soon.

Especially in a Commie place like China, you know they're not going to allow Tech to become more powerful than government.
NIO's going back up.  Just not today.
He used a niche specific use case rapid test that is known inaccurate. 

Standard PCR tests are VERY accurate.
This NIO train isn't working anymore it seems.
Reckon it will come back any time soon?
ATVI, TTWO, EA, NVDA, AMD, CRSR, SNE, MSFT
NIO rally 2.0 starting rn
Stupid shitty hotel internet. Lost money because of you
Great description of Citron is dog shit

“Throughout the previous years Citron Research, a dedicated "research" company, founded by Andrew Left, a questionable short seller, who has been sued and convicted by regulators as well as governments, has been publishing deliberate yet legal falsehoods made to pass as facts in order manipulate stock prices for own gains. Citron's reports are usually damning in tone, armed with a provocative headline and followed up with a targeted social-media push, what they seem to do quite well is they are able to spin existing facts into a horrible scenario that reads very badly in order to create market panic.

While information Citron Research publishes are carefully selected and distributed in ways that do not break the law at first sight, the SEC and FINRA have overlooked the fact that Left and Citron gains are a result of distributing catalysts in an anticipation of substantial price changes due to public response in either panic, encouragement, or simply a catalyst action wave ride. Their job as a company is to create the most amount of panic shortly after taking a trading position so they and their clients can make the most amount of financial gains on the expense of regular investors.
Just bought dec 31 300c, jack better put on a Santa suit and come down my chimney with tendies
I hope they all keep them and we open 55 on Monday.
Lol NIO fucking me all day
Idk yet didn’t look
I’m only going in with 4K on 12 contracts 5% portfolio value fully understanding it’s a  lotto ticket.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/_Apache_Helicopter_ don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
PLTR calls??
I feel attacked...
Entire EV pullback due top gay Citron.
To hold JD or not to hold. Who's holding?
Crsr going past 30
be sure to post your loss porn
There will be another chance!
Y’all so obessesee with GYNA missing out on good gains
except not since TSLA is down and flat
Let’s go boys. I’m new to this and when I saw my calls up $1700 this morning I was super exicited, but now there are up like $400 which makes me still happy
no im playing  0 days. 357.5 plz
30 EOY
How much more will ZM go down?  350?
Take my upvote
Rise baby rise
Lol it’s a joke. How stupid would that be if he tweets “I’m sorry” and it shoots to $300. That’s got to be the dumbest thing I have ever heard lol.
cool story bro
NIO might hit $43 today. That stock is way overvalued
Lol at all the nio bagholders getting cucked
Nothing I hate more then fake loss stories . Ban
51, Feels like a relief knowing what had happened.
so many people were short on tsla. but what happend in the end?
how can you tell if you turned your nut string inside your sac?
[deleted]
Buy 1000 $UBER shares and feel comfy for decades.
Strike and date?
# my NVDA long calls doesnt approve this
Pay off all my debts. Be happy. 🍻
Who can say but institutional short sellers are jumping on all the Chinese EVs bc they way too hot. As soon as all us retards lose all our money we will start dumping too. It’s gonna drop as fast as it climbed I think.
Put it in a high yield savings account. But you’re on WSB so idk buy some chinese stock or something.
So you’re betting that AMZN is going to go down?
February 2021 FSR calls on sale rn
so people moving from NIO to FSR?
Why the fuck do I even come to this sub when retards like this are doing "DD"
someone who people listen to said " it's a shit stock that's way overvalued"
the first thing is the problem, the second thing is fine
yeah it is. will go more low tho
the gay bears
Break 44 bb
People who bought Nio puts, what are our next play?
pay off student loans, throw the rest in FD's
Will retard market continue into next week and open at SPY $420?
[deleted]
Blow 10k transfer 25k to Roth and leave the final 15k be down payment for house
EV company making modular commercial small delivery trucks/flatbeds/foodtrucks and UTVs [https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html](https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/06/2121941/0/en/AYRO-Announces-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html)
Citron short-sell report played a big part.

 [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-stock-falls-short-seller-165144053.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-stock-falls-short-seller-165144053.html)
Extra bullish
I hear what you're saying and am buying acreage holdings anyways
Well that is for a reason, AAl and CCL have a ton of debt and a business model on a halt while the expenses pile on. Would not touch them with a stick atm.
I’m in the latter rn. I have leaps, good luck to you sir
Jesus.
Buy PLTR dude.
Calls?
1 short seller*
Nio is pulling back along it's support line. Won't drop below $42, and will eventually get back towards it's track to $60
Just start coughing. Either they'll take you in or you get kicked out, and in both cases you'll be out of there faster
Nope
You are reading what you want to hear, and I think you want to hear it as a conspiracy tweet. The average person will think it’s BULLSHIT to get a 50 percent accuracy on 4 tests. Redditors are truly something else.
NIO Level II 😍
Chinese middle finger?
37P 11/27 x5
lol you fucked it up with the meme
Here comes the BABA comeBAck. Get in you chinese sluts
Yeah I'm definitely scared and feel like it could drop below 40
[deleted]
Ban this spamming fuck
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**JD**|**$105**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$3.53**|**$90.49**|**1057**|**105**
|**JD**|**$100**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-24**|**$3.53**|**$90.49**|**450**|**225**
|**JD**|**$95**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-11**|**$4.15**|**$90.49**|**185**|**186**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgm8sbmb9gz07203pfq1wba) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ericp22/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Cash Gang Has Missed Out On Infinity Gains. Thats What Happens When You Run The Gauntlet Between Profit Taking And Fomo.
You mean the dildo
Lose it. Apparently
Holy shit
If you bought NIO puts when it was at 54$ today, congratulations you made a 10 bagger.
What is wrong with TSLA???
OSTK 55$ Jan 15 2021 calls
Do you hear yourself lol wtf
Ok. Buying puts now
YOLO it all on SPY 356P 0DTE and cash out before market close
Just went balls deep in Nov 20 355 SPY puts.
0DTE SPY CALLS
I’m so confused, corona cases are spiking, Chicago issues stay at home advisory........ Wynn, RCL, NCLH, and Disney are all up
So any announcements today? We need to move the market.
 [https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327317529656700938?s=20](https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327317529656700938?s=20)

Illinois reports more than 15,000 new coronavirus cases, by far the biggest one-day increase on record for a single US state 

\- New cases: 15,415 

\- Positivity rate: 14.5% (+1.9) 

\- In hospital: 5,362 (+104)

\- In ICU: 990 (+34) 

\- New deaths: 27
Exactly
My man
Biden win all about that oil & gas I guess.
No he is LYING to push his own agenda. He used a KNOWN inaccurate rapid test, but didn't tell the pubic that.

Standard PCR tests are VERY accurate. (i.e. what 99% of your average public gets)
I just bought lots of calls. Thank you.
Guys get off the Nio wagon and jump on FSR
Happening in 2 hours. 4pm
Lesson I learned this week, take your fucking gains before 10am. Fuck Citron and fuck mango man.
Jacked to the tits in these leaps
Brilliant
You’ll be fine, it’s the buying and selling on the same day. Like if you bought NIO Today at open, got scared and sold. But if you bought nio yesterday and say Disney yesterday. And sold both today you’re fine
fucking NVDA wrong way
NICE 11:13 split on oct 24th CONFIRMED
Nah gonna wait eod dip to 15
I blame this all on NIO
find something to theta gang
Anybody else get a trade credit for all the glitching the other day? I got a $727 trade credit. Yep, looks like things are finally starting to turn around for me.
If I remember correctly, stocks usually go back to pre-citron article levels the next day. At least it was for TSLA and ENPH I think
[deleted]
Almost bought nio dip at 45$ ooffffffff.
Dont disagree but why buy such short dated puts when it sounds like you'll need more time for it to play out?
[deleted]
Dude, Africa is orders of magnitudes behind SE Asia and South America. 

Brazil has Embraer Jets and SEA has Malaysia with its high HDI and 12k GDP per capita. Nigeria's GDP per capita is less than 3k. 

There is only so much you can squeeze out of that bro
Mb bro
Rotation from NIO back into big cock TSLA
I think NIO is just one huge bear trap today if they get greedy and not sell their puts by EOD
Only on desktop?
Neither is the moon
SPY goes from +1.02% to +1.01% and VIX immediately starts pumping.

Fucking shit.
makes sense but i do think it'll go down in the short term, i already bought SPY 350P 11/18 in case it happens
Today is an uncorrelated desperate mess. They really can’t let this thing get out hand. Which, if they let their foot off the gas for a second, it will spiral out of control. GL! Stay vigilant.
Sold nio at 50 😎
God I hope PLTR sells off so fucking hard for all the gloating bulls.
It is almost 20% off the highs. Seems a good place to start.
Calls on your wisdom !
When was that
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well, im holding 250P so....
SELL NIO
I think I’ll hold, still got a week left to burn away. With shutdown orders coming, I still feel like AMZN is a clear winner.
Almost forgot what I was doin I’ve been drivin I been smokin
It ain’t nio dipshit.. you sold your ass to luckin it seems
Tomorrow is Saturday
Buy that shit
Link?
[deleted]
NAH! Puts if you like $
[removed]
*BABA nationalized by Chinese government*
NIO short-term RSI in the red and testing lows. Is there any stock still left to sell? Jesus christ
MODSSS! sick im for false hope
$LI

Average volume: 27.6 M
Today: 142.6 M

It’s going to end up trading >5x it’s daily volume while losing a 15% opening gap up, and RSI is still overbought.

You’re next level if you hold this through the weekend 😂
Just put a stop loss at $39 (low this week)
What would you do with 50k
Moderna announcement Monday
baba price too low imo
Looks like Nio dip is already slowing down

NIO earnings is gonna RAPE citron and citron will lose credibility forever. Earnings will be higher than the expected earnings and we fly to the moon
At the doctors and I’ve been waiting in the room for about 40 minutes now. Should I just start screaming? I got shit to do
Perma ban this 🌈🐻 for blasphemy
EOD it is
I sold at 51 and bought at 46 dip like a retard
[deleted]
Tell that to my bleeding calls
If you don’t load up on baba at eod you gonna be pissed on Monday
Spy die fuck u
[removed]
NVDA you dumb bitch
BA - next week's breakout is just starting gaurentee it moons AH tonight.
DKNG definitely.  Currently inside an ascending wedge with bearish divergence at open today.  completion of the bear flag puts it close to $20 but might take a while...
link, link now or ban
Rest of tech isn't dumping.. Google up 1.24%

AMD is following NVDA when it should be hanging with TSM. TSM is up almost 3%!
What happened to NIO? I'm new at all this, using practice money. Why did they tank so hard?
tech leaps entered... short term spxs calls activated
[deleted]
There will not be any stimulus happening until early next year, and it's going to be one large bill with Infrastructure and other things included.
So is it truly done climbing? Every time this thing takes a dump it’s like $10 higher two days later.
Yall retards buying pltr making me scared not buying in
smart, and congrats, I can see PLTR being at least 20$ by then
no way lol, these fuckers dont stop
Done chasing this market im buying long calls on spy and calling it a day, 1 day, be back tomorrow
Of course VIX starts pumping again. It simply won't fucking die even with market only 1% off ATH.
people don't realize how big the automobile market is and how a very small portion of vehicles out there are EV. Hence why Nio does not see tesla as competition. EV is the future
Fatality!!!
PLTR gang whalecumming all NIO gang members.
All LEAPS are free money if you're patient enough.

*cries in Boeing LEAPS*
Buy the dip on nio or nah??
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PLTR   17.0|0.5|0.55|0.54|-0.34|111.858%


PLTR 17.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6eo08&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Lol irl
200 $ is what comes when i shit after eating chipotle.
Hope you threw it all on FDs like a real man
I am butthurt I missed nio at $2
Nio breaks 44 we drilling down to low low
Jesus christ, open interest. Most of the put holders are still holding.
can jack just say baba price too low imo ?
You sold 10,000 NIO STOCKS?

Wow, you really are retarded. 
You belong here bud!
Sorry boys I bought 11/20 17c PLTR... time for it to instantly tank
Are we holding Nio Xpeng and solo through the weekend?
Because he didn't say "I took 4 inaccurate rapid tests and got inaccurate results".

The average person will read his BULLSHIT tweet and think all covid tests are inaccurate, or worse the deniers will jump on it.
Was Mango yesterday, and Citron today smfh
no baba...you're trending the wrong direction my friend
Damn NIO really trying to form that bearish engulfing daily candle
Why ZM dying?  I figured NYC school closing would have been good news for them.
So why is everyone buying pltr again?
Then do straddles....they're insanely cheap now too.
You have no flair don’t talk to me bum
BABA beat PDD beat how can JD not beat
No.  


It's the next Apple. Buy and HOLD
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ even better retards in here
i had 15 53P for 1.30 and sold for 1.5. fuck my god damn life dude.
If it breaks 44$ it’s a drill it has some support at 38-39$
[deleted]
This is actually a position I support. I think cyclicals are about to boom, but I think SPCE might outperform AAL and CCL and at the same time be capped by them. AAL and CCL have huge sell orders around the $13.00(aal) and $17.00(CCL) range. I’m waiting until Monday if Monday is a down day to buy in because I wasn’t able to get in at the $21.20 range.
60c Baby
Just the beginning my friend. Flew too high too fast. Institutional short sellers going to crash this party hard.
Why I am such a poor pussy ? I inherited around half a million € and I'm too afraid to loose any of it.
We built this city on lots of  NIO bags 👜¯\_(ツ)_/¯👜

We built this city

We built this city on lots of Nio bags...
rip nio. is this just a short term dip or is it gonna stay under 50 for months?
Every time i see some gay bear shit I usually buy more.
kinda like how i played it, didnt over trade or anything, i kinda like not having calls over night...until we have a 2-3% gap up day on each index lol
[removed]
So puts? Is the uptrend the past few days it just trying to follow the China EV market?
Watched it go up 100% over the last week and a half I buy it today and it drops 16%
I say $42 then rocket to $55 EOM
LMAO. But to be fair he wasn't speaking his native language
Maybe On Monday we will finally stop hearing nio in here
Market acting like we're never gonna use Zoom again.. bitch I'm on a zoom call right now, pump that shit
Mango to speak at market close.
You're my hero.
I'm down with SPY 400c, yeah you know me.
pics or ban
I'm going to take a wack here and say 1/4 this sub (250k retards) got the thanos special from nio
Are we buying puts on DKNG and tsla today boys?
Did a voice in your head scream at you to stop from pressing the buy button?
Black Monday?
Probably because  you like the Irishman more than Goodfellas.

You're obviously a serial killer.
[deleted]
Jack Ma says he is sorry. BABA mooning incoming.
Day trade is buying and selling in the same day.
Softest shit I've seen in a while
Canadian Solar (CSIQ) will probably run up to earnings (11/19) if you want to get in now.
Sooo what’s nio looking like for next week???
This $22 wall RKT has is very annoying
We could get a vaccine news next week but we could also get additional lockdowns over the weekend. Who knows what the market will do...
I do.
Just to support fam.

Liked and subscribed.
[yep](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gveon3/ive_lost_240k_on_luckin_coffee_all_my_life/)
Your opinion doesn’t matter.
zoom out. you tell me
Can anyone tell me how BABA leaps are not free money
May expiration.  Waiting until after new year to realize gains cause my tax bracket is stupid high this year.
What he means is buy puts on NIO.
Serious? Pls make a thread, I need jerking material
There’s a presser today? When?
Lololol he already tried and cases are getting thrown out left and right, see michigan and arizona. He's arguing 592 ballots in PA and the margin is like 60,000 votes. 

He knows he can't prove widespread voter fraud. He can't even reverse a single state def not the election. It's a last ditch money grab for donations to his slush fund since he lost his job due to rona just like the rest of us.
What is an AYRO? Srsly, these meme stocks are popping up way too fast for my tardy (pun!) brain to follow
Always has been
Yup, sold my boomer stock puts yesterday, bought calls today. It's been extremely easy money so far. If market juices up too much today/early next week there's a chance we dump after the annoucement, but I'm optimistic.
!remindme 1 week
True 😎
No way Pelosi agrees to any stimulus until Mango concedes.  Stimmy is a fantasy.
[deleted]
I know I’m on the same boat
Ah yes goes back to yesterday mornings price "dump"
I hope this is satire
cuz it got that stay at home boost, FOR SURE
Nioooooo
Pretty much.
[deleted]
Elon is a WSB lurker and i bet he saw this and it made him super sad. Dont you feel like a piece of shit now?
Three posts about this in one day pumping this hard aren’t we.

Edit: four posts.
Here is a website idea for you: All of us should make a EOD, EOW prediction for stonks and ppl with more accurate predictions get ranked high. PPl with the least accurate prediction also displayed so other ppl can inverse them. Its like FB for WSB where you are allowed to post your stock prediction and the system automatically tracks the % win/loss. No need to buy or sell to make prediction.
Hell yeah brother, get in on the "good news, outlook, and reports" dump
Lucky I sold this morning for a small profit. Too bad you retards changed my mindset about my puts. Why would I ever listen to retards on the internet?!  Mmmmkayyy
OMG... GM behind all this...
Is PLTR the new NIO?
Hopefully it doesn’t lol
[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/gm-recalling-chevrolet-bolt-evs-due-to-fire-risks-amid-federal-probe.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/gm-recalling-chevrolet-bolt-evs-due-to-fire-risks-amid-federal-probe.html)
oh no, WSB is catching on to NIO, time to close my position =\
NIO about to go to the upside-down. Exit calls if you’re holding.
Position or ban
Unless...you know...it keeps going down.
[removed]
I'm bullish too but this pattern doesn't mean shit tbh rarely works
Over 1000 USA Covid deaths yesterday and over 150,000 new cases.   Has to be bullish as fuck in this market.
Buy puts on AMZN and nvda at eod?
pltr
its ok, we pump next week
I can't buy a pack of smokes without running into 9 guys you fucked
I've lost 240k on NIO, all my life savings. Now I'm broke af.
If you can't figure that one out, don't trade meme stocks
Spy bears gonna rope
i'm holding 11/18 3575's. i'll get rid of them Monday.
As soon as you get the vaccine, you're contractually obligated to throw your iPhone into the trash. It's a give and take.
Gonna go down a bit more.
What he said
🍿
AMD isn't even a "stay home" play. Why is it dumping with the rest of the tech?
date? you’re gonna print congrats
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/comments/jtk8kq/great_description_of_citron_is_dog_shit/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Yup. Weeding out all the feather fingers. Plus it’s Friday.....DISCOUNT NIO DAY
Daily RSI can be useful in identify trends imo. I don't really use any other technicals
[deleted]
Saying Nio is worth $25 LOL 🤡 
Nio to 60 next week
I sold my ZM $400p at open 🤡
Do you think it'll hit $17 by eom?
Citron is trying to short them, yeah
maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan market sucks today..
You mean 2 days ago?
Easy 3 bagger on KNDI calls today, not holding any of this EV shit through the weekend
[removed]
No it’s not
Watch it go down to 40 lol
[deleted]
EOD or Monday morning. There's usually a dip in mornings from selling off
[deleted]
Honestly I don’t see it ever turning around..
It’ll be up another 10+% Monday before a likely correction post earnings
because 90% of WSB meme stocks are not in the s&p500
If the infection rate keeps going up we aren’t going to need them. Herd immunity by next summer. SPY skyrocketing.
educate me not being sarcastic
2more hours
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/CultOfTheBlueWhale the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Classic simpsons episode
This is the way
🚀
You right
So how much you up now?
yeah who the fuck has 60% battery at Noon when they are risking 250,000k on a fucking FD.

Edit: Those are the plays where you wake up naturally at 3am and start reading the news excited for futures to open so you can get so excited seeing them up only to fade all morning and then the SPY gap down at open and then BOOM you get this screenshot.  BUT your battery is at 15%.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/141CiwBO_vrnLrFfsy3HE5McXqloiRqTLcNKdQ3gXAPs/edit#


Here thats my gift to you
It’s at 44 now too
Slow and steady wins theta decay race...
PLTR is doing the exact mirror of yesterday
[deleted]
$350 EOD
Seriously
Must. My stay at home plays are dropping of the face of the earth
OSTK starting to breakout with a huge gap to fill
YOu gOt Me tHEre ChEiF, yoU bRoke THe simUlaTiOn, HaVe a Red PiLl
yes, they absolutely do. You have to be on desktop to buy them and you have to turn the setting on. I have the option to purchase them until 2:45pm or 3pm but they're subject to sweeps and day trades just like before. thanks for your input though.
yep.
why Chinese evs no pump today :(
Is that Benziga article the reason NIO tanked?
PLTR
Holding 100 contracts PLTR $15 calls since $9.84, AMA
Your heart is racing if you read this thread. 

Your hand is steady if you know it was manipulated into falling.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I’m home

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtj3iu
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtj3iu) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/boyee34, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Cesuis6
Captain_Maggot12
XXXHELLBOY
Whoknowsx94
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
PLTR
It tanked because it doubled in 2 weeks off selling 5 thousand cars
The only DD you need:


Zoom, amazon dropping in anticipation of moderna vaxx news. Load up on IWM and DIA for next week. It's free money!
Me
NVDIA Puts somebody ?
Hmmmm
Bro this is exaclty my thinking. 
Earnings next week going to make this moon 

Fuck citron and their shit projections.
Source?
If TSLA falls below $400, buying calls is literally free money.  IV is insssssanely cheap atm.  This is how you win on options.  By not buying shit when IVs are stupidly high.
JD earnings next Monday, hit or miss?
Can BYND pull a ZM rn
I just don’t see the hype on SOLO, though I guess it may get similar gas like NIO
Friday the 13th is an American horror franchise that comprises of twelve slasher films. Spooky day.
finally HD waking up
It's going to be cheaper and there will be some protectionism. China is going to have is electrical car companies because it wants to. Xi was pretty adamant on focusing inwards in his last 5 year plan. They have 1.6 billion people blossoming into a middle class, they aren't simply going to leave this market for grabs.
Citron is a short seller
This right here boys hold hold hold
[deleted]
Because it sounds fucking spooky and mysterious and somehow, some way these knuckleheads feel like they are members of the dark lords and have visibility into the deep depths of spookiness.  Or some shit like that, I don't know.
It's such an unclever piece of software --- the market cap really ticks me off
buy **LYFT**

strong momentum
Do 4 or more day trades in 5 business days. Whatever, I guess it stopped me from FOMOing into 0DTE NIO puts
Look guys there's only three companies that are going to be making money this holiday season with more restrictions. Aapl. Amzn. Pton.
[FSR calls](https://youtu.be/ExVtrghW5Y4?t=104)
Sir, this is truly retarded. Cheers
Trevor Milton moved to China and started another business.
It’s my second option lol
https://images.app.goo.gl/j3b1EirKiFPYJiY38
No resurrections this time ZM
Mostly just the people that would be doing the same thing at the casino. 

It's basically online gambling that you can tout as day trading to your parents so you can pretend you're not a degenerate.
Holy shit yes. Ride that thing up to 48
But they're not
While it may be less fun, the stability is comforting. Though if you’re looking for quick money you may want to look elsewhere. That being said, take that with a grain of salt bc I don’t know shit
Wtf
How is CNK even pumping?
🙋🏿‍♂️🙋🏿‍♂️🙋🏿‍♂️ got these 11/27 calls
Looks like the market expects another vaccine announcement next week.
Lockdowns will matter again after vaccine news. I'm literally going to go back to puts on all my positions as soon as the market settles from the news. I'm actually really happy moderna moved up the announcement bc now there's plenty of time for all these gains to whittle down, especially after Thanksgiving where it's basically guaranteed people will not socially distance.
trailing stop loss and I still fucked myself on NIO by buying in right after it executed smh
Too soon
Bought 730 shares, didn't go into calls but holding for a while.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
MRNA   90.0|7.5|7.6|7.54|0.24|145.61%


MRNA 90.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6e7pd&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
I really think ZM is going to pump again when the excessive hope for vaccine subsides
Become licensed broker, YOLO entire account into OTM NIO calls at the tippy top, put losses on resume, send resume to LPL Financial.
FUCK ZOOM
Agreed. Even if you think it’ll go up further, it has consistently had a significant morning dip almost every single day
Went long 1000 shares this morning.  Time to ride.
Everybody knows the best future of EVs: SOLO, TSLA, NKLA
God zoom is getting me hard rn
Sold my nio, bought more PLTR
They likely sold off their tech shares so it doesn't tank them as much. That is what the last week of October was for. Sector rotation.
Chinese knock off EV stock takes meme investors for a ride.
Sell NIO
Thank you for buying mine
Only regret was not immediately buy puts.
Lol Sinkie autists have joined the chat
This sub is perfect for recent college grads in the workforce who live in the parents basement and have no social lives. What demographic has a better combination of disposable income, stupidity and sheer recklessness? A lot of people like that have no idea how to interact with women
Good looks
YOLO on SOLO.
MRNA 90c 11/20
Went all in on December/January baba calls. Had to be bottom
NIO's not going back if you guys stop talking about it.
How does Robin Hood day trade work? Are you good if you don’t buy and sell option in same day? Or will it count as day trade if you sold say 4 options you bought a month ago in same day?
Are you closing out today?
Wow. I can’t believe you held through all that. Bravo.
Damn I guess buying into a stock that's up 86% in a month is buying the dip now 👀
Lmao everyone just responded PLTR damn
Ride the run up and exit before the actual event, easy money.
some jans opened up today interesting 

might be worth relook
Zoom drilling boys
How fucking confident are you sure lol. My heart is racing
Shares? Yes.  

Calls? No
Maybe?
PLTR looking like it's going to blast off this afternoon
Remember Luckin coffee? That’s how I feel about Nio and all of these Chinese EV companies... like, something fucky is going on
You lost more in one week than I’ve lost in my entire trading career. 


Congratu-fucking-lations
3k in 22c Nov 20 checking in. Space X is launching 4 astronauts tomo so SPCE should moon on Monday obviously
For rich people to go into outer space yeah, give it like 3-5 more years tho it’s not quite ready yet
Let’s be honest...Lockdowns and holidays = no school for the next 2 months


Bye zm
ZM drilling to the fucking core Jesus
king of the hill reference ?
SOLO
lmao
Please no bro I need these calls to feed the family
hows he ever gonna make that back if he plays safe now?  I say go riskier, make the money back next week, THEN play safe.
This is fire you will be a valuble member if you join this [https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/) moderator maybe?
i was actually looking forward to warm food tonight
Wait for it to go up
Lol noo
I’ve given up. I’ll probably be bagholding these shares for 1-2 years again
All in. This shit better prints bruh! Running out of ramen.
I hate money, I’m all about shorting TSLA
In at 3.6

Moveed from NIO

Cya guys next week 1000% bagger
Are they announcing new vaccines on Monday?
they dont sell 0 day options.
I bought ZM calls at open 🤡
Rotate into BABA
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**HighVoltage_90** , kminder in **3 days** on [**2020-11-16 17:30:00Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 17:30:00Z&reminder_id=d7dafdf5f31d4a5189077f270751ac0d&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Nio_setting_up_for_huge_double_bottom#2**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtjn5t/nio_setting_up_for_huge_double_bottom/gc653f5/?context=3)

> kminder 72 hours

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-16T17%3A30%3A00%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtjn5t%2Fnio_setting_up_for_huge_double_bottom%2Fgc653f5%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 2 reminders.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete comment, Update message, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 17:30:00Z&reminder_id=d7dafdf5f31d4a5189077f270751ac0d&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** How can your butt look good without any meat on it?



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
its a shitty Canadian EV company. Over valued and doesnt even have a working product
Fake. CNBC only has 1 African American contributor on TV a week.
You may have a hernia, or internal bleeding
IV is too high and NIO has a lot of fomo and dip buying going on. So be careful.
I would love for him to throw everyone threw a loop and concede.
Just bought 1k share NIO at $44
Damn how do I get restricted? I only lose money
The virgin NIO call holder vs. the Chad ZM shorter
all in on ~~Luckin~~ NIO! Can't go wrong this time
Volume is anemic, I’ll check back in Monday
"you miss 100% of the shots you don't take" - Dylan Klebold
Wish I would have waited, this is the way
ZM won't go back beyond 450 before earnings. Vaccine killed that chance. Earnings is the only way to save it.
how?
Lol at zm gang😂😂
Biggest brain plays right here
Depending on how the rest of the day goes I'll just exit them today Or exit maybe half of them. Depending on what mango says we could see spy 350 or spy 370 on Monday.
Lol you’re not even joking
Monday ATH was around $45 before it pulled back to $39. Now it's holding above $44.50 after it hit $54 this morning. I think we hold here and keep climbing to $55 by Monday EOD.
Since it dumped already, I'm going in on Monday
[deleted]
🙋🏻
Im holding equity tho so not too worried

Next week we should see a nice bounce
Sorry chad, in real life the autist gets the girl
Bold
I’m sure we’re richer than him now with all the debt he haa
You have a talent, Sir
What's up PLTR?  Whatchu got in mind for calls?
Ha hA ha Ha. fuck you zoom
[deleted]
Amzn 3200c 11/20 don't miss it
Watching BA now cause SPY ain’t dropping with BA up 5%.  Damn boomers
This whole sub was turning into r/nio with 95% of posts about nio. Finally we'll get a break from it.
Yea it is
Can i habe my money back ? 🤣
I’m just waiting for that EOD EV pump. We all know its coming.
PLTR
Trump presser on operation warpspeed
[deleted]
PLTR
Just got approved for options on RH because TDA restricted me. Lolling at how dumbed down they make it in RH. “U tink stock go up? Here buy this. U think stock go down? Buy dis.”

No wonder people are out here getting cleaned
Good thing I got outta AMD just past 7
Positions? We found the retard
In what fuckin world do you think their earnings report will be stellar? Lol it’s gonna suck
Lmfao yeah so much movement
https://media1.tenor.com/images/610d0e086e4b0de52feb089eacfc4734/tenor.gif?itemid=4482132
AMZN you fuck us over so much WHY
$ZM $350 EOD $ZM $300 on Monday
Buy calls on the dips for the covid stocks
If 44 fails were gonna see a 3 leading lol
Someone redpill me on SPCE, solid future potential?
FB.. please go back up
Waiting for a dip to buy
There’s no need for the media to control the narrative. Only reason he isn’t already charged is because he’s President. Don’t forget he’s still Individual 1 in the Michael Choen trial which implicated Trump directly with serious criminal charges. And that’s just 1 case.
LAMR puts and UPS calls for 11/20. I’ll be rich if they print. Here we go.
[deleted]
Big money is slowing us down to cuck people holding calls
PLTR
How the fuck are people like this allowed to do DD posts
Now that robinhood sells 0 day options I feel like the market will flip every day after 3pm when they force sell and when you're not allowed to buy 0dte anymore
FAKE AND GAY BAN
so why did sq just drop dead earlier?
He probably has brovid
either a rug pull or a pop depending what mango says about operation warp speed at 4pm EST today.
[deleted]
Baidu is overvalued at this price
Man if there are more lockdowns I can’t imagine it all stays at these elevated prices
😂🥈
I think yea that's what they are telling you
If you bought them today,  how is it using a day trade to exit them on Monday?
Some long term winners can negate those short term FD yolo losers we all love so much
ZM is such a garbage covid stock
Zm honey...
💎🤲🏽 on ZM easiest money i’ll ever make
BABA finally moving up again. Like an old train building momentum. CHOOCHOO
Anything under 420 is free money. Anything over 420 is basically throwing money out of the window
INTC dead. If 10nm chips are a bust, it’s over.
[deleted]
30x $350p 11/16 SPY & 15x $350p 11/18 SPY

My body is ready for tendies or the golden shower
That’s awesome I went for 340p 12/31
my idea for next week is SPY dropping... so inverse me please cuz i bought spy/dia puts yesterday thinking today was going to be a pull back day... fukn MMs got me good at the end of power hour with that bitch ass bear trap

&#x200B;

i havent been right about spy since before the election... inverse my ass and make money
Hmmm okay i could see that, but then again if the fee is measly it doesn't seem profitable, and equipping a shopping mall with thousands of parking lots with even a couple % of these wont be cheap. Will consider a small position tho
Was nervous my 3 ZM 11/13 400p would expire worthless today, but here we are. Who would’ve thought!
Who else is still holding NIO through earnings?
dArK pOoLs

how they come up with such a cool name for something so mundane?
Entry level gayness is trying to trade that stock, congrats on reaching a new level by trying to trade it based on technicals
The tax is applicable to your country of residence and the instrument in which you made money. 

May be different rules for dividends/capital gains/dtfs etc.
Congrats! And I mean it truly.

I just think of the NIO situation like when scientists come out year after year with back and forth on whether coffee is good for you or not.


If NKLA has taught us anything, it’s that even after a major fucking scandal ppl will still invest in you
250% gain and crying? Cry when it's 100% lost
my city (not chicago) is starting to talk about lockdowns again.
FUBO, PPD, PTON, PLUG, SPCE if you’re going for growth
737 MAX might get approved by FAA next week
8% in 14 hours is pretty good imo
If you’re not holding spy poots you ain’t black
he won't say anything except that he actually won the election
It'll close 5% down today as big money start to buy the dip right before earnings. Then moons 10+ percent both Monday and Tuesday through earnings where it will pull back a little as people take profit.
All I know is I'm buying. People losing faith in Papa, but that man does not lose.
Who else is getting bent over by ZM...
 if I type that in my RH search it crashes the app
Super GAPE down, 2p EST Crash circuit breakers 🤡🙏🏼👊🏻🇺🇸
Zm got me at a half chub a 100pt selloff will get me rock hard
But where half of the potatoes disappear after a certain amount of time.
ZM calls EOD??
Look what Citron did to my boy NIO
Use BIDU instead
[removed]
Put my first option in for nio @45 when it was at 48.70 this morning and bout shit bricks when i checked and it was at 45
Started out strong but this some pussy volume now
There must be insider info on vaccine news. Only reason ZM and PTON would rank after NY closes schools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg8HsjdzXNc

WATCH AND RIDE
Just sold NIO. Wtf do I do with my profits? Buy back in?
Yeah, vaccine train is pulling into the station soon.
PLTR flat as fuck what are we thinking?
so there's a chance?
Lol yeah . Nio share holders have thick skulls man. If they were smart they'd sell NIO and grab the Work Horse Dip
Plays for next week?
Why is zoom drilling?
[deleted]
Move INTC you filthy slut
NIO ABOUT TO RIP TO NEW ATH FUCK YOU CITRON
I’m in
Yes iam in
lol 50%? Thats bullshit, its got to be like .05% 

I mean what are the chances that amazon makes it to 4,000 by EOW?? Why did I buy so many?
Remember Covid Lockdowns makes stocks go up.
356 ad 352
Mine crashes everytime.
You're actually autistic
Damn, announce and release same day?
daaamn.. i think we should reverse our trades and go with the crowd.. can't fight big money
[deleted]
so you mean SOLO means one? No way
“We sent the vaccine via fedex to Tucker Carlson’s office overnight, and it has disappeared”
Nio *inserts drake meme*
PLTR
Herro, I too complain about disappointing erections
[deleted]
When you run out of margin
Missed the nio pump? Get in the nio dump.
[deleted]
Nah, I sold most of my 60 calls for a nice profit this morning, but it's just fun to regurgitate some of the bullshit I read around here that people spout off.

Especially when people post about "dark pools" and a stock "coiling"
Gizoogle that shiznit
A proud one!😌 Made me recover my -10k AND made me additional $10k. 
Hope you have a wonderful day and a weekend, dear Nio bear!
NIO still overbought on daily RSI. More room to fall?
Wasn’t quick enough to buy ): ironically was typing out this post when we were above 357 and by the time I finished and was gonna buy the contracts we had already went back down lmao
I don't like?
Most people here have weeklies
So wait , you’re telling me a stock can go up 2600% in a year and you’re confused when it finally pulls back?
Surely Tesla this low is free money?
When it touches 390 you buy calls son
Are there any other stocks that this is applicable to? I can't think of any.
Rigged
November 25th but hopefully my zoom put prints
Definitely! Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Cradling the wall street bulls nuts hoping to reversing my nio calls i bought on the “dip”
Why does zm tank and airlines climb when literally they were fear Mongering covid last week
Is anybody talking about APWC?!
WFH stocks are getting hammered even with virus numbers at all time high. Looks like the market considers virus gone for all purposes.
Priced on Growth 😂
It's alright bb, as long as you tried
You might want to should read up on options intrinsic value. But the strike price is irrelevant to the main point
Strike?
10/20 one of em and 2 of em 12/2
How can we be expected to teach retards to learn how to make tendies if they can't even fit inside the building?
Sadly pump at this point
it's pulling back, it's not "crashing"
Straight up retarded, I don't get it.
Your good bruh. Its projected to hit 220 in 2021
F is up 3.4% today whatchu talkin bout
We are pumping because of vaccine news anticipation. That’s why tech is dead.
[deleted]
Please hold for loss porn
PLTR
Lol not happening today
God stuff man! God! 

What did you study with
[deleted]
Zm is about to erase my loses for the week if it drops
I sincerely hope you could afford to lose that money, on the bright side you still have $9k to YOLO to make it all back
Diamond Dave checking in
Monday after the shat news becomes ludicrous
Boondock Saints lol
[deleted]
I'm assuming half this subreddit is lol
Which stocks are those
I’m Canadian
I’m holding NIO calls through the weekend. I’m not fucking selling
All my homies hate PDT restrictions
Canopy calls forever
IS NIO really "crashing" if it's still higher than what it was on Monday?
I have one 11/20 and 2 12/2 expirations
Just 141k to go
Depends on the expiry
Not every short seller report needs to be about fire and brimstone to make a point about price
Are you from the EU? I'm not sure if fidelity for non-american offers that as well.
POSITIONS!?!?!

Loss porn is no fun without knowing what idiot move you made.
Time to yolo some 0DTE.
Just wait for it
Wait so you're telling me NIO tanked right before a earnings report that will be stellar, and after an election that will allow them to sell fully in the US most likely, just because 1 short seller said a negative thing about the stock? That's the market I guess.
I want to buy to puts, but part of me feels this is the beginning of a rip
buy calls when spy is in the red and buy puts when it’s in the green
1/15/21 18C PLTR
Not seeing a major sell off today. 

Next week though....maybe?
[deleted]
idk i just randomly threw $10 into it that i had extra yesterday to see that they went up 52% today. I should’ve put actual money in Lol.
That's a withdrawal! Ban this fake bullshit
Right
My fucking zm fuck
If you can explain why I'm in for FD's
I'm 15 lol
Yea boi
Your doing it right
Got burned by NIO, F
Yes
I was in 0dte calls on TSLA, OSTK, and now NIO on their biggest intraday downswings ever

AMA
You’re almost as dumb as Sleepy Joe Hidin
[deleted]
[deleted]
ya Zoom should be $2000 a share wtf man !!11111shift11
Uhh 💎🖐 spy puts ?
Spy needs to dye! 

(From green to red) :)
Either 359 or 352
Rug Pull 3:30 PM?
I passed my Series 7 today boys. I'm a licensed broker now lmfao
Nope
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ZM   445.0|4.9|5.1|4.94|-9.83|79.289%


ZM 445.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6dizx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
What
How tf is spy up rn lol
Legally speaking, I can't even invest sooo
Well bois I'm done with day trading until thursday because my broke ass is still trading on cash app.
[deleted]
Good.   I've watched 100% profits turn to negative.  And then I cry and drink.  My 20k in zoom calls doubled to 40k.  If I held overnight it would have been 80k.  But profit is better than homelessness.
4pm Donnie presser. Supposedly about vaccines but you know he can’t stay on topic.
Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Guys, Direxion unveiled a new ETF called MOON that buys stock in "innovative and disruptive companies."
Options trading is just a glorified version of Hot Potato
Imma need some asshole to explain to me why BIDU isn’t up 3-5% today when they have earnings on Monday. BILI & JD moon their ass off too, I mean I can understand BABA being down but c’mon BIDU

Edit: setting higher lows tho and bouncing off the 200dma. Maybe this will be the best earnings play of the MCHI since ut hasn’t pumped as much as the others listed
Does anyone wanna buy a ZM 445c 11/20 off me for $1100 lol
Today doesn’t feel like a green day at all
So is NIO still worth more than GM?
PlayStation
Now that I’ve liquidated my NIO stock and everything is down, does anyone have any suggestions of what shares to store the bulk of my money in? I’m thinking tech but not sure
Why did you post twice? I remember seeing this
When can I start buying babas turnaround? I havent bought the dip at all yet and I want to start opening some put credit spreads
zm battling the inevitable.....
WMT will be $151 - $152 before earnings then drop to $147 - $148 after earnings. you're welcome
Scott doesn't know that Fiona and me do it our van every Sunday.
That’s what I’m saying hope it dumps eod
watching my puts moon
Dump
Lol ZM
Chinese EV bulls in shambles
n o
[deleted]
Shit
[deleted]
FSR to 30 eom
FSR CALLS?
Invert that shit
haha fuck ur NIO and LI calls
SPY EOD predictions?
lol
Mistake 1: Trusting a lizard
The instant test machines are inaccurate as fuck is what is going on.
So.... Just like NIO.
Spy to the fucking ground
[deleted]
currently on life support, but flickering
11/16 360c and 12/31 400c
What's the gripe on SOLO? I missed this.
Was that the Blow off top on Chinese EV?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Impossible, NIO has to have topped for the day already for that to be possible
Red Dildos make Gay Bears come
I’m just gonna let it ride. Year later numbers will speak for themselves. Might trade in and out a bit but holding at least for x5. Made a mistake of selling tsla too early, and same with some other plays.

Btw look into OSS, good one as well although has some risk factors
[deleted]
Nah NIO though might be soon
Can Citron finally publish a short report on SPY?
Lol I'm out of fucking money GME is my biggest position if you don't count unrealized gains/losses (thanks NIO!)
What a fun week guys
Lmao you are truly autistic. Enjoy your CCL calls retard
So we’re all bullish on NIO (China sales 75% y/y) and bearish on TSLA (growing 120% y/y)?

Just want to make sure so I know how to place my inverse WSB trade.
Socrates? Should that not be nostradamus?
NIO will keep deeping for awhile.
Noble pursuit. I hope it works out. Fukin that POS.
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2020-12-13 18:37:25 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-13%2018:37:25%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jr5ohd/if_you_liked_burry_on_gme_youre_gonna_love_him_on/gc6dcte/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjr5ohd%2Fif_you_liked_burry_on_gme_youre_gonna_love_him_on%2Fgc6dcte%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-13%2018%3A37%3A25%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jr5ohd)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
In puts yeah no calls
The volume is definitely there for it
[removed]
If you’ve got that kind of capital to burn then I wouldn’t
[deleted]
Its expected to break 220 easy next year. Y'all are fine.
SELL OVERVALUED NIO
I bought a $355 put and the shit started go up like always. Owell
Yeah yesterday
Fucking what the fucking fuck… who the fuck… fuck this fucking… how did you two fucking fucks… FUCK!
i took a call on NIO

to show wsb i was cool

and when they finally expire, they'll be worth zero dollars

but fuck it, it was something to do
BA is absolutely crushing me right now
[deleted]
remember: stimulus looking bad, mango trying to stir the pot, outlook looks horrible for holiday season


ABC (always buy calls)
*puts I think he meant to say
Probably I’m the only one who holds W calls here. But just dumped them for 30% profit instead of 100% a couple of days ago. Don’t worry, it will go up now 😭😭😭
done
They were shorting them for awhile two years ago, but nothing really negative about the company---they were commending their management but just questioned the valuation at the time.

https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Shopify-What-a-Difference-a-Month-Makes.pdf
eod pump or dump?
I hope you're right!
I cant purchase warrants at the moment anyways. After CEO does not get fucked by 'murica, i'll buy a lot of SRAC and hopefully SRACW as well.

A lot in my case means much less than going all in, like for WSB tards. Its not like i would big percentage of my $$ if the merger doesnt go through.
I know ςΓyρτο is frowned upon here but years ago I sold 240 ETH for $3000 when it was like $10 per. A year later it was worth 400K. Shit happens.
Holy shit I thought it was a meme, but Roblox is really making an IPO. Looool.
Same picked up 11/18 $359 earlier today
Wow so jealous of your shares
80k open interest on it. your not alone
!Remindme 30 days

I got myself some 12/18 25 c.
Pandemic stocks falling, as cases are rising.   Nothing makes sense anymore.
i'm never drinking absolute citron again
I kept waiting and watching......the red dildos never came!!! They never came!!!!
Hopefully continue to bounce off of Wednesday low support.
You're absolutely right, I have no regrets whatsoever. it was an expensive lesson, learned many things from it
365 11/20
How did you lose
This sub is so weird when it comes to dating. It’s like nobody here ever heard about just being yourself and finding someone who likes you for who you are. Then again, this is a autism support group, so half of these fucks only date their hand.
>"....right now we are looking at a share structure and an investor base that is more interested in spinning a casino wheel,” -Citron's Andrew Left  

*looks down and kicks rock*, don't know what you're talking about mister.
Because Elon is a fucking sociopath
I have fidelity. I can buy warrants on that platform. Also believe TD Ameritrade and Schwab also. Robinhood you cannot.
[removed]
No some cheap ass commie mouse ARMORED WOLF. Cost me about 20 bucks. Im not a gamer but like to hold a A-cup boob mouse.
Boring ass day. What is this? Movement for ants?
guys pls at what point do i stop averaging down
Remember the last time daddy said this?

Yeah.
I hate you people
TA says no, but MEME power of this stonk probably says yes....   LOL
Anyone playing WMT earnings? 
152.5c 11/20
If you know the pattern so well, why aren’t you rich off of it? We already know you’re not so just shut the fuck up
Mango talking about operation warp speed at 4. One last Tremp Pemp baby
PLTR has big meme potential
Don’t underestimate it. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Oh so their is literally no thinking involved it's literally just gambling
That sounds right...
[deleted]
Any reasons you think they'll do well in December?  Trump will still be president and Biden gets sworn in Jan 20th or so
hopefully earnings report turns this around?
*loses house from NIO margin call.
Fuccin killing me. Whyyyyyyyy
Trading tensions might
It certainly does feel like a slow death.
pretty sure you're probably just coping but i hope you're right for the sake of my knife caught calls
FB fucking sucks. Cucked by Zuck again.
No spy be cucking some days.
BEST new meme stock GF
yep, and I have a OTM call as well
They buy and buy and buy and then JPowell messages in the groupchat "sell" and then everyone sells
lmao. perfect timing OP. Why are people homeless? They buy retardedly overpriced options with 150+ IVs on stupid meme stocks and absurdly valued bubbles like Nio and lose their shirts.
Who fucking cares what Trump has to say about operation warp speed "Vaccine close!" still going to take months to get it out. Doubling down next week if it opens below 100.
This is exactly what I’m playing. I’ve got a range of puts 30-45 nov20-dec 4th. Nio don’t fuck me now
I don’t get it
today
Good news bad news. I bought SPY this morning and it keeps going higher. To bad I bought f puts.
elon got covid
Lmao I imagine I’d make love to her and then also become violently angry around
Riveting
Papa Elon has the bud light virus
Pretty sure that would make stock history Lmao, down like 20% intraday to up like 40% after that or something
Most useful DD. Danke schon.
If we get some volume. Pressure will be too much 🙏
When is Roblox IPO?
Works for me retard
[deleted]
ZM is killed
Thats my plan, but i need HELP. I cant find SRACW on any european e-broker. Any tips??? Excluding Interactive Brokers, they require high deposits and the fees are ass.
green but im a boomer who only buys SPY shares
stairs up, elevator down
Everyone who bought puts are at +200%. If they didn’t sell 1/2-2/3 they’re being greedy. Best to sell partial and hold the rest with “house money” so even if nio spikes they go back to break even.
Solo the next Nio and Li. Move on over!
Strike?
The long answer is yes, the short answer is no. The trade deal will obviously be reversed after Biden's inauguration.
NIO still on an uptrend
TDOC is a shitty company, they couldn't figure out to go 5x during this once in a lifetime opportunity.  Competition is plenty and others have better tech.  I have used TDOC. Guh.
\*girlfriends boyfriend sent these texts
They don’t 
They’d anyone regardless being opposite poles, that even turns them more on
It’s dropping in share price
PTON going after my account like a heat seeking missile today. Who’d you sell my info to RH?
Rotation from nio into spce
This didn't age well!
Same. I have no idea what’s going on. What’s your positions?
Just like that
Dude if you trust the stock but have paper hands then just average into it and see if it takes off.  I bought 100 shares at 4 dollars then sold it because it wasn't going anywhere
Why is TSLA so low
PayPal gang let's go
I like looking how people preform. If you held good job, good call
No
Your anus
Well on the bright side bulls, [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5g9pc/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3) is getting NIO tattoo’d on him or banned
Thoughts on TSLA for 11/20?
[deleted]
Please learn what options are before you start losing all your money.
KOBE!!
Chinese EVs are total shit. Tesla can undercut them on locally produced cars and has far more brand cache.
I want to believe
lololol
I was up +400 with 2 weeks left on my calls, then next day was down a full 1k at open. Glad i cut my losses there bc theyd be worthless
I have spy puts
Wow, they really can’t let this thing go. It will be a disaster. Low volume means JPow/LFink can do what they like.
Have you guys noticed how share prices typically take a long time to reach a certain point, and then fall down from that point in a matter of minutes? It’s so hard to watch.
DKNG to $20????
Never been a Lamborghini fan
I want to drive a yacht, converted for driving.
Thank you. This bubble needs to deflate before I’m confident enough to go unreasonably long.
ZOOM FUCK YOU
Tjx anyone?
we're still months away though right? surely it drops when theres more shutdowns?
So blessed to hop out of AMZN on the pump
Been in and out, both calls and puts. Careful! Don't go all in today!
Rip to all my retards who bought High ass premiums on calls only to get theta crushed to the next dimension .

&#x200B;

You all arel the real mvps for buying our calls though thanks
[deleted]
WMT is one big beautiful bitch
Facts
[deleted]
Shit my bads
FSR taking a little snooze
I think he's right about buying puts
Nio calls is free Money
[deleted]
Interesting. Thought all the smooth brains had dumped already...guess not
What is this? An r/trees crossover episode?
the losses stop when the option is worthless my guy
Damn did you do it? I have 5 of the same contracts so I am watching it. Already moved 10c in the last few mins so that is 10k for you!
Congrats tho it interesting hearing other people thinking process.
NIO bulls are probably just as greedy as bears off the March bottom 🤣
Jesus
[removed]
Holy fuck how does ZM just keep going down
?
Your good bro if you wait it out.
Im 46.6. Good luck dude
Its because of High speed algo trading. More than 75% of entire trading is done by automated computers without human interference. They read news from whole internet in microseconds and buy/sell stock based on sentiments. They must have shorted both NIO and XPEV seconds after Cytrone published its paper.
For the first time in a long time, I got out at the top. Feels good.
Btw, I had 45c before market closed yesterday,
Was down because I had bought at a high so I lost money, sold the call at 250, but puts at 2:55 and like a retard did the same thing you did
Aka the flying car
Thanks will do... my life savings are gone
Picked up Tesla and ford 2023 leaps
# whats going on with NVDA ??
RH won't let me trade 0DTE yet so I just grabbed puts for Monday and I'll probably use a day trade to get out of them. Or not.
no, there was just not much news so SPY up
probably golf
lol timed the SOLO top perfectly DIE you SOB!
Just hold until Tuesday and hope it gets back to 54
NIO is just consolidating and getting ready to coil up from a dark pool poolage of buyers to take it to 60 today.  I just know it.
Spy just do what nio did this morning please
KEEP DUMPING NIO BOYS!! WE GONNA BUY LOW AND SELL HIGH AFTER EARNINGS REPORT!!!!
FUCK!
Yeah, the problems with that are 1) insanely expensive options, and 2) I could see orange man dragging his feet on it just because, and us not getting it until late January
What’re we thinking?

DoorDash 🗑  
Airbnb 🔥  
Roblox 💎🔥  
Affirm 🔥💎  
Wish 🔥  
Databricks 🔥💎
Ya I am glad I got out at open
He definitely does, can still make other friends rich. Trump is definitely someone who cares about his legacy.
Excuse me, the term "Retard" is offensive to us autists.
Yeah, or something
That's actually cute and wholesome. Sounds like a good girl OP
It's only been 40 minutes and this comment already didn't age well
Wait isn’t that a bankrupt Singaporean water treatment company???
Ur a stand up dude. It'll sort out. Thanks tho. We gonna get some later
is he really?
Which 5G stock? NIO?
Would restrictions on trading Chinese companies effect nio?
It's gotta be. You have to throw it into concentrated plays and cross your fingers.
NIO almost back to.... Where is was yesterday AM.
Good luck with that.
So a 5:00pm presser, interesting
I know, that was the warning dip, XPENG saved it, now bubble popped. It's happened to me on too many stocks
There is nothing NICE ABOUT ANY OF THIS. ☹️
Nio is really gonna bleed into low 40s by eod
It’s not lol
RuG pUlL cOmInG sOoN
Bought them at $1.12
You're only 16, you don't have a rep yet.
Spy calls because someones gotta do it
Lmaooo market is literally so retarded bro, just load up on PLAY and DENN puts if they pump on COVID news
12/18 $340
Thank god I got out of li when I did, still doing good but I’m done with the Chinese EV game for a bit
\>406 million in NIO volume

\>falls over backward in chair
https://twitter.com/joshdcaplan/status/1327316533656358912?s=20
This is retarded I love it
SOLO FDs end of day free tendies
Yeah, no need to hide your small pipi-ness behind your muscles anymore
I wish I bought in on SE, its held my interest for the last few weeks. Anytime it drops to $160, buy calls up to $180. It really is a beast
Probably Had some intern draft it up in five minutes. Citron is usually decent in their reports, but that was pure dogshit. basically, “this stock bad because price too high.”
And that’s my whole portfolio!
you would think zm would jump with new lockdowns. My account begs to differ
Cut your losses like I did, Nio bros.
If you kick all of the latinos out of this country, who's going to clean his toilet?
You bought a marijuana business and sell ounces for $95 too?
Me buying QQQ puts expecting something to happen 🤡
Pfizer Moderna
He is being held up by the triads
spy does not move at fucking all
Looks like we were kinda right
Are you red or green all-time?
Was there vaccine news or something?
$ >  💪
Funny how you left out Monday
That’s pretty high
[deleted]
Peter Thiel, you are not my friend, you are my brother, my friend
Chuck Norris definitely!
Really is wtf
JD drops on CCP news, v shaped recovery. 

BABA drops on CCP news, L shaped
[removed]
Sorry I’m not a cow
NIO 45 just broke... uh oh
Fucking sexy beast
Got PLTR call when it was down. 15c 02/19/21. It’s free money right?
I invested into undervalued OIL companies (OVV, and Suncore), OVV actually went from $2.95 to $12 when I sold
why are you running?
Oof. You still hoping for a reversal
You retard, I can’t jerk off to this!
No thx
You think? 😂
Government pays companies to find a vaccine.
[deleted]
Best of luck brother 🤝
fuck a lambo, i wanna drive a helicopter
Actually that mostly looks pretty good to me
39C OR WHAT?
yall buying puts?
Welcome to your new home.... r/wallstreetbets
I actually like this play.  I think the market is way too bullish considering what is going on.
Premium prices!
This is too retarded to have any right to be funny. Guess I'm retarded.
45 just broke
Staying centrist can slowly kill us too which is odd to think about
You never go full retard
That's what most thought on Tuesday. Dipped in the high 30's. Well, hope you're wrong
At least we have J pow 🙏
I too read the Citron report lol
Guh
I ordered a gaming mouse on Amazon yesterday and got it now. Thought of going to bestbuy but ppl in this sub convinced me to order on AMZN. AMZN is the future ppl.
What covid did is accelerate companies shifting te remote work. covid has been here for 8 months now every company already switched plus its overvalued af. they have to justify their valuation with another ridiculous beat like they did last 2 quarters or they tank. risky investment
I remember a week ago when my BABA 300c was ITM
Robinhood will sell it first
What up with all the Nike boys wearing this ugly brownish grey shirt.. (Tiger, Rory, Koepka)
You don’t. TSLA iS NoT a CAr CoMPAanyyy 😂
Your welcome bears, I just bought calls
What platform do you use? Pretty sure the unlimited day trade is an SEC restriction for accounts under $25,000 daily balance. Robhinhood tries to save us from whatever penalties,  but yeah
TSLA and ZM shares trading 1:1 right now lol
or is it a buying oppty ? 🤔
I went all in on NIO at BARGAIN PRICE $54 today. AMA
Can we see AMZN above 3300 again before the EOY?
[deleted]
Should I buy now or will they dip soon?
Please no. I dont want to get assigned on these Ccs
It’s good if you hold some shares long to reach long term gains territory. Then you can flip a few shares on the side
EOD trump presser on warp speed so I’m thinking SPY rally and QQQ sell off.    
    
Disclaimer: I’m retarded
Baba calls 11/27?
Remember if there's a vaccine it means online shopping grinds to a halt because everyone will go to brick and mortar stores which they stopped doing even before a pandemic but you know, now that there's a vaccine, you'll change your shopping habits simply because your house smells like beer and farts from being home for months.
I bet it's dumping today because of his stupid tweets
Nah I shorted it
That’s fair
what were ur positions?
36% short volume in NIO because of cucitron

Now we can short squeeze on Tuesday🤷‍♂️
anyone here from the way?
Your puts will be worthless
Thoughts on PLUG?
Interactive Brokers

Anyone in the EU can open an account there
I was more worried about earnings before today's drop. Holding 2/19/21 ITM calls
Y’all fuckin up if you not buyin FISKER
they didn't get the prediction right... they basically caused the rally to stop (or slow).
Godspeed
Read above
"Only states I won will receive the vaccine. We've destroyed the rest to be sure none of those rat fuck commie liberal blue states get any"
NIO one week chart looks like it's giving the middle finger
Nope but don’t buy it now. Wait until it’s pumping and up 10%. That’s the best way to make money.
Small streets bets is before you get on the elevator.
It hasnt been flat. It's been going up and down like a fucking kangaroo.
For me, I’m not really concerned about trying to pick a price in the underlying security, I’m only concerned with hitting a certain % profit and then cut ties
I think you're done at this point, will just be down from here
Apparently you can’t count fingers that’s either a pointer or ring finger
Aged like sour milk
Schwab. 68 cents per contract so it would be 680 bucks
You don’t think it’s done for today?
BED bug post???? Mods delete every post you put on this sub😂 and you need to clean your house you’re dirty mf  

“Do bed bugs walk around during the day?

I have a bed bug problem in my home, waiting a couple more days till the exterminator comes.. I couldn’t find bed bugs on my couch, (the infestation is in my bed room) so I’ve been sleeping on the couch.. today I saw a live one walking on it.. do y’all think my couches done too?””” 😂😂😂

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bedbugs/comments/jas8gz/do_bed_bugs_walk_around_during_the_day/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
[deleted]
[deleted]
how the fuck is livenation still climbing with covid going exponential
mama raised a bitch
MMs hate fridays.
Tech fading hard, boomer stocks mooning
Moon 2
Thank you
Yeah maybe it's because JD is the second biggest player in the market. BABA taking most of the hit
Calm down it’s barely even up. Lmao
Whoever posted this made me buy 25 shares and now I’m up $8 thanks
Load up your spy puts for next week boys and girls, Donnie gonna take a huge dump and he's not gonna flush
Probally more dead monday, then more dead Tuesday, and then wednesday its buried.
Never chase gains lol just as bad as revenge trading
[removed]
Baba has a pretty large buy wall on L2 backed up to 250. Slower slope to 270. Not a bad time to get in
PLTR gotta go up a little, my 11/13 16c determine my financial future
Disney should just create Disneyland Omaha
PTON getting bodied.
[removed]
through zoom
Search MOO in Robinhood. Wtf
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
That's what I thought also lol
How can one neckbeard analyst cause a stock to go down so much?
[deleted]
I really don’t think so. I think we are going to see a chain cascade of sell off on NIO after earnings the momentum is gone. I think citron was short selling the stock
Yup, Hold for the runup. Be careful of holding through earnings though
CBAT
GME 168%
[removed]
110p 11/27 that shit has a big gap to fill to 105
BA carrying the weight
tsla booming was a result of ALOt of analysts believing it was just a car company. nio is just a car company.
Yes, cause I’m funny damnit
Which broker do you use? Fees alone would be more expensive for me on ToS
I propose we refer to fridays as "Fuk the VIX Friday" from here on out
[deleted]
right, you ran out, so deposit more
Oh no, I did. But then I doubled down. 🤡🤡
Oh! That’s cool...


&nbsp;


&nbsp;


&nbsp;


&nbsp;


^I ^could ^only ^afford ^30
You and me both. 🤡🤡

This is the way.
Chinese EV bulls in shambles today?
Why.... It shouldn't crash as more people will need to use it.
Thus, lockdown means more revenue for them????
idk anything about this NIO shit but SPY puts really came through for me this week
Well then may the 0dte gods shower you with tendies
You mean last Tuesday?
shit show.. im short since 183.6 scaling in slowly.. adding more size as it keeps going up.. gotta average up that cost
Yesssss
So NIO dead huh?
r/stocks r/options
this aged well
NIO will prevail! I'm going balls deep!!! APES TOGETHER STRONG
apparently Warren Buffet and Jeff Bezos had a love child, Rupert Murdoch, who developed time travel at some point and traveled back to troll the shit out of all of us.
SOLO graph looks like a giant middle finger.
Same reason covid cases are at peak and no one really seems to care. We are going to have to go back over the cliff first.
The report DESTROYS NIO.
And I could cut my losses quick if we start shooting up
NIO is going to the moon. I got shares, holding this bitch til next year when the Chinese invade our country and force everyone to make NIO cars to sell on BABA
PALANTIR $17 EOD
Once nio dips. It’s done for that day but it’d fly the next day
Sold 20 of those same ones an hour ago
how much could you have won if it worked out?
I laughed because of relation 😂😭😌🥺😞😢😭
LYFT 01/15/21 35P Gang here!!!!!
YouTube
This pump is retarded
assuming the stock continues to drop below yesterday's low which is around 43.95... then your puts will print.. :D
I just bought 100 0D calls @ 258. Let’s go you cunt
W shape recovery
They seem unscathed by this BABA shitstorm
I'm going to pretend to understand this and upvote it.
SE you fuckin beast
Hell yeah! Was thinking this is a temp dip. Holding Dec calls
Companies like this offer free charging. Shopping centers and the like will pay the measly cost of electricity plus rent on the station to draw in customers that have to be there for an hour or two. I suppose EV charging stations in this way have created the elusive "free lunch".
We are done caring about covid. Get with the program
Can you explain ??
do it if you hate 💰
he'll come out and probably complain about the erection the entire time
shoudl have given it to me .. i would have kicked you in the nuts for 15% less than what you lost
Jack is in time out for six months
GME
Dominick decoco
Throat sex
NIO will drill periodically until it makes you lose your mind. Then it will sit around for a day or two for people to forget about it.

And then once you’ve turned your back it’s flying to the moon again
TSLA at 400 is free money right?
From up 25k in the morning to down 10k. Had a similar ride w/ NIO this past Tuesday. I'm holding.
It’s been flat for a while. It’s gonna jump to 50 eod
Lives>money
Well boys. What’s the new “NIO” now?
So yes? I don’t have much money on my account. Will robinhood pay the 70c with my 60c for me, or do I need the collateral cash on my account?
What is your DD?
I would kill myself if I saw that much money evaporate in front of my eyes
Guys don’t be dumb and buy NIO now! Wait until it’s pumping over $50 again!

#smart
Puts on dudes rap game.
The fuck is ARYO?
wtf is operation warp SPEEED
SELL NIO REBUY EOD
[deleted]
Sold at 51.70, so happy.
Just floatin a 6 digit loss all casual-like
that report looks like the biggest joke I've ever seen. the formatting, the way he wrote "bil" wtf is this, written by a high school dropout?
Lol warrants? Thats so dumb what if the merger dont come through? Still really possible with the ceo debacle
NIO hit my stop loss at 51 so I'm good, its going back to the 50s after earnings.
> AYRO 

Damn it was $200 in 2017 lmao
There will be, trust me 😘
Does anything have a higher short % of float than SPCE? It’s almost 90
JD to the moon
until I get some news that Jack Ma made peace with Xi, I'm staying the fuck away from BABA
20 contracts
[deleted]
I wouldn’t do that due to EA’s earnings. TTWO has different revenue streams so EA aligns with ATVI a lot more.

EA missed so I like the play heading into January earnings. I totally agree though next Q it’s going to fucking print.

I guess they are all the same and it’s semantics.
Loss porn > any other porn
Cause we operation warp fuc’t
He's opening the market Monday.
I'm already in and getting fcked since morning
Waiting till we cross 357 again
Yes
I’m pretty confused by this too tbh
I’m gonna sell NIO just so it pops off. You’re welcome guys
This is extremely bullish right? SPY didnt reject resistance and head straight back down like every other time
[deleted]
363c 11/23
Bc they’re already -99%
NIO reminds me of TSLA in that when TSLA hit $500, 9 out of 10 “analysts” said to short the shit out of it.
Four months later it was trading at $2400
I think there is some significance in the fact that Chinese EVs are doing horrible today while other EVs are at least staying afloat (fsr, solo) while others (F) are flourishing. Dont know how to factor in TSLA
SuBae's coming with rizen and 6900s inside a tesla
47.7
Based on his comment history I'm not sure this is his screenshot.
[removed]
ok square. im out. go ahead and moon
[deleted]
Imagine buying calls over the weekend with all these bad catalyst lmao idiot
Biden stimulus talks officially on the menu now
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$51**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$3.32**|**$45.161**|**2058**|**10836**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhglj2k4ax660720hwf29qhx) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/baldat18cel/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
How in the hell do you grow a 6 figure trading account? I have circled back to where I was about 15 times this year.
Protip: use emotion when buying and selling.
SOLO turned my $60 to $1000
Waiting for everyone to lose money in Nio then massive pump plus sick Elon burn tweet
Lots of small dick energy today. MMs are active
NIO/XPEV/LI gonna go back up to the market open price by EOD. That grade 12 short report is ridiculous. Did people actually read that before selling?
This reminds me of the old gene simmons tv show.
Goes to the track and bets on every horse. 

Can’t go tits up.
You aren’t missing anything. The market is just delusional
Do we buy puts now??? Covid is skyrocking and we are going back to phase 1
I mean there's the tesla symbol on the back sooooo how?
you do realize zm wouldnt moon everytime theres a lockdown right?
Pass
Strike?
[removed]
Yeah of course I know that lol
I'm looking at stocks SPY holds and i don't understand why it's up so much rn when it's major stocks are down..
Don’t you get you have to inverse?
90c and 95c 11/27. I won’t go long term on this due to CCP fuckery
May as well 😢
[deleted]
Jagoffs
Hey Siri, how to have Ma and Xi to make love again.
Now that NIO is over I'm looking at all other stocks that exist, WTF TSLA? Are people getting back in?
Me too, seems backward but then again so has all of 2020.
it's counterintuitive
They just wanted cheaper NIO calls
[deleted]
Interesting PT. Lol
The rapid test has a false negative rate of up to 50%. He almost definitely has covid
Wow, youd either retire like a king or be an absolute moron
Same bought 730 shares today, holding, it's a strong company.
Dumb ass sob
So if you would’ve put a Grand Into it you would be at 1,5 Million now
I could see SPCE being next. It’s been a meme stock in the past and they have an upcoming test flight in the next couple weeks. Could rally a bit before then
Wait till Monday
pwc audited them
Tell me your first move please. First ones always free.
All in on red
Shitty idea huh?
Didn’t fill it out quick enough would be up like 7k already if I had
Every friend is playing the hell out of shadowlands pre patch, And what game do you think is going to be first buy on ps5 and xboxx? Call of duty...

Nov 20 80c
This aged well
UVXY short term calls..deaths with skyrocket next week
Used yesterday's VXX 20c profits to buy UVXY 14c for next week.

Down 55% since ~10:00.

Fucking insane.
That's 30k you're putting on the line, more than a few grand I would say. 0.30 cents is $30 a contract, you know that right?
Spy 360c 11/16
Yea and was about to go back to 54
Thoughts on amazon next week?
Stay in till next week.. tuesday ish
One analyst out the 19 currently rating NIO says he doesn’t like the stock anymore and everyone loses their shit.
Alright fuck it 50/50 hope that shit tanks
"unchartered territory...in its current standing in the China EV market" ??? Bro, the lies are almost palpable. People must be enraged.
DUFNAR 
Dow up for no apparent reason
Same haha. I feel the same exact way.
[deleted]
1000% profit on this will break me even for the week 🤣
God i hope you sold
Bipolar.
That’s called a spread. I usually buy spreads rather than naked calls and puts
o7
loaded some baba leap. Thinking about some fd calls as well
[removed]
Lol, good luck idiot.
as early as 11.18 but airlines are pumping already... no idea why
Pathetic Donald waiting till market close to speak
Fuck it, I’ll throw $500 in on it
Calls on LMND
You don’t say that
Fauci already gave some
Not looking too hot chief
Oh someone’s dumb for not taking profit
Maybe he shouldn’t be doing inaccurate rapid tests then?
yessir
“Chart unavailable”
They don’t even manufacture their car lol
They’re going to print.
Bro you’re ass needs to go to rehab
Will people be buying next week like crazy before earnings on tuesday tho that’s the question
anyone here in TDOC calls? considering buying up this dip considering we are about to go through some major lockdowns
F to pay respects, or the standard F you?  


Fair, either way.  :)
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nhocshock the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
F
I’m feeling an eod sell off this week.
They did
NIO is holding 45 strong
It’s gonna be about the election obv
I want it to be a bloodbath so i can buy in cheap for long term
thats why you buy AYRO which is us company
No, the guy on chat essentially laughed at my smolPP account and told me its not up for discussion..
Unless I can bring it past 25k.

They'll match if you are a high value target, or frequently trade. The dude was an asshat though; might transfer acct to e-Trade out of spite
Just loaded up on VIXY
same here, why is it going up...
Where can one find info on upcoming hype?
Yoloing my retirement fund on $NIO $50 11/20
Calls
If spy was a person what would it be like? 🤔🤔
it doesn't, they're not on "the list" and not involved in Chinese military.

except for the fact that all Chinese stocks are taking a hit from this... NIO should rebound well into next weeks earnings
MRNA duh
Godspeed
SHORT NIO - this ship is over folks.  Bye bye NIO down to $25 where you belong.
Youtube is a big help, and you'll learn through experience if you start trading.
I buy shares only of stocks with market cap <5bn usually. For large market caps options liquidity is good and going with that
Disney
Puts got absolutely fuked
Guh
What am I missing?

2nd wave is coming.  Schools are closing again.  Shelter in place in immanent.

ZM, DOCU, DDOG, ZS, TWLO, TDOC VIX all crashing.

Cruise lines, MGM, and railroads rising.

I get that a vaccine is coming but I don't seeing having an effect on life for at least 6 months.
I bought calls in the morning expiring next week. ALready down 20%. Fucking go up you shit TSLA
I let them die
...to 356.96?
spce
Alright boys, it’s time to do what we do every Friday and place bets on a potential SPY EOD (p)(d)ump.
Friend told me to look at MOON, rh crashes when I type in moo
I’m hoping it goes down Lol i have puts i’m not praying for it to keep running
Google it + TD Ameritrade 

They have good articles that discuss it. There’s also a free app that allows you to “paper trade” so basically use their whole system with the real market but imaginary money: “Think or Swim” once you get to where you know how to use it, then you switch to real money in the same app.
Nice, is your calendar green? That’s the only way.
I should have bought more of my 1/15/21 90c. Positions?
smoke a couple doinks, drink a couple beers
TSLA. Zoom will disappear with vaccine distributions and the market is pricing that in. $TSLA actually has a great leader and is priced in for 2050.
Trump announcement today at 4pm in operation warp speed-

Who thinks Moderna got Emergency Authorization??????
Yeah I’m shorting it in leverage around that rn but it’s slowly gaining wtf
Do it
Watch golf
Bought in at 45
Imagine if the neuralink could control his immune system and they could program it to attack specific diseases. They can send it over Starlink and have everyone updated
If they restricted his account can he still yolo the last 9k? A man should be able to loose 100%.  THIS IS AMERICA!
Go all in to learn fast
What time do you close out spreads on expiry day? Have a couple open and it could go either way. Want to give it enough time to roll the contracts if need be
I have a 60$ Nio call. Is it smart to sell a 70$ nio call to pay for my losses?
I agree “in the money” is great. Also option alpha
bought in at like 48$ bud dont even trip we got time
SPY goes up 

my poots stay flat

y?
Well my travels puts are going to either disappear in a thanos snap or become printers. I’m guessing the former.
Cause rich people trade in the AH market
[deleted]
No one here knows
Long-term you're good bro. Sell a covered call.
Puts on MRNA Monday when news come out?  Siri company that has the vaccine drops and everything else moons
CMCM? Earnings 11/24 at <2
It was an excuse for people to take profits
True true. Appreciate it
The richest fucks always live so poorly.  My great uncle died with millions in his 80s a few decades ago.  Was a tradesperson and never bought anything after ~1960.  Repaired and fixed everything.  A true frugal Scotsman 😂.  My old engineer coworker lives in a basement of one of his seven properties and drives the same civic he got as a kid some 20 years later.  Dude doesn't travel doesn't flex, wears a casio and Walmart or thrift store clothes. 

Fuck that lifestyle.
What’s past the moon?
BA is rly pissing me off today lmaoo
You can get em cheap if I’m so wrong lol
Should have stayed gay for this Friday atleast.
Imagine thinking either are credible. this is just numbers on a screen. Emotions are what drives this
Its really bad news
Ok I’m buying 1000 contracts of 356 0dte puts for .30 cents. Might make like 10k or lose a few grand fuck it
i feel like they got something planned for those staying at home this christmas, like some special or a dump of disney movies on their platform.
The way BA is pumping...looks like max news is around the corner
Nah
china number 1
Lol!
Fukin JPow does it again. That fukin clown.
thinking to short it over the weekend @ 185.. lol keeps going up and up today
No thanks.
Oh fuck yea.
He was short also GSX, SHOP, ROKU, and every other company that basically goes up
f
[https://www.whitehouse.gov/live/](https://www.whitehouse.gov/live/)
People who say "Papa Elon" are self aware

&#x200B;

TMC has this breed of people who unironically think Elon is some sort of Asperger's driven genius on a mission to save humanity by relocating us to Mars and he's not in this for the money...

...which is hilarious.
Atleast buy a call
As soon as momentum swings the tiniest bit, peloton calls
$16.5c 12/4, 
$20c 12/31, 
$30c 2/19/21
Just hopped in on XPEV, instant profit the minute I bought it, highly recommend
What’s the top of nio?
Dw I have a skill of buying stocks litteraly within 0.1% of peak. Like it can be going up for days and I'll buy 2 minutes before the peak.
Mu $90c was my first meme stock on wsb 🥺 where has the time gone
It literally said take your profits and go to the next meme. 

😂
It will finish the day over your break even point, just chill
It doesn't. NIO (nor any other stock that anybody here cares about) isn't part of that list.
Why are lawyers in PA quitting then? The campaign also dropped suit in AZ.
If WSB keeps demanding spy to fall it will do the opposite. This is hilarious.
NKLA to the 🌕
Spy if your bitch ass doesn’t dump today then you ain’t black
Their 5 year high is like 10. Throw in 5k to PLTR. Buying more shares once we get a 15 dip.
Yep, 100%. Only the biggest losers are currently getting amped up for COVID "The 2nd Wave". These are people who prey on weakness and desperation to obtain money.
nio already ran up man don’t know what you talking about
You're a day late and it doesn't
Who just paid me $0.74 for a 0DTE NIO $46C?

Bold
YouTube. Try the youtuber “in the money”.
🤡🤡🤡
Palantir is gonna break out
Wday
Ehh they’re gonna talk about the vaccine after hours so it either tanks even harder or the update is bad and it stays at 400imo
Lol 😂 thought the same shit
[deleted]
This guy bears
[removed]
The Hertz effect.
On a Sunday? Lol source please
"my fellow americans, we lost it. we had the vaccine but someone dropped it on the floor and it's gone. I'm sorry"
I got the SPY 340 PUT for 10K for 12/18
no rug pull today ah?
Post positions once entered
[deleted]
ZM has benefit of being a "Covid Phenomena", although the price is insane. TSLA loves 420 by nature, not saying that it belongs there either ( I own stocks, though )
I just wish I rode nio last week. I have trust issues with super hyped stocks lol
I was feeling the same way about Amazon. It seems to be stuck at 3k but with holidays and other potential shut downs I can see it going up
I have no idea what the market wants to do, so for now I’ll be sitting in the corner booth of WSB drinking lemonade from a water cup
What’s your cost AVG? 48$?
Wait till monday. Thank me later
Load up on NIO calls
When one meme stock dies another must rise! SPCE is doing a space flight next week. Calls will go to space with it. Load up!
oh i absolutely agree...i was just expecting it to be an overpriced junk box taking advantage of the silly people in california.
VIX calls, SPY puts
No one tell him
I closed out my call position and reverted to holding stock. In this for the long haul ✌️
Indeed 😈
hopefully it will replenish your gambling account!
E-Ron Moshk
Dunkin Donuts - America runs on Dunkin

Luckin Nio - China runs on Fraud
this feels toppy to you? Seems like some healthy consolidation before next leg up
F to the moon 🚀
Exactly my thoughts. I feel like CCP has released bots to pump NIO on reditt
casue youre just obnoxious cheerleaders, which have no affect on the price. youre just an echo chamber flooding conversations and drowning out other legitimate DD's

Im all for all of us making tendies. But fuck people who flood the DD threads
How does BA have retard strength rn
Just stop thinking logically and it makes sense
Pump markets or dump
NIO should go down until 30$ range. Its pattern matches tesla’s high of 500$ to fall back to 320$ range.
I shouldnt have pussied out of that bet
I bought 15 mins before fucking citron report released..
Hands up mfs, which ones you bought NIO at the top today?
Yeah... We're gonna need a backstory to this
[removed]
I can’t say this more clearly. If you want to make millions of dollars, do yourself a favor and get some AYRO calls. Bye
He doesn’t care about the stock market anymore
He's just trying to stay relevant and milk his followers for as much cash as possible.
if biden shuts down the country he’s going to help jpow turn on his printer and make sure no one goes BK
This aged half well
back to 357 and beyond
Yeah. Shaking weak hands

NIO ain't stopping. I doubled down
JD
Nice. I should probably just stick to share gang and stop day trading options
Do you have more money? Or did you all-in into NIO
What if I’m anticipating a reversal?
aged like milk
JPM puts free money
I'm new don't downvote me. How can I learn the difference between stocks, options, calls, and puts?
pov your trying to sell your calls
are we gonna pump after with vaccine news from trump
He doesn’t really care about votes dog, he cares about staying out of jail and not paying debts. He’s won’t concede anytime soon.
If this aint bofton, I'mma hang Ma.
Nio bois, come to PLTR, if you can get in below 15 great. Otherwise next week will be HYPE
According to this sub you’re retarded to ever think that. Okay yeah it’s about to shit the bed.
Omg. That Citron report looks like a grade 12 report done at 11:59pm. People actually taking this seriously? I’ve seen better insight on WSB comment section. Smh 🤦‍♀️
[deleted]
Hard to keep up when nothing actually in it is doing well. Tape action is incredibly suspect.
Yeah, planned economies only suck for those who have to fund the planning. 

Chinese unique brand of communism-capitalism is fun to watch. We can all get rich by china subsidizing our gains on the backs of their people. 

And here I thought USA had some greedy bastards. Bernie Madoff was in the wrong country.
Fucking me in the asa that's what
What do you think of Palantir?
Let’s hope for a big be back
Pls put your 401k into it now! I need it to close $19 in hour and a half
That would be really sad for Jack Ma, but he's not the CEO anymore, just the largest shareholder. CCP is saying that Alibaba is their company, not his. And when they are done flexing on Ma they will see BABA go much higher.

Understand if it's not your trade though, just wanted to give the Bull case.
When’s the expiration?
thanks chief!
Take your profits on a penny stock that ran 1600% in three months.
Fully expecting ZM to run into close
K hole shaped recovery
Lotta pent up demand for spy to drop
bear ass nibba.   Good luck man! Hopefully it's long term...short term spy puts have been SUPER risk lately...but you know that super risk = super reward if it pays!
[deleted]
I'm glad we are your sources of humor
NIO is giving you fucks a chance to buy in, take it
I think 4 pm is what someone said
Come on GM, break $41 !!
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327315147493412866?s=20

Why after close ?!?
Should I buy back my WMT 150 covered call for earnings next week?
What will it take for VIX to drop below 22?
[deleted]
[deleted]
If you haven't bought MRNA calls yet, what are you doing with your life???
Good luck👍. I spent my last $28 on gambling acct to buy one single call on this 😁🤣🤪
I always wear lipstick so Atleast I look pretty while I’m gettin fucked
FSR about to breakout
I feel the pain bro, not getting your coke on time sucks
I think you want to go BABA puts (trending down) and NIO calls (trending up with consolidation today). But what do I know.
Uh oh tech gonna dump isn’t it
LMFAO I can’t with you, too far gone. Good luck with that brainwashing asshat 🤙
VIX reaching lows since march doesn't seem to make sense to me given the current climate. What am I missing?
In bocca al lupo!
Same
monday 9am eastern time
No problem bro. Try not to listen to people here who see no upside to this hedge. I am not predicting the markets to go to zero again, but I do expect 5%-10% when it happens I want to sell those covered calls have them expire in the money and then use the money I have between the premium and the shares to keep buying the dip. Right now I buy calls 200 days out and I bounce out of them in a week. Why? Well this market can tank any day now. The outflows from the biggest names and institutions pulling out of corporate debt and into other assets are not bullish signs. Also the insider selling we’ve been seeing? Practically no one is buying shares in their own companies. This market can still go up yes and I’ll play it like that, but the bearish thesis outweighs the bullish ones for sure.
Same here man. I thought it was me. Sounds like it was us.
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**Revan_of_Carcosa**, kminder in **3 days** on [**2020-11-16 17:14:01Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 17:14:01Z&reminder_id=67492dfdc2ea488a94adec0f57fe9175&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Nio_setting_up_for_huge_double_bottom**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtjn5t/nio_setting_up_for_huge_double_bottom/gc633fd/?context=3)

> Stupid bears gonna lose money over the weekend

[**1 OTHER CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-16T17%3A14%3A01%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtjn5t%2Fnio_setting_up_for_huge_double_bottom%2Fgc633fd%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 3 reminders.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete reminder and comment, Update message, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-16 17:14:01Z&reminder_id=67492dfdc2ea488a94adec0f57fe9175&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can use the same reminderbot by email by sending email to bot @ bot.reminddit.com.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
!remind me in 3 days
I just need TSLA up $6. C'mon... do it for me baby
..
Market loves covid !
I wouldn't want to be seen driving in one of those.
That's shit is old news from yesterday
that’s what makes this fun
I don’t feel so good Mr. Stark
I think you mean we've been chinastreetbets ... See AMZN and BABA
Looking to be a weak ass dip tho
Im sorry bro
Amzn dropping why?
When
yeah it's kinda of annoying
The Little BABA That Could, trying to chug along past the magnet that is $258
$550
What does that have to do with warp speed? Lol
Bruh add some spaces and use a language with some garbage collection. Segfaults in your trading algos are gay
I feel like spy bout to shit the bed but idk
I'm saying give it 2 years and it'll be up there and that's a pretty long time for nowadays, scaling up a company like that who already manufacturers their own peripherals that just IPOd and is booming, isn't that hard to believe
It's okay I bought puts at 2:30 yesterday when it was 352.50.
[removed]
They turn HOMO
Which stock gets back to 420 first? ZM or TSLA?
This guy knows and fuks
enough for what?
Wish you luck sir
position or ban...
Sry it was me, i bought shares. Recommend everyone else buying puts until I'm done diamond handing and reluctantly move over to boomer stocks.
Sure hope not. I bought more puts
Trumps gonna speak and he’s gonna say “fuck your vaccine and fuck you too for making me lose”
SPY being up isn’t just getting away with murder, it’s like murdering someone then immediately being summoned to the pope. This literally has zero business being up
Monday looking very green
Literally no volume on this POS
Don’t get it twisted he is gaining more ground every day. Far from over imo says he will show irrefutable evidence of targeted fraud next week 

Get the popcorn ready
lol got it
We've been bagholding since 2018 (or 2001). Also, it goes on crazy runs sometimes
Somehow, I keep coming back to needing/wanting to learn about Bayesian methods. Thanks!
Wtf is TSLA doing
Is SHOP one of them?
The second I purchased nio it started selling off, I’m sorry
no
Very odd
I usually decide if I'm interested based off of a combination of charts and feelings and then do some light research to see if I can talk myself out of it
[deleted]
Chinese algos won't let BABA break 258.
When your day peaked at +$2k and now you're +$95. 🤡👜
Operation warp speed pump incoming
Pathetic low volume melt up.

These MM cucks are looking for the smallest hint of good news over the weekend to keep the rotation going next week. 

Shit needs to hit the fucking fan. This is getting ridiculous.
Pltr shares
F
Yes sir
[deleted]
Ah great new finally no more Covid no more problems!
We can just go back to normal
conceal carry licenses are the next Nio
SPY has been one line straight up today
yes but how do you imagine it, a car blocking a gas station spot for 8 hours while the family eats their 20th greasy hotdog for $10?
Why would hotel parking lots etc use this tech instead of "normal" power sources?
If we close at ATH I would say fuck yes
I am in the same boat. There is no way this company does not go up with more cases/lockdowns etc.
Any of you dicks that didn’t sell first thing when you were up 350% on NIO calls today deserve it
BABA calls hedged with NIO puts, literally can’t go Tits up
He gave up AZ
Calls or shares?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327315147493412866
[deleted]
GUH
Good, she’s just got to take her dentures out 🤤
what game is mango playing right now.  are we buying calls or puts
buy Nio again!
It's actually not that crazy, just takes money and free time and living in some city with other people who also have money and free time.

Trust me, there are plenty of like minded people once you get into the right circles.
Absolutely do not do that lmao
I can turn $1000 into -$10000.  Magic.
Moderna news on Monday could be scary for shorts, but looks like the market is pricing a lot of it in rn, and ignoring COVID lockdowns
They are traded and controlled by the same etf. You will notice a large correlation between sectors and the etf that represents them. Welcome to the stock market.
Europe is approximately one to two months ahead of the US in terms of the virus' progression/govnm't policies. US will have a second lockdown. ZM will rise again to +500.
Kodak Electric Boogaloo
Get in before this sub destroys the stock, then sell as the pump action is hitting all time high and the autists are buying OTM calls.
Welcome sir. May you enjoy losing your money with us together.
Load up on your pfizers, mango pumpin at 4pm
The people pumping bought at the top LMAO
Small PP vol today on s&p
All day, just wait.. baba gonna get crazy up in this ho
Cmon zoom. Bounce you little bitch
Smart cars need chips, NVDA makes smart car chips, MU manufactures their chips. Hold MU for 10 years and you’ll be rich
53, then started catching the falling knife
I’m in on PTON, tempted to get out but think it may gap up over the weekend
12/18 Qqq 270 puts let’s ride
I had the same thought
he is pooping and cumming
Followup news story: Shows same guy's red Robinhood screenshot, 73 cents remaining.
JD changed their ER date 5 times this week. THE FUCK!? Now premark Monday, confused\~
^
Fucking bubble
Chinese restaurant syndrome making me wanna stab Ma for his speech
Its on sale
Imagine if Sleepy☕ died of covid right now. The messed up part is that I really don't know if the markets would tank or SPY would hit $450.
[deleted]
Hey fuck you, it could happen. Speaking it into existence.
PLTR
Low effort post, ban
That depends on how rich you are 🤑
how does this impact NIO? ---> https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-addressing-threat-securities-investments-finance-communist-chinese-military-companies/
Jack Ma having the balls to diss the government in their faces means baba will either go down in flames or he'll take the company to heights never seen before, no in between

Personally I'm betting on him given his track record
Idk about that. We could get more vaccine news over the weekend.
NIO haters putting on lipstick in the dark and listening to opera while loading their .308
That me now
Oof man.  I'm hoping nio goes back up too, but jeeze.  I hope you aren't doing options, you're going to get clobbered in the long run.  Gotta research this stuff before going deep.  Stock price is almost meaningless.
Who the hell is even Citrus? Small dick piece of shit.
careful 

US PRES. TRUMP TO DELIVER AN UPDATE ON OPERATION WARP SPEED AT 4 P.M. (2100 GMT) -WHITE HOUSE
at least it's only 18 grand...for some reason i expected it to be like 30k
love that so many were doubting PLTR yest
😂😂😂
mango is going to be doing an update on operation warp speed at 4pm eastern. So, if you think that news will be bad, sure.
Its today
ouch. im sorry bud.
Yes they're gonna manufacture electric boats soon lol
I don't know... seems like a penny stock scenario, doesn't seem like something the SEC would favor either. Do you have any evidence of this happening with multi-billion dollar companies? 

Looking at a recent bankruptcy: SEARS, it's pretty obvious the company wasn't in great financial shape. Starting in 2007 when the stock started to plummet, you can see their revenue consistently dropping year on year until they finally filled chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2018.  Seems to me like the "bag holders" are just dumb money.
[deleted]
50.03 cost basis
Shitloads of kids own this stock with no knowledge of why they own it and they only read Robinhood news and wsb crap
NIO is valued twice as much as Tesla when adjusting for EV sales. Why are you all trying to pump this? Makes no sense
Love you too bb
BLNK is pump and dump garbage. SBE is the charging station play
Trump to give update on operation warp speed at 4pm? Hmmm 🤔 why after hours?
Good for you. You can be a scaredy cat for the rest of your life. You want to do stonks without losing money? You want to think rationally? Good job. I feel sorry for your SO.
I got some.
Holy kek

>The company’s results initially sent shares of Chinese EV rivals higher, until Citron put out a note via a tweet on why NIO (NIO), which has soared 1000% year-to-date, will go down to $25 a share. “NIO has found itself in unchartered territory that can never be justified by its current standing in the China EV market or its near-term prospects,” said the Citron note.

Citron Research went on to say, “It is time for investors to rotate out of NIO, enjoy your profits and look for the next disruptive technology.”


https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chinese-ev-maker-li-auto-shares-soar-on-revenue-beat-while-citron-pulls-the-plug-on-nio-173819203.html
No u
Did you buy at 50 lmao?
I'm never drinking Absolut Citron again
"Be greedy when others are fearful and be retarded when others make sense."

This is the way.
Alright I’m stepping away from my computer. I’ve had enough of this. I need to do something with this day
Sold 4.2k shares of nio at 1% loss. Should be heading right back up. Apparently the dip was not the dip for me
Lmaooo Nio clowns
nov $5 calls -111 contracts, Feb $5 calls - 20 contracts , and march $5 calls - 20 contracts
So like what is the goal with apple rn
Not done going down?
That's literally so dumb idek what he's sayin.
Calls on FSR
F you
Are people like going into the office in NY? Only 15% of Chicago is going in, that was before the stay at home advisory
Can't go tits up with WSB DDs
On its way now
I will enter soon - I’ve decided to postpone my entry date due to timelines that were communicated, but I’ll just spill it to keep my promise. The stock that I was looking at was BABA. They’re pretty much on a freeze and they’re on a downward trend (or might go horizontal for a few days) after the antitrust, ant holdings’ fail ipo and the new monopoly rule briefings. Fear levels are pretty high for this stock as they are expected to receive possible public regulatory demands before the month of November. Personally, I don’t think a lot will come into fruition and even if it does, the price right now is unjustified for a stock that has an average YoY growth of 40% - partially due to covid. Nevertheless, this is a behemoth of a stock and this will shoot back up to at least 310 levels once the hearings are over. Was looking at Feb calls. Right now, those calls are being IV crushed at extremely high levels, so it might be worthwhile to wait. Again, I will write a DD once I enter.
Did you just laugh at your own joke?
Look at his old post. He went from 10k to 600. How did this retard earned 230k to loose it all in weekly FD. This is clearly fake. Mod ban this Ahole.
Sitting on 2500 shares at $11 and 1/23 $20 leaps.  Thats where ive been.  I wanna see this baby really run.
 EOD

 NIO - $47
 LI- $35
 XPEV - $44
I desperately hope one of us has been day-trading NIO all day with large sums of money.
Earnings report didn’t go well. Laid off 69k workers
Do VIX be building a base here? It do.
[Great day](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vNgZJrdTCug)
Like I said, a short dip. All analysts are just hot air at the end of the day. Their words are forgotten. It's just a matter of being quick enough to catch it on the way down and get out before it's too late
hi waiter, hi yes more bigly sauce for these nio calls thanks
B-shape recovery
So I’m guessing NIO calls EOD is the WSB play today?  Look at dat IV
It could also tank like Tesla on battery day.
You die Buying FDs, or live long enough to become theta gang
interesting, might buy some shares of UVXY
Nah uh.

I like the name and I want to feel smart. Please don’t take this from me. I really ducking need it right now
Very rude very blocked
I laugh every time I see sell order when short-term RSI dips below 30
Anyone got any thoughts on blnk?
why are people bullish on mu
I’m no Jim Cramer
Because that strategy is working so well for GME right now.

&#x200B;

Position: A shittonne of underwater GME calls for JAN and APR
[deleted]
Making my day a little better
Absolute mad lad
Over the last two decades, something like 50+ companies ended up with "regulatory interventions" after Citron came out against them with a report calling them out.
-7% 😆
Because they’ve been right more than wrong enough in the past that people listen. It’s called a reputation
Schwab always defaults to first in first out when selling, totally fcked up my cost basis
[removed]
Sold out worldwide... such bullshit
>ppl try to use TA to predict the future. but where TA really shines is at explaining. 

Thanks, that really fits with my impression of TA and what I mostly see of it. It can explain, or at least describe, things that happened. But it gets iffy with predicting the future.

>so rather than one future you think of possible timelines so if one of those timelines happens then you know what's happening and can react instead of spending time figuring it out.

Makes sense I think. You use TA to figure out possible or likely scenarios and then prep a plan for each? Then you try to see which scenario is happening and act out the appropriate plan

>so like yesterday the Fed spoke and it instantly dropped the market through a couple supports. ok so what's the next hard support below that? where are we likely to bounce? if you already know that beforehand then you don't need to figure it out.
>
>let's say we keep bouncing off of resistance. ok so why is that a resistance? how solid is it? secret is that I don't know *the* future that will happen. I know possible *futures* that might.

Yeah that makes sense. I kinda want to say that something like yesterday is big enough to break a lot of forecasting, but then it happens with enough frequency that you kinda need to prepare for it too, right? 

But you need more than just TA to figure out what's likely to hold and what's likely to break
BABA
PC
You know what my lotto ticket is? MTA. I like this shit. Plus, it's not the unspeakable 3 letter symbol that keeps getting talked about here.
Good point
thats a house right there sheeesh
We got a 🤡 over here.
WHAT POSITIONS?
Well I have been corrected, Schwab works differently from Robinhood.
Vaccine pumps > lockdowns
spy puts at close spund like a sound investment??
When did you buy
Anyone else mess with IPOB? Feels like it could break out to 20s again any day calls for next week are pretty cheap
You could be me and watch your +550% day torn into a - 34% day cuz I wanted to sleep more
Why can't you buy nintendo options. Shares are boring
Xi is going to keep cooking the books. Nikola doesn't have the ccp at its back
Pltr
That reminds me, I gotta write my own algo.
Cirtron report on NIO looks like WSB DD.
[deleted]
[deleted]
low volume days are so dumb
[deleted]
Fucking gay bear bot.
VOLUME
uhh..where have you been the last month?
If mu hits 60 its over for you mfers 😳
Jesus christ he is gonna announce PLTR is gonna be keeping an eye on covid world wide so my calls print, thank you donny.
Fauci to deliver true facts after
[deleted]
You probably are up a lot in total tho stock still above 40
Save it for onlyfans and you will be happy
Mango to deliver update on operation Warp Speed at 4pm EST
down 1k this week with 2.5k left what to throw it all at?
Catch PTON on this dip or dive into PLTR
Whole market becoming a  mind Fuckkkkkkking casino!! Craps - roulette - poker ♦️let’s pick a stock any stock and see for fun lol.  I’m calling a Monday morning vaccine 💉 news on CNBC .. and die Jones will boom 💥 7000 pts.   😂😂.  Love and respect ✊ all stay safe
Short shares of GE, got it.
I don't know what we deserve.  The country is so divided that it's hard to see us breaking out of anything other than centrist.
Lol
GOOOOOOOOODNIGHT....
I think Trump is going to concede soon. 

He still has 2 months to do crazy shit though. Things could get interesting.
0dte google puts are cheap af
Holy shit my stocks are boring to watch after selling NIO. Flat line for 2.5 hrs after selling
I’m waiting for them to dip
Tried to match the autism :)
Only if someone from WSB posts the research
PDD 170 strike dec 4th. Sympathy play for JD earning on Monday? 🤔
🤞🏻
Following
i dipped...then dipped again
You could sell calls for even more losses!
I totally forgot he was still the president
FSR late on the run
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think the US government got lucky.  They made a small investment subsidizing Tesla, and it opened the flood gates.  EV has likely passed the bubble stage and the old manufactures are finally getting on board.  And rather than having to subsidize further, the gov gets to rely on competition between the autos.
💯
now imagine scalping the tech and airline stocks like i have this week, up 7% :D
Fucking algos sucking each other off
Price is determined by bid and ask, there will always be willing sellers and buyers
No one gives a fuck about your tiny loss
NIO's valuation is going higher than GM's... This is not reasonable.
Airline puts easiest money ever we’re locking down boys
It's going up with the EV market. This shit should be a penny stock. Unbelievable.
Got out of nio shares at 250% thanks boyz
Agreed! It came out in the middle of a strong trading day. They probably shorted the stock and released this in hopes of recovering some of their losses.
BABA is fueling up for a launch next week
Lmao at people trying to get others to buy Nio 

People are gonna sell off it’s just a matter of when people realize they need to take money off the table
[yee](https://media.giphy.com/media/1bNQxPsCTCafS/giphy.gif)
Fucking called it. Knew we’d dip as soon as weed touch 357
I've got $600 in BP right now, and I want to buy a call but man are those expensive.  Cant decide if it's worth the theta burn or not, but you know we're going to get so many lockdown announcements this weekend.
Yes, this is how fast stupid bubbles deflate.  Same crap this year with ridiculous garbage like Hertz.  Many people will lose half or more of their gamble because they refuse to sell for a loss before it is too late.  This is what happens with insanely speculative crap like Nio, Li, and Xpev.
Yeah. The maps are pretty good, sniping sucks so far but gets better when you unlock high tier attachments.
he's just gonna take credit for the pfizer vaccine, no new updates
People are still drinking even if bars and restaurants are closed
Who cares load TF up on calls
Fuck it grabbing UAVS lol
That will drill it for sure
I think the ticker is: J-P-O-W
Thinking of buying 10k of Ford shares on a dip
Wednesday is too late... buy now or Monday.
Tesla has already hit the top. Change my mind
CCL is the next NIO
I’m going to stop at Best Buy on my way home and demand they sell me a ps5 😤😤😤😤
8 hours of work a day nets me about $80 take-home. Be happy with your gains.
PLTR breakout soon?
What price did you get in 
at the dip?
How
Lol it's still up on the week. Ya'll are hilarious
If suits get this market to 370 during what’s going on rn and what is to come then props to them....I hope my old permabull friends become millionaires 

I lost 100k buying telsa top. I will not buy this top.
Market never seems to make sense anymore
We’re closing SPY at ATH today. Next week the dumpening occurs
Vix didn’t like that move
You have balls man lol I want to hold until next week but I sold half my positions just now. Good luck
My 0DTE SPY puts have finally stopped losing value cuz they’re like na bro we really can’t be worth anything less. 

F
Dear diary,

I think I had sex for the first time today. I bought spy puts and then got ass fucked. 

See you Monday when I do the same.
Because they need someone to purchase their shit weeklies that are out of the money
pls daddy
Not until jack ma apologizes to Winnie the Pooh
Of course not!
You underestimate the retard market. Did you forget mattress company and space tourism?
I’m about ready to sell NIO $70 calls against my $50 calls for May 2021, delete RH, and come back in May. I wish I actually had willpower.
Me too. I keep telling myself one more day lol
no, it is not unlikely that the test has few false positives and many false negatives, then 2 out of 4 means thag he likely has covid
Hi NIO, go to 50. Kthxbi
My way of prepping for TGT earnings is 170 strikes for late december
TRUMP TO DELIVER AN UPDATE ON OPERATION WARP SPEED AT 4 P.M. (2100 GMT) -WHITE HOUSE
This is your fellow investor in NIO
Hedge, as in "you're trying to use SPXS as a hedge for when the market takes a downturn". Or maybe you're right, you're bagholding SPXS and trying to bullshit people here into how great it is and that they should buy it and sell calls against it for pennies on the dollar. Nice.
Retail is pumping
can SPY fucking drop so i can get in
Yes, it’s irrational
Help me spread the word my sweet, sweet retard
[removed]
Warp speed update at 2. Moderna?
Price gets bid up to the point where someone can’t say no
stfu you nio bitches
Nice, now you can buy a Tesla
whatever it was last bought at is the price.

you're an idiot, you ask the right questions about RKT but dont have a brain to look  it up yourself or realize the buyback isnt going to affect price that much

&#x200B;

take a look are b iib retard. they are buying back a WAYYY bigger % of their stock than RKT, that actually changes price. RKT is buying a fraction of their compnay back .
Good Sir, I believe you speak the truth
[deleted]
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327315147493412866?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327315147493412866?s=20)

 TRUMP TO DELIVER AN UPDATE ON OPERATION WARP SPEED AT 4 P.M. (2100 GMT) -WHITE HOUSE
Break that 357 🚀🚀
Euphoric
He said buy puts?

[puts print](https://imgur.com/a/HHmFvuv)
If you’re so good at calling the top, are you rich off of it? If not, which is obviously the case, shut the fuck up
Buy the dip. This happens every Friday to NIO
Clean slating it. Gobble, gobble!
This nibba killing tendies again
Could it be the market is expecting a rehearsal of March? MM waiting to buy the crash
Yeah. I don't like money
Evil Cat: Buy puts on NIO I said!!
This is the one of the most painful things I have done to myself is watching SPY melt up every day
Yesss these are the bag holding posts I’ve been waiting for
🌈 🐻 💦
lol yeah compare spy and NIO volume from this morning, insane
Starting a new company: ‘DoorStash’. 

Gonna repurpose old Ice Cream trucks.
[deleted]
Imagine the 10cent call. It must be up million fold.
Baba bout to moon harder than all fuck
I’m cumming
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$30**|**BUY PUT**|**2021-01-15**|**$2.58**|**$44.81**|**7205**|**1376**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgl67iearow0720r1gd7yuq) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Brawmethius/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Got my ass pounded by ZM today and I’m actually thinking about buying more calls.
Agreed. EVs are exploding way too much imo but I bought in anyways. I'm not looking for super fast massive returns but yolo
Down 4K on NIO. Straight shares
love that
Bought NIO 11/20 47.5p when it was at 53. Sold at 50. Missed out on some gains. Feels bad man.
Shut up, virgin.
Anyone buying BABA dip now?
Cruises and boring 🤡
How is life being a Metro
US hasn't even experienced a second wave of lockdowns. Public and Private Schools are universally using ZM. They just made a deal with DOCU. Huge upside. Be patient.
If you don’t buy this n** dip you ain’t black
what's tsla market cap vs honda?
We’re about to blow past 357 aren’t we
I wish I was given a redo button
It's not a car. Its an enclosed ev motorcycle. I actually dont find it ugly. The interior is really nice as well.
We are now chinastreet bets
[removed]
he doesn't fucking know because the tests are not accurate enough. you are the autistic one here.
Yeah, it’s bogus that it’s a shit test. You guys are taking this way too seriously. Stay away from the DNC cool-aid
PUTS on cruise lines and PLAY
Get in on NIO. Today's chart looks exactly like last Fridays chart... And the Friday before that.
If, for the sake of argument, we decide to buy up one company's stock until we hold 100% of the shares, and none of us sells. 

What happens to the price of the stock?
just took a selife

&#x200B;

 

# 🤡
Thank you.
Assuming it cost $35 to buy this option:
If it hits $30 by exp date, there will be no gain. If it hits $29 by exp date, you'll gain about $65 ($100 - $35) via exercising the option. It is hits $28 by exp date, you'll gain about $165 ($200 - $35) via exercising again.
If you reach $30 before exp date, just sell the option.

TLDR: pray it goes down towards $30 in large gaps before 11/19.
Come on jnug. Wake up!
Why
Hope so. Should be much higher but needs more hype
Buying some LI puts. See how it goes.
Yes dad just did
which mysterious stocks pulling spy up?
That means it has support at $44.50 or so, which would be the bottom
Never said it’s unprofitable but the stock will never take off when the black market can undercut it always. If you take that offensively and want to argue fine but it doesn’t change that fact. That exact reason is why every pot stock tanked after their ipo and has yet to reach that level again.
[deleted]
Recovered?
So glad I sold my nio
Some people don't even make that in a day working their ass off
There’s selling half of a car 😂
Position?
G     U     H
It's my homeland motherfucker
Fukin holy hell. This market is a desperate mess. Absolute uncorrelated  mayhem. What a shit show!🤣🎪 
GL, All! Stay vigilant. JFC
NIO IS ASSHOE
BABA?
Hello I’m retard nice to meet you. I sold half lol
SPY is known to be the most liquid, highest volume options play. Today has seen about 25 million shares traded. NIO is approaching 400 million.
You’re*** fucking retard!!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
See if it holds above $44.50 again
I feel like NIO may touch 40 today. What a wild ride!
Lol. That looks like my grade 12 report. People actually thinking this seriously? Smh 🤦‍♀️

5 pages? They took like 20 min to write that?
exactly it’s so annoying i hate it
Gin>2001>YEM is gnarly
me 3
Baba has been suffering for like this whole month
When youre away from home/traveling youll need to charge up.
Can’t wait for another insane vaccine pump Monday
[deleted]
NIO is gonna pull a PLTR on its earnings , buy on wednesday
Your English is as bad as his post.
Except those miracle waves were made with substandard chinese parts and all dem NIO call holders gets DP on both sides.
Yupp
what happened to spy
No, whatever someone tells you to do, do the exact opposite
lol
446 shares of APPL dawg
lmao
PLTR gonna rocket to 18+ EOD
I got more nio calls on top and then a put on the bottom AMA
Should see it close atleast 9.30$ today end
I just bought 50 more shares on NIO. I either get to eat slim Joes for dinner .. or I eat at Olive Garden on Monday. Fuck me im addicted
Why $44?
Just sold my calls for a 5% loss (thank you IV gods). What was I thinking
[deleted]
PUT IT IN H
Ah yes go fuck yourself spy
Same.. I’m trying not to beat myself up for it
AYRO goin to the stars
Rotation to stocks most hammered by COVID19 - very logical. LOL!
Thanks, Wikipedia. YOU RUINED IT!
Your calls are fucked just get out while you still can bud
It was $44.50 twice, either way I think it's definitely above $50 at some point before earnings and it could easily moon to $55-60 if they beat their earnings like the other EVs did. Citron has tried shorting other companies in the past. I'm not buying their valuation right before NIO's ER lol
not u
I pray to JPOW you add to the tendie bucket
Let me guess- Nio?
Who says I didn’t play options
Chris Farleys cousin being made Ford’s CEO is going to be the best move a company has made since Jobs was brought back to Apple.

Ford $11+ by Christmas
Didn’t you hear some ubs analyst with no medical background said there will be 0 cases in q2.
RIP $NIO.
Everyone wants to hear EV puts
You retards need to stop posting about nio
PDT gang gang
Buy nio they said
i sold my nio puts for a loss at market open, AMA
48c EOD?
How is Honda growing their business?
Bro you tweaking, your not even making sense
yes they're going to declare bankruptcy after this
NIO w/ record high volume w/ 3 hours left in the trading day. Strong feeling NIO will rocket back up, squeeze the shorts and get another fomo rally
I'm up $1800 today and I had to google what you meant by 'charts'
I don’t even invest, I just like watching these tards lose their life savings
400,000 Total deaths by March, BULLISH.
Then you definitely know the way 👍🏻
Shares are still the way imo. Long term, gunna pick up more if it drops in the 30's. Stop losses set for 44.50 rn
Or expires, next friday
Vox is getting ready for the weekend
To the moon
Get drunk - maybe laid
That's how you keep feeding the confirmation bias.
If you listen to the bears it is who are bearish because they finally bought calls. 

Or you use your head and see what caused the fall and use it to your advantage to buy shit on sale INSTEAD of when it’s pumping like crazy.
can't spell bullshit without bullish
Same! Hoping for the best next week
445
It looks like resistance is stuck at 45
[deleted]
Couch!!! lol.
MU
You ever wonder why sectors move together too?
Your probs Right. My thinking is that 4/5 news story's I see daily regarding airlines are positive. On top of that united was the healthiest airline pre covid
If you pull it out it adjusts the graph. Deposits/withdrawals don’t show as gain/loss
I got so fucking lucky today 🙏
Nice. I'll be picking up some of those as well
How would that make sense.
He’s not simply calling a test shit, one that is widely known to have a margin of error. His wording is “something extremely bogus is going on”. Thats the problem here
If you bought it on Monday morning after a 4% up day for spy then you’re a real retard
Just got back from the future. Nio crushed earnings. The reward is it went back to 30$
Solo is so gross but these 
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/
I hear ya and appreciate the response. Good luck out there
Join the club
Everything I’m watching is tanking but SPY doing nothing
How’s that going for you
Unbelievable
One of the most sensible things anyone’s posted today
Ain’t nobody want that cold cavernous cave!
That's what I like to hear.
I can only get so erect
XBC
Yes
Buy ZM lunchtime dip, then sell on Monday AM. Thank me later.
Sold my NIO puts early this morning at a loss, missed an easy 4K profits if I woulda held 3 more hours... 

Bitch ass paper hands over here smh
I took some profits and I’m still holding long
I typically buy-sell - research
[deleted]
Jan 2021 20$ seems good
What are your weekend plays?
Booked a put for 10K YOLO
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This “report” reads like a seeking alpha article tbh.
ITM ZM calls free money
[deleted]
Have you seen those garbage ass cars ?
I had a dream about OKTA last week, thats why I bought calls. Biggest loser to date
You spelled NIO wrong
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ lol
[deleted]
Now from the top
On what....
Are they prostitutes? If not, you have a very skewed perception of women...even promiscuous ones.
I is!
[removed]
Tailing
Mods can you verify the post? Unless you post video, we ain’t buying this shit. Looks fake.
Its just because you dont like money. Okay
Nio is not done.
This is not even hipster speak this shit is just straight up ugly af
Market yesterday Covid bad cases 📈

Today cases actually don’t matter 😀
Booked for 15K
[deleted]
Xbox?
1/21/22 25c
Xbox?
Down 2k in a day because zoom crashes when it hears major cities like NYC are shutting down ¿?
Up 100% this month 8% this week. I'll see you next Friday when it's up 8% on the week.
complaining about 150 bucks, what a fucking loser.
One of us
Do I sound like a chump? I ain't selling.
I’ve done that too for -50%
[deleted]
Now you're trying too hard
Thank you for this - maybe now it will inverse you
SPY volume is 25m compared to 75m daily avg. About 2:40 mins to go (40%). At-least another 25m volume action left. I think it will drop back to 354 and end the day with mid 355.5
Fuck this one actually hurt.
Does anyone else buy into a stock then do research on the company?
Wooooot
Jesus, I almost bought some, had it not been for this notification.
Wait after earnings dip
u may be making money, or losing money today, but always remember....biggie smalls, is indeed, the illest
What solo positions are y’all in I’m thinking December 7.5s
Need volume for that.  Doesn’t look like anyone is around.  Maybe we could start hitting stop losses that spur more stop losses.
Too focused on nio when there’s xpeng and li. Oh well come down baby, so i can risk calls on earnings 😂
We don’t give a fuck in private apparently - everyone seems to be masking up and playing by the rules in public.  Yet cases and deaths going up - wtf
The flag is the perfect representation of your future trading positions... Buy, hold, sell
LETS GO 
FINALLY GOT TASTYWORKS.
I’m from the UK so it’s a BITCH to do options 
Anyone got a really cheap play I can try before I go in serious ?
You’re wasting tears when you profited? Stop being a retard and save them
Bro, I was going to fomo into some shares but then I googled the company...OMG, now I cant stop laughing.
Read the report for yourself:

https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf
Y'all not ready for SPY 320 👀
I’ve spent all day staring at charts only to make 150 bucks. I’m a fucking loser
So... NIO is done? Just like that?
91 contracts of APHA 10c 1/15/21
You son of a bitch, im in
god bless america
First red candle in an hour lmfaoo
+1.5%
ZM & TSLA at $404.... who makes it back to $420 first?
Do I get ccl puts here
BABA for sure gona moon
[deleted]
Say that again to yourself really slowly and think hard about the answer.
All in on 0DTE 11/11 SPY 200p or something?
the only meme i see is you
TSLA calls and BABA calls. come on this is a braindead money making play
monday lol
BABA chart has formed the inverse cock and balls formation today.
I like people who don’t fail
Been riding those GE calls since sept
Of Nio bounces off $44 again it’s time to YOLO
On the downside, working with a mask on is fucking annoying. Working with co-workers who are paranoid, even worse.
🙏
February 15c are decently priced. I have a handful.
Lol I did though!
yes
Sqqq puts
This is an interesting idea...might hop on this suit with ya
MRNA also has an mRNA (heheheh omg I'm just getting the pun!) vaccine that's probably gonna be announcing results in a couple months. Buy long calls.
Spy will close +1.5%
Willing to bet that we’re flat or red EOD. fake pump.
Market so stable and flat. I think it’s game over for this sub
You misspelled tricycle
i’d cum
Thanks boss I appreciate the tips
Hail
[deleted]
This is real wall street for amateurs. What you gain, you lose it all!!!
“Why would you baghold down side protection” Idk maybe because I don’t want to  lose all my fucking money on calls...
[deleted]
I came
guess who bought more nio puts at the top
Lol you NIO bulls, good luck
Sold my nio at $53 looking to buy back in soon
nio puts on top ama
The $50 put expiring today was $0.50 when I looked at it.

Peaked at $6.

Oof...
Errr, they are on NASDAQ not NYSE...
God watching people think buying NIO/NIO calls is good just cracks me up. I’ll post the put gain porn after earnings Tuesday.
BAN
Spy will bleed in a few minutes just wait on it
“Profit taking before EOY” is completely made up. Research shows the opposite: we normally get an end of year rally as funds try to meet their year quota.
Puts :-(
There isn’t even a real car lol
PDD overbought
I like my pump and dumps murican made.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/greenthree90 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good. Mine is all government loans thankfully? Hahaha. There’s a certain level of debt after which you stop counting
FURK A RUU DULFIIIIIIRRRNNNN
Tomorrow??
2020 calls on MAGA
Feel it MOR
Thinking of loading up on eoy spy $400
So does Elon have the virus or not? Can this man not be autistic for one fucking second?
good thing Robinhood restricted your account
Honda needs to step up their ev game
We were talking cars till your dumbass stepped into the conversation. Now you’re down playing you were offended and I’m the one with the problem?Fuck off man just trying to educated your autistic ass
someone mad
What if NIO pulls a Luckin?
The market yesterday: Covid's back

The market today: CARNIVAL CRUISE! 

They make fun of RobinHooders all the time, but the real retards at the hedge funds throwing insane amounts of cash the opposite direction of current sentiment on a daily basis.
Same. Thought I was a genius in August. Nope, just lucky
Lmfao just spat out my coffee. RIP
Small beat small jump up
LMFAO can’t even spell ticket correctly. And ur absolutely fucking incorrect
Same
[https://i.ibb.co/4291RvN/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/4291RvN/image.png)

* Total CCL share prints today now the highest $ day ever, even compared to 4/2.
   * 25,387,557 shares for $391,723,504
   * 2nd highest day in share volume
* 4/2 was the previous record (and record for most shares):
   * 47,690,719 shares for $391,032,811
Hahah gay. Be more like Florida where we don't give a fuck
You can’t tell if this is a reversal to the reversal or the reversal to the reversal of the reversal. QQQ up, stay at homes down, Russell up, oil down, gold/silver up, SPY up.
Lol
NIO = OVERBOUGHT
Honda fucked. Need EV CAR NOW
Quite curious myself. Game designer here and it's only habit to understand the mechanics.
Stimulus and vaccine news!
These words are more powerful than nuclear bomb currently. 🤡🤡🤡
You don’t know what she’s doing In bed
o man the last 2 hours equities have been trading sideways. EOD is going to bang alot of people one way or another.
Unless you had a 230K yolo that expired worthless, this drop can only be due to you pulling cash out.
No actually mongoloid it’s called a bag hold. Come on at least get the terminology right.
Anyone here got a good weekend hold that they feel confident in? I can’t decide what to buy and wouldn’t mind finding a nice swing trade for the weekend
Jpow just vacuuming up the bid, doesn’t need anything else.
Why because it’s true?
Lmfao please do. Not like my puts up 140% today. 

It’ll be 42 EOD. 35 after earnings. Set a reminder.
might be just ppl exiting out of NIO. i sense a red day monday
Wait. Girls get ED?
FUCK vail resorts
Just bearcurious
Spy opening at $345 Monday!
Ok now show me on the doll where Citron touched your tendies
Hoping everyone knew not to fomo on NIO!

And to take profits when they got them not say some dumbass NIO $100 bullshit!

But I know you didn’t
Gotta start somewhere.
Buy puts or calls for monday.  Logic says puts but then again ain't no logic here
Its less actually.
That’s when covid was an unknown, which it is no longer
Unity unstoppable !!
OdD LoTs too
lol
Join my subreddit 
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/
Just so everyone understands, SOLO is technically a motorcycle. It's an enclosed EV motorcycle.
Baba stock the only thing pullin my profile down😭
no
lol i don't, i was meme'n ya buddy
yes, if u have a lot of money
Good strike and expiration for PLTR calls? Thinking monthlies or leaps
It was dipping even before the article dropped
I want you to be right.  But not holding my breath. (Except when I’m near fossil fuel combustion exhaust.)
Bankrupcy.
NYC just told all parents that starting Monday, it’s back to 100% remote learning. (This after 10 pm curfew for restaurants and bars) Prelude to 2nd lockdown, here it comes
Its gonna dip more before it rockets.
I think I need to buy NIO calls
This 🌈 🐻 dumped all his gains from the past week into puts expiring between Monday and December over the course of this morning
I feel you. You’re not alone lol.
Their cargo vans. Imagine them replacing amazon vans, small food trucks, and tow vehicles for motorcycles or other small EVs
$MDRNA will never be below $89 again.
Spy is about to drill.
I know, but he took the tests
Imagine listening to this sub. My puts are up 22k (140%) today
NIO has a larger market cap than Honda. Yeah keep buying. This is fine.
[deleted]
Its an interesting idea but how useful are chargepoints actually? Loading a battery takes beteween 2h-8h afaik, what the fuck are people gonna do, park on the gas station?

Most people will just charge these at home or from another regular electricity source, whats the point of this company?
Don't worry Mr. gay bear! Wendy's may have a job for you!
💎🤲
all stocks are nothing more than that
SNE 100C 12/18
It did and then stopped
yepp 45 support for NIO
I already made my money off the dip this week. 50 11/27 $95c bought at 55 cents earlier this week and sold this AM at $2.93/sh.
So why didn’t you then idiot?
Did I say that at all?
> SOLO car

Oh god, why did I fomo into this sshit
Position?

Other than face down ass up
wow, a $200 call. thats big dick energy.
[removed]
Damn playa, I just picked up a 25c 12/18
can't wait to see the ink scratch from your moms boyfriend tomorrow
Sounds like GM bolts have been shorting themselves.
Exactly
Going to 42 today. 35 after earnings release.
i’m immensely stiff in my midsection
How confident are you? Like 70
For your sake I hope this is fake, but based on the notice at the bottom I don't think that's the case. . .
Is it possible Citron downgraded and purposely crashed NIO to get in cheaper for earnings?

I’m asking this as someone who is cash gang considering yolo’ing before close, no positions atm.
Low volume pumps as of lately. Was hoping for a change since we are at ATH.
Not manipulated. 🎪🙄
no u
Alright Yolo’d my MRNA shares into calls...let’s see retarded this can get.
CCP can kill Jack Ma like they did plenty of other billionaires if they want to just get rid of him. He will accidentally fall down a stairwell.  There are better plays. Why bet and try to time when there are so many better plays? It likely won't recover until next year.
its already at 44 twice, should i buy at 44?
Oof
[deleted]
[deleted]
Rising Corona cases and deaths? bullish AF
no fucking way haha
amateur.  I did both.
Bought SOLO calls before I looked up the car
daaamn yo, someone has a lot of stock
3 wheel bike with an enclosure
Unless you have puts you’re a pussy and stop commenting about it
alright guys, after seeing all these chinese stonks run, i think it might be time to scoop baba, i think jack ma dances around this somehow... he cant just let shit stay here...i feel like they are going to rip 14% back to 290 range over the weekend, might need that revenge :)
Die spy die
15k stocks, 5k options
Thoughts on NVDA earnings?
Why am I waiting in line to get in to a grocery store.  Calls on covid plays.
Yes
I just figured it would tag along for the EV ride, I owned it a while back and there was no movement so I sold it. But they are ramping marketing and planning to Expand in the US so I think that's helping it rise currently...Wish I had actual DD but my portfolio was negative when I did that, ni I'm just winging it lol
Why the fuck is this still going up?
except for the fact that they have a ridiculous valuation and their product is a fad that nobody is going to give a fuck about in a year
TGT 165 11/27
[deleted]
Take me as well
Ikr like what are those
Now its nio bad at wsb so we inverse, right?
Yeah it would be massively illegal if they were. Lockdowns are coming, they’ve already announced them in several states. It’s mind boggling to me why we’re up. 

Maybe we should just be permabulls.
I threw my account into nio 50c 1/21 a few weeks ago, then a little into 60c 1/21 today cause fuck citron. I don't want to look today so I'm going to judge how I'm doing based on WSB
...Ce la vie, que sera sera, et cetera, ad nauseam...🤷‍♂️
There's always a Chinese bull market somewhere and wsb promises to help you find it!
What’s the deal with MOON
Dump to 350ish into 3:50-4:00 pump that extends into early after-hours to return to around 354.36
Now this is what we come here for
[deleted]
have lost 6% of my portfolio today but it feels like 60% wtf
calls or puts?
Buying pressure.

It's also flat as fuck
No ones going to drive that garbage
Time to dump all Chinese stocks
Fake market
It’s really a dump and pump, have faith.
who's your broker? you can probably reset.
Whatever you are comfortable selling at. I picked Jan 15 1.5.
It can’t drop hard before earnings
Fucking aliens can come to earth and butt fuck the president on live Tv and spy would gap up another 3%
Yolo’d into 11/20 PLTR and SOLO calls. They will dip a bit today, green on Monday, green on Tuesday morning (selling here) and red by EOD Tuesday 

fundamentals
Either before or after but it's not going lower than $45
340p Monday
Dkng will rip from here
Google and Value stocks.
CBAT ????
I mean when you post record profits aka have a lot of cash on your hands, and your stock doesn't move...
Let's just start our own website. I guess that's all it takes to move the market. It's all good though bro. Hold until earnings and we'll be alright. NIO dropped 33% a while back and it came back no problem. The earnings will pull us back. If Li Auto and XPENG did good. Expect NIO to do good as well.
-98 percent on last 5 years...hmm...
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Covid covid covid, cruise lines? 🌝
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/sars_covid19 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I can’t believe SOLO is a real car
alright I just got $91 dividend payment... what should i YOLO it on?
arrivederci
Che down
[deleted]
Haven’t yet entered?
You need to buy a penny stock with that last .93 cents.
What’s everyones plays over the weekend?
Haven't been back in NIO for a bit and any my DDs over week should be considered outdated and irrelevant
Kodak peaked higher than Nio this year
I bought about 10K worth this morning
BABA being this flat is highly fuckin manipulated which means it’s supposed to soar but someone is pinning it down.
3 of 4 letters in HMNY
When is the sell off? There’s a sell off today right!?!?
Wish I would’ve followed my own advice. However, that stock is too risky. Better to just watch. Almost bought $100 worth of options but I’m a total pussy. I’m trading 450k and a $100 of NIO puts scare me. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I still remember that day so vividly. What a wild time
Once they have a platform and a proven technology, they are first to the table with a low orbit rapid flight to get you anywhere in the world in a few hours. Changes high end travel.
TRST?
No you need to close and get into puts ASAP. NIO will be 35 after earnings
Hope y’all are getting out of NIO.  40 EOD.  Will probably consolidate another day and pump the rest of next week.
“But ma fundamentals!”

*Shut the fuck up Lemon*
JPMorgan is an actual financial institution, this is just some fuckstick with a laptop
What, her boyfriend isn't around today?
Get on now
I think those SPY puts might be the move soon.
It's gonna dump hard as hell this afternoon
Trump said that he will be following constitution this is pumping markets lol
3more hours soldiers
plane go space? plane ticket expensive, 1% like expensive thing spend many dollar on, space plane company test fly soon
Nope not really. XPEV was phenomenal but Li kinda lackluster.
TSLA gonna be a good buy if it dips below 400 again
Lmao
https://twitter.com/ElectrekCo/status/1327310538112704513
Another WSB gang wiped out as newborn little retard sprouts rise from the hallowed ground.. life finds a way to remain autistic
If you have under 10k, WHAT THE FUCK are you doing investing in SPY? Unless you've got a microdick or more than $250,000, invest in the top holdings at the very least. Fuck etfs.
Bro how can you possibly think the rally is just stating after a 3000% run? Because you bought in last week lol. Such dumb retard logic but I expect no less here so good job representing. 

NIO isnt Tesla retard they aren’t the same company they aren’t going to move the same.

Average 52 week mark is 155? What
Bought in at $7 gonna let it ride for like 10 years
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ you would like this sub lol
How’s she when she gives head?
Sounds like you’ve been shorting GM
John Galt () is a character in Ayn Rand's novel Atlas Shrugged (1957). Although he is not identified by name until the last third of the novel, he is the object of its often-repeated question "Who is John Galt?" and of the quest to discover the answer.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Galt 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
the mask also does a great job hiding that herpes sore on your lip too
will it even go back up for ER?
SNE really teasing me at 89.99 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
AXP puts? Is this dumb as fuck?
How read read these is stock name, price, put or call (p or c), then date when it expires at.
yeah it’s made gains at a faster speed than it should, but It dropped because of fucking citron so they can lick my nuts
Y'all always asking for 10 baggers and 0dte SPY 359s staring you in the face
You don’t buy it back all at once homie
He is the one!!
Everything I buy turns to shit
negotiations are ongoing pelosi said today talks are looking "hopeful"
Yeah you probably sold Tesla early too
It's not going any lower than $45
Buy Wall on NIO intense lol
[deleted]
You would be safer on an electric skateboard than a SOLO. At least potential vehicular manslaughterers could see you
I have a dump truck of 360c just in case it jumps 1%+ on Monday. Complete crap shoot but risk/reward is nice
Who is John Galt?
It's an abomination.
Cause Pfizer is a boomer stock that moves slow as fuck. At least they have a nice duvendend for shares but I wouldn't really bother with options.
Dump
This is as manipulated as it gets
So do I diamond hand my nio 49c for next week and hit my day trading limit and get locked out of my account for 90 days OR do I tank it and hold over the weekend?
I see the reasoning.
Good enough for me!
Time to add 👍
It’s the run up to the rug pull lmao
Don't use robinhood
NGL - that NIO swing and AAPL having erectile dysfunction caused a $6K swing in my portfolio this morning.  I was up $5K and now down $1K
[deleted]
That stock's average movement is about .005%/year.  IV is negative on those options.  If you could take a glacier public, it would move faster than PFE.  1 month treasury bonds are aggressive investments in comparison.
Sideways.
Let’s name the “destroyed” companies: TSLA, SQ, PTON, SHOP.
Idk. What that means. I know very very little. But I do know NIO will be 35 Tuesday end of day
It's been squeezing ever since it got to the 257 area support. It's setting up for decent move. Didn't say it will go up, said hopefully it will go up. If the move is down, we're going to head toward 250-252. Hoping it goes to at least 261 though.
Don't tease me
what makes you say that?
Which weed company was it that had a stupid capability to crank out thousands of pounds and then tanked because it wasn't legalised federally and they were bleeding cash?
SPY is gonna trade between 352-357 forever
What, do you have anything to say about my ctricism to $LI cars, or u gonna ramble on about random shit? You okay lol ?
I’m afraid everyone is going to pump it up like retards
Lmao! I did too. Atrocious. Money is money tho amirite?
Updates about cyber truck less than a month away per Elon’s tweet. Buy some long dated calls
Goodnight, Niobulls. You got played by Xi Jingping.
The rapid tests are known to give false negatives. They're not known to give false positives. PUTS
God I love seeing the bitch boy NIO bandwaggoners cry in here
Hesitated to buy NIO calls. Good thing I didn’t. Die trash.
BTW it's called a hedge, at least try to get the basic terminology right.
NIOphytes probably thanking the MMs for their bags rn
and then when trump still doesnt concede, \*crash\*
my cheeks hurt after not selling at .5
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.thestreet.com/.amp/investing/palantir-analysts-largely-positive-on-first-earnings-report-as-public-company

PLTR

Jeffries : up to 18$ from 13
RBC Capital Markets: up to 15$ from 11
Morgan Stanley: up to 15$ from 13
Bought $11 calls for Jan back in October bc GE is a FUCKIN giant, too big to fail
The volume on NIO is insane. Almost $400M. It's not over yet, boys.
Nio is trading down projecting to have three times the average volume r.i.p
You uppity uppity UPPIty NIO sons of bitches psyched me out of buying a put this morning when I wanted to do it just to spite you fuckers goddammit god damn all you NIO turds fuck
You go to GE exchange , Click buy, and then hammer it with everything u have
Buying the dip? Cashed out my 12/18 35c yesterday at the top, scoping the 1/15 50c right now
God I love seeing the bitch boy NIO bandwaggoners cry in here
hmmm... the 618 PE ratio makes this very tempting
[removed]
Oh no
I got in at the dip. Feels good
You got herps instead
Did ANYONE jump into CZR? Gutted I cannot trade it as not on platform (Trading 212)
following that logic, how is JP Morgan upgrading their NIO target to 40 when the stock was trading at 20 not stock manipulation? Its the way the game works buddy
Yay the mango is doing what he was supposed to do, lets pump to all time highs!! Fucking bullshit
You know what’s funny? If we saw this dip yesterday it would actually be normal and not really that bad. That’s how much NIO went up overnight lmao
my only regret is that i have boneitis
Exactly 5 years ago today, I took the GREs then came out of that several hours long wormhole to find out about the Paris attacks. They're still dealing with that shit and I'm still not in grad school. Some things never change.

SPY 202.54 EOD
At least I didn't FOMO 50c's like most people here and be at -90%.
It dropped 15% from this mornings high,just goes to show how stupid the stock is
Out of all the chinese stocks I could have played JD, PDD, NIO or XPEV but in the end I only have long positions in BABA LMAO
Hope u got spreads so IV crush doesn’t spread you.
I don’t know that one specifically, but the cdc has statistics for Infection Mortality Rates that are really low https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/planning-scenarios.html
#EOD Pump, Dump or Yes?
[deleted]
What does it means? Should I hold through ER or sell? Up +30% on 18 dec 100 calls
Steady growth, will increase long term, will give short term gains this week
Careful, lot of pennystonk bagholders going to be wanting to exit; esp. if it's just moving in sympathy with the other EVs and not on other news; I haven't looked into it.
[removed]
stock market hasn't cared about covid for a while dude
I'd dump. It's bounced back from 45 a few times today I think that might be the bottom. No actual catalyst to fuel this drop besides one "analyst".
Yeah, penny stocks. I bought HOME at a 1.93 a share (200 shares) and sold it in Oct for $24 a share. My brother-in-law did more impressive trades with penny stocks.
Just fucking sell it trust me
it quiet in here, too quiet
im a fucking genie
It appears that Utico injected 400 millions into this company https://links.sgx.com/FileOpen/SGX%20Announcement%20Utico%20Restructuring%20Agreement_final.ashx?App=Announcement&FileID=587349
Omg wtf are those!?
and someone snapped them up real quick, two big blocks 45min ago
right up against resistance on SPY now
This whole market has been manipulated
Big sur?
spy bears its almost time 😈
Telling you fuck to SELL NIO
"car"
red solo cup, youre my only friend....
I agree fren
FEAR or FOMO for NIO EOD?
Inverse of WSB is probably the best trading strategy out there.
NIO vaccine trials failed, time to move on to the next one
ZM calls and BYND puts

Market investing me rn ugh
dont listen to that voice. thats the voice that takes money from the idiots and dumb people in the market. the smart people like me and you ignore that voice and take small gains day by day, sale by sale. even .01% is a gain and good. anything over 5% is honestly too big and you should be selling and cashing out way before that. also never hold overnight, ever. always be cash when the market closes, always.
[deleted]
You'll make it back bro. The secret ingredient is tech
Now travel is gonna get over pumped could be prime to short soon? VAC, BYD, LVS, MAR, HLT?
They're already buying back shares? Desperate.
Everything is setting up for a MRNA announcement - travel is up, covid stocks are tanking.. I wonder when it'll be announced
Literally caused a panic sell by putting the headline on millions of robinhood users apps lmao but they are the ones who are gonna make money and never go to jail
NIO has retard monkey strength.  An assessment from a company that shares a name with a shitty French car is not going to hurt NIO.
There’s easier and safer money to be made elsewhere my friend, don’t let the fantasy get to ya
lmao it go up
[https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/11/10/why-fulgent-genetics-is-soaring-10-today/](https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/11/10/why-fulgent-genetics-is-soaring-10-today/)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah I wish I waited just a tad longer but waddya gonna do. Rona exponential growth; holiday season sales, gym closures incoming. Snack away my friend.
I'm getting September 4th AAPL flashbacks watching people being confident this was a NIO consolidation and not the start of an avalanche
SPY: up
My portfolio: down
puts on apple, new update wipe my laptop
Let's retest 363 plz
Google puts
Nio will blast off up to earnings and everyone will have missed this dip
😂👍 so when people started buying the dip on tsla and then they continued to have great news and crush earnings. They didn’t buy back in and continue to add on dips that are waaay higher than where they originally took profit? Holy Jesus. The fact that you think it’s over for NIO when the rally is just starting is cute. The average 52 week mark is 155 a share. Yes 54 was high. It will dip. Many times. And peak. Many times. But it will continue to go up over the long term like all good stonks do 👌
🥭 drops lawsuit on AZ. He might hold the line till election results are certified. I know its mid December. Market will go crazy up on that day for no particular reason IMO
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/xmrptbx the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
‘Notorious short seller’ pumps a stock and then after its well and taken off completely 180s their opinion and dumps it. Why do people even pay attention to that shit lmao
They love those feelings. 🔪
Yes exactly what you said. I try to keep 5-10% like that in an environment like this. We know it’s not the economy driving it higher and we know stimulus is dead. I’m not one of those bears calling for the market to hit 0, but what I will do if we get a 5-10% correction I’ll let my shares get bid higher sell ITM calls that are already higher than what I’ve paid. If these calls expiry ITM then I take that money and I’ll buy the dip which I would of already been doing. If they don’t then I hold onto my hedge and just keep going long. Like I said in this environment you don’t want to be naked. I see tons of people buying calls on volatility though problem with that is the market has been slow bleeding.
https://www.fool.com/amp/investing/2020/11/13/why-shares-of-li-auto-nio-and-xpeng-are-surging-ag/

Well this aged poorly.. I think it still means the rally is coming
Oh I have a Bolt. What’s the recall???
This volume whack
Until Rome falls, yes
fkin take the profits

i learned my lesson the last time mrna pumped on the covid trial

&#x200B;

thing tanked like a brick afterwards with fking lawsuits thrown at them...
I saw it at 53$ this morning and thought to myself...”I should sell the top, then buy the dip. Lock in some cash.”

I did not do this thing.

But I thought about it.

-*Retard*
It’s now up 150,000 % lmao
Been saying
Big sell off when we hit 357
Same
Tears of NIO bulls
NIO would have been around 57 if it weren't for Fucker Andrew
Not a bad idea if you have the capital and can hold. Crayons say it may tag $240 if it can't hold this level though. I'm pretty long so I think/hope it holds.
If you are healthy and in your 20-30s, you are more likely to die from a car accident on a normal day.
Yeah I’m not sure if that rumor is true, seems far fetched but something has to be propping it up. Biden would try to lockdown the country I’m guessing so I agree with you.
150,000 daily cases BULLISH
Give her the D
[removed]
[deleted]
This is the way.
[deleted]
I literally did that.
[https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/11/10/why-fulgent-genetics-is-soaring-10-today/](https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/11/10/why-fulgent-genetics-is-soaring-10-today/)
Yeah my accounts are all extra money thankfully
[deleted]
Uhh
All they need is a social media catalyst, comparing your driving to your friends, like PTON, boom
Here’s a risky move but it works 100% of the time...

&nbsp;


&nbsp;


&nbsp;


Step 1. Don’t be bankrupt
I played with fire TWICE to make a little bit of money. Betting in such volatile market is not worth the fun.
Stop talking about NIO fuck
PLTR 22c 2/21 25c 5/21
Boower.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Boomer power' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
I'm afraid to ask about her blowjob skills
You are implying that we are all mistakes, I am implying that you are not a mistake, but, unfortunately the sorry excuse of a load your father produced, became even More sorry when half of it dribbled past your mothers snook lips, down her leg, and onto the floor. Apparently that half was carrying the functioning brain cells
Its not a car, thats a couch with 3 wheels
Where do you find which ones a have options expiring today? Also interested but couldn’t find any
So fake
So glad I didn't fomo into nio this morning
About to sell my hole to make up these losses
Great timing
[deleted]
Always
Wait until you see HCAC
You're already leveraged. You literally have no understanding of how that fund works. Sorry that the direxion pdf is too complicated for you.
Boomer power
GM doing EV Bolt recall....puts!
102c? More like 95c
Update: I'm currently at 20.3k total and bought more shares/short term calls. Basically I'm a retard and belong on this sub
U go ahead JPow. Make it up as u go along. U fukin clown. 🎪
Me today I lost 23% so far
HFTs. 

Here’s an example: let’s say you’re a seller of fruits at an open market. You notice that when an apple’s price goes up, so does a pear’s price. You use this correlation to increase your pear’s price if you see apple’s price increasing.

Now imagine super fast massive computers that have correlated that if the price of NIO goes down, so should the price of LI. How long do you think it takes a computer to sell LI when it sees NIO drop? Not longer than a second.
This is a dump EOD, right?
So are we back to not caring about Covid? If so I would like one spy calls please
Yeah I picked it up
[deleted]
I’m all in.
I shorted it this morning after I sold my calls
Can someone explain to me why SPCE is a good investment I just don’t get it honestly.
r/relationship_advice would be screaming to break up
short sellers gonna short
Perfect time to buy
so is spy just gonna walk up forever?
Waiting for that ish to download
Baba dip
Wait til you see next week
Downvote cuz i got downvoted to oblivion for a similar post from salty bulls. Sry bout it
[deleted]
MMs are a joke. Disney should be mooning
Could you dumb it down for me real quick
It's almost time to buy Nio. I can feel it
deleted
jeez I feel bad for the NIO FOMO dudes, truly though, curiosity is a hell of a drug
PTON looking like a snack rn
Give me a spy 0dte play, couple of 358s or a truckload of 360s
My cock aint even done
lmao what indicators? this fkin stonk could barely hold 270 for a measly few sec 2 days ago

&#x200B;

im in on calls but this shet stonk can barely stay afloat on the 258 support
@ me next time.....
Of course the week after I sell MGM calls it goes up 3 dollars
Just got to say fuck Citron, asshole purposely collapsed nio today, how that isnt insider trading or stock manipulation  i dont know
You’ll regret not
Tarded strenght in SOLO
Try stocktwits better than yahoo
[removed]
tru dat, bro
I bought into Kandi I’m also dumb plz no bully
Time for WSB to move on. Next EV meme LI. LI 12/18 35C
[deleted]
[deleted]
Volume is so low
Holy shit are people really that retarded that they buy a stock because "it's under $2.50"? I'm impressed.
also the cars are considered motorcycles by the government because they have 3 wheels so you don't get a $7,500 tax rebate for buying one as you would for an EV
CCP Chasing money and security, EVs = Money and domestic security. Less reliance on foreign oil
NIO is dropping fast xing-pi better announce a share offering while he still can.
Sleepy Joe only sleeps on PRPL
Andrew Left bought puts at the bottom
EOD should be interesting to say the least
Volkswagen taking its share in Europe, nio in China, credit sales finished next year.  Also I have puts
Heavy
This is a rocket ship into the ground.
Spy rising without amazon or aapl wtf is carrying it
Doing something ZM ffs
Losing 20% of My portfolio was a good lesson to not do stupid shit
That is reasonable, though I’m trying to decide if they are much more experts than me, a garbo retail
Bought in at 21, was stale as fuck and sold at 21, not even a week later NIO starts shooting up like crazy. I want to kill myself every single day
Been on that beast a minute
LOL!! I just googled SOLO car. I almost fell off my chair from laughing so hard. WTF
I mean 40 days ago NIO was at 21 soooo.....seems about right?
I’m saying if you bought puts when it was up today
If half the people on this sub had taken high school Econ we wouldn’t be in this mess
Probably made a total of $100 since he has no more day trades like a broke dik
Same!
What is this, volume for ants???
Elon Musk has Covid, so I bought HYG 80 puts and UVXY 18 calls December 18/20.
For every comment bitching about NIO yesterday there was another about not getting in any dips. 


Here’s your dip. But you’re probably buying puts.
Didn't say it was a lot. You said no one buys their cars. Well 12,000 people did in q3.
[deleted]
Ouch the sell off end of day shall be glorious. How does spy usually behave on fridays?
wtf u talm bout, im boutta yolo puts lol
Tendies on a Friday 😎
Mondays and Fridays I've noticed nio is almost always in the red. Buy in Monday afternoon and collect tendies on thursdays
Is this the runup to spy earnings?
You have made a good case sir
The last helios sounding stock was the company behind movie pass and ended up being an Indian Ponzi scheme. 

Tldr: be very wary of company names starting with the letter h
Any thoughts on ETSY?
Anytime BRO.
That's not how you spell $50 EOD
Guys, let’s all pile into sono. It could go to 20 by next week
I like the idea of SOLO but the cars are supposedly shit. I like the design of Kandi cars, but who the fuck wants to drive a Kandi 💅💝👠.
didn't puts seem retarded this morning though?
Selllll Nioo
It's a massive company that pays dividends, I get that they're going to make bank off the vaccine but it's kind of expected for such a large company, it is unlikely to make really big moves.
Disney so undervalued. 250b market cap is low
Do it now Saruman!
Give me something to talk about over Christmas, I can point to a tomato and say I have 10,000 shares in a tomato extract
Up 100% on cinemark this week... bag secured
Should I buy a SOLO 6/15 Call? lol wouldnt be surprised if this thing goes to 10+ within a week or two tbh
These SOLO tricycles look autistic as hell and a pussy repellent that being said I'm a sucker for cheap EV so I'll take mine in blue.
cuz its priced to sales lol
Ha! I hit almost the exact same place as you. Can't wait to buy again!
I'm in
Virus bukkake
sq you need to move with spy not the opposite
Is your girl a dude? Cause otherwise this is kinda gay.
Can someone link me that .6% covid mortality rate? Cant find from google.
If you can't handle me at 45, you don't deserve me at 60
Everyone's been talking about it
Anyone getting Call of Duty Cold War? I’m about to get suckered in yet again because I’m bored af and I’m just gonna get drunk if not
This post hits me right in the feels.

[Literally me](https://imgur.com/gallery/VtDVtfg)

🚀

Edit: 8k to 225k. Sold out yesterday.
Bro I was about to put 15k in calls into Monday and now I’m scared to because you posted this dogshit post market value $700 oh boy you have a lot to be scared of and there shares r/babystreetbets
why?
Amen to that
How will the RKT stock buyback work? They said they will buy back $1 billion worth of shares. At let's say $22/share, that's roughly 45.5 million shares. The daily average trading volume for RKT is 6 million
Aite will limit swell @ 6.8 get out and find something else
it will die off and there will be another meme.
Remeber when that chinese peasant ate a bat and fucked the whole world.
just deposit more
You underestimate the hipster appeal. Also, I kinda like it tbh.
Actually it was yesterday. Not after it drops 10%.
who would've thought airlines would be the thing holding my portfolio up today
You NioCommunists got to cocky.
Puts on blankpoles gf
 Tech still looking very weak
You forgot robinhood traders only have $40. Robinhood traders can’t afford 1 share anymore so they can’t pump it
but buying nio calls would be retarded
2 days before ER after today, massive dip, positive ER sentiment... I’m not sure
Well it really depends do you want to lose 20K or make 20K ? Id say  spy 12/18 320 puts could be an interesting play.  If the market crashes in the next month you could turn that into 100K+.
 CRSR calls haven’t caught up to the spike yet
BABA shares possibly couldn't be a bad move right
Prostitution is always an option
Most of my shit is down bigly anyway and worthless.
and $5 peloton. It's over $100 as of late.
Citron is just advancing their own interests.
Money on the sidelines? What is that?
will they pump google like that? i really need this fat tech pull back on modernas vaccine announcement on monday
Sell this PDD 160c I picked up today that’s up 200% already
Back to cash gang fuck holding over the weekend
I'm happy to read that but damn, was I right or was I right
it's also losing me money, I invested right before ant group got yeeted
Cars?! Sine when we are calling 3wheeler batmobile a car?
And thus MT. NIO was formed
Both
Hahahhaah fucking NIO assessment from Citron is more retarded than us: 


> Anyone buying NIO stock now is not buying a company or its prospects, rather you are buying 3 letters that move on a screen - Andrew Left, Citron Research


You fucking idiot- that's all we trade is fucking 3 or 4 letters on a screen.  You can't spell fundamentals without mental(ly retarded).
I’m about to sell 4 contracts of BABA 250. 100k collateral. Am I dumb or a secretly smart? The risk reward seems enticing. I’ll bag hold for years if needed. 

I just see so much upside, once again can’t tell if I’m being a moron or kinda smart. Sorry for all the BABA shill. Help me retards
Lol is it gonna be Geraldo PUMP or Geraldo DUMP
Pricing in the 😴 win
Back in NIO
The idea is once the CCP steps off its neck it will rocket back to where it was. Jack Ma just needs to go kiss the ring-- and he will because he's smart enough to know he's on the losing end of this play. Ant Financial will probably IPO in early 2021-- which will be a humungous win for BABA.
Hahahaha how fucking original you took my joke and then made it nonsensical. Parents are real proud buddy.
[deleted]
Cmon Trump get your revenge, crash the market!
December puts on BUD are a good play. Trading at Covid highs while bars and restaurants are about to get hammered again... yeah I don’t think so
I just have 10 shares. I’ll probably sell closer to earnings. I don’t think startup EVs are the move long term. Honda said they are aiming for a full lineup of electric cars by 2025. Once the major players go electric, the small fries won’t be able to compete. I personally would never buy a Tesla (or any other EV) over a major player like Honda or Toyota
it does sound cool
My girlfriend scrapes her teeth with her fork every time she takes a bite and it literally makes my ears bleed
Holy shit. You guys weren't kidding. As soon as a stock gets spammed to death in the daily thread, it's time to sell.
Where is that article showing 900%?
declare bankruptcy
its like google somehow reversed the performance of faang and is now leading the pack by a fuck ton
That shit's ugly af lmao
Lmao sold them for $12 at the high, thought that fucking guy was an idiot. Who’s the retard now?

42P 11/13
One bad gloop and she do what I yoinky
anyone looking for a male girlfriend?
Nio to 40 let’s go
The story is their name is literally big commerce. What a stupid fucking name lol.
Welp, fuk you baba. I'm gonna go make love to piglet to appease pooh bear to make up for your fuck up. bitch.
I woke up late and missed out on selling my weekly $50C. F
Next week 60+
id sell and take the profit
> Elon Musk gonna' make his own high-reliability rapid COVID test? I'd welcome that.

Is he gonna call the doctors a pedo if they can't make some magical idea into reality. The test are based on your viral load that you're able to swab out of your body. Maybe if you swab the asshole you might get better result?
I think those go hand in hand
yes, that's how inversing works.
Ask the SEC what they think about insider trading  :)
Any pointers to understand/learn at least some of it? Like what to look at in terms of resources or data. I feel like TA has to factor into it somehow but where would you suggest going beyond it if you don't mind me asking
It's over people. Move on to the next meme stock.
Fuck you SPY
Tbh i think LI has the biggest chart penis out of all three vs xpeng and NIO.
Oh no help me guys, Im now bankrupt, what do? :(
I feel like everyone liquidated their BABA positions to make chinese EV plays. Come back. Mama Ma misses you.
ITS CALLED PROTECTION YOU DUMB a LITTLE FUCK. You bag hold? No you limp brained mongoloid you think this market Will NEVER pullback? EVER? Okay go get as leveraged as you can and go all in on spy ITM calls you fucking mongoloid bastard.
Spy at 357. This is launch pod to the moon
Good luck to you and your giant balls
We don’t need no water let the mf burn
I actually didn't, surprisingly. Just a a bad call here and there because I'd chase different stocks instead of sticking to a few and learn them well. Got burned on AMD, NLS, and that drastic spike then dip about a week ago was buying a few calls on ACB during the election and having it spike to 800% and me being a dumbass and not selling or having a stop loss, so it lost a lot of value the next day. Thankfully I had one NIO $40c for 1/15 that I bought when NIO was roughly $25.
>How do i buy a bot that can trade for me?

Call the SEC
Article doesnt mean anything. It's an excuse for profit-taking. Its 100% mooning back to 50 before er
Being an autist means being a passionate investor. Losses are the road to gains, hold tight my friend. On a real note though, never invest money you need obv and if so take a reasonable loss than risk your savings
[deleted]
SPY $350p 11/20
wait so if I want to buy nio puts but I should inverse myself I should actually buy nio calls?
This is the same type of guy who blasts people for not selling at 54. 

Sell retard you’re up 100%.
PRPL +5%
I’m waiting until eod
Rocky start but I think NIO will recover.
Just a short report, claimed max value is 25. Which is probably generous, but not the point. TSLA isn't worth more than 50, but no one cares.
One day, mby it will be grate stock and conpany, but for me atm is just a pump! But again what the fuk I know, I am in this sub for a reason!
You just mad the good half of you ran down your mothers leg
He has symptoms of a cold
Bought that NIO dip...and then it dipped again. Oh well $70 1/21/22 is safe.
Will IV drop though? That's the key.
so we just have to time his apology? dont u think one week of this turmoil would be enough for him to grovel at the feet of winnie?
[removed]
Old news
it was a hard bull trap this week and i’m usually all bear gang
how soon?
NIO
Yes baby
google “wizard burning money”
Worse addiction: chain smoking cigarettes or watching 1m candles?

I know what I'm choosing.
Spce
SOLO is high

SHORT
Just inverse yourself
nobody cares about gas anymore...all about carbon emissions!
I have no idea it just sounds cool
🦍🦍🦍
Gawdam NIO IV is 150%-200% even on 40DTE
I lost so much fucking money today off a ocmpany falling 11%
Have u seen the cars?
Holy solo
FSR to the moon!
Sell and buy calls
One last average down on SPY 0dte just for fun
Joe Biden be like "I am proud of my son"
Today was the fucking day to short NIO
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just sold NIO, what should I invest in using the profits?
How do you decide how much of your portfolio to commit to hedge bets like this? I imagine if I go overboard I will just lose money all around but then again I'm retarded. Will you just sell when prices begin to bounce back and use the capital to pick up cheaper stocks?
Just bought some shares and am immediately up $0.27, thanks for the gains bro 💪
Hey, it allowed me to buy the dip so I’m not complaining
I made money; but i wanted more

= fuck this market?
I would ban you if I could.
[deleted]
I feel like Citron's presentations have actually gotten better over the years. the one they did on Shopify was especially shitty
what photos
[deleted]
I'll trade for you just send me 2 grand a week and whatever you want me to trade
If Citron is sniffing around your ticker. then just sell. They don't always win but they're good at fucking shit up
sell half
Why the solo hate? Its literally the next on to pop.
Elon Musk gonna' make his own high-reliability rapid COVID test? I'd welcome that.
RIP cash gang that waited after the election.
Literally never occurred to me he was 50. I've been picturing him as being like 27 this whole time.
Don’t bet against green Monday
Agreed PLTR is very strong and that companies will be much needed in the future as it deals with data analytics and big data, there's a bunch of smart data scientists in the company.
My experience with timing the market without using algorithms to execute is very red
Good cause I payed the lying landlord bitch
Market won’t come down it’s too obvious and detached from reality. We’re going to 370 retards load up.
Trump can still win!
I wish people would stop comparing traditional automakers to EV companies. Is Tesla worth more than the next 4 largest market cap automakers in the world right now? Absolutely not. Is their stock likely to drop to 1/4 of the current price to reflect that? No.

Clearly the market see EVs as separate entities from traditional automakers. If you think GM can eventually beat out Tesla in the EV race then go invest in GM and wait for it to become valued like an EV company. My bets on Tesla in the US and NIO in China.
This is the same research firm that called Shopify a scam and set price target of 60 when the stock price was 150. Can’t believe people still believe them.

Edit 60 not 50
NIO = 40 EOD
Let’s come together and spam with solo calls. Market cap is low and you all can make money. The cars are funny looking but who cares ?
Wow you’re so smart, probably going to get rich
MM are definitely buying into BABA at this price
Good joke mistake
Laughs in 2k lost
Weeds back
"MaRkeTs aRe fOrWaRd LoOkiNg"

Except when shit is bearish...

Pull the fucking rug.
Puts on nio
hell yeah man thanks I’m gonna listen to that rn! I miss tour so much
NYC goes back into lock down dump on the horizon though. Ive deleveraged a lot; not gonna short this thing

Im waiting for a dip in the short term, loading back up on LEAPS for the pfizer safety pump, EUA pump, MRNA pump, EUA MRNA pump, Actual vaccination start date pump, decline in covid cases pump, herd immunity pump.
True
I knew the tests were straight bull shit - Musk proves it
What time does market close today
Dude trying to time it right now is so difficult. 

I hear so many people talking about the fed buying up stocks to keep the market propped up. I don’t know if it’s true or just people upset that the market is going up and they’re losing money on their puts.

I have a feeling that as soon as Biden takes office it’s all going to come crashing down.
Abra ka BABA
I feel you
Rebranding would actually be a smart play. Is it in the cards for these guys? Dunno
Done
So not worth anymore to stay in
It gets mentionss
LeTs AlL bUy SoLo 

Meanwhile IV is at 220% lmfaoooo
[removed]
It pumped so hard without even any news of effectiveness, I figure people are expecting it to do the same thing PFE did when they announced theirs. But man I’m ready to just take that profit and wait for correction
Sell and buy 11/27 calls, breh
Biggish move incoming within the next hour, hopefully the direction is up.
So you baghold spxs shares in an upward market waiting for a collapse so you can then sell calls against it? Or did you already sell the calls and didn't understand that it's the fucking BUYER, not you, that gets the gain of the call if the market tanks? Don't be mad because it seems like you totally misunderstood how a call seller gets paid.
[deleted]
So all cancer screenings should stop because you lost your sense of smell and felt bad for a day?

Edit: Everyone downvoting me is okay with holding all cancer screenings to lockdown partially and ineffectively. Smh
15.57 at the time of remind me bot.
yeah man that fucking act he put on.
How’s ur credit lolol
This guy folds.
Shiiiiit I didn’t know you triggered the 90 day, have a nice break buddy, use that time to focus on some strategies
Yup! And I am lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Buying NIO at the top is like doubling down on a hard 17, I deserve this.
I've said it before and I'll say it again, fuck China. Yo, buy $UBER though. I've made over $20k and averaged up to 1000 shares by buying calls. This company has such a bright future with its current leadership.
Oh man. Best of luck. Only advice I can give you is get out of your own way.
gtfo of stocks. you got no debt. no point in playing this shitty caisno
Think about why it fell today. 

If the only answer is because of Citron...there’s your answer.
more fuel to the fire as they say
Original
[deleted]
Bought NIO 45p yesterday EOD, and was panicking how high it was going AH. Woke up late today and sold for 15% profit, with a sigh of relief (though I could have made 60% more, but at least I didn't sell at a loss).

Then like retard, bought 0dte 46c when it dipped even lower, and sold for 50% profit using my last DT. 

Fuck this market.
Why does nobody talk about FSR?
Honestly tech has been profitable - earnings wise but remained so dormant for the past 3 months - it will gap up one fine day to ATHs.. Scared to buy puts on them..
Sell the stocks and go to school to get a better job. Meet a girl. Move out when your done.
Sell some stocks.  Use the money to pay for a hooker and get her a covid/std test.
[deleted]
way better than being in baba
Should I sell my NIO puts currently up 100 percent but feel like it has room to go down even more
Eh, options represent anywhere from 20-30% of my account and I think that’s how a decent number of folks roll here.  

I added to watch list though because it’s a decent premise.  Just way better with a Republican in charge of the executive branch.
Surprised how cheap PFE calls are for mid 2021.
Step one:

Be born rich
Went up a ton on Meme tech stocks, FTCH, RKT, NIO and down on BABA and AAPL. This is not how that's supposed to go
2sigma and SIG has left the chat ...
Is LI earning really good? Missed both numbers.
The fact that people are buying NIO right now completely disapproves efficient market theory.
I got 19.5
Can’t believe they killed all ev with one shitty article. Wtf
What is that supposed to mean
damn i only got the tip, you caught the whole 8 inches in your ass
Yea especially since I have to wait 90 days now....
CNBC circlejerking their own dad - CMCSA
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-13/herding-by-naive-robinhood-traders-may-be-good-signal-to-short

Naive?  Sir I retard myself as an expert
No one lives forever.  Sorry
shh..
357 0dte puts.  Not trying to hold over the weekend. Just for a daily scalp
SPY low volume rally to moon town continues. 23m volume on eow.
I’m going to play this one for lotto tickets, thanks.
Anyone else playing FSR?
Fuck yeah solo
[deleted]
That would be funny if they went on the pinksheets.
Wow sold my NIO puts too early! SMH :(
You're in shares? If in shares, hold.
Bullish af
😴 this 💩 is boring as fuck
It’s really been a slow week
Don’t mind any consolidation above 40 whatsoever. If they can consolidate at 42-44 would be a huge win.
How do you convince people that car isn't a death trap if it's in an accident?
[deleted]
Only after my SPY puts are fully dead
Nah
yep citron hit pieces usually take out 20-40% :S
A rare dip day to load up on NIO??
Fucking RIP, I hate losing day trades
Oh man unless you work in finance that must mean it's time to get out haha
I know!  I am afraid that if their vaccine works but is not as effective as pfizer's vaccine (90% effective) it will drill.
Every upward movement on SPY has been an AH gap up then flat/decline during the day so frustrating to play when 90% of the movement happens while I’m sleeping
Reads one citron article 😂 🌈 🐻 soooo mad
Happens, don’t trade toooo high
Hopes and dreams
yea but doenst it dip as soon as they release?
I’ll buy some GE contracts too, I believe
did he cry again
Citron cant do shit. The hype is still there and it has strong backing. Get in for the earning run up
I really understand why all you retards hate protection if your parents used it you mistakes would of never been born
Bought NIO 45p yesterday EOD, and was panicking how high it was going AH. Woke up late today and sold for 15% profit, with a sigh of relief (though I could have made 60% more, but at least I didn't sell at a loss).

Then like retard, bought 0dte 46c when it dipped even lower, and sold for 50% profit using my last DT. 

Fuck this market.
Not only that, but no one lives forever.  Is hiding from this disease really worth transferring so much money from small businesses owners to the very top of society?  The threat from this is not minor.  A lot of commenters calling people dumb for saying this are children who don’t understand the full scope of things
Whenever I sell for profit shit moons and I miss the shuttle

So then I say ok trust my instincts, hold it for longer and it goes to zero

I swear some of us just have shit karma or something, it’s a conspiracy
You may get your wish and get yeeted from the planet depending on the admin.
What’re you thinking? 352p
time to 

*buy*

*the*

*dip*
Elon Musk might have COVID but inconclusive testing so far (two positive, two negative)
That’s about the most retarded response I could’ve gotten lol. Yes I understand the percent change from 1 to 50 is larger than 5 to 50. But here’s the thing bud. It didn’t start at 5 did it. And it is that high in percent gain. I hate to break it to you but when people see the stock they bought at 1 go to 50 they sell. And when people sell the stock price goes down. These concepts might be new to you but I promise they’re true
Tried to get in yesterday but didn't execute my 10 $5c.....

&#x200B;

Big sad, but still in at 12/18 $5c today for 240% more!
Meant to sell my spy put and accidentally fucjimg bought one so had to close 2 of them out on a lost and lost a day trade and Robinhood only crediting me 33$
I’m much more confident in GM if I’m gonna pick an car co transitioning to EV. I have GM shares, but am even looking FCAU before Ford.
PLTR nice strong company, bought 700 shares today.
Hold that call *forever*
VW maybe not. Germans are smart and understand innovation. But the dealership model will die along with ICE as a whole. Don’t believe me just watch.
[deleted]
Read Meditations by Marcus Aurelius
were probably getting stimulus news soon so spy
You still holding I presume?
For all of you NIO haters, I made $10 on my trade today.  So there you go.  See, it only goes up.
80s seems like a yuge stretch. Too bigly
Monday it pumps from news
“I hope we lose money on this next hedge” lol bill it’s okay you crashed the market and made bank last leg down don’t try to act all valiant
[deleted]
Will NIO continue to die? 😁
This isn't a psych session
Lol never change WSB. “Bro why would you buy a triple leveraged bear ETF even if the market goes down you’ll only make like pennies bro” yeah why have protection in case the market corrects 5%. Yes retards a 15% gain on shares amounts to pennies in profit.
Welcome welcome, you can sit next to me if you want
earnings run up and launch bruh
I just had a stroke, I’m sorry you had to witness that
But Citron.wordpress.com said sell???
Should have stayed away from BABA commie stock. Damn commies.
BABA has to be way oversold at this point.  Probably a good flier right here with it barely moving the last couple of hours
NIO = OVERVALUED SELL IT
Same - well not all in but I’m buying puts
The glass is more than half full.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/joe-biden-adviser-covid-lockdown-proposal-michal-osterholm/ PUTS NEXT WEEEEK
Nice
Lost 3k on breaking lease AMA
I would get a $46 C 11/27 expiry 
They have earnings next week and they are projected to be good. I’ll probably end up buying some later today.
I wouldn’t be surprised if this Left dude is long on shares with NIO. Pure bullshit
Ford is good but gm is a bargain believe me gm need to split is business.
if we all bought calls on SOLO, we could gamma squeeze that to 100 BB NKLA valuations lol
They’re super selective. 

For every 10 google / FB/Netflix engineer that gets hired, you get maybe 1 that lands an internship at Palantir. 

Not uncommon to have literally 10 rounds of interview.
[deleted]
Damn right. What subreddit are you on?
😂😂
I honestly can’t think of a way to make this post any gayer
Holding a bunch of nkla 20p/19.5p that I bought at the top today
If we touch 357 I’m going all in on puts
lmao
Werent they the ones that attacked ENPH?
Government doesn't like relying on other countries for oil and their pollution levels are insane.  Gov may not care that much about people's health, but its gotten to the point where its fucking them up long term.  Huge push to move into EVs
they just dropped this 1999 release today:
https://soundcloud.com/thephishfromturntable/sets/ph19991202
You convinced me to do something I was not man enough to do myself. Closed out of my 40c at 14.30 before the big cuck
[deleted]
Citron = the new Martin Shkreli
Priced in for per projected cars sold in 2042
Anyone else in MJ?
what accomplishment? Don't know much about the company.
Ok see you in a week
How do i buy a bot that can trade for me?
Why do my picks always match up with fucking Stephanie Link
Yes, yes I am
algos out today on TLT, triple bottom?
How
You understand the % is only so high because of where the stock was right? Like if it was at $5 instead of $1 it wouldn’t be up anywhere near as high in percent? The news has been coming out since last earnings bud. And it’s global dynamic switch into the EV market.
Even if you limit it in scope, the Chinese EV companies can't really compete with Honda and Toyota without some sort of crazy trade protectionism and I doubt they do that.  The Chinese EV product just isn't going to be as good or as effectively produced by more experienced manufacturers like Toyota and Honda who have better engineers, designers, and factories
Calls for ACM and HD. Both projected to do well on earnings next week
Aye would ya look at that, turns out we actual split that one brain cell between the two of us cause I am very interested in what they are doing.
Lol, Totino's Pizza Rolls, Chicken Sandwiches, and Microwavable Hamburgers. It's not all I'm eating for 60 days, but I probably won't go grocery shopping again for that long. So many items that can be purchased for $1.
[deleted]
I've been watching it since it was at 3 dollars. It is real.
Is there any NIO stock left to sell at this point? Jesus
Not sure whether to get back into NIO or not. Is CItron really a manipulator usually?
NKLA is looking interesting🤔
holy shit, that's epic.
370c spy calls for next week vaccine pump will happen once again but this time from Moderna
Speak it into existence
Chinese New Year is late January. Hoping for earnings boost. Big brain time.
Yea buy puts
Hey man if you’re gonna blanket call people out I think you should provide an example. What’s the catalyst for your comment?
131K GE leap options;

I dont think ive seen that many people in LEAPS on just one option before.....


Are people really expecting GE to make a come bacK?
And I bought at $1 the day they delisted
An elected official or beloved celebrity needs to pass away from COVID sometime in the next hour or two for my 0DTE puts to print.
THis bad boy is just getting started
42% not bad, yolo life savings next time
I fomo’d into x7 50c 11/13’s yesterday at 1.34 and sold today at 3.33, ill fuckin take it.
lost $200 on GME this week AMA
[deleted]
Which ones?
pltr
[deleted]
GOOD GOD! Stop sleeping on $UBER!
Are you not understanding how much that call is worth WHEN THE MARKET CORRECTS YOU ABSOLUTE FUCKING MOMO ITS CALLED PROTECTION SOMETHING YOUR FATHER SHOULD OF USED YA FUCKING HALF BRAIN MISTAKE
Pay now or pay later
The mouse is in the house
Nope you’re wrong
You're killing it. From a married man with kids, cherish your youth. Regardless of how you spend it, do not feel that you are wasting it.
omg more evs as gas is barely 2/gallon. Ok 🤷🏻‍♀️
That’s way more math than I’ve ever done in my life.
Nio down 6% that's interesting
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Footsteps_10 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hyln is not EV
My dude doesnt waste time pulling up his pants from his ankles. Too busy making bank
Scam likely
You NIO mfs are annoying af
Nah I sold them in stages between 300-400% profit. Bid ask showed up 5mins into market open. If actually allowed me to diamond hand for more profit
I bet they're the shorts that are trying to shake retail investors so they can cover their ass
Me too
380 is a good price to buy
Shoutout to BABA call holders
Bought more
got 500 to dump where to go?
What makes you think so?
How could you possibly be short the CCP??? The Chinese gov pumps the stocks for you!
Unless I see NIO hit 48.5 today I’m going to hold.
SAVE 25c 11/20 yolo
I’m having a hard time figuring out when I should take my moderna profits
ASD **is** a Special Olympics qualifier...lol.
I did. Thanks babe. Kissy kiss
[deleted]
I'm up 300% on a Solo 6/18/21 2.50C.
Do I keep holding ? I also have 77 shares
I’ll just leave this here...

https://citronresearch.com/citron-reverses-opinion-on-tesla/
Same here. I feel like next week is the week jt comes down especially with ath cases, but I don’t even wanna try timing it anymore
[deleted]
I don't really believe in communism though!
Simpsons predicted NKLA
Hyperbolic megaphone? U can't make this shit up lol
I think the real question is what didn’t I lose on
#SOLO: A RETARD STORY
That’s pretty standard retard
Rug pull any minute now 🤡
Same 😅
Puts on my landlord getting rent this month
People sold NIO on a PDF that looks like it was made for a high school econ class. 

🤡
Poor people 😂
I’ll bite
No way bro
[removed]
Bill Ackman double dipped on his Covid crash bet which netted him 2.6B profit. Jeez even ppl who made 2.6B cant resist going for one more.

https://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/bill-ackman-just-made-another-massive-bet-on-a-new-covid-19-surge
Citron guy is Discord CEO. He's alt right anti China. His claims on NIO are baseless. He's just hyping up his own position. Shit should be fraud
spce and nio calls for next week?
Well yea but now citron says “screw you guys we liked nio before it was cool dudes. We don’t like it anymore it’s too mainstream. *flicks hair out of eyes*”
Fuck guys I guess vaccine pump again on Monday from MRNA it’s all but settled at this point just look at the value and travel stocks
Di blasio told parents to be ready for school closures Monday so traders gonna have to stay home and throw at meme stocks in their pajamas
[deleted]
That means the option has intrinsic value. If you'd like buy something more out of the money, feel free! :)
NKLA jump today = GM deal being announced over the weekend. Will squeeze to mid $40s next week.
Hey I’m 23 as well, live at home, with considerably less money in stocks but more in safe savings.

Honestly I wouldn’t worry dude, make sure you get some plan for moving out is all I’d suggest. I know my situation is temporary and I’m making the necessary money moves to make sure that I am financially ready to make the jump. Once you start living life on your own terms you’re gonna be grand.
''Everything under heaven is in utter chaos; the situation is excellent''

Follow the founder of the People's Republic of China. When there is chaos, buy Chinese
Microsoft mostly
If you have 11/27 calls, sure.
2 months of food for $30? Did you only buy Raman Noodles lol
I know, I know. You’ve been hurt by SPY puts before. Yet you keep coming back. It’s ok, you have stock holm syndrome.
sector rotation into SOLO lol
I'm sorry, but if you come on here to disseminate false information to your fellow retail traders you are a scumbag.

Who knows maybe somebody actually thought you were serious and made a play based on it (people are that autistic).

Let's look out for one another. We may have different positions that conflict with one another, but lets make sure if we are sharing information that it is accurate!
why the fuck is uber up for the last fucking week.
If I knew PDD was going to blow up **again** today I would've bought more than these weak ass leaps!

11/11: $110s

11/12: $130s

11/13: $150s
#C H I N A
A couple months ago it had like a $90 swing within an hour.
Lost 300$ today
Woke up late af what I miss?
#im a simple man. I see SSSS I buy
Huh
Lol, Citron
supplements???
Haha I gotchu man. Take a break then. But once Biden takes office it’s gg and China is taking off harder than ever. It’ll be more and more free money so stay tuned.
[deleted]
I don't think it will get to what Citrus put it at but I think it will drill quite a bit. Then I'll buy it again 😂 no matter what happens long term this roller coaster ain't going away any time soon
Great low key mover had chance to get in at $31 hesitated.. testing companies making money.. QDEL >
282c .hahaha I would be shitting my pants right now if I had 282
The premium on a otm spxs Dec call is about 10 cents a share. Also who the hell holds a daily rebalanced 3x fund when it's not moving up? I'm guessing you are either full of crap or have done this for like a week. Here's a hint, when the market moves against you the fund will drop more than 3x. When the market moves sideways the fund will drop. You seem to think that when you sell covered calls you get the gain of the call. You don't, that's what the buyer gets. You only get the premium at the time you made the sale. It sounds to me like you have made some seriously wrong moves.
Someone give him gold
Get a hold of your nutrition and exercise regularly.
Get the fuck out of here with your $127
You sound salty
If even BABA can be so easily rattled by the CCP, no Chinese company is safe from to state manipulation. Time to get yourself a connected CCP minion to trade on the party's mood. Would that be illegal or just unethical?
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Analoghogdog don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Depending on earnings I think. Lots of people took profits this morning and rebought dips and there are plenty of peeps long on this stock. If earnings are a smash we aren’t running out of steam yet
Hyperbolic megaphone on the 5m for PLTR... gonna explode as soon as everyone comes back from lunch which should be in about 15 mins
SELL NIO
I have to ride it out to zero. Only pussies sell.

Edit: GUH
Pussy
I think we woulda got a jfk situation if we were in a different time.
Henry nikola?
I'm a Nio shill but was smart enough to sell at open and put in a limit buy order for 46.00 :)

Edit: JK I'm just as retarded as the rest of yall
Yes brother. Don’t let the cat out of the bag.
🤑
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/PenisRancherYoloSwag don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO meme stock ? https://www.benzinga.com/node/18361189
go find a place to rent, hit the gym, get a gf.
How in fuck is spy pumping rn i’m boutta switch to forex this is bullshit
username does not check out
It'll still be you cause Steven will be out fucking someone other than you.
Bought at 52 expecting it to go to 60 cause fawk me right? 5 mintues later 45 Q.Q.
Why do you think it will go up 👀 my leaps are asking 
I bought them without a dd just need reassurance it’s ok
[deleted]
Where is the volume on SPY?  Lordy its a slow day
These algos working overtime on the melt up
Do I keep NIO and SOLO during the weekend?
Could still hit today. The volume is insane.
I'm holding till the end of the year because I have to either claim Capital losses otherwise I will owe a lot of taxes since I locked in a bunch of profits at the top. I'm hoping it goes to about $30 by the end of the year. I don't see much more downside risk anymore.
Godspeed brother. I contemplated on buying leaps but i just went in on shares.
It's full autism with ACB or nothing
Long MU... smart cars need chips, and who makes the best smart car chips? NVDA. Who supplies NVDA?
username does not check out
we never ended the first wave
It will hit 380 first and then will fall, maybe land ITM by 12/18
We literally are... USA! USA! USA! USA #1
People clearing bailing on NIO for FSR
they can just rebrand it to Henry.
Hey literally just bought a ton of OTM February calls 5 minutes ago sweet
I know, also canadian market vs Chinese
Thought they would pump with more lockdowns. Still holding 12/24 445C
Ain’t no love for the mouse. Shouldn’t be below 140
wait, u have one 282c or 282 actual calls lol
Who tf is holding tesla, sell sell sell
SOLO to $12 EOY.
it’ll gap up. COVID getting worse chicago going back to lockdown
Just bought some NIO so I can join the circlejerk
C’mon don tweet some wild shit an crash mkt so you can say I told you so
You’re fitting in
PLUG your HOL with CORN 🌽
[deleted]
Calls for the run up
You literally just typed out 99% of the play. Pull those last few brain cells together and complete the puzzle.
This is the way
Just read they're manufactured in China by Zongshen, don't see that doing harm to the stock though. Up 36% as of just now, appreciated lol.
[deleted]
FSR!!!!
You. Me. Everyone else here.

Pawns.
anyone got a decent end of day play?
😂
SOLO is the next NIO, and I was in NIO at $3.50, get in now as SOLO will soar $10+ in next two weeks
It's literally going up as I write this.
That’s the spirit
buy own place, start exercising , get gf.

Sorted
My business feels like it could become kinda slow for the foreseeable future, so I've  been looking for ways to cut back on expenses in case this lasts for like a year or longer. I'm used to eating out 1-2 meals per day, and my usual food budget is something like $25-30 per day. 

Holy fuck, you can save a lot of money by buying shit from the frozen foods section. Puts on my cardiovascular system, but I just bought an entire freezer full of food for like $30. Will probably last me 60 days at least.
I have gme shares and pretty sure I'm retarted
No problem. J. J. Abrams was in charge of both, I think Fringe is quite a bit better though.
Counter point:

It's still ford.
Maybe stop betting your entire portfolio on a single stock
Out
[deleted]
SOLO back in the going up game?
Imo you should pull some money out and move out. Will help you restore some mental stability and find your course in life
Who ever is in spy today is having such a slow day
sooooo, puts?
You're either going to be Santa Claus or working in the factory with the elves
Zoom ate all my portfolio progress this week
[removed]
I've seen this message about Citron more times then i can count lol
I was actually the opposite position I closed my puts. But equally frustrating. 

Crazy both of those happened in the same day
buy straddles on everything
Solo is Not real lmao
gj man I also lost money on kodak puts
I admire you don’t let your money collect dust
Don't worry, youre gonna be fine
Buying 2 for 5 at Dunkin, lost 20k on spy put! This is the way
Yo it’s working....
Going full HOG today!
HAHA this was me! I made $10k in 20 minutes then I was down $11k I was like wut lol. Still holding maybe it will fill the gaps by December
I sold too early
>Monday

fake and gay
PLTR to da moon.
Here's to another day of making all the right moves on all the wrong boys

🍻
Made a whopping 150 dollars today, Jesus this day sucks
Anyone else in on marine transportation?
Actually you’re right - it doesn’t sound like a bad concept. Also Wikipedia says they have 2500 employees? This is making my brain hurt
[deleted]
there is no system
here is my dd: Ford is now an EV company and thus should be worth 10 times current market cap.
been looking at the unusual whales alerts recently. what's the difference between a regular alert, a bid side alert and an ask side alert?
Which ticker touched your no no?
Solo pump again tho and it’s Canadian not Chinese
[deleted]
vaccine news will kill it from going beyond 450 until perhaps after earnings. Right now people don't want to risk bag holding if it drops to 300 or lower.
Fair and valid points. Yes, I was considering holding longer term - I know - not the forum for that.
you're poor
Is this spy rug pull just going to come out of no where before the weekend close
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** LI Auto Inc (LI)

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtj0cr
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtj0cr) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/theredditrsofthereds, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
theredditrsofthereds
TheDeadGuy
metals are going to pump again once Trump concedes
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I’ve said before that Buzz Lightyear should be the NIO mascot
Cause I bought calls obv
Yeah I bought the dip but it's not recovering lol
Yolo SOLO small car big pp
Hope indeed
i bet once contracts expire today nio goes back up around 49
some reopening stocks up some down, chaos
Nio will end green
I feel like WSB doesn’t understand SPY.  This is 500 of the largest cap companies on the planet.  Just because you lost 80% on your NIO calls doesn’t mean to buy SPY puts.
This is the way
Switch to Edge, it's the best browser option. Chrome rendering engine for compatibility and performance, but works best with Windows.
I've seen many of theirs fuck up. I remember them trying a hit piece on SHOP when they were at 120. Dip lasted like an hour and then... lol
I play the same up and down game and I know the rally into ER but again your mornings puts were literally Hail Marys on a day that, sans Citron, would have lost most of their value. 

You made money on the puts and good for you. I’m still up on my calls but again it was a Hail Mary that happened to connect on a blue moon. Nothing more nothing less.
$UBER is about to moon.
[deleted]
Apple switches from Intel to AMD 

And the bad news is for ... AMD tho?
I was talking exclusively on the subject of electric vehicles made for the Chinese market though
Anyone know what’s up with fslr
pre-market Monday.
Explain.
This man texted himself using his company sponsored phone. BAN
[deleted]
Cash out everything and back in $240 calls 3/2021 rinse and repeat peep FLGT testing is here to stay
You are an idiot for even saying that. Why don’t you google the amount of people who are dying from covid and then google the amount of people who are dying from recession. Fucking moron
Or you’ll just lose more
Rain?
🔋🚗 📉

👇

🤡🤳
Consider solo
For how long and at what price?
fuck off
[deleted]
Looking to get in on GME calls expiring first quarter 2021.  Any suggested plays?
Every time I open RH the Citron article is the first one to show up even though i swipe it away 🤔
STL shut downs went into effect today
 @NIO BULLS, NEVER DOUBT YOUR VIBE

🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾
Citron manipulation is nuts. Buy the dip
Are you expecting Armageddon?
Bought some 7.5 11/20 calls, idk if im making a profit
I got a bad feeling... almost every major tech stock fell after earnings
[deleted]
APHA going 🚂💨 choooooo chooooooo today !
fvrr actually undervalued in some peoples view, freelance work is a market growing rapidly, esp with so many unemployed for so long, some have migrated
I bought some Ford contracts personally
I sold too early lol
Looking at them NIO & PLTR has me all jealous. In Su Bae, I trust. Please deliver us austists to the promised land
It’s so obvious is quite disturbing tbh look at the cruise lines and airlines
I'd give you Silver for this, but I might need that money if Nio keeps dropping.
[deleted]
CNK is up huge today but I bought into December puts cause I mean cmon. Lockdown is coming even if it’s localIzed to states. Only people rn going to the theatre are young ones
Did you pick it up?
Debating whether to buy NIO CALL or PUT. I’m thinking it’ll rise when earnings hit on the 17th
Tesla, hertz, kodak, nikola, rocket, virgin ... anyone
See you Monday!
After ER I imagine
Short term yes IMHO. Gyms are in major trouble if lockdowns continue. Workout gear for home is sold out often..see bowflex.
Li auto??
AH
Nice. Thanks for sharing.
Reddit mods are really fake and gay

Imagine being a snowflake ❄️

🤡🤡🤡
Plz pump SOLO even more! Can’t believe the company scored that major accomplishment
Damn what did you lose on?
It’s okay we need them to squeeze us to the moon come next week
FCEL & SOLO value plays of the day gtf in boys
I think we are in for a wild end of day. Starting in 5 minutes
Another mango tweet on this uptrend would be absolutely hilarious
Do something
SQQQ calls
I feel that... but there’s always that voice in the back of my head that’s like this is the one
Jerking off to the memory of molesting his cousin at his grandfathers funeral
Was fun having you around, see you when your next paycheck arrives !
A -50% price target is not a “Healthy Correction” it is a moment of clarity.
every fucking time.
I need a massive dump
That was not a sentence but I’m in
Gatta start somewhere right
sorry bears just picked up some SPY 180P. We're probably going to moon now
Yah can someone tell the autists to buy baba puts so this shit show can go green.
[deleted]
I bought stonks for 6 bucks back in march. I still dont know how to do options in Europe (we dont have Robinhood). Sold majority today. I keep 20% of my initially bought amount - they are free anyway.
SPY $350p 11/20. The only way
Yeah, moderna said yesterday that results next week. Fauci said it should be just as effective as the pfizer one yesterday as well. Don’t need unusual whales for that one. It was all over mainstream news
covid who?
Buy puts, watch what happens.
tech
I sold it when it was between $6 and $7 and had it when it was in the $1.50 range. People here didn’t like NIO back then but love it now. 


TLDR: I want a lambo, coke, and tendies
[deleted]
I’m on the other side of that. Got hundreds of shares price target $1,000 🍻

FVRR going to buy me a new house. So much upside potential!
So obviously 3600% in fucking UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Yup, they are canceling schools in NY. Spy 360 on Monday!! 🤪🤪🤪🤪
Congrats bro sending you warren buffet vibes
Nio recovery lmao
[deleted]
Toronto eh
I know. I used to be super bullish. Now I’m super bearish. Wishing I just bought calls. Oh well.
Veterans Day
100 shares cost about the same lmao
Go ask them for a meeting with the CEO
NIO looks like TSLA when it was only $390 . Everyone was talking about how "overvalued" it was, how it'll take fifteen years to reach true valuation. That's not the point. The point is stonks go up. Nio calls.
Well it wasn’t going to go down to 0
Tsla calls if you’re a patriot. Don’t let these commie EVs steal the thunder ⚡️
Yeah wait till earning next week. Then we’ll see who is crying
 Sorry, this pump is only for adamantium hands. If you sold during this dip don’t join us
Why isn’t NIO 50 pts ahead you might ask?
I hope man
I had never heard of them before you just mentioned. Up 2,000% this year holy shit someone must’ve became a millionaire off them
Big money left. A lot of stock holders are seeing this downward trend and are hoping for a small spike to sell off. Come EOD this is gonna drop. Just my 2 cents.
SPY puts
Unintentional pun 🤣🤣
I hope you are referencing nio brother
I made 2 bucks on a NIO put...
Told you guys to exit Nio. Downhill from here. It’s trading at a Tesla multiple and hasn’t accomplished 10% of what Tesla has done globally. Very manipulated.
The day Jim Cramer dies ironically dies by an actual bull. I will laugh my fucking ass off.
Just average down for the tendies
It's about to moon
So when does NIO hit 53 next guys? Monday?
Doesn’t matter people take off. I don’t feel like arguing with a twat
where do you work thAt you cant buy stonks
This was literally on the front page yesterday and the bears already forgot. Sad! [Lol](https://i.imgur.com/HcInVSJ.png)
Ohhh like prostitutes bet
>CRSR 

might have to join u on that its a bs rule that shouldn't exist. made me lose 100 today on nio because it wouldnt let me fucking sell
JD mooning. Get in while you can
It ain't over till I'm at 0
oh damn its been three months already? jeez
Totally get that. But for them to be within minutes of each other seems off.
I predict he kills himself or someone does it for him in 6 months time
People say that about Citron all the time
Too soon?
What happened? Got a link?
I'll be happy if it does. Let's see how it goes
Tard.  Sold for gain of $100.

Edit:  But respect for puts
How are things looking now? Did you get creamed or get out early?
Yeah its just waiting for me to sell
Fine. Take my money, and my reluctant upvote. Then probably my girlfriend next cause all I’m doing is loosing today!
Well it’s been a fun ride but my acct is gone now. Time to take a true break from gambling errr I mean trading. Till next time boys
i see what you did there
Sir i dont come here to solve math problems
Why?
Fuck u dad
we are going to rally into close IMO
Buy every PLTR dip until it doesn’t work
🤡🤡🤡🤡
Hope you made a quick scalp!
Google fruitflow lol
Buy PLUG and SBE calls like your life depends on it!
any update on this? im down big not sure if i just sit or ditch it
Healthy markets

🤡🤡🤡
👀
Yea... but...like... tendies
Buy 20k worth of NIO $70 calls expiring on 20 November 2020. You'll most likely lose it all. But if you don't, you'll probably be a millionaire.   


TLDR; $NIO 70c 20/11.
You damn well know we’re all riding a short bus
I’m swimming in this nio dip, love the spa jets
NIO coming back up after everyone realizing Citron dude is a fraud with his own interests going against NIO. Scumbag. Hope he gets investigated for that low blow. Anyways NIO back on the rise 📈
Just yolo it can only go up from hereeeee 🚀
Buy physical tomato paste you'll be much happier
It would have been falling so fast and with delayed quotes I would have had no idea what to put in as a limit price tbh that I likely would have gotten a very similar price. 

I think the underlying stock was at about $15.40-$15.60ish when the options were exercised.
Too hiyaaa in my open yin
Idk why you said but phish 99 was the shit
[deleted]
The EOD dump will be glorious
BEST 😍
I wonder how Trevor Milton is doing right now 🤔
Spergon Wynn
No way I’m leaving before NIO day
I’m in this post and I don’t like it
478c 11/23
Still doesn’t change the fact you don’t know how market caps work. I hold corsair shares. I’m not against them. I’m against your dumb attempt at an opinion
I feel like big money is waiting on some big info on GME.. and then move
Gig economy is going nowhere fool
Playing strip poker with your mother doesn't count as high stakes. ban
Hell yeah!!!! Baba was doing them same for my account until fucking Jack Ma decided to open his mouth earlier in the week ... what a prick.
Indeed - manipulation at its finest
I had a wet dream last night that the ANT IPO was announced and CCP & Ma settled their beef.
ALL STATES COMPLETE LOCKDOWN FROM SUNDAY NIGHT.
This picture gets me every time
thanks for that...
Virgin Galactic. They have a space flight 1 week from today. It always pumps hugely when they do, and all the annalists rate it as buy right now. All my options are in this right now.
In all seriousness. Chewy is a great company. I was ordering prescription food through them for my wifes terminally ill cat (Kidney failure). A $60 box I ordered showed up the day after he passed and I called them and explained why I needed it returned. They fully refunded me. Told me to donate the food to a local shelter in his name and then sent my wife a huge bouquet of flowers. That is fucking customer service.
Why do you keep posting this you fuk
Here
uh do you want it or something?
I’m just gonna keep dollar cost averaging down. It seems so undervalued. Nothing makes sense in this market tho.
Nio?
Jack Ma pissed their leader off badly. Baba getting reckt because of it.
better than losing.
spy retarded slow, low volume walk up. 0 selling pressure rn
[deleted]
Holding the same NIO calls. No worries though come next week we going back up 🚀🚀
Wtf is NVDA the week before earnings?
[deleted]
Totally fine with that bro.
are we holding our nio leaps? I have a few 1/21/22 I bought two days ago
All right, goin long on SPY and short on ZM and PTON again next week. Let's see what's up.
before or after it's up 250% for the year?
I'll rather be broke than a fucking boomer buying stocks

calls for life
Offering more shares.
[deleted]
Why isn’t NIO at 200 yet
[deleted]
It’s okay, I’ll make it back by the end of the month with my next paycheck
Ford $10 next week?
Judging from their homepage not even a bad long term play
If he dies...a lot.
Woke up to this new color on my screen wtf is this update
never be a pig, take your profits

I've not learned this lesson either lmao
Because the women you have sex with are so ugly that they never go anywhere in public, thus minimizing their exposure.
>!raises hand!<
12/18 SPY $350 will print
[deleted]
It doesn’t make sense to me. Such a disconnect
Fuck off SIMP you only fucked 10 fleshlights 😎

We don't give a fuck about women here just green fucking money 🤑

🤡🤡🤡
IN ON THE NIO DIP LETS GO
WTRH 3c 4/16
Buying the NIO dip. Citron's price target drop is classic manipulation.
Sorry to hear that dude I’ve blown my account before a couple times, it’s not the end of the world remember that man, hang in there WILL be good days sending healing vibes bro 🙏🙌
[deleted]
what anaylsts? i have one call ive been bleeding on. link?
Thanks for giving me a discount Citron
i was up 6k on calls yesterday... down 2k today... feels bad bro
I’m using the retard strength in $FVRR today as a chance to buy cheap puts. I may be wrong on timing but this is going to be worth $0 at some point
Okay, I'm selling my entire stack of Nio shares. This is unstable. I'm still up somewhat.
imagine if they are shit
Why BIGC go down bigly
Lmfao
[deleted]
[deleted]
glad I diamond handed this JD dip and doubled down. Muricans always paperhand at open
What i say
They’re all at absolutely amazing buy in levels atm
Cheap to buy calls then? Should I grab some? I’m debating
SOLO avg. vol. = 7million versus 130million before noon

Hmmmmmmm
always
You’re pretty much missing everything. It’s a 3X leveraged ETF that’s the point! Do you know what the IV on calls are? Anything in the money ends up being worth a decent amount ok don’t sell a call fine. Where are you getting this make pennies shit from? Have you paid attention at all since March? We’re in a bull run and this thing is at rock bottom. Nows the time you buy it if we correct 5% you made 15%. No one thinks a 5% correction isn’t uncalled for. Only retards don’t think we can’t dip even 10% so you’re telling me 30% is pennies? It’s 3X leveraged we drop 10% you net 30% personally me I would sell an ITM call after a huge correction so I can collect fat premium and if it hits the strike I’ll make even more money. If it doesn’t and the market starts to recover that’s fine too I’ll buy the dip and still have a hedge as insurance.
That’s only true until you buy a call, then it always goes down
Puts time
You didnt get a proper ban complete with a serial number?
What y’all think bout tesla calls over the weekend
Wtf
AIDS. Your immune system ain’t even attacking the Rona you got just said fuck it.
Awesome thanks, yeah I have 12/18 $35C I got today for .25
yea pretty much
NIO fam. Believe we survived another hurricane. Let’s close strong.
They do want to own it. After they push the price down and profit off their short position they'll buy to close.
exercise is for chumps
On a Saturday?
This sub kills everything that touches. Bunch of idiots trying to replicate somebody's massive gains after a stock is lost all its momentum. Then they run in and flood it and try and pump it only to watch all their money Robin Hood into short sellers Bank accounts.
Thanks for buying from me!
Today sucked
LMAO! 12,000! You think that's a lot of cars haha. They don't sell shit dude. They don't even actually manufacture their cars either.
Everyone from nio moving bags into SOLO lmao
Not me. Bought them at 10:59 :)
Holy fuck my JD calls are flying 

I’m too fucking greedy to sell
hm maybe because they are both ev, china, meme, pump stocks
idk, but it's melting my puts down
Are you the so called “analyst”
Eric will end up taking most of the legal heat.
Someone who hates money
[deleted]
Literally as soon as I buy a put it will shoot to ATH
[deleted]
please be right
Is BABA dead? My 282 calls aren't looking good.
Because China is a bitch. Simple.
[deleted]
Wtf is this internet marketing firm
Damn, I'm following Citron for shorting positions from now on. Every company they've ever talked shit about takes a short dip
Thinking about buying 10,000 shares in tomato paste
I hope you didn’t sell that position already
[deleted]
Just bc women can fk 100 guys a month doesn’t mean they actually do lol jfc
Yeah same. Lost so much on puts. I guess 240k+ American lives lost is priced in.
Okay so cheaper puts them. The moderna pump always fades quick. I don’t know why there’s even a pump anymore.
I’m feeling sick right now
When the intern replaces warren buffett with a random dude
My local kebab shop is called Ali Baba
NVAX low key just lining up sales while nobody is paying attention.
the virus is fake
Take me with you
Because you got every std in existence and they're all cancelling each other out
Prediction for next week? Bankruptcy 100%.
All in Baba $300 calls expiring in December migth change your life, highly risky but not improbable.
-94% is still a full -100% to get to the original -100%
Fuck it, I’m in. Shits dirt cheap and the stock has hit 10 before. All the DD I need.
Dude no one wants to know how much pussy you paid for
tell that to pton
[deleted]
I don't follow it much that's why I was askin people. Sounds like they're thinking it hit a temporary high and is currently consolidating or pulling back a bit before making another run
Can you pls send me sum tendies. I’ll let you’re wife’s boyfriend fuck me in my bum.
a genius, thats who
How did you mess up so badly
Sold most my PDD early. Missed tons. Feels not that great, man.
You should ask the dragon about their experience with the Japanese
Alright I’m convinced. Stocks only go up no more puts for me
Wait for them to start covering EOD
Unsuspended. 
Fuck you mods
I hope you fucking die poor
I just looked at their chart and it hurts my brain
at least 3 mill for him, his wife and her boyfriend
Wtf is this melt up
I meant that in a “We already are getting them, look at ny” way
Anyone holding over the weekend?
robinhood is just fantasy football with businesses
“Thanks mom!”
45.50 seems to be strong resistance point for NIO.
[deleted]
>More Americans are currently hospitalized with Covid-19 than at any other point in the pandemic, a grim indicator that the third big wave of cases in the US may be the worst wave to date.

LMAO
guys can u help me understand this? pdd and JD are the same as baba if not inferior...is baba just getting shit on cuz xi dont like jack ma? I know ant ipo was a big portion of baba value, but not this much? do the regulatory policies target specifically baba? y are investors so ready to jump into PDD and JD in the same regulatory environment
The great NIOcovery commences!!
Diversify her? I barely know her!
[deleted]
Elon testing both positive and negative for covid in the same day??? Bullish 🚀🚀
Why am I always in shit companies?
Give me a recommendation you cuck.
Guess who dumped all 11/13 NIO puts at open
Yeah I can see it. Maybe he is a fraud maybe he isn’t but at this point the government/media controls the narrative. Lol
[deleted]
"splash"?
19th
FED is still holding us up remember the power of POW
You hang around here too much if you know exactly what stock someone is talking about when they give a random date and strike.
Hmm, it does seem to be, that someone knows something. Wonder if i should exit my spy weekly P for next friday. Hmm.
once again, puts on SPG and WYNN. They rose on vaccine news but lockdowns and covid will knock them back down. Both losing tons of money because of it.
[deleted]
Imagine getting tricked into buying NIO puts at noon
I did that, went all in on PRTY Party City before earnings
For anyone who bought Nio at 54 today, I just want you to understand your decision making. The stock has gone up 3500% in one year!
FCEL taking off thanks Cramer 💨🔋📈
Citron can go fuck themselves
Why’s baba being a bitch?
This is some of the most autistic advice I’ve ever fucking heard.. You’ve exuded such BDE I ended up doing this
[deleted]
March 7.5 calls are super cheap. So we’ll worth it
[removed]
You’re a sad excuse of a human lmao 🤡
Nio is up 25x since March doubling is a slow month.
[deleted]
WSB in a nutshell - NIO, NIO, NIO, TSLA, NIO
I honestly don't think it'll drop that low, but I'll be happy if it does. I reckon it'll go sideways for a couple days after earnings and bottom out at 35. Just my 2c
Oh only $1400 for 1 call? Talk about a discount. Why not Jan? Tons of volume/open interest.
I bought 49p for .41 then sold for .45 LOL. I panic sold cuz I had to take a shit and couldn't see my TA charts. Didn't even hit my stop loss so if I had been in front of my pc I wouldn't have sold. Sooooo I'm getting a butt plug with my baby gains so next time I can just plug that shit up.
I dont think taking $300 profit is paper hands but ok
SELL NIO
🥭 dropped lawsuit in AZ. Joe is our tendy lord.
... IV crush
The options on SOLO are cheap AF, January 2022 7.5c are only 2.95$.  Volume is low but if this peaks then volume will be huge.
I have no clue I just know for certain that I will lose money
Baba ded im ded
When is that gonna happen
I’d be fine if it ends 119.
solo 12/18 $10 calls
Bc you’re gay
They didn't "make" anything because they don't sell for profit.  It's more fun to watch it crash and post loss-porn for reddit karma than have money.
It’s still overpriced and needs to fall another 3%
Baba is just getting wrecked. CCP does not fuck around.
i miss wizdaddy

u/PM_ME_PENNY_STOCKS
🤔 CEO and President of Planet Fitness both dump their shares then PTON takes a dump the next day.. puts on every form of fitness?
You're fine.  Early next week run up
Anticipating a red Friday was too obvious. I should have inversed.
You just need to buy the dip [https://imgur.com/a/tzrTldh](https://imgur.com/a/tzrTldh)
[deleted]
Nah, when you're that rich you either hunt people for sport or have sex with kids. He's 100% a people-hunter.
[deleted]
Seems like NIO bottom
Iv Crush. The IV was so high which meant that they expected an insane move in either direction. Since that did not happen the call option VEGA caused the options to crash
That much fell out of my versace robe while walking to the bathroom for a morning piss
you boys are high high if still clinging on to this beer flu bs, lmao
160k cases a day and rising. It’s inevitable
Watch out if it breaks 32-30
[deleted]
Young people spending their edit: (dead) grandparents money = stronger economy.
To many gay bears in nio now means it’s gonna recover
Omg I made one spelling error calm the fuck down, and it’s true. $LI cars are literally to slow to run on a freeway in any western country..
SOLO looks like it’s about to run again
party’s over go home
I think we go down soon, please?
Thanks :) probably gonna kiss this $100 goodbye lol
I just more in the dip idk what you mean
So nio weeklies (calls) are the move after today huh
No shit

From Moderna.
NIO volume is insane. Moving a percentage point every other second
wsb users investing in $ROPE after NIO crashes to...

<checks notes>

...slightly above where it was two days ago.
I've got some plays but it'll cost you if you profit
Wondering what’s gonna drop harder spy or IWM
Wrong way DIS
WHAAAAA
Citron fucked over so many weed companies back in 2018. that's what they do
Definitely does not sound legal. There's a whole concept of "piercing the corporate veil," where the govt can dissolve your corporation if they see you using it entirely for personal expenses. 

You're playing a *very* risky game with this strategy. My original point about charade after charade still stands.
The Citron guy is Discord CEO. Discord was the preferred chatting place for the Alt-Right. He's anti-China. Thats all there is too it. The report can be dismess as bullshit.
Get NIO calls while they’re down
I think it’s still going to move up before earnings. I think there’s too much volume everyday for it to sell off more
LOGI on a moon mission back to $90
Very
lol, now u know
Shawty wanna be in fast cars 200 on the dash, said she want me to nut inside her, I pull out and I 💦
[deleted]
We are getting shut downs and covid restrictions again ???
Over reaction to nothing.  Market is amazing in China and Nio is a leader.   Don't worry.
Who wants to degenerately gamble on GEN? Penny stocks let's go!
Bears have been wrong all year, yup bag holding my calls
LOL get fukt
[deleted]
Sssssssssh
Cause u have aids instead
Yes.
hahahaha jeez, i cut losses yesterday, might get back in now tho for more loss lol
The Chinese are going to wake up and boost NIO. I just know it
no its dying because of the CCP anti trust laws against BABA. For some reason now they're all for competitive markets  🤡
History in 1939:

Nazis and facism

WSB in 2020:

NIOnazis and NIOcism
Should I swing LI 45c 11/20 over the weekend? Or get out with small profit today
BABA has no idea what to do anymore
[deleted]
You really think Citron is gonna kill NIO? are u serious? NIO has a lot of juice left
CRSR let’s see a rip so I can exit and chill over the weekend.
Mirin
Lol, wallstreet getting back from lunch and seeing how Citron put a discount on NIO, GG
I would start browsing escort wbesites if I was you
Waiting for the 11/20 35c I wrote against my shares to expire worthless, then watch it pop!
Fuck, again?
Dear ZM,
F*ck you!
Spys not dumping but my portfolio is🤡
SPCE CALLS GOGOGOGO
I’ll buy more puts I will
Lmao it ran for straight couple of months. Show is over boi
You idiots killee nio
Hoping for that 2 o’clock push
Let me know how that goes.
yer dam right
deleted
God damn this meme format is A+
I’m Europoor and can buy NIO options. 

Find a different broker.
Americxns about to learn that the dragon always wins 🐉🐉
I swear he gets dumber by the day. He can easily google the answers to those questions.
Have you heard of SOL? It’s the NIO of solar energy.
unwise to call that while its still down there
anyone else trading across five platforms to avoid dtr? I’ve been doing so much better since never having to hold overnight
yup,got these 11/27 calls priced in
Ok now if BEST could never drop below 3 again then I’m Gucci.
NIO is being really squirrely right now
It is
What car you got
If I could come out of this with only  -70% loss, it would be a miracle
He will be in and out of a courtroom the rest of his life.
You have aids
How low are you thinking it will go post-earnings? Difficult to imagine what a post earnings dip even looks like for a stock that has basically doubled in a month—just a correction back to 25ish?
Rip it can only go up
And lockdown talks. I don’t get it
Citron author who said to take profits on NIO was long Luckin!
SRAC warrants and wait a year or three. Hit me up afterwards and give me 3% of winnings and im gonna be rich too
wtf
I wish RH let us buy 0DTE options
Nio gonna recover and close around 48
Put?
I’m buying futures in the housing market. Hoping to take possession.
was just thinking about hopping in, they due for a run right? good earnings? no?
when will I learn not to buy puts when I think the market is tanking and to buy build a bear workshop calls instead
They did not. Constantly at 0.03 - 0.05.
[deleted]
It'll be back up next week i believe
Down 3k myself
[deleted]
Lol, NIO go burrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
LMAO
Sometimes u gotta just risk it BA seems way to overvalued Covid cases rising i am 
Not usually a bear but this seems pretty obvious to get puts on
[deleted]
SOLO YOLO?
[deleted]
Where do you guys look at news? YouTube news and Twitter?
thats why I have poots.
THIS IS DEFINITELY NOT INSIDER TRADING, Buy SPY $350p 11/20 if you love your mom
I thought this was the 2nd wave, we're already on the 3rd wave?
Hold the line SPY 🐻
Next week is the rona death column jump
Yup, all the paper hand pussies are out now, it'll go to 60+ next week
AAPL, be nice and be green
Consider urself lucky, it's -500% for my side.
Here’s to being a millionaire by December
I understand what you mean now and I agree with you 100%. Betting against a strong upward trend requires insanely careful consideration and is generally a fools errand.
this morning was the best time to not FOMO into NIO. the second best time is now
pltr about to lift off... right?
PRPL taking off
Who’s the biggest threat to the market? Mango or Winnie the Pooh?
Whats up. Im good. Just blew up my account on that PLUG pump. U okay bro? Thanks for checking in
CHWY PT RAISED TK 90 ROOF ROOF RETARDS
Tis fuckin bullshit
Things are pumping?
I had 10$ C Jan 15, 2021 and I sold them in July now I have a bullet in my head
when is that
I bought some 1/15/2022 calls, hope to actually wipe my ass with tp by next year
>Datadog gave me 30 percent yesterday and took down 30 percent today. It hurts bros

What play would you do?
Feel like we gonna need a TeamNIO thread. I wanna see who got out and who got fried on 11/13 calls.
We’ll be fine
Could it be China is getting crushed by the whuhan flu and just not saying anything? Maybe that’s why baba is dying? 

NYC mayor just said schools could close Monday if we hit 3.0 infection rate % were at 2.87
lol, downvoted because...he's right?
r/agedlikemilk
it is super illegal, put the article out at market open to by puts at the top, watch it tank to oblivion then sell. Rinse and repeat on companies with massive run-ups. Totally cool, very Legal
Because jerking off wearing 10 different women’s gloves is considered a Covid low-risk activity
Ouch 😂
Literally me.
Went from +2700 to +1000
[deleted]
Solo then back in nio
Can we end the day at 350
NIO bagholders, what's the plan? We holding out for a return to $50 next week? Or we feeling pretty fucked right now?
Think we’ll see a nice runup on NIO?
Media portrayal and prosecution of T as an absolute fraud would most likely prevent someone like him ever getting into office again. Hmmm wonder if they make an example of him.
I would love to understand how PLTR is up 7% today but all the call options both in and out of the money still went down in value
lol if it wernt for citron I think I would've fomo'd into NIO today... and that would've prob been the top for now :S
[removed]
[deleted]
Been riding NIO long calls since $6calls...I'm buying 2 houses.
Solo actually going back up Canadian EV hopefully no China issues
I sold at 29 and im waiting for a dip to buy back in
I did! Bought a $47 put at close yesterday! Sold first thing this morning for a loss of $80!
Fuuuark brah we're all gonna make it 🥺
I don't think it'll go that low. I reckon bottom out 35-40
Sell off ain’t starting til we start getting shutdowns and trade restrictions again
Don't forget 9/11 counts of death almost every day
TY, figured it sounded to good to be true.
Smart man
were at the point where even the fed is struggling to push the market higher

that vaccine pump shouldve held, but it didnt
Yep that’s why Today was my last NIO play. We’ll ride this one out... from what I’ve been seeing for the past month or so, Friday’s and Monday’s are horrible days to make speculations.
I’m mad at them.. they did it on hand sanitizer, masks, swimming pools, even fucking coolers! God damn parasites on the working class
Sold WMT and JD, they keep climbing; holding NVDA HD they don't move
What r u fucken retarded or something? Like actually retarded?
Rumors of Rello shortage, Covid causing supply chain issues in South America. Fuck toilet paper get your boxes of cigarillos bois
If Elon has Covid, how much do y’all think it will influence the TSLA price?
Dead
Elon, my little love, you got the rona.
🔻↘️
Looks like im going to be holding these BABA bags for longer than expected :(
It hit 44 for a few seconds
[Bloomberg wrote an article about it](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-13/herding-by-naive-robinhood-traders-may-be-good-signal-to-short)
It still dipped. Whatever the reasons.
many small plays add up to make fortune. ride small dips and cash out quick.
[deleted]
Yeah, the actual car companies are going to eat the lunch of these small EV companies.  Tesla benefitted from having great battery tech and a charismatic psycho at the helm, but these other companies have nothing.
Any dead energy companies primed for a pump?
[deleted]
If you believe today's pump, I've got an idea for a Chinese Starbucks I'll sell you some shares in
Wallstreetboy fits this meme perfectly
Hey bro are you there? Everything okay?
so nio is gonna have a huge run up right?
[removed]
I keep buying and it keeps going down. Problem is if the market overall sells off it’s going to be double fucked
You mfs really made thousands in NIO only to lose it in ONE red day
Shorts gunnna cover EOD and we going green af
I'm not letting some orange juice company take my NIO tendies away
Solo likely still has room to run fast, Nio likely to cool off first.
Is that a subreddit?
BIGC stands for Big Cunt.
all in preflight against durr
Krassenstein lol
Yeah the stock market has lost all structural value and integrity. Done with this shit.
[deleted]
Follow the trend. If it sells, panic sell. If it goes up, golden rule. STONKS only go up
This is a short squeeze and SP is going down? 🤡🤡🤡
yo, let's start an EV company and get priced on growth, too. Where is Masa Son when we need him?
Yeah Canada so free of any China issues from the Donald
😂
CRSR gang been quiet. Whatcha guys up to?
Jk. See you Monday.
oh sorry...i thought that might be the case after i responded...but this is WSB so anything is possible haha
Spitting in woman's coffee doesn't count.
I agree two to three years behind but the demand still isn’t there right now. Evs only make up 3% of total car sales so why focus on them when the demand isn’t there yet? People have been so optimistic about evs which is the biggest driver behind these evaluations but often times that optimism falls flat on its face especially in terms of sales
It’s way lower than it was before earnings. Check the charts.
? My bae PLTR is doing great
SPY living in make believe world, ath with covid cases 150k+ a day gonna look real good for the headlines lol
[deleted]
01/2022 15c? I’ve been eyeing those.
It either happens or it doesn't, so 50%, same as the odds of an option ending up in the money.
After my stonks get assigned imma go all in on pltr and nio. 2023 most likely. So yeah, I'm breaking up with you.
I’m no good at word problems
Do i just keep buying baba? Looks like its getting fucked
Rh glitch?
Ban this babydick bitch
It’s only gambling if you make it that way.
Tards buy high sell low
AMD has been nothing but a disappointment these last 3 months or so. Just flat chested.
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327306685459869697?s=19

Basically seals the election imo.
[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327306685459869697?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327306685459869697?s=20)

 \*TRUMP CAMPAIGN DROPS ITS LAWSUIT IN ARIZONA, CNN REPORTS
Has their ever been a worst time to play the market?  There are a million excuses for it to cripple your position, yet it’s impossible to time it.  Musical chairs
lol grabbed the 2023 and just forgot about it.
This is more about collective degenerate gambling than EVs but I think we all know that. Anyways, buying more calls NIO to moon!
foolish??
Lol i tried to sell this NIO 45p 11/13 at open to salvage something.  No open interest on it so i just cancelled the order and called it a loss.  Surprise surprise after i just got done detailing my car.
Where the Alt Right used to chat it up. He clearly dislikes China for personal reasons. That fucker lol
[deleted]
I was being sarcastic, it makes no sense.
Nio always gives a peek at the next week a few days early for a couple hours.
It makes sense in terms of BABA revenue. But seems like Xi is still flexing
[deleted]
About a tree fiddy, yeah.
lol solo already a 500MM company with nothing :S lets make this the next nkla!
Has anyone told VIX about the impending shut down? I don't think it got the memo.
No.
Olympics 2021:  Toyota unveils its solid state battery tech that will blow away the competition.  Then reality sets in that small EV companies will get dominated by the big boys in the market who have the best engineers in the world.  Toyota was supposed to showcase their solid state battery during this year's olympics, but it is already planned for production in 2025.  The EV hype is currently based on ridiculous projections and growth for 5-10 years and beyond, as if they won't have any significant competition from the likes of companies like TM who'll have vastly superior battery tech.
[deleted]
Is the worst of the dip over? Fuuuark
It's unironically going to bounce back to 52 on Monday after people forget about Citron. It's also closing at 48 today after people buy the dip
[deleted]
PALANTIR $16!!!
Got my fingers in too many holes. Can't wait for this shit to expire. Moron.
They are looking at some real estate now
Buy $18,000 worth of NIO 3 months ago. There.
[deleted]
me too brother
The guy is total fraud
**I am Not Selling.**
More Americans are currently hospitalized with Covid-19 than at any other point in the pandemic, a grim indicator that the third big wave of cases in the US may be the worst wave to date.
#bullish
Not a NIO fan boy as well. But hate seeing ppl panic sell at the lows and panic buy at the highs
JWN puts? seems a little overhyped
Should I take my $500 from pton 108c 12/04 and make a diff move for the weekend?
[deleted]
Bold move posting this before EOD
Same. Has happened to me on GTN and CTCM in the past. Made money on FOXA but don't like it here with the incoming MAGA network
Dorsey looks like a homeless islamic terrorist living under a SF bridge
HTZ Calls
Because you’re retarded
Are you seriously this retarded? It ONLY dipped because of Citron whose short seller. 

Do people not see this??
Canada i think
Take your meds crazy
I have ZM 320p as my gamble play next week.
Lol good thing i sold right before this became a meme
He definitely has the look
Institutions and insiders are the majority of shareholders anyway. This is a short squeeze.
Just buy stocks or leaps. Pltr is longterm play
Both
Papa musk is in denial

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327305722384719872
Ty!
Can y'all remind me look at your loss porn when NIO hits 25$
I honestly dont know how what they are doing isnt super illegal
This is the way
SELL NIO SELL NIO
No one cares about your cracker jack losses
It's all good.  If QQQ doesn't gape me, then TB will.
probably gonna bottom around 25 then bounce back up to 30-35 and then slowly start climbing from there next year. if you want to diamond hand till you break even, youll most likely be holding till 2021. hype is over snd earnings wernt that great. plus with the new president only backing US based EV, they are in a bad spot now and i dont see another run in the future of 2020 for them.
my venmo is a good place to lose it (serious)
This is why it's going lower.
[HOLY SHIT, CHECK NIO TWITTER 🚀](https://youtu.be/i8a3gjt_Ar0)
RIP Alibaba... it’s been a short and miserable ride
All in on SOLO or NIO?
I want one just because.
TWO is better than one
Wish I didn’t do that yesterday. Should have waited
Ccp probably hacking citron rn
Spy 370c 11/20
All in nio xpev solo.
The lunch dip was a climb. 360 at close.
Transporting it is a mere fraction of the issue, the receiving party needs to be able to store it effectively: your local pharmacy / doctor doesn't have the equipment for it. Vaccinating hundreds of millions in a span of months is simply not feasible with these vaccines.
cheap 11/27s.
Glad I didn't fall for that bull trap on NIO.
Yeah Couldn’t resist the joke lol. But yeah TBS, CNN, etc. definitely worth a look into though political spending going to go wild in that state till January
Imagine thinking earnings will only drop it 10% when it’s doubled in 6 weeks
Depends on how far out. They kept PTON down in the 20s for a few months
LMAO, I feel bad for all the dumb fucks who actually believe you. It’s like the blind leading the blind. Maybe you should google what a P/E ratio is, as well as market cap.
How much have you made so far? $3.50?
What strike and expiry?
Yep that’s why I just closed it lol
This aged well
#NIOtards: 

#😳 GUH

#🤡🤡🤡
🤣🤣
2 words: retail dip buyers and algos 

Big money has been cash gang for a while, hence the low volume, but that doesn't keep prices from moving since there are buyers and MMs can still make money out of it
It would take the US decades to even get close to that point.  The country was built with cars in mind, not public transportation.  There is just a complete lack of infrastructure.
If we gap up my account is gone lmao
Yep, pinning wasn't good enough for them.  
Instead of letting both the calls and puts expire, they want to double dip and sell more puts in the process.
I am not selling my Zoom Puts, am down 80% 300p 11/20
Too bad I don’t know what calls and puts are. Just learned to buy/sell shares! 😂
December... too soon.
A lot of retail investors missed the TSLA run but they are not willing to miss these new Chinese EV run.

After all retail invertors sells, institutions will load up. 

NIO, XPEV, LI to $100 EOY 🚀🚀🚀
Citron are bears who missed out on great buying opportunities and are BIG mad about it so they try and short these companies they preached were overvalued so they're poots don't expire worthless. Fuck Alex
I was sweating over some $50c's I sold around 11:30 EST to take advantage of the fucking 400% IV.  Very quickly went to 80% gain and I closed them out.
I'm so conflicted. I have a trailing limit sell but may cancel
Let me hold a few shares, I’ll pay you back on the first.
i have played a bunch of regional telecom over the years. it's not a bad play, but you can get stuck holding some real stinkers.
Go to r/stocks or r/investing if you want upvotes man they would straight up beat your dick off.
So I bought five 340p 12/31 just now
You can go cash, just don’t withdraw. Do any of the fuckin retards know the difference between non taxable and taxable events?
Good luck to us my fucking Nio brother. I’m pulling for you and the rest of us.
Just liquidate it yourself and declare bankruptcy. Easy money
And you’re only up because of Citron. This wouldn’t be below 52 if that didn’t come out so what’s your rationale holding over weekend with ER Tuesday?
Short selling articles aren’t illegal dumbass. They have a disclaimer saying they have a short position in nio.
Anyone follow JAMF?
There is absolutely no way it gaps up on Monday, I swear to god this shit is just pure manipulation
All in nio and solo lotto tickets best ones tbh
When JKS blew up it lost something like 25% of its value in one day. NIO is like 15% off of its high today right now and looks to maybe be recovering. I guess we'll see whether or not it drills EOD. The Citron thing, idk what to think of it.. guess we'll see if NIO can hold strong or not.
Moderna trial results next week. Should be just as effective as the pfizer one.
Lost 200$ being greedy on nio. Rebought at 45 opinions on holding through earnings? I want my moneh bak
I remember when I sold SOLO for 6 bucks! That felt good.
the window is next week. I believe the 19-22.
[deleted]
you are all brainwashed jack dorsey is a child rapist. Thank you for listening to my ted talk.
You sound like a child. Grow up.
Not quite the same level as this. Im still a NIO fan boy but i cut my losses, and plan on coming back in
Question why did you bought solo?
Your 37.5C is below the market and your post suggest increases
The “insiders” in 🥭s circle are about as factual as the “election fraud” cases 🥭 has been standing behind... both are devoid of any truth
Prepare to get downvoted again
Well yes... CCP can literally make the company disappear overnight.
RIP RKT, PLTR and NIO boys.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/js5m7m/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_11_2020/gbyoyfs/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
[deleted]
It’s the lunchtime pump and dump, don’t be fooled
[deleted]
Weeklies on spy puts and vxx calls. spy chart looks fake and sus af
Nio movin violent
[removed]
I was literally just wondering this.
BABA is getting bought for cheap.
🤡🤡🤡
Solo is dumb 3 wheel nonsense. Won’t work.
Thank you for wishing me well 

Hopefully I did the right thing 

I bought at ipo
Citron just wants cheap calls. Don’t be fooled, buy the dip.
I got li (10c), xpev (1), NIO(7) 
Getting Ripppped in the ass right now. But they’ll go up together on Monday. These Chinese ev companies play together.

I’ll take my small profit before the earnings and wait for the next round
You could be right, because I honestly have no idea how we’re so green today
Well guess what you little fuck Morty. LIFE IS A FUCKING GAMBLE!!! GOTTA RISK IT ALL TO WIN BIG YOU LITTLLLEEE BIIIIIITTTTTCHH
I don't because i can't even see that as a tradeable strike
MM know something we don't. Gap up over the weekend again IMHO
Sir this is wendies
Fuv earnings thoughts?
Me too. But I lose mine next week.
Got downvoted for calling the short-term NIO top today fyi :   
[/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc58dw4?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
The stock market or china... tard 

&#x200B;

jk this guy is on robinhood
There's still time to pick up some dirt cheap TWO leaps
Bought at same price, but still in... don’t know what to do with it at this point.
imagine bagholding GME
He prolly thinking short squeeze
Pump and dump LAC again, got it
Gain $3.6 on AAPL dividends 😎

Lose $100 on AAPL calls 🤮
Lmao so bears who got fat profits in bio, yelling at bulls for not taking profit, may be blasted for not taking profit
Jihad Its a God Damn race word brotha
Yep. Bought more shares at $45.50. $50 EOD.
If $SPY holds above $357 for the next few mins I think we’re in a for a nice post lunch rally.
NIO Bears sweating right now... there’s no possible way right? Impossible
Fringe
Down 30 percent on spy puts 🤡
GO back to the main page you shill.
SPY calls or puts, flip a coin
Why? They flat af
The support will come if NIOs earning report highlights the massive government funding. sentiment is a bit sour now but no for long I believe
Nio bottom, china buying the dip
Friendship with NIO ended. New best friend SOLO
I'd pay to see him get arrested. I'd pay even more to see him in front of a judge.
Datadog gave me 30 percent yesterday and took down 30 percent today. It hurts bros
NIO OI says it probably closes 47-48 today.
NIO going to 400! Sit tight!
Holy 💩
Crude oil price going down , covid cases up . bP making back it's losses from yesterday . And I'm over here like o.O
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-13/herding-by-naive-robinhood-traders-may-be-good-signal-to-short

Stop using Robinhood
Nio bottomed out. It’s going back up from here
Wish I had some damn day trades right about now
LAC pumping. ride the dips and you'll make some good cash
Nope. Their growth is slowing.
lol
jesus u retards are affecting solo price hahaha
Imagine betting on BABA to go up when the CCP is after them...
Oh they knew what they were doing. They bought the dip
A sucker is born everyday
My $F 2022 leaps are lowkey just sitting in the background spitting out dollars.
[deleted]
nobody makes the first jump. not even NIO
Why
How is SPY even up right now? Honestly I don’t understand how could someone actually give me a valid reason why? The market has lost all fundamentals
damn low volume pump the entire day then
it does? they're all up like 5% haha
XPEV > NIO right now
PALANTIR LOOKIN BULLISH AF
More like 4 out of the original 40 I had lol. Same with Tesla but they don’t give me those sweet constellation dividend prizes.
Solo on the go-go.
Oh 100% i completely agree .If you have a quantifiable edge in mean reversion strategies so be it, but I am saying too many new traders try to step in too early when a stock is breaking out. it is all about context to be honest. I am not poo pooing mean reversion traders because i employ some setups that involve this.

 I am saying generally a problem for new traders is fighting trends when they have just started. Not everyone in retail has the advantage of scaling in/averaging in order to have a good cost basis. Therefore, they need to be more precise in their entries. 

Playing the short side definitely needs tactical precision opposed to the long side where you can be more loose on entries.
[deleted]
Yep
It's settling in a small channel. Look at the 3m. Could be next week could be next month could be never.
Hopefully SOLO will treat me better than NIO did today.
Bears make money. Bulls make money. Pigs also make money. Fuckin NIO to 100.
Can you post that report?
Just slammed off the VWAP at 44
hold nio puts over the weekend?
back to tsla guys, nio is dead
Let's go FB
Dump them puts boy retard strength is BACK
So close to 100% game completion achievement. When I got there they just sent me this stupid silver medal that says bankrupt. It’s not even sterling silver
All in on BABA calls today
It’s not FOMO if you look at a pic of William Li and shout ”NO FOMO!” while buying calls.
I hope you guys are proud of finding the Communist Chinese Party with all your loses.
SQ cup and handle?
Who's holding bags full of NIO puts?
tree fiddy
People started buying NIO, XPENG dip.oh boy let’s see how it will end.
NIO 45 is now support, don't @ me!
I feel personally attacked. 


WABALABADUBDUB duduuddooooont buy NIO FUCK BAGS!
[removed]
Monday when more lockdowns announced boomer stocks go down.
Why wouldnt it? The only reason its down today is because cintron released information everyone already knew and scared people into selling
jesus christ, thank you. it's almost like purposeful idiocy. How retarded can i make people think i am?
Is this... not a correction? Are you thinking post-earnings?
nio nio nio nio i dont nio trade anything other than nio nio did you see the nio dip nio
[deleted]
Fiat money going to zero anyway
[removed]
Nvda bro
Covid cases rising so ofc they gonna rise
Haha so underrated DAE china stocks?
Agreed. What signs are we looking for?
so is the 737 max gonna fly, thinking about grabbing BA calls for the MRNA vaccine news and the 737 max certification
Waiting for the Bears just to declare a Jihad on NIO at this point
Its already recovering after the morning sell off.  Its hitting oversold levels and will rebound.
DAILY REMINDER V SHAPED RECOVERY ON MEME CALLS
Citron CEO Andrew Left looks like a fucking crooked plumber from NJ how the fuck is this guy moving the market I wouldn’t even let him in my house to fix the toilet
WMT earnings play could be Disney like
Ya did good kid ya did good
Uhhh bullish? https://twitter.com/hkrassenstein/status/1327218805114875904?s=21
It will go down over the weekend though, people are sketched out. Theyll come back in when the dust settles.. Im all for riding the dips but that was too much for 1 hour
r/babystreetbets
Try 46p, .07 to 5.40 high...


NOT ME
NIO after hearing Citron’s thoughts:
https://i.imgur.com/eyIZTWe.jpg
The First 100 reminds me of lost
Starting to think COVID really is priced in at this point. Just don't see how that's possible, but here we are.
what makes you say this? they arent even chinese?
Fuck I hope you are right.
If iv wasn’t so high I’d believe that.
1/15/21s
Bruh I always be telling them what they need to do is cop a crib
All in on NVDA, already 20% negative
THIS LIL PUMP BEAR KNOW THIS BAD BOY NIO GONNA DUUUUUMP HARD
:S ehhh.... even dragon dens people didnt want to invest in solo :S but ride the hype I suppose rofl
I can believe it, although I kinda don't want to... I'm like. You know, I want money because that's useful. But I *really* want to understand stuff and how it works
I want to hammer it, but baba has taken $$$$ from me this week. Ride SOLO team for the best short pump of your life!
Sentiment’s gone sour and no clear and feasible support. I hope I’m wrong. Exited every one of my NIO positions.
BABA did $100 billion in sales in 11 days and has a market cap of half a trillion. For prospective $100,000,000,000 is what Amazon makes in a year. It’s down 20% in the last month. 

When tech stops acting gay, BABA is going to be making outrageous gains. Looking like an absolute steal right now
what do you think happened to his Oct calls?
[deleted]
Hey first gold thank you :)
[deleted]
Well yeah I had it too but they have no action anymore. I guess if ev stocks go to shyte or smth Apple will get back into spotlight, but for now they’re strictly long term play, which is not for me 🤷🏼‍♀️
Puts before ER
Glad to hear it... I stayed out as well, but they probably printed a little bit into yesterday afternoon before being absolutely worthless this morning lol
But nio puts? 😏
1.73 book value means you bought what, in Nov 2019? That’s significantly earlier than the buzz around this stock. What was it that made you see the value here or was this just a Hail Mary or part of a larger play?
I am. Bought puts on NIO and PTON this morning. Looking for NIO to dip down to 40-42 before earnings. PTON, I'm looking for a bigly drop to 80s.
Boomer stocks winning!
I’m thinking, I’d rather throw my money at something easier to predict
leave it to some guy that runs a dog sled racing team to show me
Boring
ikr?
Don't even try to talk logic on Reddit. Even though WSB was it's own bubble, it will still be invaded by the morons on the main page. They are Pro Vaccines, Pro Corona virus killing the entire population, pro Biden, pro anything that's retarded. You can't reason with them. They will just gang downvote, because they can't accept facts or have a logical debate.
SPY just gaping my poots
All I need is it to go up 20% by EoD, that's not too much to ask
lol, either way it would be gone now anyway, and maybe you'd have a (worse) coke addiction
Solo is ready to moooone
Everyone who's now bearish on NIO should do some DD. BTFD 👀
Nah Pfizer fucked me before the Chinese could
Either the big boys are accumulating BABA at the moment or it's fighting for its life and barely hanging on.
V shape recovery btw, lol

🦾
The Negroni. Love it.
Recovery stocks all up, something we don’t know?
Die $NIO!
[deleted]
Ccl with a 7 percent day
Means you’re a gay bear
What about some 11/27s.. dropped a pretty penny on those
😢
what’s going on
My boss’s wife who works in upper management at Beaumont hospital network
NIO lower highs, lower lows. Careful!
44 is the bottom
Yeah because funds have been accumulating shares for next leg up.
Paper handed 1/3 of my SNE calls couple days ago and punching the air a bit about it.
Wtf are you trying to say
Lol welcome back
bears r fuk lol 🌈🐻
I got in low 22s :) so not that bad I am still up 200% was up 500% yesterday
Buy TSLA
Wow, can’t be serious.  Lolol
You should write articles for millenials on how to stop being so frivolous with their money. "Drink tears, eat sand, and pay $1600 a month to live in a roach infested closet and youll be well on your way to functional poverty before you know it!"
Okay me
Sounds a lot like what retards were saying about COVID and supply lines late Jan, early Feb.
Sold for 145% profit. Should’ve held longer. The option flow on your website shows someone paid $808k for NIO $43p 11/13 and $965k for NIO $44p 11/13 in the last hour. That’s some big balls to think it’s going to keep falling today. I was sweating bullets when it rose to 8% this morning haha
Lost $6k
SOLO IS THE NEXT $15 MEME STOCK!
Load up on Nordson calls for June 2021.

Message me if you want details. Fuck the SEC.
What’s your next move?
I hope to be like you one day
Fuck no, always plays to be made. The rest of the week was easy mode until today though. Ended up doing staggered puts on SIX since the vaccine rally won’t last. Will keep buying them if the top isn’t in yet
You do know it says 300k in 2016 right? Not today.
Robinhood traders busy refreshing for PS5 right now.
Xi Jinping just sent me a text, it said 


现在我们上去

Can someone translate?
Oh no, I’m not looking for it to hit that low. I just don’t want to buy more when it’s +6.5% right now. If there’s a dip to 15 today, gonna snag some more. Tested 15 and came right back up.
Have you fucking lost your mind?
Lmaoooo
Jesus Christ, the IV on NIO is insane. I’m gonna make 100 bucks per put sold EXPIRING TODAY. 

God bless EVs
You might like Battlestar Galactica
[deleted]
Rotation into solo
Its good
Skepticism is good. Citron are (a bad word that reddit's prick admins won't let you say) though, the only thing that I keep in the back of my mind about $NIO, is that it's a Chinese company. Ignoring that though, fuck fundamentals, EVs are the future.
Can't have a Black Swan Event if everything is a Black Swan Event 🤔
Then, there is a partnership with Beyoncé...so that makes it more than a bike with an iPad. 

I think the success of any workout equipment is that it needs to fit neatly under your bed. They used to say that in the ads. You get paid for the product and everybody forgets about it after one week. Money making machine.
You son of a bitch, I’m in.
Because of IV. 
If NIO is under $70 at expiry, you can keep the premium and the underlying (shares). 
If NIO closes above, then you have to deliver 500 shares and you can also keep your premium. 

If your calls get exercised, you gain more because you sold your shares at a nice profit + the premium.

Oh and some brokers aren’t correct in displaying the p/l.
it will close around 44-47 today. then premarket down to 44. Then earnings day after, dropping it to 38-42 range again. ill buy back in then.
I’m just chilling with shares for now. Trying to read/watch a lot. ty for the advice
I want to see ANYONE holding NIO puts over the weekend. 

I’ll wait.
Camel toes
going to happen this winter
Absolutely. Guaranteed they got paid bags of cash to publish that
https://www.autocar.co.uk/car-news/new-cars/dead-ringers-history-chinese-copycat-car

If anyone thinks the Tesla factory in China exists for something other than intellectual property theft....
Sorry not yoloing as in buying options. Yoloing as in spending too much money on drugs, alcohol, women, travel, etc. I found out about options when I was 30.
sell to 35 until midweek back up to 40 ahead of earnings
Figuring out what is going on here at Earth is hard, bets on Space
What the fuck kind of retard math is this?
Baba is dead
Aged well. Prime cut
nothing screams retardation more than referring to shares as stocks. It's one fucking stock and you held 10k shares of it......then sold them all like a nitwit. LOL!
like the blow off top today? lol but citron popped it before it happened
[deleted]
Im just messing with you bro 😆
If it hits 30.00 you’ll lose  $41 dollars.
I KNOW I FUCKING SOLD RIGHT before the dip cashed out 700 oh fuck me
[removed]
[deleted]
What do you mean getting exposed?
Go LOOOOONG.
rotation into rug pull
Gin, sweet vermouth, and Campari
[deleted]
Its immoral for tesla to hold 400
#     👀

#     🌚

#👁️👄👁️

#🗣️ NIO 

#🤡🤡🤡
Take it to small time bets cunt
Do you have like 10 shares?
Looks like a pump and dump penny stock lmao
NIO dumps today and moons next week. it was foretold.
I just pulled trigger on this and hope you are correct sir!
Fack me
It just dropped to yesterday’s price lol, it’s really not that big of a deal
But the NIO dip now because it will never be $40 again.
Yoooo saaammmeee! Do we hold? I’m almost 60% down.
This is hardly a dip. Correction coming soon
One day spy will leave its world of make believe and return to reality. I just hope I live to see it
Why
So you thinking long puts?
I've replied to you once. And I didn't reply to what I thought was a stupid question. It has nothing to do with companies being involved in the military or not, and everything to do with politics. Remember when Trump banned Chinese Steele from Canada for national security? Read between the lines bro. Life isn't what you see in front of your face.
when you sell options it always shows as a negative you noob
Haha seems accurate
Wasnt the top
Yes I am cash this weekend
lol, way to miss the point.
[deleted]
i pulled one contract too I hope this can erase my losses
[deleted]
it's actually a percentage so no matter how much you have it's an even playing field. 90% of your account funds in the first year up to 50 years funds your tuition. 95% for Robinhood users.
CiTroN saId 25
Will bump in the next weeks once you’re wrecked. Then I’ll bump once a year thereafter. Call it a Shit-Cake day for your stupidity.
FREE SOLO
[removed]
Well, after losing 100% of my money (which admittedly was only a couple grand) from March - September, I just bought my first option in over 2.5 months.

Did I learn anything? Nope. Bought a way OTM $305 SPY put expiring on December 18th. Basically it was a $100 lotto ticket. Let’s see what happens.
yes says the guy with feb 19 25c
just dont buy fucking weeklies
48
Hahaha that’s insane Nkla is still going
You’re the man! Enjoy your tendies! But also fuck you
Hey, I bought PLTR 11/20 20$ calls. Will this be up bigly monday morning?
NIO delivered 12,206 vehicles in the third quarter of 2020.  The NIO EP9 holds the record for fastest lap at Nurburgring Nordschleife.
LMFAO Citron getting exposed. They're going to get investigated for that one for sure.
Does GIN and orange juice taste good together? I also have aromatic bitters and some grenadine.
I bought 0dte SPY puts 🤡
You did
[deleted]
Don’t look at fundamentals, MEMEs are forever
[deleted]
I don’t think you understand the amount of money China is putting behind EV. You’d be very surprised. Tbh the stock is undervalued for what it’s potential is
Hahahaha
Watching the Nio bulls last night vs this morning. There is some serious fuckery afoot on this sub.
[deleted]
Happens every week literally
[deleted]
[deleted]
What a nerd
They don’t want to limit your options. The job hiring process can be a very grey area. Obviously they have options and if you do too, they want you to explore them. Hiring managers jobs aren’t the best to be honest. It sucks when you have to tell a great person no and see their faces wallowing in sadness. If you made it far in the interview and felt positive vibes in the end. I would be positive you secured the job. Let us know if you got it. Hoping for the best for ya
If citron had any effect on this then PLUG would be skyrocketing today and it’s not
Sell sell sell, the 2:45pm dump is going to be a fire sell
[deleted]
Wtf nio is racist?? 🤬
Friday’s are generally flat, nothing new

EDIT: Also lunch time
PLTR $17 end of day!
Up 13% now
"Bog, He did it. He Panic Sold NIO." 

**"He Sold?.... Pahmp Eeit."**
This happened Tuesday morning. Fell off a cliff. It's so funny to see sentiment change on a dime.
Seriously, did they announce some sort of news? It was down a little this morning that jumped.
No you get premium up front
NIO open $53 Monday
It's a weird narrative now because COVID is exploding RIGHT now, but there's vaccine news. Stay at home tickers and reopening stocks are all over the place. SPY and QQQ don't know what to do. Cruiselines are shipping out as viral petri dishes.  Inflation? Deflation? Stagflation? Who knows?

Therefore, NKLA is the safest safe haven for your wealth and has pumped 7% today
I sold my XPENG 

Will return in the future 

Wanted to secure my profits
Watching Lost for a little bit for the 3rd time. Any shows like this?
CEO of Discord
This are some nice puts you're holding.

Be a shame if it where to end green today 🤷‍♂️
😳
Ofc WMT spiking after I sell lol
$46. Jump on
Everyone pumping solo now😂
You’re supposed to wait to the end of the day and let it expire over $70 then Robinhood buys the calls then sell them and you make the difference.  rip it’s a learning process
PLTR +18 Jan 15?
I have a feeling that a bunch of cities and states will announce lockdowns once the market closes.
Nio is going back to 25$
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
BABA   300.0|2.48|2.51|2.48|-1.17|42.98%


BABA 300.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc6622f&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I sold shares yesterday and took profits, bought 51p this morning at 1.36/e  sold them at 4.45/e, paper hands lol
I told y'all SOLO stabilized and would be ready to take off
NiO 55 bY fRiDaY

fucking idiots
And everyone else is learning from California’s (larger population than Canada) mistake. 

https://investors.gtigrows.com/investors/news-and-events/press-releases/press-release-details/2020/Green-Thumb-Industries-Reports-Revenue-of-157.1-Million-and-Positive-Net-Income-of-9.6-Million-or-0.04-Per-Share-for-Third-Quarter-2020/default.aspx 

just one company being profitable with no banking access and all those taxes and selling a federally illegal product.
what we thinking NIO opening at Monday?
[deleted]
Shld have bought puts when it was up 10%, not dow 5% lmao
Shit disappeared faster than my father.
BABA 300c 12/18 thoughts? Its at 2.5
More than you paid.
It'll plateau
What if i told you Covid is actually priced in now
trade something else
Atta boy
360
We might get a Moderna vaccine pump over the weekend... Because that would add up perfectly.
I bought 2 puts at .58 only to get out at 50% 
Blows...
Or that it happened on a Friday. They obviously do not want to pay out those 11/13 50c, since there's 20k OI on those.
A lot.
200k by thanksgiving then it will drop to around 150k till Christmas with an upward trajectory
By Monday he will have invented a testing machine with 100% accuracy. He's just trying to hype it up.
reddit enhancement suite should work bud
[deleted]
 🧂🧂🧂
r/homework
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/CulturalArmadillo4 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
BYND is only going up from here
Same. Watching it crawl it's ass back up now. GG
But stock go up so much it must go down.

Literally my boomer fathers logic. 

NIO 11/20 $50
[You're going to trust this nobody on NIO? 🤦🏻‍♂️ ](https://www.crunchbase.com/person/jason-citron)
https://www.optionsprofitcalculator.com/
nobody tell him.
Palantir is going to have covid contact tracing with the UK 🇬🇧
Buying 6 nio 45p 11/20 with $500 worth of shares as a hedge for weekend avg down on this for earnings
If it reverses I’ll have a heart attack
Before BABA I was up $125,000 from the spring.  Luckily my XPEV and JMIA calls blunted the BABA hit.  I also just made some money with my DIS and F LEAPS.
Good luck man. I hope you didn't lose any money. I didn't go in on that one.
DED
My newly bought NIO 49C for next Monday WILL BE MY QUEEN’s GAMBIT.
Like Tesla?
I actually did about 2 weeks ago expiring today. Cried myself to sleep every night seeing all the gain porn. Might sleep well tonight.
CELH

bunch of fat bastards love calorie burning drinks.
Rockets don't go up and down. They go straight to the moon.

Note: not an astronaut
Calls homie
It's called mean reversion and it is a trading technique.
WMT is such a great fucking stock that no one talks about
it would be if i could have gotten the new xbox, but all the fucking pan handlers bought them up only to resell them. i'm not mad at them im just sad.
Then do it?

Oh wait you realize it only fell because of ONE short sellers article.
The whole world dies in Jan 2021
Sure, 50x LTM Rev multiple, 20+x NTM rev multiple. Sells less than half of what TSLA sells and even TSLA does not trade at that.

Not to mention TSLA has Elon + energy trade + solar + autonomous driving + factories across the world when building most of the supply chain + first mover and brand advantage going for it

Yeah. def undervalued NIO is.
Here i am again

Up 41% on jan 21 ford $10 calls
Fml

Just 1 contract rofl

https://ibb.co/610kpFv
https://ibb.co/BzKF5Hg
Lol nobody cares
RIP was walking my dog and missed selling my NIO puts
Everyone knows tesla is overvalued but nobody wants to sell
pumping up the billionaire boys club stocks for what could be a really bad monday
So Socrates said “Buy the dip - Socrates”. 
Alright. 403C 11/27.
Yup, agreed. 90% of revenue is from retained customers. Once they get their bald eagle talons in you, you’re not going anywhere. A large amount of room to grow. Buying more shares on the next dip.
WMT green boner
More aggressive Walmart spikes. Get in now
pretty soon
[deleted]
Solo 7.50 eod
[deleted]
After losing 18k my remaining apple shares paid out a solid $2 in dividends today. Is it time for me to get back in the game?
More like $69
QSR WEED CPX CP are my picks
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
What's wild is JKS managed to more than triple in a month. In the last month, NIO was like x2.25 or something. Wouldn't be surprised if there was another epic rally into a blowoff top somewhere in the 60s
Nikola DIE! stop going up!
I got a $45P at the tip this morning can't decide to hold or not
Anyone cashing out and holding cash for the weekend?

I sold NIO calls at the top today. Dont know of i want to sit out for Friday
set a 25% trailing stop loss on SOLO and it triggered... now it's taking off again. RIP
[deleted]
[deleted]
SOLO back on the move
Priced on growth potential, lol
solo coming back up
Citron is from r/investing lol
Cant trust chinese stocks
Close the app
I live in a refrigerator box and bought in at 53
SNE $91c 12/18. BELIEVE ME
Life would be better without those two
[deleted]
True haha but there’s so much gain porn it makes sense
Not until the options expire. Right now it’s showing your loss if you were to buy to close right now
I slept through having way more money this morning
Looking at the OI on NIO calls 45-50 today. Can't wait for the loss porn.
Nice I bought 12/31/ 16 and those are up nicely as well
If BYND could tank I would like that
Take a drink every time you read "Nio" - makes for a fun Friday!
Oh I thought you got it right away?
you're a retard.
They will sell
Saw it peaked at 54 this morning and now 45. Lmao. All those 11/13 calls with strikes 54..52..51... 46 getting rekt
I'm up 250% and still hodling

Sink this pig
Sold NIO puts, bought $61 calls for 11/20
The option value will slowly go to 0 and you will get your gains that is if it stays below 70...
Btw...I have puts on AAL and DAL...getting killed 😭
It is
DKNG is basically flat after earnings if you consider the 3% rise AH yesterday. Why man. Why.
of course.  but if you can lose lose the amount of your investment and you can make 100% in a day on a momentum play and 1000's of percent on stupid gambles, hoepfully you stay positive over time.
Who bought NIO at the top LMFAOOOO
yep sold both at open
[deleted]
Ah.  I’ll buy the fuck out of puts then.
Yeah, no big volume spikes at all, weird as hell
Don't worry bro. There are always more plays  out there. Currently there isn't anything that is a screaming buy, but I  think Tesla and Amazon are on the oversold side. Just compare to other big tech and they've sold off more since the September 1st peak. Both are due for another bull breakout imo
Buy spreads now
[deleted]
PLTR BABYY
Karma is a bitch 🥳
[deleted]
🥳smarter than I
The fofafo hasn’t been the same since the excluded the double stack. SAD!
Bro NIO is over don’t put your money into it
I’m down 30% on my January $290s. I’m holding.
Heh, once my plan was to become a professor as well. Didn't work out that way
BABA about to pop
Here i am again up 41% on a call.

Just one.

Ford, as always.
Can we please just have a good dip on SPY? The last 2 weeks have been so frustrating and I'm not even shorting anything. Give me SPY 330 and I'll go all in
The real question is, who reads Citron and reacts to a hit piece full sail
who is ready for nio to get spanked? tempted to buy puts
why is spy being so lame today, boring
[deleted]
These lock downs are gonna be LIT
NIO back down to 25
Are you retarded or something
I don’t see this hitting below 10 again considering how today has gone thus far. The smart money is gonna be on those little dips we keep seeing, before you know it, it will be “I don’t see this hitting below 20 again” etc
I got burned by hindenburg and fucking citron for the same hit job on the same industry
Donkey Kong
Sold 90%
[removed]
The short squeeze next week is going to be sweet.
What makes you say that?
+370k
[deleted]
[deleted]
That'd be sick
is 0dte options still not available for rh
It’s the stuff in oranges
Who else is in on AYRO?
You still receive the premium when your shares get called away. Only down side is you miss out on potential gains if it blows past your strike. Only lose the money if you buy it back for a loss
[deleted]
[deleted]
One side is winning: Theta
Wondering same ... first cruise ship has returned to the Caribbean this week ... and as of today 7 of the 50-something passengers have tested positive for the Covid.
yes
Agreed, it still sucks to see it dip again :/
God nothing would make me happier than if nio goes down to 25.
Nice
>all it takes is the big car manufacturers to flip a switch and now they’re making evs.

I was somewhat with you until you said this then I laughed out loud. You have no idea how difficult, risky, and expensive it is to develop an EV, set up supply chains, set up manufacturing, marketing, etc. The traditional car companies are still minimum 2-3 years behind really more like 4-5.   


Ford's new EV transit van won't even be started manufacturing until the end of 2021 and thats being optimistic. GM's EV-hummer is slated for 2022 and that's being optimistic. These companies barely have concept cars currently.  


If traditional auto makers could "flip a switch" they would be flipping it so hard right now
Dude you gotta update us. Did you sell today? Still holding? You must’ve been up $400,000
Drillkings
Damn spy said fuck your puts
Don’t you get it after it expires?
Yup. Shake out the weak hands periodically so we don't have massive panic selloffs that truly kill the stock. It's still holding 45 it seems like, this shit was 40 2 days ago. Even weekly call buyers should be relatively fine, if you bought calls after several consecutive +10% days then that's kinda your own fault.

I went from +200% to +160%. Sad to see but it happens. Might go back in with more LEAPs...though 45 is still pretty damn high.
Citi bank has 46
With cities shutting down again, this makes sense.
Yes
feelin cute

tell me which stonks to buy :)
True but not for long
Calls?
This rebound best hold😅😅 I literally don’t have the cash to cover🤞🤞
Just go home
Wrong
Citron CEO looks like a man of integrity 😂
Halfway there.
COVID on the fucking rise!!! Rotation into travel and retarded shit 🤡
That’s some wet ass puts
They are a short company who shorted SHOP at $50.
🤡
Simply put, it's a very niche industry and no one really has an idea on how to predict this stock's movement or how to value the company.

The other day I started calling it a luxury penny stock. It has some price it hovers around for a while and then when a potential catalyst comes along people will pile in, and then it's kept afloat by more catalysts. One those fade so does interest in having money tied up in the stock to move on to other positions that can do more work in shorter time.

Think back to the run up to $63. Eventually those holding a lot of stocks probably thought 'well now what? ESPN deal news more than bought up, little boosts like deals with NFL teams priced in, NFL season doing fine and priced in.....'. No way to predict whether $63 is fair, so best take the money out and put it elsewhere. Especially consider the timing -- leading into October with a lot of tech news/earnings after the September beatings. Why hold DKNG when you can hold tech.

So, it gets pump and dump status when a catalyst like earnings comes along. I think DKNG is great for the long term, but I wouldn't count on good news for DKNG to have staying power in the stock's valuation.
JD 95 EOD lets go
Just fucking die already, let one side win
No, I'm a seasoned veteran trader of 3 weeks and I'm holding, shit would have been in the sky right now if stupid gay ass citron shut up. Also Nio will smack citron across the face with a fat cock on earnings believe me
Bought calls today. This makes me feel better lol
I feel ya. I'm holding on $23 avg shares but today still makes me oof a bit.
Sell now while it's going up
😮
Any thoughts on GE?
[deleted]
Seems risky AF to hold Nio into the weekend
[removed]
[deleted]
lmao i had it coming didn't i
Bear in disguise...
Why bynd down
Yea my profit got fucked by I’m not red lol
I hope you bought your puts at the lake and not just now
Yea no problem. So it’s best to buy in the afternoon and sell in the next morning because of implied volatility is greater in the morning. Nobody is going to be buying calls in the middle of the day when the stock price peaks.
Well finish green EOD no doubt.
Maybe a little if it were real
100% correct, I sold 68 put contracts at the top (52 strike) but I'm not concerned b/c it is exactly as you said.

First, to crush the calls; then sell puts before letting the stock go up.  
It is not coincidence this happened right before earnings.
Solo leaps?
Ugh... was so happy this morning, but still up a lot overall ... happy but not as much haha
lmao
Everyone being smart and buying the dip
[deleted]
Any lithium or nickel companies that you recommend? I was thinking the same thing
This is the way
2 million cases a week in December
How can I filter out any post that mentions NIO???
359
I just sold my first covered calls. 5 contracts of nio for $70 11/20.it looks like now i LOST $400? Wtf I thought I was supposed to gain the $400 in premium? I don’t get this shit anymore
Who is that citron guy? Fuck him
FSR is a pump and dump. FSR needs to fix their image.
it appears as though travel stocks were the play today...
AYRO is about to pop off. The next NIO if u will. Get them tendies while they got my fellow retards!!!
what is our next hype Gina stock?
yeah thanks.  several other people have chimed in with long term BABA confidence.  have to just stop freaking out watching BABA go sideways while JD, pinduduo etc all go up.  BABA long term does have lots of good shit going on especially cloud computing now.
Supposedly a test flight between November 19 and 23. Buy calls. 

https://www.space.com/virgin-galactic-suborbital-spaceflight-november-2020
You must be new here. Wsb has always been this retarded.
Buy high, sell low. This is the way.
Citron is the new Hindenburg
for real. im still up a nice 170%, i mean it was 270% earlier but still. lol. only the retards who fomo'd into it today got rekt
Let’s be honest. 

You are literally brain dead if you sold based off of a notorious short sellers “report.”
I bought 100 at $2 as well but I still have mine. Alternate timeline you is happy about it.
[deleted]
Because it’s down 7% today
buy the nio dip, it will be 50$ next week after earnings.
We got all next week brother, especially Monday and Tuesday
I belive the earnjngs report for NIO is already priced in so bag holders are screwed
I need NIO to get to 48 and I’ll be really poor kid rich today. Letsgooo $500 yolo
Damn. People lost fortunes today . YIKES
This right here
Fuck it loading up on spy puts
I’ve been trying something similar to Japanese flash, I like
Theres still a morgan stanley $42 price target
It literally dropped to yesterday’s price, how is that bad?
AAPL and TSLA are both being a peice of shit
Can't wait for nio to be done. Let's talk about something interesting
now from the top, make it drop
Yooooo same here dude. What strike price? I haven’t met anyone on this sub doing selling puts.
Citron browses this message board and will write a hit piece on the most pumped stocks here. Fucking morons
[deleted]
When you say car companies can make EV at the flip of a switch... you obviously dont know what you're talking about.
This is the way
I think you have no idea why NIO bulls are still in right now
[deleted]
Damn! We bout to lisp our way into tendies boiz...let's see how well chicken prints....
diamond handed LI auto from 39.05 all the way down to 35.84 before i finally pulled the plug and sold. fuck me, all that profit from nio yesterday and more is gone. fucking gay shit.
now from the top, make it drop
Today is my reason.
Glad i took profits on Nio and rebought puts.. will sell these puts today and rebuy calls on monday for nice run up to earnings
man what happened to BABA is so sad. BABA is like that old sage tree in the forest keeping everything and everyone together silently. They are cutting down BABA
People are literally betting against xi fantasies because of some bald fraud shorter lmao
Same 10k
[https://twitter.com/realwillmeade/status/1327302820396195847](https://twitter.com/realwillmeade/status/1327302820396195847)

hes a genus

idk why he doesnt have his own hagdge fond
True.  $100 by next summer.  Needed to slow down a little
Lower highs, lower lows, high momentum.  NIO guys might wanna run lol.
So obvious big money has tesla propped up  but they're not budging.  Very annoying
They’re striking big deals and it’s all in the potential, they’re gonna be a really solid number going forward.
Oops
A real clown working a birthday party for 30min is making 500% more this this clown typing this right now.
I've never bought puts in my life, but this is too real to pass off. Does that make me a bobo!? Btw, I hope everyone here who bought Nio calls become bankrupt. Just like communists, they can starve because if their stupidity.
Bullish!
Daily reminder of rug pull in your portfolio

🤡🤡🤡
Alexa play Bout Ta’ Bubble by Tech N9ne
[deleted]
Buy NIO now. Set it and forget it. Come earnings on the 17th you will thank me.
[removed]
HOLY FUCK covid numbers are insane it's literally exponential
I’m sorry my brother perm-bulls, but SPY is way too sus.
Hey man appreciate the post ! You got any tickers? I might add some long term holds
Was about to cry from my 30k loss.. saw this guy commented on his 79k NIO loss.. LOL
For real, my BABA position is shitting the bed
lmao bought NIO 39.5/39p credit spreads exp next week when it was at $50 this morning. You hate to see it. Hopefully IV crush makes it worth less post-earnings
Trooooo! Especially with a new lckdwn in the talks from Bideezy
[Cannot Wait to Laugh at NIO Bears on Monday ](https://investorplace.com/2020/11/double-down-on-nio-stock-as-a-pullback-seems-unlikely/)
Strangled NIO weeklies yesterday 50C and 45P 😈! Im cash gang for the rest of the day! Get those tendies fellas!
get in on that NIO bounce? lol
Make sense of what
Immense if verifiable
Hi Elon
Anyone with calls expiring tomorrow.  Anyone with next Friday is fine as long as they didn't buy it today
Is NIO IV always this high?
Hahahahaha fuck where’d my money go
I literally sold, checked wsb and saw posts about a dip, went back and looked and it was at 47
Taking a break from WSB until 95% of posts are aren't about NIO. Fuck this
Oh shit are we rebounding a little or what
This NIO dip is just to crush calls and create bearish sentiment, more retards buy puts and then price goes up.
ZM what is u doing bb
Shut up and take my upvotes, all outta money
Friendship ended with NIO

Now FSR is my best friend
It’s 1000 because of corona
With all the fund managers that were cheering it before the ANT ipo was torpedoed you gotta believe institutional buyers are salivating right now.  It’s been one of the most shorted stocks since then but I’m expecting a squeeze when those positions close.
Waiting for a dip and buying more. Picked up another 200 shares this morning
Damn...shoulda known!
i sold my 285c yesterday, down 50%
Stupid af citron is shady af join this for real facts https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/
no we have faith in Retards pumping it up, watch and see 🚀🚀
No truer words were ever posted on reddit
Yessir!!
The most fucking insane ride I’ve been on
NIO haters are just mad they didn't get free money.
That being said I'm a little hesitant about NIO now. I feel like our time on this train is running short you know? We've been getting away with too much profit...
Never even heard of Citron before today
i  agree with you so much.
redditors in shambles when the “buy at the top” strategy does not pay off
GUH
What is this about? You guys guessing Trump will try to tank the economy to spite biden just before his presidency by putting heavy sanctions on China?
NOK pattern setup looks good. Just wait and this will be the new NIO. As long as you set the expiration date far in future. It's quite slow. 5G is the future.
Yeah but doesn't he own like TNT etc, nationwide stations. I'm talking the regional networks - like Sinclair, Gannett, etc
Sold at open, gains are gains!
my retarded ass is gonna need a miracle here
Drift King?
I bought puts at open, then calls at the dips with stop losses. I am up everywhere. I did lost out on CSCO puts and PLTR puts =( so this makes up for it.
I wanna know what free stock you got 

WHATS IN THE BOX
Thanks bro.. i feel better now
3:59.  Live a little.
That's the spirit
Nio-Nazis in shambles
SPY is looking suspect with that fake pump
It doesn't matter
That’s bagholder speak
Baba calls boys it's time
It will go back in a few daya
WHERE THE FUCK IS POKIMANE TO MAKE SENSE OF ALL THIS?!?!?!?!
the sell off wasnt this big, ive been eagle-eyeing NIO the entire time buying dips and loading up. i decided to clean ship and cut even. i will just reinvest back into it when it calms down and i see the new floor..
GME looks like it's gearing up for a huge pop
Bags full of moneyyyyy
Like VALE lol?
[removed]
Keeping an eye on SDC (Smile Direct Club). As research for squeezes. Small float, low expectations, decent short%, low share price, earnings are coming. If they beat curious to see how the market acts.
UPS I would appreciate you doing something in the upward direction, thank you.
Mine has ads on it now also. What’s up with that?
Been holding since last Friday.
[removed]
☝️
Nio hulk dick! Citron said the article was fake
Anyone brave enough to sell NIO puts?
Heart disease still leading cause of death.  Shut down all fatty food resteraunts!  They are non-essential and more deadly than wuflu!  Cmon Trump do something!!!!!!
Sounds better than a Chinese EV company lol
Look in the mirror simp
Puts NOW?!!! It’s too late now, ur just gonna be burning money
This market makes no sense lmfao
I just know that "Tesla is bigger baloon than Mississippi Company"
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ just go chinese so much more growth potential
Alright Nio time to flex those tard muscles
How do you guys not see what's glaringly obvious?
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5au7s
edgy
Yes, but how many of ~~y'all~~ us bought calls at the top?
Fancy Nancy no likey
DKNG is the biggest piece of shit ever.
Call still up 86% lmfao. If you actually played NIO smart you shouldn’t be losing money. Only FOMO pigs getting slaughtered
This is the truth
Hope they sold
Indeed
I can't argue against it
Brother hold on. We will be back in no time.
I sold 68 put contracts this morning at the top 52 strike.  
Dunno how long I'll be bag holding, but I'll need NIO to do well on their earnings call.
[removed]
I could have sold for 400% this morning but I overslept FML.
Rip your lunch money 💀💀
Sold one of the lesser performing flags to pay down debt.  Now they are Five Flags
well nio giveth and i threw it back in and it taketh it away. time to grow it back smartly like i was before this nonsense.
Holding on my end
Lol theyre right but fk em
He looks like a loser
Whose the butt hurt NIO call holder in here?
Just downvoted you and it felt so good.
Ever heard of a guy named Ted Turner lol
And today we’d be 55+ if this fraud citron shit didn’t come out with everyone selling without even knowing why
I swear it's like NIO is the only ticker out there
Right there with you
Currently holding
Spy 11/18 360
my XPEV and JMIA calls have kept me in the game.  I have plenty of capital to keep playing thanks to those and the sudden vaccine announcement that sent my F and DIS calls up.
Bruh I wanna die
Make that 354
Let’s be honest, if you bought NIO at open today (or near close yesterday) you are literally braindead
And the future will need companies like PLTR way more than ever, such a immense amount of data to process nowadays.
yeah for real. early 20s was the best time of my life. granted I was a few k in credit card debt from the yoloing but now im 32 and paid everything off. no regrets man.
It got out of hand quick. It's just a bunch of college fuck ups at this point. Wall street fucking bets is gone
Angry kid lost his savings on NIO and downvoting everyone lmao. UPVOTES FOR EVERYONE
a lot of them got IV crushed
Yep. Ex- distribution date is 17th.
>Hang on man. I never said there wasn't going to be a crash. And I think that's what people have been jumping on. Folks accusing me of saying, "This time its different" somehow are implying that I'm implying the market is forever buoyant. 

That and the amount of credit you're giving to retail influence.  Yeah they may move a bankrupt stock that no one else wants to touch, and with options that leverage might force a low float stock upward, but they're not going to be keeping the market up on their own.  

They're along for whatever ride the market takes them on, and will eventually lose their money if they keep making the dumb amateur plays they have been.

You basically just ignored the first two paragraphs in my original post where I told you exactly why the market went down and up so fast, and it has nothing to do with everyone having $100 in a trading app in their pocket. And the transactions they provide are inconsequential for the most part, unless you're trading really stupid stocks.
NIO wake up bb. Thank you
https://i.ibb.co/KxLPYg5/EB9-A51-D1-8-B73-4-DA2-B57-B-3849-EAB1-B817.jpg
Imagine thinking like this unironically
Fisker so sexy right now
I mean, I am a NIO bull but profit is profit my dude, good stuff
You have to buy in to one of the chinese in order to get Chinas backing on your extremely profitable company.
If you seriously think NIO is going to $100, this pull back is actually healthy.
Same. I think I actually have a real problem, might have to stop trading for a year or so
>literally just reading this thread blindly submitting market buys on each comment
Please tesla die to 380
the market is in taking mode 95% of the time and it is only in giving mode maybe 5% of the time. it is in that 5% of time where we make our money as traders. Man I can't tell you how much money overtrading has cost me and I am still plagued by it even NOW! It is a constant fight.
Just bought the dip nio 50c 11/20.
DKNG consistently letting me down, but I keep going back to it. What have I become.
We find a way
thanks this gives me some cummies in my undies. Good to hear that someone out there (even if autistic) believes this is short term panic and it'll go up another 400% in a day or two.
This morning at Market open I chuckled at this comment. Now I'm back just to see some of the new stuff. Got a second chuckle with your edit.
Wait so you think I should sell my calls?
bro he's bearish on NIO, yes what you said is true, can that justify NIO's price when yesterday it briefly overtook daimler and became #5 in global auto market cap ranking? market is forward looking, but they better like sell cars in the entire world really fast to live up to the expectations they have been getting. b4 people use the "chinese market" is like a world of it's own, all these other auto makers also sell cars in China in case anybody didn't know.
[deleted]
They’re not cool anymore. The put buyers are....
[deleted]
Imagine buying NIO at the top!
I’ll try again on Monday
The market valuation is still under 300M. You have the advantage of it being a niche product with lots of uses outside of standard EVs. 

Thing is built with a minimal approach to limit cost and manufacture time and they have new models being rolled out for delivery. 

Doesn’t need to hit that hard to return value on its current valuation. 

Concerns are around extreme volatility right now. This stock gets blown around like a leaf in a hurricane so you need diamond hands and a clear plan. 

Lots of potential positive catalysts upcoming and experienced board. I took profits in the low 4s on part of my hold and mid 6s for the rest. Waiting for it to drop to buy back in.
because stonks
Thank God im holding NIO shares and leaps, still hurts tho, literally lost 10k in gains
Why are cruise lines and airlines also up
Wow u made 18$
It's not weird when you know exactly what you're doing and doing it on purpose
Lol what a day for unity holy fuck
Should close out today $6.25
Wtf DG?
You to hell
I didn’t say to not ride the wave just don’t be surprised if it crashes like it is rn
I think a 🌈LilPump🐻?

A rare breed of retard. Be careful of this one.
same, i think it will dip even more, not to 25 or anything but to 38 lowest. ill just buy in then..
Depending on how low today, I might grab some more, but I’m also waiting for an after earnings dip.
Nio today was so obvious lol, glad I got puts
The rona disappeared
New York Adding covid restrictions, covid cases approaching ATH
This from the guy that loves to take the snap from Tom Brady with his tight end
Annnnd its gone.
Don't FOMO $NIO because the retards here keep posting about it.
Liar
it’s gonna tank to 44 buy the dip
🐂#yolo
Monday
[removed]
Wtf what’s going on with U? Thought it got crushed by earnings now it’s mooning
solid DD, thank you just bought 400 shares
It is absolutely astounding the sheer level of retardation here.  I knew it was bad, but I did not appreciate how much so.

NIO is still above where it opened 24hrs ago and people are at 50+% losses?  How in the actual fuck is that even possible unless you are literally just reading this thread blindly submitting market buys on each comment
Wow jealous.
Fuck your downvote train, around here we only have gold trains
really? how big is it up?
Im happy with my exit, not going to stay in something i dont believe in.
Feels to obvious I’m just gonna watch
NIO to $3.50 please
The dip just hit the bowl and is ready to be scooped up.
Exotic pea could be a woman🤷🏻‍♂️
PLTR is legit dude. Research the company. NIO is a joke
You work for a BB bank too? How can I tell you were I work without telling wsb 🧐
Why are they multibillionaires but look like a poor class below average income white family that lives in a rented home trying to pretend like they are middle class
Why the fuck is six flags up 8%
Jesus Christ
Who owns the most TV stations in Georgia? Bullish on political spending in January
Plus idk if there would even be a buyer for those contracts now...
Up 115% on my NIO put
Same try to look for a base then buy.
Its not the app, the market is just moving sideways 💀💀💀
Will NIO ever see 50 again?
SELL NIO OVERVALUED $25 PT
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/GKGB the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
:(
[deleted]
[removed]
Yet they’re right about NIO
F
I did it, somehow got in at the floor this morning. I'm up 7%. Nice.
Explain why though. This is me anytime I see something go parabolic and i’m right more than wrong
!Remind me 72 hours
yea i sold all, but i bought in at 41. i didnt want to sell, but i think after earnings dip i could get in around the same price... worst case i buy in at 50.
DUMP EET
I don’t even have a play in NIO, but I have observed that every Friday it consolidates and the bears come out and say it’s dead and dance around its corpse only for it to go up another $5 the next week.
Listen up 20 year old. Snort as much coke and fuck as many hookers as you can and get it out of your system. You dont wanna be a 40 year old sucking on your wife's saggy tits with teenagers wondering. Enjoy life while you can.
Exactly lolol
They probably had FOMO and wrote that article as a discount code for themselves
Pton aint dead yet. Once gyms open back up, they are going to start filling with Pelton bikes and tread mills. Don't forget peoples #1 new years resolution is weight loss. And if we are still locked down...  

Also, nov/dec are etsy's biggest months of the year (cyber sale and then xmas) so they should flourish for the next few months as well.
when it hits 150 whithin next week
zm
Legit same. Was my RH free stock back in March and 600-700% in 8 months isn't shabby.
More like 30-35
it's 2100$ pre split
ouch NVDA
It's completely legal. They took a position, argued their side using public information, and raked in $$$.
Haha yup
Fuk it, yolo 357 0dte puts
Fuck shorts. EVs are the future. The people bitching about $NIO's growth this year, imagine how hard $TSLA would have rallied if the U. S. government had actually really gotten behind EVs and backed a solely EV (Tesla) company, rather than their token EV tax credit.
Ty
Bezos.. the guy who can't pay his workers decent wages.. idk man.
Doubtful at this point plus it takes a dive after earning aorobably. It’s been priced in already.
I learned the hard way too friend.... imagine selling a nio 42c for a loss 2 days ago
You are welcome!
When is SPCE upcoming flights again?
That reminds me of something very astute I've recently heard on a podcast. People always ask "how do I get this job" instead of "how do I get really good at this". Once you're really good, the job usually follows. Similar sentiment which I totally get behind
PLTR is a very important company. There's an immense amount of data to process these days and they have top data scientists working for the government and corporations. Bought 700 shares today.
unity and apps are carrying my dumb as tech portfolio strong
hahaha wow  RIP to everyone who thought NIO would keep going up in  a straight line.
FSR still sailing baby
Imagine holding bags after a 100% month and a 7-8% week... I feel bad for those that bought at the top today, but I think we get back to ATH late next week.
Retail selling into institutional buying 💀💀💀💀💀💀
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-13/herding-by-naive-robinhood-traders-may-be-good-signal-to-short

Bloomberg is farming this sub for short positions.
NIO: got out in the morning (sorry guys), going back in before eod.
[deleted]
[deleted]
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD
What the fuck did I just read
Yeah and bought puts before you release it.
idk man i bought apple back in march and im liking that 95% gain but i doubt itll get much higher anytime soon
the volume on the indices is fucking sus as hellllll. theres going to be a EOD selloff. buy puts. easy money.
Yeah, I'm with you.  Definitely never putting any major money into sketchy chinese shit with accounting issues and government interference at anytime.  BABA just looked like a golden opportunity with ANT IPO, earnings, and Singles Day all hitting at once.  Fucking black swan like random event wiped me.
At least NIO is only down 18% intra day fucking LI free fall  🤡 show
Glad I sold at open
Should have sold my W calls for 100% profit rather than seeing them come down to only 35% profit today 😔😔😔
If you NIO boys want to get in on some other EV plays I'm liking how CBAT looks. Maybe not today because it just pumped but they have a battery that looks to be ahead of the competition. With all the Chinese EV hype I'm sure it will be one of the next rippers.
Citron giving Nio buyers a free dip to buy, how kind of them
Diamond Handing my Dec Vix Calls lol
OH BOTHER
need FB 280 please
I made the same okay. GL
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-president-xi-jinping-personally-073400055.html
Not great but I’m confident in NIO’s future
Lockdown news is coming today, get out bulls
yeah leave it alone
MAXR directors buying shares in the open market - ER  confirmed oversell. Back to $30!
Spy 355 please sir
One of the worst mentalities of new traders is: this stock has gone up so much it has to come down at some point.
Ditto. Load up on calls in the DIP!!!
[deleted]
I’m sure your one of many
It’s priced on growth potential you moron.

When NIO expands its sales from $500M to $38B then we can then apply boomer valuations to it and it’s market cap can return to $30B. 

In the meantime we’re using autismo valuation method which means if there’s a high volume of memes being made on the stock it will continue to go up. Under this valuation method, NIO can be worth 10x the value of Ford as long as the meme production value holds above 100x of Ford. 

Learn how to properly value stocks...
Buying $50 11/20 puts for NIO at $53 was the best idea I had all week besides getting drunk on a Monday night
Puts as well?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just all in my -90% account into BABA 11/20 275 calls RIP account.
Fuck it I’m holding, 47c 12/31, I’m either going to get rich or get ass raped enough to never talk to you autists again
[removed]
I bough some calls earlier on AMWL and TDOC hoping for lock down this week
printinggg
hows it feel to get cucked by Winnie the Pooh?
[deleted]
dude sell now
Losing momentum yeah
I would legit be happy back at $47/share
45 looking like xipport to me
[deleted]
Dividend arbitrage seldom works out unless you’re willing to hold until the price recovers.
NIO 54 earning run
When the train leaves it’s gonna be too late!
Bought 0dte SPY 355p after -90% from NIO, oh well worst case I just lose another 1k
😂 Christ it's awful
its a canadian EV company... :S guh!
I know everyone hated hearing this a couple days ago, but I’ll say it again. For a stock that is up 100% in one month alone, this is natural and necessary for the stock to stay on track for healthy sustainable growth. I own almost 1,000 shares in Nio. A red day is upsetting, sure, but have some faith and buy the dip Monday morning lol. Chill.
Gotta get back to my essay writing...see ya at 1500...its going to be wild. No one will want to hold for Weekend Lockdown news..brought to you by Thanksgiving (TM)
[removed]
hold it bro’s, this is ONE red day ffs. don’t be scared yet, eron musk still has tendies to spare
Holding BABA Jan 2021 275c. Down 25%. Hold or cut my losses? This shit keeps on trending downwards
FSR over $19 eod
Fuck you, who was even talking to you when you decided to chime in with your hot take
thinking of cashing my tqqq and qqq shares
Man this gut feeling is always right....
[deleted]
i vowed to not sell but i just did :// i broke even 

at this rate its looking like it might dip to high 30s

ill just buy in then.
Bought Nio weeklies at 54. 🤡 -80%
While this guy is a F A G for buying shares you have to admit that if he did buy options he would have likely sold long ago. When NIO was under $2 a share I think the furthest strike price available was like $10.
[deleted]
Got scared of the NIO dump so selling to lock in profits. Lemme know when it starts to recover
Fuck no
Waiting til Monday

Some announcement coming 11/15
Must be weird to write a news article and wipe out 25 billion dollars of market cap in a morning.
Yes
well is NIO now the next JKS rofl...
nop
You’re actually retarded
Only thing worse than EV shills are people who rush in here after to stomp on their corpse. Stfu we know its overvalued
Youre kinda right though i doubt anybody other than a single guy in a big city would buy
Time to get in this NKLA dip before the second leg up and then big squeeze higher.
If you want some safer plays slide into a NIO 50c 40p strangle
The same exact thing happened last week with NIO lmao. +10% day followed by big sell off and red day. But yet we still baghold and die
Bought Icahn like a fucking boomer. That guy last night talked me into it. Least I'll get a fatty dividend check for Thanksgiving
PLUG has been flying under the radar. Bought in at $2
Tell that to tesla
Oo your fucking my wife?? Well you are a lose so jokes on you!!!! Enjoy her loser!
No one was saying buy nio when it was at 3 dollars all of a sudden everyone’s an expert lol
Sub $40 within an hour.
Everyone who bought Nio at the top mad salty
Then welcome to the top.
Split ruined it just like tesla
Damn..
Boomer stocks, they barely move
Stop shitting NIO. It literally held its ath for about a week for you to exit. It rallied months for everyone to catch it. This is much more generous than any other meme stocks.
Spy calls way otm I think we get a vaccine pump again
now
Could be, could not. Neither of us know that
Why is this downvoted? That’s fucking hilarious 😂
Wish me luck boys, I'm balls deep in PFE calls. 

11/27 45c
12/18 50c
There’s this one song called Rocket Man by this one guy who is pretty famous, apply that to PLTR and that’s where we are standing 🚀🚀🚀 

“Mars ain't the kind of place to raise your kids/ In fact it's cold as hell” 

So many tendies all the normies in your life won’t be able to relate to you, get ready to enter a club that once seemed beyond your reach.
Fuck you spy
On a Friday going into the weekend? No, not a chance.
if NIO breaks 44 its free fall
Lol
What kind of retard posts a picture of a picture?
GAY nio bulls downvote me please
[deleted]
Nio won’t end above 45 children. You should know the way Big money works by now. They will fuck your calls
Cincinnati Financial declares $0.60 dividend????? Buy b4 the 14th or dont trust the company?
Go for both. Diversify or some shit
Solo holding well actually
Lol short selling research is so hilarious. "Hey guys we are losing money because you keep buying. This company bad. Please sell so we get our tendies back"
So did $47
So sell Monday?
China EV bubble popping. U guys think an EV switch happens over a week? Talk about fomo. Long dated calls will save u
With all the EV hype in here is anybody playing KCAC?  Up 18% today.
Hell no
It's going to 25over the next couple of weeks
[removed]
Sprite & Aleve. Also edibles.
Yeah, guess I'm a boomer with only shares and leaps. Might load up more on the dip once it consolidates.

Tempted to sell condors pre earnings but that's probably too risky.
FSR don't give a fuck about Chinese EV stonks
No prob
F. You good?
Knowing how fridays go it’ll skyrocket then dump eod
When is NKLA just gonna shrivel and die
Should have bought them yesterday afternoon or this morning, but now is probably fine too
All you NIO people, when BYND was bubbling it had 12-15% drop. Then ripped up even higher.
Nio is down because it's not normal for a stock to jump up 30% in one week. Especially one for a company that has yet to turn a profit
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Dragonforce - Fury of the St](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i7qZxICwgQ) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i7qZxICwgQ)⠀►►⠀ 4:30 / 6:46 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Hold it will be up next week
make PLTR the new NIO
And here come the downvote losers
where you think it is?
haha, no, no one buys their cars.
Sold NIO at 45. Bought back in at 46. This is the way
Lol valid point. All they do is get one news article to pump up a stock then when they wanna cash out they get another to sabotage it
Damage is done.  Party time.
Send vids, my masturbation sessions haven't been good for a while. Time for a change
Why do you think KNDI will go up?
Citron owns NIO puts before they published that hit piece. I guarantee it.
$45 seems like fair support.
Jack ma in trouble, don’t expect baba to recover anytime soon
Remember the good old days? Like when I was up 54% for 5 minutes with SOLO this morning? Shit was tight.
Bought some QQQ 285c Dec earlier this morning. I am up $6 so far. Let's go!!
Whats the top on SPY today?
Imagine replying to the wrong comment retard
She’s going down to her 20s boys
Hey Alexa play fury of the storm by dragon force
This aged like milk
Great - haven't screened those before.  Appreciate the heads-up!
I was told there would be a dump
Calls on Brunswick Boats, Polaris ATVs and Snowmobiles
Cmon Aapl where are your 5% days from the past, such a slow mover
Yeah, BABA isn't coming back until the Chinese regulators are done running train on Jack Ma's ass.  Then they'll throw his bloodied, cumstained ass out on the street for everyone to see.  There's too much fear right now that another Chinese government retribution shot could be taken.  Maybe in a few weeks you might see some forgiveness and the stock will get its mojo back.
No, i have to watch the man that gave me a childhood of suffering. Father, from this day forward, i abandon this cursed name you bestowed upon me. May we meet in depths of Cocytus.
Can Nio and pltr get their own threads? We get it, you are all sheep and want everyone to know how with it you are!
Your probably fine. Sell as soon as possible
Sad sad story
Also cars generally are expensive AF in China due to tariffs especially for luxury autos. So $65k is pretty much a bargain if you're in the market for a 3 series BMW in China. It's only because EVs are not hit with tariffs that they really out compete.
Spy calls for next week or NIO puts for next week???? What’s the play
Hope so
And 70% of Americans have less than $1000 in savings.
I dumped mine I bought at $36
where'd ya hear this?
Long term peeps: 💤🛌💤
It's the EV of america!!! "Climate change denier" 2020

Yeah bro have fun
I would get in in. SOLO it looks like it's stabilized and I can see it jumping again on Monday or maybe even EOD
[deleted]
How would a rise in interest rates affect XLF? Higher interest rates -> higher bottom line for lenders?
When a company is worth as much as other major car manufacturers, but has sold less than 1% of the cars lol
Batteli Day, I see.
.... you bought at the top didnt you
Yeah wait a day and you can get them even lower
Why does someone come in here everyday and downvote every comment?
NIOs price is pretty much yesterday's. Relax
Luckin was a legit company that sold coffee that people buy
Also I feel like a lot of people who are trying to shit on nio don’t understand how fucked China is environmentally and how quickly they realize they need to reverse all that industrial pumping
That's funny this lady sold CVX this week - so did I.
Up 100% on NiO puts and 50% on ZTO calls, the ups of China
that's the day i'll shit my pants
well done, my dude
I have like 9 billion neopoints
Hey assholes! Buy NIO
This aged very well today
Calls now
[deleted]
Will nio touch 50 again today ?
I somehow managed to miss this whole NIO thing and at this point I'm afraid to ask
🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮 NIO is about to get my ass margin called
Yeah, I’m planning on selling before but I hope we see a good runup
I bought the dip 2 hours ago. We on the same page
If you think about it, if nkla can get to 20, surely solo can too. Before we were obsessed with Tesla, now we have a few more ev stocks to obsess about. Why would we stop? It’s not like apple and co is rocking anymore
Citron report came out 2 minutes after I bought my last batch of NIO.
Everyone you fuck
True, trading on emotion is guaranteed to lose. What I find with events like corona and election is that so many smart people lose trying to actively time it, when they could have just left it and be fine.
[removed]
Like a phoenix we will rise from the ashes!!!!!!!
I sold off everything BABA (except for a $300c for next week) because I think the CCP is going to hamstring Jack Ma as much as they can.  He dissed the party.
Ya
RemindMe! 3 months
His virginity?
Bro who cares about what people are selling now. We’re speculative bitch.
It def doesn't look great, but I see a small argument where there is some support at $258. If it breaks that though, ya $240 looks likely to me. With how oversold it is though it could get a bounce if it does find some support here.
Your mom should have swallowed more we’d have less pussies around
Tyson was on Joe Rogan's podcast recently, and he's making comeback to the MMA scene. He is gonna fight Roy Jones Jr. on Nov 28th. I suggest going all in on calls.
You sell your soul to the devil at least have him move a penny stock so you can make bank
pypl is not my buddy, pal.
you’re the kinda guy to brag about owning a sennheiser pencil sharpener and playing it off like no big deal
Trueeee, have some grit ffs
People didn't stop eating during the pandemic. I give it the nod.
I'm still riding my 180ps I bought earlier this week. This thing is coming down
Can we fire the ceo of DKNG?
NIO drops 10% in an hour*

*Still at 90 RSI*
35 Tuesday. Been saying this for 6 days.
They are dumb. Google it.
Buy FSR. Its the American NIO. TRUMP 2020
Jesus.   This sub is ruined.
I bought a Nio put at the top lmao, I dont hate money so I only bought one tho
NIO PUTSSS
I think you're giving us too much credit. 

line goes up, money goes big.
spy flatter than my wives bfs penis
inverse fomo of $20 stock price increase!! good one !!!
maybe dont trade 0dte if u have 0 discipline
Downvote if you suck cock
Hair of the dog
Stop...
This is why you got banned you don’t believe
Anyone else losing on NIO rn and doesn’t know whether to sell and lock the loss or hold?
yes
Positions?
RIP
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
JBLU   15.0|0.19|0.2|0.21|0.1|61.985%


JBLU 15.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc64j5z&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
It helps
My gain porn is hellish.
No
can't enjoy the gains if you never have any losses
You fucking jinxed us man
$15c JBLU 11/20, was at work and I put in the order and it was just slowly filling. Then I had to go down to the basement for like an hour and had zero service. I comeback to my desk and see that the order had filled and it said 200 of 200.
Lmfao yea lol, they expect to go up non stop and don't get red days. These ppl are paper hand pussies
Not I sir, not I 💎🤲🏻
where did you get this quote?
I think that things dope haha
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO
NIO bagholders downvoting
send pics
Remember when the US was reporting 150K+ Covid cases a day with 1000+ deaths a day and the stock market went up? Pepperidge farms remembers.
40k—-5k
You guys are really dumb. How do you not see there’s an ev bubble. “China is switching to all electric” “they’re the cars of the future” is some of the stupid shit I’ve been hearing meanwhile the largest car companies in the world, that make and sell a tens/hundreds of times more cars (of the present) aren’t worth as much. And most people will just buy an established car makers ev because all it takes is the big car manufacturers to flip a switch and now they’re making evs. You guys are acting like what propels the car makes a difference and when this bubble pops you guys are going to say wow what makes a car go zoom zoom doesn’t actually make a difference in a company’s valuation
Pin this comment and let’s return to it next year
I sold my 46p 11/13 for a ~80% loss like a bitch first thing in the am 🤡
this from the guy that supports segregation!
Selling puts
Bought 700 shares and holding, the world needs that kind of company now more than ever.
Any sales going on out there that should be bought?
Downvoter = lost a lot of money today! You love to see it!
So is tesla in bedshitting mode because Elon has the 'rona?
Lol
Yeah
That was a blowoff top this morning on nio if ive ever seen one
[deleted]
Chinese EVs are having a battery day.
Tell me why I should buy this NIO dip for a face ripper on Monday
What’s your plan now?
[deleted]
If nio should be 25$ then fisker should be under a dollar. Jesus
Looks like share gang won again
bruh you been sleeping all week or what
Earnings, books, market share, govt.. all of it.
don't do it, leave this place.
Monday 🚀🚀 earnings gonna be good
RIP China.
Now
Bro... holding for years. This is a long term hold. Buy shares, don’t play weeklies.
I could have but not now, it seems too risky now.
When it is at 25
Really ? I think it will go 1 month easy with that phase
because everyone else was
$23c for 1/15/21 LETS GOOOOO
No were adjusting to next week 60 cause of gay news buy calls it’s dipped hard
I bought my puts back right at market open
So I should definitely hold these puts through the weekend haha
Change your chart to 5min intraday and view it as a 1 day chart. I'm using tos but you should have it on any broker. It starts around 1050 eastern time
Bought a nio put, bottom is in.
lol 0dte FD calls on NIO? free money? for Earnings people to fomo?
Downvotes Incoming watch 😂
NIO BTFD NOW
Pretty sure a lot of people are buying NIO because it's pronounced like Neo and as we all know, Neo is The One. This is WSB after all.
Downvoting won’t bring back your -99% portfolio my friends, but if it helps...
hows that NIO working out for ya retards? bought puts this morning at 50... it's had its run and is now done for a while...
[deleted]
If I have shares in Nio, XPEV, and Li bought at fairly good prices ($37, $33, $28) I should hold right?
much better quality too, my dream car now is the et9. Looks like a storm trooper.
this is the way
Made 40% profit on NIO 28p.  LOL thanks for the free money that has no chance of paying off.
[deleted]
I remember when I owned SHOP at $145. I was young and sold at $125 when it dropped after the Citron report. It’s at like $1000 now. I’ve learned my lesson.
 🚀  🚀  🚀
Well did you sell right at that second? Because going by the time that was pretty much the exact point where it peaked.
[removed]
Because the CCP
420:69 split
I had sworn to hold NIO until earnings, but chickened out when I was even for the day. Glad I did, but I am ready to jump in big time if it pumps again.
Citron is a terrible short company. They shorted Shopify at 50.
I restarted it and the update went through fine - think it was just a temp glitch unlike Chrome
This bear making MAD GUAP as we speak off you fearful lil  NIO cucks ESKEEETIIIIT
38 (maybe)
Lol and I was hating myself for selling the NIO/XPEV dip yesterday afternoon.
[deleted]
I’m holding my 354P 11/18 over the weekending. 350 could be a little iffy though
[removed]
This didn't age well
You guys should realize that this dump is to crush calls, and generate bearish sentiment to sell puts to you idiots, so that they can then push it back up and crush your puts. The MMs like to have their cake and eat it too.
[deleted]
Literally some of the best DD posted here in a while 🚀
No stop loss?
this is the nio dip u have been looking for.  

buy the dip f******ot.
when will people learn
no, just a high risk high reward play right now.  most of the easy money is made.  this thing could easily go to 60 or 80 or it could go sideways and then calls eat shit.
I bought just 100$ of them in July and they keep going. I just regret that I didn't buy more.
game changer
Your moms a hoe
This is the only reason anyone even knows what this company is
Nio has a lot more gain on the downside. Don't get caught buying the dip
shut up bitch
[deleted]
NIO 50 eod 🇨🇳
Imma clown, but a hopeful one.
Palantir?

More like PalanTEARS 😂👌💯 

Get fucked bears
[deleted]
Energy peeps all dead. But this is noteworthy.
[removed]
think we should submit a SEC complaint to make sure their trades didn't correlate with the article ie. Short -> \*release article -> Cover
The dip bought you
is it at 60 yet? i keep seeing 45 on my screen but maybe thats for a half share or something?
Yeah I’ll probably leave it as is, trying to time options is stressful enough
Why has baba been going down so much over the week, seems like a good buy
Well I sold spreads 350/349. Very high pop. I would sell if I were you
Words to live by. Godspeed.
Nio ride was fun while it lasted. Sold my 20c leaps for a 250% profit.
This shit is just getting started, pussy
That's scary
[deleted]
I think it would cause some pullback but the fear factor isn't there like it was before. If anything I would just hope it causes a broad drop and pick up some cheap positions , timing the puts would be too tricky imo
We’re you in NIO
[deleted]
They knew what they were doing
"Now"? Lol
How?!?
When the fuck do we go in on NIO?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.thestreet.com/.amp/investing/palantir-analysts-largely-positive-on-first-earnings-report-as-public-company

Jeffries : up to 18$ from 13
RBC Capital Markets: up to 15$ from 11
Morgan Stanley: up to 15$ from 13
can i get some pics for later?
Except NIO is a legit company,  with cars,  that people buy.
[deleted]
didn't age well
You talking earnings or what
Damn man. Fuck the $20k (130%) I’m up today on NIO puts. It feels much better to be right. Been warning all you retards 10 times a day of over valuation based on XPEV. But. No one listens.

NIO 35 on Tuesday. For the 302nd time
Quit showing me my ugly truth
[deleted]
Annihilated
Why shouldn’t I do that
Beautiful dead cat bounce on nio
Puts on NIO
Ok random reddit guy, I'll trust your word over a leading expert.
downvoter is back lol, he must've had NIO 0DTE calls
Damn, you wanna sell that share real quick pls
My stomach is doing flips at the thought of this.
NIO bulls going to panic sell, bears going to load on puts, ER is going to beat and retail is going to be left broken and bloodied while MMs rake in $
Tesla staying flat for the S&P inclusion
I guarantee they don’t give a flying fuck about WSB.
LMFAO at this clown market.  Imagine pumping SOLO to ride this temporary EV trend, and being completely delusional to think something like this will actually sell:

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/L2t2pv9Ky7E/maxresdefault.jpg

This is like back when the fanboys were adamant and convinced beyond a doubt that something as fucking stupid as google glass would sell and be a wild hit.  People love losing money on mindlessly stupid herd mentality plays.
Boomer
SPY weekly puts because we about to triple top again 😉
i say go for it dude
[deleted]
Kratom is the shit
Anyone buying solo now lol
Jack Ma and Elon is shit
That's -20%
Sorry but how much do you lose by selling before expiration? What would happen if you let it expire? I’m trying to learn more about options, sorry again if these are dumb questions
Jesus NIO?!!
The lesson I’ve learned here is as soon as I think I’m smart, I take my profits.
Plug
Boy were you fucking wrong
This Zack Morris guy has made me some money
NIO puts printing hard 🔥
just remember not to trade more than four day trades within five days, you dirty poor, and everyone will stay exactly where they are.
Yup. Currently stuck in Nio.
Listen up idiots. FSR has plenty of room left. Hop on before you regret it
Baba
PLTR, they r MOONING and will get to 20$ easily, have a bunch of positive catalysts
Do some DD on FSR...
Buy the dip for nio lol
How’s everyone doing now?
NIO gang there is still time to rotate into PRPL gang
Should I sell my SPY $350 Puts exp 11/18 that are down 40%???
Funny thing is, I actually bought TSLA at open today and it's already down 2%
more like shish kebab chain up my ass
NOK dominating the 5g market is a retard fiction fabricated up by retards in WSB. Its a mediocre company that every institution hates at best. 

Not saying it cant go up again but dont expect it to moon tbh
Boomerstonk crap
[deleted]
Bottom plz......
Yeah, I took his word for it and never fact checked that.
[deleted]
Correct. 

Market does not care about COVID.
[deleted]
So glad I took profit the last 2 days. I was sick about it.....not anymore
The market is some real BULL SHIT.  Why Tesla got to be down cause daddy musk test both + and -.  This make no damn sense
Don’t worry Nio boys, time to grab this falling knife 😎😎
Citron releases a gay as fuck article to tank prices to $45 so they can buy in and ride the tendie short bus on Monday when it green dildos to $60
You'll be safe. Look at that bounce off 44. Strong support there.
Could’ve sold that NIO at ath today. No worries though I’m down today but ready to hold through next week cuz it’s going to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Once again, I’m so fucking stupid. Bought a NIO 0dte, within minutes it was +80%, didn’t sell and now sitting at -70%
Isn't it obvious? Calls on tendies
I'm loaded to the fucking gills on puts. I anticipate this entire month of gains to be wiped out.
Other way around
Someone please show me some loss porn?
353 SPY puts expiring monday
Reminds me of that time back in '18 when Micron stopped going up. An entire generation of WSB'ers got wiped out.
$79K to $0 just like that
where my PLTR gang gang? Are we holding over the weekend!
Run at a macd, that dump was clear as day ☀️
NIO went for maximum pain
I thought I bought the dip at 47.5
[deleted]
I’m going back in on calls for nio
Really wish my money haven't settled today
Someone bought NIO at the top, please know everything will be okay. Don’t do anything stupid
short seller report released on a friday with earnings a few days away.. hmm..
Nio Rsi is 41 jajajjjajaja. Overbought piece of shit die and make me money
You buying calls sir?
WSB culling. I hardly knew ya
Just need NIO hit 35 for my buy limit
NIO calls time?
Probably a good idea to do some reading on investopedia.com or something to understand what you're doing. A $10 quickie can easily turn into YOLOing all in.
No, we are all retarded
I do. They are.
[deleted]
I managed to make 600 on NIO calls today. Bought 5 big shares of AAPL with my sweet gainz
heard.  just put in a t-stop.
Tuesday
you know, you just might be right. Thanks
I wanna do a day trade for spy calls what should I do??
Usually when a stock goes parabolic the 50 day sma is its floor. $26 puts might print 😂 on nio
Damn, it must be so nice to just write an article that says, "they barely sell any cars!" and get a stock to immediately tank 20%.
You guys are really dumb. How do you not see there’s an ev bubble. “China is switching to all electric” “they’re the cars of the future” is some of the stupid shit I’ve been hearing meanwhile the largest car companies in the world, that make and sell a tens/hundreds of times more cars (of the present) aren’t worth as much. And most people will just buy an established car makers ev because all it takes is the big car manufacturers to flip a switch and now they’re making evs. You guys are acting like what propels the car makes a difference and when this bubble pops you guys are going to say wow what makes a car go zoom zoom doesn’t actually make a difference in a company’s valuation
Unpopular opinion but if nio should be 25$ then fisker should be $0.75 cents, fuckin joke. Not even a dollar will be made until 2022, but we’re supposed to hop in that steaming pile of shit
I feel like they are gonna funnel back to TSLA next week finally, thoughts?
Ok and how
Do you sell it or cancel to make the profits?
Agree
11/20 $25p’s are the play for NIO. Hop on
APHA CGC ACB calls
Hehe
Not broke till it expires
[deleted]
44.22
Yeah my wife is a teacher and she said they are all bringing shit home today bc the job said they heard it from the top we’re gonna lock down. Now how to time
The puts or will this time the lockdown make the market rip!?
Alexa play free falling
Mad cuz bad
Oh I’m ready to catch this NIO knife
Put your money where your mouth is brah
Fuck you Citron
This doesn’t feel right
Because short-selling is too obvious of a move and the market moving institutions know it.
Dude they make 3 wheeled cars, i aint going in on mr bean vehicles.
Well I see support at 38 but idk if it’ll hold
I chose a good morning to make my first NIO bear play :D
Energy peeps?
XLE 🚀
What's the point of getting back a few pennies?
Imagine selling your NIO 0DTE  44p for an 80% loss this morning? Couldn’t be me
🙏🏾🙏🏾
Unsurprisingly, comment on this article in WSJ has not been enabled.
NIO CEO SAID THE N WORD ON CAMERA
NIO was already starting to downtrend before citron published their article. If you bought 0dte calls at 50$ discipline your FOMO
I got the 42c around the same dio and sold it a while after it reached 45 or something lol. Shit went through the roof after that. Took 30% profit. Bought 42p yesterday at the top
Damn I should've inverse you NIO cucks earlier, hope.I still catch some mini tendies.
Oh fuck
Pretty much. Avg price of $49.75.
Ah I see.... basically a lucky gamble.
Also, nio is based and headquartered out of Shanghai
Doubt
I’ve heard there were people making 10k a year just shuffling money around getting the bonus for new bank accounts in /r/churning

But I guess post COVID it’s probably tougher
If you're up, prob get out. Tech might rally and push, but it also might crash first before it does. You're in high risk territory right now.
Tesla took years to get into the black, and they didn't have China backing them.
Rip to the NIO dip buyers
Whenever I start to think I'm smart, I just tell myself, wait 20 minutes.  Good reality check tends to follow.
Damn but if you got nio puts y’all printing
Nio's price action reminds me of Luckin and we all know how that ended
I love it, gets an upgrade IMMEDIATELY dies. Wtf
Watch 42.5 for a Nio bounce imo
I say this and Im not even playing it... always inverse fomo
That's not how this works.  That's not how any of this works
Who has two thumbs and sold the low, as specified on Robinhood, for the NIO 41.50 put.... this guy.🤬
You mean 43?
Probably because they bought NIO calls this morning and lost their house
Wwfff Li auto +22% to 0%
[deleted]
Time to double down on my calls
We’re fucked if this is true. They may be the threat to kill the market
VIX is thata little green pp
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5xftn
Just buy some NIO shares and save yourself the stress of trying to time it
I’m getting better at this shit. Bought puts near the top before citron article to hedge. Sold all shares this AM and now puts riding the wave down. Account going from -97% to -93% bb.
enjoy the gold you fucker
Price targets increasing from all analysts
@ theta gang, you guys seeing this shit rn?
I can’t believe I sold off a bunch of solo at 4.60 to buy god damn CSIQ. 

How am I supposed to keep washing my hands when they’re made of paper.
 Ah I Need a $500 play
He bought.....🤡 Dummpit
didn't baba break its bollinger bands and it also broke support. it could head in a downtrend till 240
RIPPP NIO BUY PUTS
F
FSLY was at 82.60 at one point pre-market. Good times.
All the nio li xpev money will now flow to Tesla, price target 650 eoy
Nothing like the smell of NIO hogs getting slaughtered.
FUCK
🌈🐻 want to cheer Nios demise. 📃🤲 retail selling into institutional buying. Excited to see my Jan calls after earnings next week.
This selling pressure on tech is getting to be ridiculous
BABA bottom here?
It's also intentionally misleading...
Please show us your position kind sir.

Here's mine.  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jthlc2/33k\_nio\_premiums\_csp\_bag\_holder\_edition/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jthlc2/33k_nio_premiums_csp_bag_holder_edition/)

Best of luck to you, even though we're on opposing sides.
It was coming eventually, bears get their one day of glory but they won’t be happy on Monday’s open
$4k vs. 90 ban. Your call lol
FOMO'ed back into CVS after selling yesterday afternoon. Who'd have thought it would rocket above the weekly high before noon? Plan was to let the flat/selling pattern continue and buy back into my original position today or early next week. Turned 6k into 35k so a great hit but the same position would be > 50k right now.

72.5/75c 11/20 (Hope for Moderna news pump)

75c 12/4

90c 1/15/21
I came
Let me check stocktwits real quick
Nvax safe haven lol
The NIO pumping cock sucking crew always has to ruin it for everyone.
When your nio puts printing more than the calls losing
Lemme guess.. bought NIO at top?
Financial institutions must have some sort of bot monitoring all of WSB, counting each time we talk about a ticker 

Once that number hits a threshold, they release a hit piece or just mass sell
Everyone asking about NIO wait until Monday. These weekends have all been wild as far as news and shit it’s not safe anymore to bag hold over the weekend now that this game is rigged by the elite. Wait till Monday low then ride it through ER
What's wrong with the Stocks app on iPhone? It's been freezing up for the last 2 days now.
So happy i sold you retards NIO calls this morning
Tesla dump?
depends, for me it have to be 50 to break even and 52 + to profit.
HAHA Suckers keep buying NIO and ACB. Thanks for your tax money too!

\-Kam and Joe
With a sugar cube of lsd
We clowns 🤡
yah, Red plz
Nio will find a bottom going to drop big $$ if this happens and it goes full send today
Good meme ass man
Honestly the sad thing is a lot of these people are probably really smart, smarter than I to be frank. As humans we are naturally hard wired to be poor traders. As traders we  want to step in and fight trends so that we can then say that we picked the bottom or the top, but to be honest this is not realistic. We don't have to play hero in order to make money in this game. You need a strict set of rules and discipline (risk management) to make it.
The nio cash covered 43 put I sold at 9:59 is up 180%..
Thanks - appreciate the help.  Taking a look a CNR, but it looks expensive.  Bad personal experiences with CIBC, but maybe that's just me.  I like TD too.  Kinaxis is a new one to me - need to take a look
😂
What did you pay for it?
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
BIDU will spike on earnings Monday
[deleted]
You would have never
Someone said yesterday in here NIO is going to make everyone go bankrupt. Sold my calls earlier because of that. Thank you sir whoever you are.
God damn it TDOC
Aren't you dead, Dr. Acula?
Just black
hahahaah people been talking about it since it hit 30 but it ran up to 50 hahahahahahahhaahhahahahaahha!
This was also my greedy ass lol
[deleted]
Damn, you bought nio at the top?
Buy
Yep, pretty good day lmao
First time?
I wonder how often the cinnamon roll machine gonna be broken.
[But...](https://i.imgur.com/fuxc6e3.jpg)
Idk.  Average Joes being able to trade options is too profitable for the MMs
well shit turns out its dipping again
Put debit spreads, cheaper and less risk. I’ve been making my side income from debit spreads and buying a bunch of them, average down if you’d like.

Just don’t hold till expiration
If this isn't sarcasm then you're a fucking idiot.
NIO delivered 12,206 vehicles in the third quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 154.3% year-over-year and exceeding the higher end of the company's quarterly guidance. As of 30 September 2020, cumulative deliveries of the ES8, ES6 and EC6 reached 58,288 vehicles, of which 26,375 were delivered in 2020
[removed]
Palo Alto. PANW.
[deleted]
Where can you see that? Level 2?
I’m a fucking hero and bought tuesday dip, IV is through the roof
feb 19 24c
haha hopefully nio burns even more. all the clever people jumping in on those pump and dump stocks hoping to be out first before becoming bagholders. 50 cars a month but the same value as volkswagen. lol
[deleted]
Let’s get her into the 30s
You lot can chat shit but hold or buy NIO now. Just wait till Tuesday. Don’t be irrational.
Too much of a bitch went February outs. Up 40 percent
Strike, ticker, expiration
will never happen cuz will never collapse
Me right here I sold my puts at 50 easily could of made 10k right noww
[deleted]
There's a short seller report on it you moron, not a weekend sell off.
SELL NIO SELL NIO OVERVALUED 25 PT
We’re witnessing another major culling
Tech dip and easy NIO puts 🤤
Could you imagine losing money on nio, xpeg, Li ? Yes I could. I did. Feels bad.
What country are they? Has been quite a bit of growth past few days.
I bought back the call for $0.15 (sold for $1) because I don’t want my shares taken away 🙃
Cry more
NKLA is now the inverse triple leveraged EV ETF. You read it here first.
Scam ev without china backing it up just a scam ev
Chadsdaq gonna hold up, or should I get out of my TQQQ fds?
I’ve got hella 11/20 puts lol
NIO about to crash the markets
[https://twitter.com/nypost/status/1327296699967148033](https://twitter.com/nypost/status/1327296699967148033)  
GAME OVER SELL EVERYTHING NOW
👍 notorious BIG
or buy $cov token! 🔥🤑
Covesting asset management at primexbt 🚀
Water and 2 ibuprofen
It’s prob a 15-20 stock until all data is proven. IMO
Who? Fb?
[deleted]
seems legit
[removed]
They made a dip so they can buy for earnings ez
Yes
Let’s see if I caught the falling knife, not looking at NIO until Monday
CNK bounces around $10-15 all year non stop. Do with that what you will.
This didn't mean to come off snarky. This price is fucking garbage for pton, but my calls don't have all year
Fuck Citron.  If stock prices actually did what shitty research analysts decided they should do 8 months ago, TSLA would never have gone over $40 a share
JD before EOD Pre ER run
How ya'll take your coffee? I have mines with one sugar and a splash of milk or just black
Everyday this week: “US COVID classes hit record high!”
Re-open stocks: 🚀

Lmao what?
15% of stock portfolio, 8% of net worth when you include rental property equity.
Put a limit order and sell as many as possible
Don’t doubt your vibe
Had some SOL calls that were dead and revived right before expiration today. What’s a stupid play to make up for this grace from allah
Huge noob here is the massive NIO gain going to happen again soon?
LOLOL
And lose more
I mean, BABA is. It has some political risk with Xi though that might negate technicals.
Lol gains evaporating
The real winner (besides the consumer) is TSMC who has contracts to make all of these chips
think I missed the entry on NIO puts :( 0dte would've been $$$$
Sooooo how low is nio going today?
Maybe, maybe not, bulls will use earnings as an excuse to pump it - despite what citron says. You’ll be safe.
How’s it still green?
Well it was up 45% today and I didn’t sell my sweet sweet weekly calls 🤣
But yes I think it will. I do have pretty cheap March 2021 calls on SOLO

On Nio I have puts as I personally think it’s overpriced and will fall

But then what do I know I’m 20% down today thanks to PTON BABA
Imagine expecting nio to keep on going up before the big dogs cash out profits.. remember, we only eat crumbs
When President Xi pulls out of Jack Ma's ass and finishes all over his face and Jack Ma says thank you sir may I have another.  People are going to fear at any time another fuck u move from the Chinese government could come continuing to make an example of Ali Baba and Jack Ma.
Perfect time to buy the NIO dip. Pussies getting scared off by Citron will regret it later.
wrapped in fo' vogues
baba
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**GOLD**|**$26**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.53**|**$26.01**|**2227**|**391**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgj11c09s0q0720c6qv7aq6) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/MaxKevinComedy/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   56.0|2.19|2.23|2.27|0.09|216.56%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 56.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 56.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc63thx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
No you're not retard calm down
Have a quick fap, use that money to buy vix calls or UVXY shares
" Xi and other senior leaders, who read government reports about the speech, were furious. Reportedly, Xi ordered Chinese regulators to investigate and possibly shut down the IPO. "

look you retards. Xi says it and it's done. that's what you're buying into.
400% but i only bought one because i got burned earlier in the week buying multiple CLOWN EMOJI
Then you aren’t really bearish if you don’t think we’ll drop below $343 by 12/18 lol
Daily reminder to stop SIMPing and stay hydrated 😎
Yes
Literally what’s going on.
Exactly, it's spelled quite differently.
Yup, picked up a few Nov 20 17.5c at open today. Already up a nice amount.
Where did all the nio to $60 peeps go
I feel bad for the guy who bout my 55 strike 11/13 calls for 1.25 each
FSR get the fuck in now.
Eat your loss dump into NIO 11/20 $56c
this feels like the fakest market rally of all time, literally only the meme stocks are up
Oh yeaaaaah NIO PUTS PRINTING
Bro you’re dead
45 gone 🤡🤡
All it does it beat earnings, but price go down must mean stock is bad!
Imagine having NIO puts and selling them this morning when NIO was up bigly. I’d be kicking myself hard
Wait till earnings
STOP THE COUNT!
I accidentally bought $4000 in calls cause I put in 200 instead of 20. And I also can’t sell them today cause I’ll get PDT restrictions. Basically just gotta hold them over the weekend and hope I don’t get absolutely fucked Monday. Or maybe I just take the ban?
Wait for eod
Put it in PCG
or when u see a stock on the front page for 1wk +
I got 12/18 49P...

So, samesies!
As nke said “Just Do It”
Bought LI at $39 as I could not trade in aftermarket yesterday. Am down €1.000 at the moment 😭
Pigs getting fucking slaughtered.
I’m greedy af.
Same I got calls and am getting slaughtered :(
79% on my NIO calls
Have you seen the IV? Calls or puts get the hell out before earnings.
Time to take a stab at NIO?
Palo Alto finally trying to break out? Please, I have been bagholding @ $265 for months now.
Post your plays so we can inverse them
Buy AMWL while it’s down! Especially because we’re all going into lockdown again in 10 min hahaha
DKNG will end the day red, yes or no?
11/20 what?
Tuesday or Wednesday I believe
I bought half during dip gonna buy more Monday just in case
[removed]
There cars a shit, there to slow to even run in the USA
Too low IMO
Thought the signs said not to feed the 🌈🐻s. Can't you people read?
[deleted]
I made 4K this week using only 7K it’s doable the more money you have I could use 50K and double up easy
Ba has formed a bull flag on the 1 and 3 month charts. Risky play in my opinion.
If you hold stocks you're safe.  BABA ain't going anywhere soon.  Options...you might be fucked.
lockdowns
Once this market collapses I think they’ll ban options unless you have $25k in your account
🤡🤡🤡
Delusional?
Honestly, I think it’s done for now.
So we buying NIO calls at close.... and selling 0.5 seconds into open on Monday?
Bought and held 200 Nio 11/13 60c for a total of 12 minutes this morning. Popping bottles all day and weekend, see you beautiful fucks Monday
Nio from +10 to - 10


Congrats to the guys that took at the top

And fuck me
Bud Light
stimmy is riced in
[deleted]
That’s what I thought, a friend said something that tripped me up. I just wanted to mess around so I didn’t spend any real money, like $10.
Forreal. I left so much money on the table by selling my NIO puts early and now I can’t even fomo back into more. Seriously considering liquidating my IRA to dump into my brokerage and taking a 5k cash advance from my CC to meet the 25k equity limit
Hi God it’s me again
lots of model S in switzerland as taxi. always nice.
Cool sub
[deleted]
Yeah. I only mentioned it because a post trending earlier on Reddit was talking about how good the talk radio and radio stations are in GTA, so I picked up San Andreas for my phone to burn time when standing in the plasma line. I already spend 2 hours a day reading stock bullshit, might as well do something else sometimes too lol
Water
It’s makes my 200 loss feel better
There is like 0 selling pressure on spy rn.
I got 80c 11/20 so i think you be aight
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m a fucking autist too. I doubled down
[deleted]
Serious valuations concerns with NIO. Stop with the euphoria.
[deleted]
What crack are you smoking that you think people who talk shit about TSLA are the ones pumping NIO lmao
I am so unbelievably fucked.
Weed getting lifted again
Just the premium
Ok, thanks, i also sold some today after the drop, but my expiry is not until 27th and some into 18th of December. I also actually think that the liftoff NIO had from XPEV and LI earnings (which both were beyond overexaggerated anyway), will not carry forward into NIO earnings and will be more of a sell the news event. After the earnings (hopefully) sell off, i will get back in somewhere in the low 30s. Good luck!
AMZN
Both?
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/specialtyfaculty the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It's come so far since I was writing my IPO DD in 2014...
[deleted]
NIO going to breach 45?
Just sold all my NIO shares I bought at $32, now just calls.
Sell?
How do you assess the status of the corporate bond market?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes buy more and bag hold more 😂
Cuz GYNA give nio money
[deleted]
Sold Nio at the top today, jump back in or is it over?
nice !
[removed]
Being down like 90% or more to the point where you should hold through earnings because there’s basically no risk if it tanks lol
Covering all of Left's shorts lol.
Sorry...is this a nio only sub....my bad, LMFAO
Yes
If we just hold 45, 50 Monday is a distinct possibility
Yes if you bought shares or non-weekly options. Which no one in this sub does
FSR and KNDI ftw
[deleted]
Stop the count lol.
[deleted]
Not worried about an IV crush? Those call prices are insanely high
Imagine listening to some retard at citron for stock advice 🤡🤡🤡
Here we go drill down boys
[deleted]
This post didnt age well
Please tell us. Already down 30% on my calls I purchased this morning.
funny how intel stopped inovation in the pc industry for a decade and thanks to lisa su and now apple it gets an rapid evolution. im so hyped about the future
Bag holders not adjusting their limit price out of retardation. Desperately hoping some 19 year old Econ major in community college will “buy the dip” on the next Luckin Coffee
Is this a good dip to buy more NIO shares?
Hahahahahaha every single time this happens... when will people learn that when 9/10 people in here talk about a stock, its time to buy puts
Better be worth 25k
I think we can all agree short sellers are a plague to the market
HD and NVDA not recovering
when is earnings
Killer hangover. Edibles or kratom?
realllyyy?
Wrote some Nov 27 covered calls yesterday, pessimistic, been nothing but sideways.
Although we already knew of Guggenheim’s $500m stake in $PSTH, their 13F just showed it is their 2nd largest overall position...

https://twitter.com/yolocapitalmgmt/status/1327298780560027656?s=21
11/20 i'll shit my pants by 11:00pm or ban me
RIP to this guy
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/toolatetoblink the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fauci said Moderna could release results any day now over the next week and Pfizer said their safety data comes in the third week of November (next week) so yes
Welcome to r/niostreetbets you fucking retards

Fuck you normies
Wait, isn't this the company that was short tesla from $30 to $500 before getting buttfucked so hard by green dildos that they finally changed their mind to long.
I've fallen for every single one of them
HA thanks for buying my puts. I should have never had those
Bought NIO puts yesterday. Thank fuckin god. Hold through earnings? It’s not like they’ve made any actual money sooo
If NIO goes below 40, I’m betting my house on it
underrated comment right here \^
Lose money because I’m a retard.
Make money because I’m a lucky retard.
It was way too high honestly. It needed a trim
Whoever bought nio at 54 may god have mercy
I hope NIO crashes and burns. Back in late June early July NIO was getting a lot of hype in WSB and I YOLOd into NIO calls that were somewhat deep ITM, dated 7 weeks out, thought I was being smart. Overnight one day when all other stocks were green NIO bombed & I went down 85%. I held until expiration waiting for the rebound and watched my 85% loss climb to 100%. All the shithead NIO bulls went into hiding just to reemerge a week after my calls expired and this present run started. NIO is overbought, highly volatile, and it's constantly being manipulated. I've crawled back to only 50% down for my all time but I could never bring myself to be bullish on that POS again FUCK NIO
Fuck 🍎. I’ll my bros eat 🍑
I want to buy it but it has a 5 dollar commission smh
PTON is making me naseous
Why it so low
Pisses me off how some cuck organization can just buy a bunch  of puts then say "We suggest selling your position now its only worth $25".
iv still stupid
Tenjugo hands
JD
Fuck day trading restrictions
Fsr 20c!!!!
I need to have a serious word with Citron right now, overvalued stock my ass
Yeah, right. I bought this morning and it’s taking hard. Fuckin your bitch asses for the pump and dump
Suck a dick soyboy anyone stupid enough buying Nio after a 1000% run in less than a year deserves to lose money
Only if its earnings are good.
BABA isn't getting support until Jack Ma bends over and literally lets President Xi fuck him in the ass in front of the Chinese people.  He FUCKED UP big time.  Seriously until there is public sign of forgiveness by Xi and the Chinese government people are going to stay away from this like its a barrel of rotten fish.  Ass fucked twice in 2 weeks...  people are going to fear that at any moment another fuck u move could happen.  So many people thought they were going to get rich on BABA this month and leveraged and got wiped.
Y’all need to quit bugging on NIO. It’s a weekend sell off, happens every Friday. It will rally again starting either EOD today or next week. 

This shit going to moon until earnings, then drop, then rally again.
Calculated YOLO plays
If moderna annouces successful vaccine data like pfizer did then you will absolutely be right. That data is coming in the next week or 2. It was submitted for analysis yesterday.
the best thing about having bought AAPL shares many years ago is that i always have a well to dip into every time my account goes into a deficit or i'm in a margin call because i'm such a shit trader
How the fuck do people keep chasing shit like nio when it's clearly overbought. I'll never get it.
Sounds like you’re gonna cry? You okay?
Imagine putting a bearish article with a big red siren on everyone’s trading app, getting to tank a stock, and buy up all the cheap calls while selling your puts that were about to get raped.
Soooo you think 2,300% is sustainable? Not even Telsa could do that after 5 years.
u talm bout nio? u think only one put to multiple calls is really ample protection?
What % of your portfolio?
Imo yes
98% profit on my Nio puts.
Thanks homie
Okay I am positioned well for a big multiday drop in SPY, get ready for the biggest green dildos ever
so a 800M market cap? Lol chill
I bought the dip but I think 44 eod
Not really, it’s actually different than NKLA
Considering I don’t have to step into a mall, absolutely. 
Cinnabon 📉
McDonalds 📈
Eh, people bought when it made sense are fine. People who bought at 40$+ should've known they were gambling to begin with.
Why’s nio call still green lmao
No ones going to buy their pos three wheel golf cart.
when will that be?
Alexa play - Nio tippin on fo fo's
Have you seen the monthly chart? It was going to pull back at some point it just needed a catalyst
This post screams 🌈🐻.

We all know what happens to 🌈🐻’s.
Has been trading somewhat in sync with other EV companies exapt for today. Depends on the broader market i think.
Sitting at the 50 MA so stonks go uppies 🤷🏼‍♀️
Lol. I’m praying NIO gets Luckin’d. Please God do us a solid.
Fucking citron destroying nio
Well...
Looks like your gonna have to fuck a dead bear on Tuesday you sex addict
We who are about to die salute you
Nio 40 EOD
I’m sure citron wasn’t loaded to the gills with puts or anything when they published
I'm doing that right now.  Keep averaging down to.
'I'm holding till it moons' like the 1000% growth so far is not a moon landing. Lmao same tho
I wonder who might’ve called this, oh it was citron. I wonder what other calls they’ve made recently
I was first in line and got shitty deals
[deleted]
Volume on nio puts is going up like crazy
I remember a few days ago, I asked in this group how did you all like my Call of NIO at $50 and 1 loser in particular with some anger issue  told me to go back in my mom's basement...lol yeah I was on the money and that raging loser can suck a fat one
Big Short 2: Chinese Vehicles
Cypher about to unplug NIO from the matrix
I'm old enough to know what you mean without playing GTA...LOL

[Here's a little something for those holding NIO calls right now](https://youtu.be/f8hT3oDDf6c)
Nio 🐂🐂🐂
[removed]
You could win more
Do you think it will? It shot up like 15% today. Might wait for it to drop a bit lower and buy
NTES earnings
Who the fuck uses cash app
To add to this...Jay Leno is one of the most well known gear heads with his massive car collection, when he was asked about EV's future...he thinks the EV will be the new switch...like the car from the horse & buggy. Before cars...the stench of horse shit was everywhere in New York city...when cars came, the horse shit went away and the air became cleaner. Leno believes that with more EV's on the road, other gear heads like himself won't have to worry so much about running out of gas to keep their hobby going.
Unfortunately you'll have to sell your electronics to make your car insurance so I don't think ill be hearing from you ;)
NIO NEW DAILY LOW
At first, I thought the image was [Chet from Weird Science](https://youtu.be/YIYJpbAK6MY)
So what you’re saying is hold to expiration got it thanks
its run so far so fast tho, why do u think this will pop next?
Lets see those 0 dte nio puts!
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
BABA   290.0|1.23|1.28|1.25|-0.88|45.854%


BABA 290.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc63f5p&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
You should have probably known this before buying.
today?  please please please let that happen
*57c
I like this theory
like Cinnabon good?
My 0dte strategy worked flawlessly. Thanks for the confirmation bias guys see you next friday 💪💰😎
I’m getting hit with a RH 90 day purchasing ban today but it’s going to be worth it
18
lol imagine thinking NIO is done after a 2 page “research” on already known information (Tesla have been cutting prices in china to stay competitive and everyone knows EV stocks are overvalued) . this is just a combined effort to fk 11/13 call holders
And up ahead on the right you'll see NIO 40P
citron and it was due for a pullback
Lmao @ nio euphoria bag holders
Holding this BABA 295c 11/27 til it dies.
Maybe sell a little at 100 👁‍🗨
is this what finally kills NIO the One? Agent Smith?
What is the next NIO?
Should I sell my AAL today while it’s ok and cal my loss?
🎢📉📈
Andrew left literally mad he sold at 7 lol

https://www.marketwatch.com/story/citrons-andrew-left-sells-out-of-chinas-tesla-rival-nio-2019-02-26
I agree, this isn't a stock I'm currently playing with options on nor heavy volume.
Get out of NIO and buy the top of cruises so this shit can drill guys.
FSR has more legs
Uhh puts
It got filled😅😅😫😫
Anything you "buy to open", calls or puts, you risk only what you pay to buy them. Unlimited potential losses come from selling to open.
Market makers making their 100th move today
If mama su isn’t the time person of the year I will literally flip shit
Fskr
I’m in 45.5 p
There's a 15 min block for NIO where ~17M shares were mainly sold for 10 min and then mainly bought for the last 5min. Coincidence? I don't think Citron is the real culprit here. Someone big needed a dip to get in. My humble conspiracy theory for today lol
5x FEAC $20 calls for 2/18/21
You just witnessed the end of the run up.
We really think spy going to pass the ATH with no stimmy anytime soon? Puts.
Made my first profit today
I was going to say...one of us is retarded....and I dont think it's me (today).
I am sure many here would appreciate if you elaborated on this comment.
What's the news on ACB??
For every 50k gain from one guy, there’s 20 blown up accounts
If its your first PDT restriction do it, you can reset it without the 25k maint requirement. If its not your first time then your fucked
SPY puts started their Black Friday sale early!  Whose loading up?
This dip is ultimately a good thing for NIO. If it holds its position above support, it will have filled its gaps and can continue on back up.
Going to 12 bc why tf not
I like how it JUST crashed
Was hoping that was the case, that’s what it looks like. I’m relatively new the the market so wasn’t completely sure but sounds good 👌
NIO to 38... Watch
Be patient acb has formed a bull flag pattern
Citron Research is the ultimate gay bear.
[deleted]
Cruise puts dummy
i do not give any investment advice. do your own research because it is your OWN money
shhh nobody tell him
Yeah I agree with that. I just don’t think it’s a fair comparison to PRPL haha. 

But to the autists here that blindly buys calls, it might as well be PRPL
[deleted]
Brain starved oof dunning Kruger for table 7 please
AAPL calls still at a discounted rate
Someone’s miserable he got nio calls at its high
idk man, the chinese people at the local takeout place always sound pretty happy and they are definitely not hitting their EPS
Double down on pton calls
It got filled😀😀
HEY, HEY YOU, YEA YOU, i missed out on the chinese ev run, whats the next fat play?
This markets pissing me off. BABA, SQ down, SPY up, limp dick GME, it’s about as opposite as I guessed
i always assume somebody just made a huge dumb losing play when that happens
Calls on Aol
nio party over
risk more, make more.
BABA bagholders gonna get burned F
If you are trading with couple hundred K.  50k isn’t crazy.  There is a wide range of account values here, there are a few people playing with 7 or more figures on here.
Why didnt you cash out at least 100k?
nobody in this thread has heard of earnings IV
Well, my gut was right and it hit my price target pre-market but could not unload the options.
That 280 volume looks so funny to me lol
Nio about to drill hard if it breaks down 45
Let's Fuck Citron!
I’ll remind you on Tuesday when I get them sweet tendies ;)
Die NIO Die
PLTR the 1/15 calls r pretty cheap
Chinese is a language of all inflections, that won’t even help you haha
RemindMe! Two weeks.
I guess it all depends if you think EV train will continue in the upcoming months.
idk it broke the Bollinger bands, anything could happen to it now
All Nio call holders, you’ll make the same money buying puts you know right?
they go in with the intention of losing it all and posting here, but sometimes it works for the few
Y'all pointed out how badly overvalued Tesla is, but pump Nio?  Lmfao, Nio's current valuation is even worse than Tesla's...by far.
What is ACB doing?
I wish TSLA would stop shitting itself
Oh no! Feels bad
Buddy, that’s what you sound like too. I hate to break it to tou
same goes to those trading youtube ads. those poeple who get filmed are so cringe
life will be great if PTON goes below 100 and TSLA goes below 400 and both stay there.
[deleted]
Never
It dipped ;)
is there anyway this holds up by EOD? Holding back so hard putting 10k on puts for the 3pm dump to 354-355
Did your wife’s boyfriend tell you that
Almost half this sub tried to time puts on corona cases earlier this year and got ass blasted. I'm guessing the new autistic short bus rolled in this quarter.

And now you got me pining for shrimp tacos
To all the NIO holders out there, just know that we have all been there.  You don't wanna sell but you know you should.  You'll hold over the weekend and tell yourself it will be ok while deep down knowing that it won't be.

Monday hits and the depression kicks in.  "I should have sold" you will tell yourself.  So you sell.  Then on Tuesday it rallies to new highs
ACB has giant retard strength behind it
Immediate ban
Someone’s downvoting like crazy 😂
🤣🤣🤣 I just realized he got puts. LMAOOOOO
Come back next week. Negative is coming.
Same tho. But buying at the perfect low is a hard prediction.
Nio 47c 11/20
Why stay at home stonks all red?
The most noble of all gangs
What color ferrari?
Limit sells
Why did you slowly pull your money out. You need to actually buy calls or puts to make money.
💎🤲
FSR and FUBO
Do you know anything about the company you’ve sunk your life savings into or do you just know they sell guns, people want guns, so stock will go up?
I'm ready for the "wHy iS tHe mArKeT Up??" posts when new stay-at-home orders fail to give us a market crash. The uncertainty is gone, Q2 and Q3 earnings were fine, the election was fine.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/MaxKevinComedy don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ACB next meme stock. Again.
Thank you 🙏🙏

Not to mention, there's no signs of a serious macro economic slowdown at all yet. Everyone knows the USA will NOT actually have a true lockdown.
Angry NIO bag holder on a downvoting rampage. Upvotes for everyone
Use a 1million bankroll
Ah so it's PLTR? I'd just buy it now, I doubt the IV will drop enough to warrant the potential loss you'll see if you delay buying it.
Sold NIO at 52🤷🏽‍♂️
Ma200
My best trade was like a $200 gain. It's all relative. Throw more money at it.
Lol imagine thinking this is the bottom
200
Premier oil? PMO 16p stocks atm in the past it’s peak was 123££ any chance of a return, if all goes well, huge amounts of money to be made!!!!

I’ve currently got 979 shares, I’ve been holding for a while now, what you guys suggest?? Hold or sell and accept the loss :/
I don't disagree at all, I thought nio was an awesome buy earlier this year in light of China's controlled economy (I stopped trading a few months ago after I realized I was no longer being rational), but like... Once shits being spammed that hard here you gotta realize that these plays are getting riskier
Yes Fubo will be big actually.
Positions???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
so all in calls?
retarded OTM cals. Eventually one of them will work out
back to even AMA
[deleted]
[deleted]
COST making everyone wear masks now.. calls
That’s what I keep thinking, but I think they’re getting Anti trust slapped by China
Haven't made any huge moves in awhile. In August got out of leveraged SPY and FAANG since the volatility decay and rebalancing eats up gains. Not worried about a crash since its a long term buy but taking profit is probably prudent.
I like to bleed my account every once in awhile... just to keep it honest
Its a meme Chinese stock. They're R&D is probably a room full of bootleg solidworks and altium, shit Chinese printers, some knock off bridge ports, and a wall full of chinesium.
Buy more calls/puts
130 secret service members tested positive or quarantining. Everyone gonna be working from home for 2 weeks by Thanksgiving. All in instacart.
buy the dip
What is the next support level for Baba?
Fucking Winnie the Pooh man he's such a bitch
The music today isn’t anywhere near as good as the nineties were. Just play GTA SA and you’ll see what I mean.
Netflix needs to make a shitty original called algo wars
I still feel good about EVs not named Tesla. More buying opportunities today for long term outlooks
[deleted]
108 11/20 :(
$FSR
This aged poorly (for now 😉)
[deleted]
market is so scared right now lol, yall seeing this? low ass volume -> MERNIPULAYYYSHOONN
salty nio bull downvoting lololol
Anyone know why all the recovery stock is mooning 6%+?
My bear brothers r fuk.  


Only bisexual bears survive my brothers.
Buys puts immediately dies
Stupid bears gonna lose money over the weekend

!Remind me 72 hours
Cheaper price for the big bois before the run up
It is a result of that report. Literally only that report.
When is the BABA breakout?
Hey downvoter, it won’t save your worthless NIO calls 🤡🤡🤡
NIO:  “Hold my beer”
Same think 45 is the floor, fuck Citron gay ass
:(
The entonation is all that matters
They switched hard mode on, didn’t they...
How common is this scenario? You called the first part perfectly - Citron tweet fucked everyone who bought at the open. Have you seen this a lot?
The NIO calls I sold literally yesterday at noon are still down 20% (or I guess up, i’m down 20%)
no you technically bought it at a major support level, on top of that is Nov 27th plenty of theta feud.
Nah holding all yolo
Buy low sell high
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jackearlesfl the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO mooning on Monday because Monday isn’t Friday 13th

You heard it here first
Hopefully your right because i bought at $52 and I don't feel very good right now.
Like just NOW? Kiss your profits goodbye
ACB going vertical
Wtf is up with $CNK? Movie theaters popular again?
I'm a therapist bro.. you can talk to me
The secret is no one makes that consistently every day
Insane buying pressure on U
I don't even listen to the phone call I just watch the numbers go up or down and sell accordingly
That's why I don't like selling options. Also it can really fuck you bad if it goes against you
be less poor and inverse me
need a 500$ play
Or he secretly buying this dip and fronting shit to those eating. Not making a judgment either way, but you need to step back and look at what’s going on and don’t base your entire plan on one dude fronting his take on things.
Is nio down because of citron? Or just normal fluctuation?
Bets on how the mango fucks the markets today?
Who tf is Citron? They took my NIO tendies
[deleted]
I just would like to see a couple dollar jump on NIO so I can get out. Slept in a missed the spike this morning like an idiot.
Or should I sell a 40p for next friday
I saw like 12 new posts last night about SHOULD I BUY NIO CALLS????
NIO is no TSLA, no where near it actually lol
Which means they're going to talk about how Fisker already went bankrupt once with their shitty car no one wants, and how Citron is clowning on the EV valuations given the wild run-up
Hehe, un-Call-ed for.
Holding 3550 support very well.

No. Don't do it.
Have a succulent Chinese meal to feel better
NKLA consolidated, ready to squeeze higher after lunch
Where
Oh shit I thought LI was Monday. Do you know what time their report will come out?
citron short seller research report
Now we see a great example of why NIO IV was so high haha
[deleted]
"if you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got."
If you guys with deep pockets wanna manipulate NIO you should make it close under 43.70. That will trigger large crayon related selling.
Not if you bought Monday morning
People freaking at NIO hitting a resistance and comes back down. Resistance will be at $44. $1200 by Monday EOD.
If boeing breaks 190-192 we are at least going to 216, but i think we will retest June high or $230 and could possibly get to $250 before we pull back. 737 recertification and moderna vaccine data could be the catalysts next week.
Ha. That’s me. I got fucked.
[deleted]
[deleted]
big facts
Lol everyone that keeps pushing for a sell in NIO either salty they didn’t get in during the 30s or want to drill some last minute puts...

NIO ARMY UNITE
Spy isn’t a bond goofy
How are you assholes making like 50k in a day? My best trade EVER was only a 2k gain. Not gonna get rich on +2k a month fellas what’s the secret
Lmfao there’s actually someone a couple posts below you asking if you really have to pay a margin call. I know exactly how they lost their money.
> "I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious." - Albert Einstein
I doubt their ER is gonna impress, but you never know
Bought calls at open. “I can’t believe you done this”
Didn't you say Windows wouldn't update earlier too? I have no love for Chrome, and don't use it, I use Edge.
MRNA
NIO buy volume was so high this morning, there's gonna be another round of buying to average down and likely $55+ Monday for an earnings sell off. Another boom in buy orders after lunch...this shit's gonna see 600m+ in volume EOD and probably $53 again.

No positions, just chart grilling.
[removed]
Makes sense
Eod 100%
48.30
You better be super far OTM on the put side 😂😂😂
I'm buying SQ and TAN
HYG, a corporate bond ETF. As you will see this ETF moves in tandem with the indices.
[removed]
pigs get fat, hogs get slaughtered
never doubt momma lisa su shevwill lead amd in the good path just be patient.
Got rid of my NIO puts too early....oh well green is green
If somehow you managed to owe more than you have, they will likely liquidate everything and maybe sue you.
If you've still got 30+ years of growth just leave indexes on autopilot. If you're looking to do actual, plain investing, I recommend dollar cost averaging. Put in say $1000 every month. It may go down in the short run but long term growth should significantly outweigh.

If you've only got a few years left I would consider cashing out now though.
No worries it's actually a good sign that it has stabilized compared to other stocks.
What’s sending CNK?
So not trying to blow this play up but BABA is yugely on sale rn correct?
Bullish
Check my history. I can’t work full time. I try to post 10 times an hour that NIO 35 Tuesday. Up 20k today on puts. Pog.
they sold 5 consoles a minute on their online/brick and mortar stores since release
nah ZM will slice through 400
I love how all the bulls come together to help each other and even the gay bears. NIO $100 Feb 2021, suck it citron
I’m reading on Twitter that several TSLA employees have tested positive.
No I'm not short these companies whos balance sheets are manipulated by the second largest govt in the entire fkn world...
Low volume midday pump on SPY never fails
[removed]
[deleted]
Yea I’m sure it’s Citron’s dream to buy Nio at 63bil
[deleted]
Should I buy nio shares or wait til eod
I'm holding onto my 12/18 calls through Earnings.....ngl a little scared haha. Im just not selling this low to watch it soar back up
a-another nio mid day p-pump?
NIO down big but some 11/20 calls are still up lmao
Bought yesterday and sold this morning for 200%
I am 99% bull but I do like the boomer stocks that have pumped on vaccine news to the downside... a little bit too much optimism for where we are at imo... but im a moron
Online shopping?
BABA gang does not deserve this
45.50
No way in hell it finishes at 49.
[deleted]
I'll gladly buy back in once the IV is lower and I have free cash. It's a good company but too many weak hands holding for the ER right now
NIO NIO NIO 👶💩
[deleted]
NIO went up 3000% this year. Take a step back and ask yourself if youd call someone retarded for investing in a company that has gone up 3000% this year.
11/20 puts for the win
45 is bottom boys.
"Demand for EVs in China is likely to remain robust as the Chinese government wants about 25% of all new cars sold in the country to be electric by 2025, up from roughly 5% at present."

https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2020/11/04/nio-xpeng--li-auto-why-chinese-ev-stocks-are-soaring/?sh=2f666d4659e2
Why would NIO shed 10% in an hour days before earnings
Theoretically if someone has 10c 11/13 GE and they’re worth nothing today do they lose just the premium or is there more at risk
If ur up right now I’d sell
Gonna be more sales for Nio reported on earnings
Puts on NIO cause I hate money  
45.5p 11/20
CNK puts fucking me at the moment. I am done buying puts on retard stocks.
need a 7k play
U think this is crazy? just wait till unity becomes a meme
u/Emojify_Creator
I also bought ACB yesterday because I hate money. Lmao someone take my money away please
Just have to listen for positive inflections in their voice
Ah yes, another person we'll never hear from again in a month after the market flips on its fucking head for no reason.
[deleted]
WSBer who bought NIO at $50+ this morning: i was promised tendies.
GREEN DILDO XOM STOP FKING AROUND!
Fuck yeah broskie bro January is a whole lotts time to gain on these mfers
This is tagged as "shitpost" but it's just "loss"

Tendies>tushy
Sell half!
probably true
Mods
🤡 hi
[deleted]
NY SCHOOLS CLOSING ON MONDAY
🚨 The McDonalds cinnamon roll is good 🚨
No nerd unrelated
SELL NIO SELL NIO 40 EOD
Sold my 2/19/2021 50c right at the top too. Wish I could pretend it was anything other than luck.
Lmao that’s cute...
I’m currently loaded on puts boo boo 
Ready for YOU to get slaughtered
They’re like the annoying neighbor that doesn’t get invited to the parties because no one likes them, so they call in a noise complaint.
Calls it is
if i had any profits to speak of i'd probably throw some that way just in case
Not long, airlines, resorts, cruises, etc might get a slight bump for the holidays but I think it comes crashing down again.
Nah, NIO will moon like crazy next week
[deleted]
Daft. We're all looking for any news/event to provide local GME spikes to help trigger short squeeze, not invested in the long term health of this company.

But also...what other retail would you buy a console from? I'd rather go to gamestop than wait in the target electronics department for 15 mins to get a rep that's not busy.
Wait for lunch break. 1 to 2pm. That'll probably be today's lowest low.
going to diamond hand these xpev calls bought at the top today, nio earnings next week, thank god I bought them for jan
!emojify
I feel like I spent the whole pandemic practicing for the market to recover and then I missed it because I was tied up in sold calls
does Wendy's sell shrimp tacos? I'd try that
Fuck that worm.
There’s a lot more positive news then just that
All my homies hate Andrew Left 😡
Jesus fuck this made my small smooth brain hurt
No, today is not the day to buy calls.
Tesla you cocksuker. Just go up.
Friday the 13th fucked NIO call holders
Bro I have no clue. I feel like all of this is a guessing game, I do better at blackjack tbh
Buying NIO calls for ER when you won't even be able to fuckin understanding what they're saying on the call is a true WSB move
EV has a brighter future than mattresses though. Especially if propped up by CCP.
From one bear to another, no
I don’t give af I will buy calls at 3:59 just in case we have a retarded big green dildo gap up monday morning.
Still holding NIO 45c 11/27, am i fuk for monday?
“Guys have you heard of COVID? I think the market is gonna drop soon”
11/20 44p?
RemindMe! 1 year "did I lose all my money?"
Lowkey👀
Road NIO up, made 100%.  Took just the profits of that and bought puts just now.
double bottom on intraday, blow off top on daily? lol
Came back from the dead y’all! At one point I was down 90%, but I didn’t give up then. Thank you guys, seeing your failures made me feel better and eventually I hit the jackpot
Nyc schools to be closed starting Monday. Is ATVI going to do something ?
[removed]
Still winning. I thought a pullback was a possibility not even surprised. Im still in it to win it man today doesn’t even phase me
I like that as you say this wonderful Dd all I see next to my baba position is red
Dude ER is next week? Far from over
@ Theta gang, you can sell 10 delta puts on NIO for 1.9% return on a weekly
Yeah I mean I have no market knowledge so probably best to not listen to me.

Great to find out chickens have lips though, strong knowledge.
NIO GAY BEARS GO AWAY!!!
Please dont buy
 Fuck NIO for now long NIU?
Truee. But i am trajecting wrong. New plan: go work at costco. They give you stock as a full time employee!
SOLVENCY CRISIS
Easy lyft gains... not too late btw
CNBC finally talking about FISKER + China EVs. 
Discounted right night boys - BUY BUY BUY
Honestly shitcoin is looking better and better these days
BA poots?
“The officials will probably make that decision by early to mid-December, according to a senior Treasury Department official.” 

That’s definitely why. Thanks for the link!
I did it I had almost sold at the top of nio and my weak paper hands closed out at break even thinking it was just the morning dip...
WHY BABA WHY
Why buy puts when there's vaccine news soon.?Market is already reinvesting in the same dumb shit it bought this Monday.
alright, i'm a retard, do you have any predictions of your own? any tickers I can monitor to assess the developments?
This is a good idea. This makes sense. Nobody will listen.
Nio bears congrats. You deserve this one day. Get out before ER tho that shit will kill you.
That girl sleeping lmao wtf
My portfolios daily chart is shaped like a rocket. Bullish?
Yah uhh... it doesn’t just suddenly go to 400... check my post history. Been buying puts for a week. Averaging down as it climbs. Up $20k (100%) today alone
The LI auto ER is today and NIO is next week.
SNAP PUTS
NIO taking the type of shit I take after a warm Luckin Coffee
SIMP GANG
Nio EOD predictions
I bet my Tesla holdings it won't kill him. He may die with it, but not from it.
I was sad on my paper hands leaving yesterday but now I am rejoicing AND I didnt fomo back into the top. I am learn
both
Free money
Thank you sir
Spy pootssssss 🌈🐻
How about entry on shares I want some at $240?
Buying calls but half eod and half Monday
But what about the four witchmen?
I pulled nearly 400 dollars purely off shares in the past two weeks. Not a bad haul for a smaller account.
PLTR get back up there you whore
If 45 breaks nio drilling down to 42
[removed]
hah, a literal cuck and a literal jew. fuck that salty ass cuck tbh
Fuck I didn’t realise it was Friday 13th

Of course NIO would tank I should’ve checked the date
that's what I did, well got it yesterday, but todays gains covers it.
Sold my $40 calls RIGHT at the top baby.  Still time for my puts to print... drillllllll
You guys are tards, when Tesla was beating every analyst ppl were still buying... will be laughing once NIO tips the $60s before or after earnings report...
At least you’re still up sounds like
Lol I sold 60 for less than that
I sold my calls at $53 for a 300% return but if I had day trades left I would definitely be buying this dip. I’m not done with NIO yet I plan on buying back in before earnings I just don’t know what the weekend holds to buy back now.
[deleted]
I had a good return but clearly sold too quick.  Got 400% though.
Low vol = pump
I am buying before market close for earnings
So I actually cashed out some of my VOO for NIO / CRSR / PLTR. I’m gonna hold NIO for at least a year so I just keep buying it every week or every two weeks
Will weekend news be a vaccine or lockdowns ?
[deleted]
If GM was actually profiting on their super cheap EV in China, don’t you think they would say so instead of avoiding the question? I think it’s a play for market share and they’re bleeding.
you're one of the few ppl that has shown actual intellectual curiosity in what I do. rather than "how can I make money."
For a put ? I only got 1500$
Imagine thinking NIO isn't going to be $55+ Tuesday.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/iamverysmart/](https://www.reddit.com/r/iamverysmart/)
Tesla is completing a wedge, wedge ends on Thanksgiving week

You've been warned

Massive dildo up or down on Thanksgiving week for tsla
[deleted]
I feel as if only theta is winning on NIO today.
Ccl what the fuck!?
I mean, it's sorta like the 1990s now.  Still lots of heroin, but the music isn't as good right now.
[deleted]
So haven't been on the NIO wagon but I am now.  Looked like it was on sale.  Ready to double down if needed. Choo choo.
CALLS ON JD
Did ya buy puts at the top, dad?
Lol nice bubble bro
[deleted]
Nope, sold at open for a loss 🙃
Biggie?
codx just made its monthly move up, now mm's short
[deleted]
no, only one department.
Still does not change the fact that NIO is extremely overvalued. No need to be lemon to see this.

PTON story is different with COVID. NIO story became absurd with COVID.
If Nio can’t break 45 time to load up on more calls
Just be patient, Monday or sometime next week will be red. So many bad catalyst. Don’t be shaken out so easily. Spy can drop in a heart beat.
We just got to wait for msft or sony to say shit consoles sold out everywhere
I’m only able to get some 12-15$ puts per share they are running alittle higher than that
Happy Cake Day!
[deleted]
plz buy puts then
[deleted]
👏🏼 👏🏼
[removed]
Thank you for the comforting read. Bought $75k of shares at $246 in July. Was worth $95k not too long ago, never sold any, and now back down to just above where I started. 

Got in for the long haul, though. Gotta keep reminding myself of that.
Just like everyone else, testing has him at a 50/50 chance.
NIO will go to 35 on earnings retard
Idk man i just been feeling good. How is U?
Anyone buying the DIS dip?
This Post is hurting a lot of people's feelings, lol! The Upvote/downvote swing has been crazy.
Read that article from Citron. They decided to cash in early. Too early imo. Thats their choice. But they'll will have to live with the regret of not staying in when this green dildo gets them in the ass on monday.
BEAR TRAP
Huge move from CNK, anyone know why?
lost 50% gains
No resurrections this time NIO
Good
the fact that martin shkreli is not free is an outrage.
Take profits you retards. Pigs get slaughtered
People die because a recession too
Your prostate got tickled by that shit and you gave in.

A true sub femboy.
You should delete this.. Robinhood hackers only need to use your name and last 4 digits of checking
Are you accounting for the recently introduced anti-monopoly regulations, or China’s overall political risk? The CCP can snap it’s fingers and change the landscape.
 
I am long BABA as well but these are real things to consider.
But citron is shit so they have no credibility.
Happy to see atleast a few people cashed out of NIO with good to great profits. This sub is only 99% autistic instead of 100.
Good thing I have one suspect NIO put that might print by EOD
sold NIO puts too soon. Always happens.
Lol..you are late
Launchpad for 70
Lol at NIO
That’s when it really tanks
GM resist at $41 / support at at $33

37p 11/27 could be a many bagger =/
We'll be back with a vengeance next week.  
It'll either be the resurrection, or the death knell.  


Either way, you're going to be hearing NIO all the way up until WED.
Lol it's 450mm and its a Canadian ev company. Their car experience was for making like custom cars. Their not worth that much wait for it to pop again if you believe in them
volume on spy is pathetic
Red
NIO
My may calls don’t give a flying fuck
Nio dropping more lmao
I feel like no one learned shit from Prpl. Now they all have chafed NIOpples.
Buying opportunity
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/froaway007 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That would gap my 401k's asshole with just wads of cash.
I sold at top ,  Not sure who is the lucky one
Sell NIO 🤷🏽‍♂️
Fair warning.   The minute I by puts on NIO its going up.
Yes I understand that , but if you are on high leverage , you will have a extra dept right ?
I would if I could
Nio blowing up like I thought it would
Citron eating up the cheap calls now
Thanks for the head up. Sold all NIO at 49.
For how long? I have no faith they stay open
XPENG NIO and LI will pump again 

NIOs earnings are next week!
Literally me right now 😂😂
All the greedy fucks that didn’t sell nio at open today getting shmacked 😂😂
Ok, bought 10 of the 180strike, 12/4 expiry
Talk it out what are you feeling. I’m feeling the same things your are prob
That's exactly why I stayed out of GME.
Might as well of put it all on red in Atlantic City.
On the same boat, hold this thing is going back up big time
I finally gave up on nio and put a condor on it. Gonna try to make money off IV crush and the swings
Holy shit you’re retarded.

You don’t even know what a market cap is do you?
🌈🐻🇺🇸🦅
356.33 until the end of time
sold NIO at its high and i'm proud of it

~~lost the money immediately though~~
How many of you idiots just went broke on NIO
118 AAPL puts
NIO are actually much better looking cars than TSLA
Yup it does. But price rose too much, too fast. NIO is destined to be only 2nd to tesla.
Friendship ended with nio, fsr is my new best friend
🤡🤡🤡 here
Aaaannnd there goes all my gains this week
What did your tarot cards say? I’ve got a lot of files saved about support and resistance levels for entry and exits if you’d like me to send them to you.
Luckily I only lost all the gains I’ve made.
Just barely broke even
Mfucker
I bought 300c 1/2021 in my trading accounts and and 1/2022 in my IRA.
[deleted]
Citrus says sell nio
[deleted]
I will buy so many calls haha
[removed]
For those of you not 100% in NIO or something, what are you doing with your index ETFs? Cash some out? Or keep buying at ATH?
[deleted]
That nio article was a bear who got blasted, but was gonna tank everyone with him
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/justinCrypto don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What’s the false negative rate?
I know one of you Citron mfs are in here! We're onto you.
All love brother. But definitely take care of that margin call.
Seems like 3 wheeled vehicles would have a very small market.  Don't see value there. Seems to be riding EV hotness.
Mods
I still am lost here. SPXS is about $4-5 a share. It's a 3x leveraged ETF so it will lose money insanely fast when the market moves even slightly against it. You're going to buy and hold this to get pennies per share selling calls? What am I missing here?
NIO bear gang
Hint: its cause you're subconsciously about to load your life saving into robinhood.
Mods
boys here is my rant for the day. 

the market does what a majority of people dont expect to happen. i hear a bunch of you clowns on here saying sPy pUts because of the increasing covid cases. Listen ladies and gentlemen every dickbrain on here and on wall street understands the severity of the situation.

As explained last night in my rant, the bond market is the market to be on the lookout for, more specifically the corporate bond market, which at the time of writing this looks to be doing A ok. All of you doomers trying to time this crash are trying to do something, which is very difficult and your rationale of covid numbers increasing is so infantile it is almost laughable. 

Now if you boys and girls can tell me something like I see the spread of s and p to 30 year bonds decreasing or I see the corporate bond market begin to have a liquidity crunch I will start to hear you out. Sometimes you have to look at bigger macroeconomic themes if you really want to reap the rewards of this game. 

This game is not so simple and yes I understand that this is a wendy's, but for fucks sake at least if you go to a wendy's you should know not to order shrimp tacos.
How is U up 12% ??
SPCE to the moon
Has baba bottomed yet, I’m tryna back up the truck and load up heavy on shares
This aged well. Get rekt!
aint no green new deal coming to force ev adoption like china
Luckily I sold higher OTM $60 calls to cushion the blow.

IV was just way too high for me to only buy calls
You don't think high spec growth is cooling off w/ interest rates creeping up?
Oh no, not your sense of smell!
Welcome to what it was like in the .com era, when dumbasses bought wildly overinflated and overvalued companies like pets.com, eToys, etc.  This is what it was like to watch daytraders who thought they were hot shit lose their shirts overnight.  Nio, Li, XPEV = modern day .com like stocks.
Media Covid cases are not so bad 👍

Next day Covid cases bad hospital to full 😱 

Next day Covid don’t matter again buy plane ticket please 😀
F..
Earnings was yesterday
Monday expiry
Sorry guys. its all my fault. I commented [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5nffr?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) minutes before the drop started. Lol
They will sell your holdings.
Just now? Nah
Memes aside I wonder if I should sell nio puts at support or will it make a new low today...
[removed]
fuck should maxed out on those NIO puts
This is looking better and better by the minute
I sold 100 NIO shares for $2.15 each March 18th
A $400 million meme stock? Count me in. 7.5c Jan 2022
This market is complete bullshit 💩
spy puts for sour hour. no one will hold over the weekend.
Your one share really fucked us.
Just flip a coin at this point
So you think the likes of VW are just going to stand by and watch these nobodies push them out of the market? Okayyyyy budddyyyy
I think the NIO party is over :(
Well now NIO is dropping like a motherfucker at like 45 rn so I'll pick up some 45c for next friday
Me a sleepy boy.
[deleted]
I haven’t eaten a lunch at work that wasn’t free in the past 2 months
Small positions on buying while green is my general rule.  It’s better than nothing, and leaves you with enough to average down if you did buy the top and still think it’s got room to run.
You nio bag holders sound a lot like mango man supporters, in denial of your loss lol
Did you hold? Shockingly I held my put and am in good shape here
Nio is still up 10% for the week.  Leap holders shrugging.
You retard

Every heard of "continuing business relationships"

Amd secures deal with ps5

More ps5 sold they need to buy more chips

More chips less dips more chips in my bank acc

Got it???
HOL LEE FUK
puts
buying puts is for dorks 100% of the time
this is to scare off the other investors and corner the market, well played mister wizard.
better hope 45 holds for NIO.
This is a good sign congrats. What job?
So..who bought NIO at the top today?
If I buy it will go down. If I don’t buy it will go up. Life is a prison of my own design.
U think NIO is worth more than BMW or gm?
Citron fucks lots of retail fomo peeps. Citron such asshole
so more calls?
All the GME discussions i've read have pointed at Jan calls being the play. I have a bit of 11/20 also though, i'd love to see some action soon.
Citron said fuck NIO and WSB
Stabilizing to move higher.
Knew it lol
Damn dude, I can buy these for 6.80 rn, I'm a bear, and I'm still not biting.
Rotating like a girl in a brand new dress
Man... 

This actually does make me feel better.
Been looking for some Biden Energy plays. FCEL BE WPRT all are jumping lately? My NIO FOMO is kicking in
come on, states have got to go into lockdown soon, puts on SPY and DIA
Imagine panic selling NIO before ER week because Citron said so

Glad the NIO bears finally got fed though
Wsb feels like home
Looks like someone's eating again!
Guess the SPY lunchtime dip is cancelled today. Everyone making money except NIO top buyers
AMD needs to go down another dollar and the bulls can have it again
Musk also seems to have big dick. It hurts anal.
Musk clones confirmed?!
It’s down 4K now
Nice™️
Who‘s buying consoles at Gamestop these days?
almost there
How is it negative? Last week on Friday it closed at 348. You’re retarded.
0 selling pressure, just a low volume melt up
That's five days in a row. When that bump comes it's gonna be huge.
Half and half.  Florida isn't stopping anything.  Parks are hitting capacity and they are going to open it more. Dis will be at 160 by summer.  Disney also isn't allowing passholders to renew.  So everyone pays when they go.  No accrued revenue.   DIS fans are loyal Md waiting to go.  They also gave all the Verizon wireless subscribers 1 year free access to Disney+.  Guess what, that just expired this week. Millions will be renewing this month and next to see Mando and all other stuff.  I had it on my calendar to cancel and I won't due to Mando.  It will auto renew and I will probably forget it.
Into LI
> Left was born in a Detroit suburb[12] to a Jewish family and later moved with his family to Coral Springs, Florida.

a literal jew, who would've guessed
NIO boys have gone quiet. Finally.
Just buy 2 xboxes instead of one ps, that’ll show ‘em
Citron not unknown for their market manipulation. I'm already hard for the short squeeze.
I got 345 by next week :)
I'm holding but my call options are $7.5 for 12/18
So poots
The boomers keep putting money into the index piggy bank so someone's constantly buying at those prices
Probably sympathy with the DKNG beat
Either I flip a coin - or one of you fuck heads tell me whether to buy SPY calls or puts near market close
A whole world of stocks out there and my guy buys puts on the one that's been mooning all month.
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/09/business/economy/federal-reserve-emergency-loans.html

This should be why
One of us?
[deleted]
lol nio, think its worth buying calls end of day or is the party over?
PLTR please move baby
Oh thats my bad, im not paying enough attention. Yeah big spreads usually result from lower volume which is definitely the difference between the US and Canadian markets.
Is zm a buy since biden proposing 6 week lockdown?
[deleted]
same man...same.
WE TOO LOW
Lmao
Oh my god red! On nio its back to... looks a calendar... yesterday's price
[removed]
If Nio is lulling instead of going down, cool with that for now until it slowly goes upward. Not a fan of retard strength, that slow incline up is healthy
I bought NIO calls at 47.5 for next week. Am I fuk?
So how many greedy fucks didn’t close NIO calls at 53 this morning?
And we live in a society
Yeah, you’re just retarded.
cuz they using the same contract bro, its been less than a year
NIO puts. Pull out in 2 hours.
Still won’t dump. Not suspect at all.
/r/thetagang. And we're here to make money, why not get paid to sell those shares
Where do you buy stocks
Diamond hands, pussies 💎✋ 🐻🤝🐂
Gamestop shares.
damn everyone buying LI now
Yah, just lost $3500 on baba. I had conservative calls too...smh
Well I'm sold
Citron fucked us today....
Short it then
Sum Ting Wong
Average your cost by buying at whatever the price is every 2 weeks or so.
NIO going downsies
No worries guys I just rolled my NIO puts, should be back to 60 EOD
Yeah man iv on NIO crazy, take your gains and wait for the reload opportunity
Some big candles on the daily.
DIE NIO DIE
Eric Andre is a fucking genius.
Vaccine, right?
I've figured out that when I watch and listen to CNBC, I lose money.  When I just look at momentum and read comments here, I make money.
To be honest you should’ve waited for moderna to announce results about their vaccine next week ,the market is gonna respond the same way they did this Monday when Pfizer announced their results ,only if the results are good obviously,just my opinion
> Either support or resistance really
Puts at the bottom, love it
Just looked into SOLO. Looks pretty legit, not a bad speculative long hold. Might buy a few hundred shares and sit.
Dump this shit to 40  let’s go
Difficult to account for a short seller thesis being randomly released.
Either support or resistance really
Check and see if they have an upcoming quarterly update, might be why the IV is at 102%
It's shot every time they've had a flight, but then falls back down. 

It's almost a sure deal for the short term.
Someone please poke GME. Consoles are out, I was promised tendies.
Well well well... I seem to have fucked my own butt this time
Volume of SPY is only 20M so far compared to avg 75m.
PS5 is delayed so I'm going to cancel order and put the $1k into whatever you guys recommend. #fuckSony
I’ll drink my own piss if FSR hits $40 in 3 months
See username
[deleted]
[deleted]
I will be floored if a government contactor produces even enterprise grade software.
BABA is fooked if the overall market goes down
So what’s the stopping point 15000% returns 30000% returns on revenue change on 30% tops? Do you get how much it’s moved on no real news?
Why won’t zoom go up with schools closing
So I agree. Except you are one week off. This has one more upswing for Moderna results. Then everyone realizes it will take months and market reacts. I would buy these likely Wednesday next week
Well nio is like owned by the Gov
why wont my NIO puts fill
I’m addicted to buying baba. Let’s pray breuther 🙏
Today has been a roller coaster of emotions.
“$NIO shares heading back to $25, Citron Research says.” -Walter Bloomberg

This is probably why NIO is shit today
Hoping they crush earnings on 1/27 and I can parlay profits into another play.
[deleted]
Still up 100% 🤷🏻‍♂️
Well look at LI, XPENG, clearly not a drop after earnings. Expect the same for NIO
Well at least WSB didn’t kill EV.  Citron did.
OH NO NO NO NIOBROS

HOW COULD WE EVER IMAGINED THAT A STOCK THAT LITERALLY DOUBLED IN A MONTH WOULD EVENTUALLY DROP?!?!

THERE WAS NO WAY TO PREDICT WE WOULD BE PROBABLY BUYING AT THE TOP!!
This sub is sleeping on tsla. That means it's about to skyrocket
What's the DD
KNDI and FSR
Got it.
It just dropped 12% why the fuck am I trying to jump on bandwagons ffs
FlowAlgo
Yep just got 700 shares today.
we live in a society
I started uploading it when it plunged but it ended up uploading way later cus of my shitty mobile connection
That’s not how it works idiot
Cruise puts
I think this is a good topic as the Covid vaccine by Pfizer needs to be stored and minus 78 Celsius which is very difficult.  A refrigerator that can do that is not common and usually only research labs or universities have them.
Exactly! Got calls on Nio? If so good luck bro.
It only takes a single 11/27 30p to protect a lot of call value.
Earnings are Tuesday. I bought around 47.8 and will sell when I see some runup to 50. IV is only going up.
Jump in FVAC rare earth mining before SPAC merger into MP.
Ya. Im not talking about exchange rates. Im talking about a 0.02 spread vs a 0.14 spread.
Thermo fisher makes cold storage.
Ahh so NIO wants to lull as soon as i dip back in ahh i am gonna start reusing cereal milk soon
415% on your initial investment and didn’t lock in ANY gains, I don’t feel bad for you.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jchandler1990 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Buy into NIO now or on Monday? IV is super high, but it should stay up until earnings right?
I mean if he dies, tesla goes to zero. Cheap puts for the win
Also leaves you out of big losses
I mean, it wasn’t; it’s drilling because of the citron assholes
Honestly think I’m done with these Chinese stocks for a while. Too sweaty for me. I’ve made more money than I ever thought I could at this point so I feel fulfilled.
XOM green dildo!!!!
RONA 200000c 11/20
Can everyone please buy the ps5 so my amd calls can go up
fuck citron
Regardless of smashing earnings stocks always have a tendency to drop after earnings. No one fucking understands it, at least I don't but it's true for the most part.
Do it
i read this headline as "inverse WSB"  
https://twitter.com/business/status/1327295940760383488?s=20
Same lol. You should snag some of those gains, I feel like its gonna go up over the weekend though.
u got low IQ if u think NIO boutta die. earnings Tuesday, all hype
Perfect.
NICE! Sold my insurance puts too early 😕 hope you sold and flipped back to calls!
The furthest call's peak is lower than a sooner close date...
Is the stonk market truly just one big autism
When gm hits atleast $80+
This is the bottom for NIO, for now
Scary that NIO could easily go to $40 on just this little poop article. Too bad I yolo’d before I did my DD.
your wrong because the market only goes up
At least you’re well rested
KNDI
this is truly a yolo he can afford, but mfa is kind of hopeless now, seriously underperforming stock price
[deleted]
Why do you think the CCP even wants EVs any time soon?  All the Chinese battery technology is garbage and they don't care about any environmental regulations.
I might sell most of my position before earnings. Not because I'm bearish, I'm terrified of the IV crush.
I think you meant GME.
[deleted]
Why, after XPEV’s massive pop? Earnings miss?
Vix makes everyone money. Just need wild swings!
Vegas is back baby 😎
This is the way!
Just going to take some time
Its taking everything in my being to not throw 40k on spy puts december/jan
one utterance from xi, and its over for all of us
I'm right here with you broke boy
[deleted]
Ive been buying throughout this dip. Got 35k in shares. I really anticipate a spike. But will buy another 15k or so at 240 if we hit that.
I’ve missed these bad news melt ups
All it took was some little dinky 2 page bear song to start tanking NIO.  If your stock is that sensitive to a small bit of an opinion piece, then beware.  It just proves how much of an insane bubble it is.  LOL @ Nio worth more than GM and BMW.
I’m thinking: Lol nah, it’ll drop after ER. The run up to ER is the the play, the run down after ER is the play next. It’ll even out for a while once all WSB short attention span goes elsewhere, then it’ll rise again.
Glad for once I didnt fomo back into NIO at the top
Ho ho! You dare to approach Me, NIO?
This sounds too logical to be here
If you think the scam company Moderna is going to save us from the pandemic you crazy
I mean, as long as you bought nio yesterday you'd still be up.
puts
Wtf is BA doing?!
For real tho, sell that shit. NIO is topped out for the moment
Good time to buy more NIO
Still 💎👋🏻
NIO is a company
XPEV is Xiao Peng, "little peng" based on the name of the founder.

The name is absolutely shit, it won't be popular just from the name factor lol. But that doesn't mean the stock can't run up more.
That's the break point if spy goes below 355.25 on the 15 minute chart we are going to 351.
Where should i buy stocks?
That’s fucked up
This is a cute bull trap in the s&p. Bears will win out by Monday.
What’s going on with MGM?
Damn what a recovery lol
Is spy gonna dump or am I gonna be poor
Stop saying NIO's dead, it'll be at 60 eom, right now you shoulda hedged 🤷‍♂️
Newly found Hopium reserves
This aligns with my positions, so yes
Yeah, of course, man. We are not over yet.
y drop? all comp did really well, NIO should smash
Nio at 30 is a good buy
JWN flying
Fine. 

Number one, they're gay. Number two, they're stupid. Number three, see numbers one and two.
lmaooooooooo
These are gonna be the new floor going forward
I have 12/24 290c from when it was trading around $270. Not feeling great about it right now but I’m thinking about going longer and grabbing some April calls before close
It happens, ya live and you learn. I got fucked this week.
NIO 40 EOD
[removed]
jnug dec 140-150c
If you’ve been paying attention this week in particular. It’s the collective stance of big money around the world. And it’s contagious. The bottom like keeps going up. Which means the peaks will only keep getting higher from here.
Just remember regret is the most pointless possible emotion. It's becoming upset about one of the few things over which you have no influence whatsoever; the past. It doesn't matter if you could've made 490k or 490M. We could all be billionaires dozens of times over if we just made different plays. "What if" won't get you gains.
We're all hanging out at club 15.51 for the next hour.
Im dead. Is this a copypasta?
Loaded on shares
[deleted]
Mmm GME has become my dark fantasy were I love getting assfucked but secretly want to make money
Earnings are on Monday
Proof or ban
Don’t worry it will go back up. It just skyrocketed so people will sell and then when people sell price goes down, and then more people buy it and the price goes up and the cycle continues
I’m with you
Rotation out of NIO into PLTR
I would say wait till it tests 250, if it can close above 258 buy. It broke the Bollinger bands so tread carefully.
I didn’t buy - thought I’d see how today went, and your comments did make me wonder what I wasn’t seeing. Man it’s nearly down 5% right now.
How confident are you in that prediction?
I can’t wait for earnings the dump is gonna be spectacular
[removed]
Why so? Just wondering about your reasoning
Damn buddy, when you gonna exercise that?
Usually trump supporters only care about those things. You do have that boomer mentality for your age. Work on it.
Yeah just bought 700 shares today, they're a solid company and businesses need data scientists and big data firm now more than ever.
NIO not over, just red until monday
Checking in
TSLA = Enron
Buy High, Sell Low

[Stocks OP is buying](https://www.vhinny.com/screen/e7b86070-7bf9-4a29-8b4b-7ca32285ead0?ref=rdt-buyhigh-0)
This is why it dipped
Sell or die by 4 o clock
Yup, just need to be far enough out to avoid IV crush
How the fuck is this market going up
US coronavirus cases for each day in November:

Nov. 1: 76,771
Nov. 2: 86,589
Nov. 3: 91,910
Nov. 4: 104,296
Nov. 5: 121,289
Nov. 6: 126,731
Nov. 7: 125,100
Nov. 8: 109,177
Nov. 9: 133,819
Nov. 10: 131,990
Nov. 11: 148,302

#bullish
ok, sell me on why?
K
What's the 0dte play today
So buy today and sell Monday? Already sold a bunch of my calls today. Not sure how safe I feel about buying a call today that ill have to sell on Monday
Seriously they’re going to kill earnings. I’m happy with it
Bullshit. Firefox is working perfectly fine. Chrome has now said *Page Unresponsive* and I've had to restart it three times. Over 6 and a half minutes now - still don't have functioning Chrome. Keep sucking their dicks tho
damn selling half my 353C FDs yesterday after holding for 5 mins for \~50% vs holding now for close to 200% lol
Triple bottom forming last time I checked you should be good if they weren’t FDs I bought Jan15
Should have loaded up FSR calls earlier this week fuk
You love seeing people lose money?

Lol go fuck your self
Bruh
NIO dont follow charts
Welp its been tsla, nkla, and nio. Any other EV stocks?
That's the secret "BUY" signal.
[deleted]
fuck you spy
don't buy ONI, ION NOI and OIN, or you'll get fucked even harder
YES, literally fell 15% w/o a bounce
That feeling when NIO is drilling and today you sell puts for ER week. I’m rock hard
50
Wasn't suggesting anything else. I also taught in grad school. I like to think I was good at it. But like, I could explain how the proof works but I could never explain how to get there. Your description just reminded me of that feeling is all
Time to drill NIO
lol
I’m gonna keep holding don’t think it’ll go below 5 anytime soon and I got in at 4 so
sell your calls idiot, the signs point to a fat shit after hours
SELL NIO - CITRON says 50% downside
NIO was the craziest ride, man. Can’t wait for the next big meme stock rave party.
Would be nice is NYSE trading was open 8 hours a day like Europe instead of 6.5 hours
Took me 4 days to settle down 10k, lost 9k from NIO 0dte call today as soon as money settled down. Big oof moment I’m having
F
This isn’t an autist and wrong sub. Ban.
And to think I got downvoted to hell for saying Nio was out of steam
Anyone with a brain would.
Time to drill BA
Whtat the fuck is that
BAN
Snagged 500 more yesterday YEET
OK, NIO is now dead.

What's our next circle jerk meme stock?
Alright so how’s this for a plan . mRNA otm debit spreads, zm otm debit spreads. Vaccine pump from MRNA & I’m good. Lockdown & zoom moons. I’m shit out of ideas, also eyeing BA 737 but will wait until Monday
NIO gonna be 44 eod. There's weekend fear.

I'm buying more calls on Monday, only holding longs.
I'm with you...
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/yarf13 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You are so wrong. You probably think that a million cases per week in the US alone will hurt markets. Wrong. You think that people not gathering for holidays will hurt markets? Wrong. You think a lack of christmas shopping because everyone has been unemployed since February will hurt markets? Wrong.

Stick to paper trading kid.
Yeah i bought and sold in the dip like a pussy
Good luck then, hope I see you on your yacht soon
Shut up gay bear. Go be a loser somewhere else
Lmao you nio holders are insane
Love seeing it
[deleted]
lmfao i pulled out at 53 🤯🤯🤯
PDD is Enron. The only way they make money is by handing out coupons. As soon as they pull back no one has a good reason to use it anymore.
[deleted]
Hope you guys took NIO profits
What's really wild is the bulls thinking the SPY is a good long from this position
buy some now
I don’t think nio is a pump dump
SPCE flight next week. Will Most likely go to 30+
[deleted]
Or we flatline through EOY and he gets fucked.
Slow down on calling others retards and take a moment to read the posting guidelines about OTC and pink sheets.
Ok boomer
I sold my shares at 46
Everybody there bought puts.
r/smallstreetbets
Definitely buying Puts before EOD
facts yo
Ill suck my wives boyfriends dick and gargle if nio goes back up monday
[deleted]
I got in at 5.85
I like short shorts 😁
I bought 1,200 shares at $11 lol
Want to buy a 3 month out option but the vega is .027 and current iv is 102%. Should i wait a few days to see if iv goes down
this is the bottom for NIO, yw
This is retarded
[deleted]
degen play would be 95C expiring next friday
We all knew nio would shit it’s self anytime now lol all you bag holders getting fucked now
Based on what?
JD crushed single’s day (equivalent of Black Friday here) sales
Ban
Except the NIO CEO didn’t publicly launch an attack on the country
12/11 calls myself
its 20 first...then if it survives maybe 200
I tried to play the waiting game for the FAA announcement.  It looks like that might come as early as next week:

[https://www.npr.org/2020/11/10/933444840/troubled-737-max-nearing-takeoff-as-faa-review-of-jetliner-nearly-complete](https://www.npr.org/2020/11/10/933444840/troubled-737-max-nearing-takeoff-as-faa-review-of-jetliner-nearly-complete)
I think there's something wrong with your computer, not Chrome.
I made $14 today...
Is it okay to blue tick your gf if she’s just putting strain on the relationship
Shill: CTVA...idk what it is but it looks good
It is but not compared to NIO and XPEV.
Nio🤡
BABA calls? it hasn't been this low since August. 300 for Jan?
you guys. stop. playing. china. 

they always win. if you walk away with gains then consider yourself lucky.
[deleted]
Nio going down here, Citrons right...but id buy in again at 30
Noice thanks for the TA
I feel like I've seen this exact comment before
Lol you know that not how it work
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
BX   60.0|0.05|0.06|0.06|0.0|31.132%


BX 60.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc61f44&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
unironically a good play
 If NIO's guidance has a road map into the US market it's going to 70$.

 If NIO show even 1 cent of profit in it's ER it's going to 100$.
Nice
FSR $30 eom
CCL Mooning again, Lets Go bois
[deleted]
Well now spy is going to the same old April - August trend. Boring.
Nah, winding up
Yeah getting out so they can get in moonday!
Nio is down because people are selling their xpeng from yesterday. It seems that people bought xpeng, nio, and li at the same time as one group. Its a smart idea, but each different company is reloering earnings on different days...if all 3 were reporting on the same day, I would have sold yesterday then re-bought today. Nio is the big dog of the three...wait until after their report to make a decision to buy/sell
Buy the crash!!!
How do you know when the lock up ends? I thought it was only 3 months so now you got me curious
I’m glad man! I’ve taken profits too. And continue to buy the dips and sell on the peaks. Slightly miss timed this one but have been and will continue to be profitable on this company and EVs as a whole sector 😁 ride the green wave. It’s your friend.
44p 11/20 🤡😎🤡
We'll be ok
DOUBLE DOWN

https://investorplace.com/2020/11/double-down-on-nio-stock-as-a-pullback-seems-unlikely/

FUCK YOU CITRON NIO 50+ MONDAY OPEN
If NIO didn’t pop this morning so hard I would be ok seeing that we are only down 3%
Don't worry they'll reimburse you for your losses
You're aware that 1 USD =/= 1 CAD? 5.67 USD = 7.45 CAD. 67 USD = 89 CAD.
BX 11/20 60c  .. you didnt hear it from me
[deleted]
Timing is no coincidence. The fact that XPEV and LI mooned after their earnings and the fact that this report came out 2 days before their ER is super sus. They could’ve easily waited 2 days for the ER and publish their report on Wednesday after all the data. So their objective isn’t to be objective. And we shouldnt take their report seriously.
UNO
woohoo

&#x200B;

357.50 is the big one
Name does not check, son.

65k. 

on a Friday.  

with no cover.  

somebody give this man a trophy.
I did
SAVE = Spirit

Up 10%
NIO will be $50 EOD be patient
Citron is a joke, dog-tier market manipulator. Their prediction on NIO will be as accurate as their short on Shopify 🙄
Hahahaha NIO
It will eventually be the bottom. There there
Buy and sell before earnings
XPEV being pinned right now is baffling why isn't it dropping
if you rearrange the letters in 'traders' you get 'retards'
NIO has seen its bottom before.
Never going to happen
Hold it has a bull flag on the 1 month and 3 month charts right now.
u think? y
I’m so scared rn. I wanna hide under my bed
Bought F at 4.24 back in April
I pussied out, and cashed out some Nio to get my Principal back.  
But now I can rest easy. Let's let the rest ride baby!  
Nio $80 EoY.
JMIA would like to talk to you.
Can we jump on the PLTR train now
Calls on Netscape
Party over boys. Congratulations to those who sold at peak. Those who joined the party late - good luck next time.
It can only go down from here.
I'm sitting in Nio 11/20 $40p that I picked up near end of day yesterday and feeling pretty good
Bought more late Dec/ Jan Chinese EV calls. Everyone wants to buy in a dip, but few have the balls to do so.

What we should learn about China/ Xi from BABA this week is that the CCP makes the god damn rules. If they want EV to happen & if they want to have domestic competitors to Tesla et al.-- they will make sure it happens.
That’s a very level headed stance to take
I followed the law of opposites yesterday and bought Dec 18 49P. Up 30% right now.

Update: I'm standing upright rn. If you get what I'm saying.
PDD
And now Elon has Covid.  Coincidence?  I think not
IV is real high. theta will eat you if there is no major run up next week
Ehhhh.. as long as spy dumps I'm good.
Personally have DEC18 $95C
SPY is still negative for the week, barely back to where it was yesterday. fuck this market
AMC?
spy is so retarded
Bought 5 355p 0dte lets drilllll
This is one horrible side effect of the pandemic. Everyone focuses on death rate, while not considering other factors such as morbidity, strain on medical institutions, etc. And what is happening is that small businesses are closing and working class people are becoming unemployed as corporations get richer. There needs to be a consideration for both effective shutdowns as well as economic relief for people, both of which will save lives IMO
Buy now
Imagine today is the March 13 2.0 bahaha
And just like that nio goes down
Hey man. Here’s a gold star, go buy a prostitute with those peanuts you got.
Gay ass bears
Bold of them to assume that we're "trading" and not just finding creative ways of self harm.
puts?
Thinking maybe 46c? A week out you mean the 27th?
BABA is solid. But short term uncertainties are too much right now.
I’m out here punchin air
X Æ A-12, Come with me if you want to live.
SOLO is looking pretty meaty.
I'm just saying the last few days were a pump that no one believed was based on anything
NIO putssssss
Someone tell me this is the bottom for NIO. Lie. Idc
Yeah idk the way their cars look alone makes me think Americans aren't gonna go for that shit. But maybe the stock pumps anyways because EV, good luck to you but I'm sitting this one out.
yes not as many call buys there it seems, but u can still get filled in the middle if its not running already, peep MELI
No no you’re the smart one. You buying Apple and Microsoft when the hedge funds are pulling out is the right move you got this. Oh insiders are also selling? Nah keep buying what can go wrong. Absolutely nothing you guys definitely have a better grip on the stock market than the people who do it for a living.
Bowling ball smooth, LOL
Today. Premarket for Monday will be nuts
Fuck out of here with your civil war fantasies.
[deleted]
Software development, they just landed some pretty good contracts with the government and are going commercial as well
This day doesn’t make sense tbh, anemic volume and travel/retail is pumping SPY with no stimulus until next year/lockdowns pending/ covid cases 150K+ a day 

My smooth brain hurts
Lord Voldemort
I'm mad at the short report because I had hit 10k and now I'm sitting at what I had yesterday. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
[deleted]
[deleted]
Can’t tell what’s more boring: my work conference call or watching APPLE
CSCO gonna moon

yea, probably scalpers in the mix as well
Now after you morons pumped nio let’s make CRSR pump and be the new meme so I can be filthy rich
Boeing! Its going to pop next week!
INO
They killed ANT Ipo this week, NIO is a nobody compared to that
[deleted]
NIO struggling to stay afloat
Sold NIO at the top 🌈🐻
It's wild SPY is at 356 already despite everyone constantly saying it cannot go any higher since, like, 300
Bullish
zoom has ruined my portfolio once again ffs
They prefer it that way. Enjoy your tendies
im just saying this post doesnt even make sense when he posts after the -16% plunge.
CBAT
[deleted]
Thanks man, appreciate you!
SELL NIO SELL NIO OVERVALUED
Absolutely not selling going to continue to rocket
Short sellers are worse than bears.
[deleted]
NIO 40  EOD and silence from NIO gang. What a beautiful day.
Want to buy more shares but out of cash
BABA
[deleted]
Link
[removed]
look at travel vs tech

entire market will be a cyclical vaccine P&D for awhile
I've made more selling and buying puts and calls than I would've if I just held my first calls.
Yet when left takes a position and talks about it it’s evil. Do you see the double standard lol
The Book of Mormon
[deleted]
[deleted]
Can we just ban the word NIO or replace it with something else.
You mean "right" as in its opposite day and you really meant "wrong," right?
Wtf
HYG options chain. 12/18 Puts Open interest that’s a whole lot of hedges up.
[deleted]
Software for bit companies and the government for something
Priced in
I wasn’t trying to roast I was trying to explain how ignorant you were, but eod of day you’re a retarded asshole so whatever. You’re smarter than the hedge funds. No, no, You’re smarter than the insiders! Yeah okay retard have a great day.
Looking to expand my horizons. What’s the next meme stock fellas
Based 🤝👏
Spies on you.
what are the best gold tickers?
That’s your opp to buy the dip dummy
Fuck Google. I have my iPhone on stop watch - been  over 2 minutes since I clicked to open Chrome and it's STILL not functioning. I'm on FrireFox rn - already loaded 3 or 4 pages
[deleted]
Those will definitely print. I’m planning on watching it to see if I can catch it down at least 5%
priced in.
probably because the IV went up
[deleted]
Buy a week out. Free tendies
Who's that?
Think I’ll just wait for moderna to announce their vaccine then buy puts
How can you do that if you move there on the first? Hard to establish residency if you aren’t there and don’t know anybody there.
Not sure what PLTR even does lol
Are you mad? How are those NIO futures doing? Stock is going to be at $30 EOY, don’t be mad at me.
It is called a double ended dildo
[deleted]
Started the month around$30 and is now $47. What dump?
I remember seeing my contract down to .38 and my punk ass panic and didn’t bought more.
Congratulations, you're a top longer!
QQQ preparing for liftoff? Virus not going anywhere soon
Sell BA or hold for FAA announcement. Its bounced around here and 170ish quite a bit lately.
Does anyone here work as a market maker? Im looking at the Canadian side of stocks vs the US side and the spread on Canadian options is fucking massive. Apha for example, is trading at $5.67USD and 7.45CAD.  The January 15 options on the US for $6 are bid/ask of 0.67 and 0.69, while the $7.50 options on the Canadian side are 0.89/1.03. Is the difference simply because the canadian market is smaller?
[deleted]
Big sharks are playing their game
What a great podcst
Can SNAP die already
FSR overbought
ACB, rising too.
IV still high
If we get a general sell-off in the afternoon, I'm thinking NIO and the other Chinese EV companies will dump particularly hard
Buffet's friend told you?
I sold nio at 50 and took gains and it feels good 😌
No...no he hasnt.
On news from a known short seller in an attempt to drop the stock. And it's still only down to yesterday's open. It's fine.
It’s like being at the zoo and stopping at the (gay) bear cage. It’s fascinating.
didn't know Buffett hated money
Puts on the government forcing closing again?
Could have bought NIO, be thankful
Buy before earnings or regret it
Agreed, but if they can get it to healthcare workers ASAP that’ll give the markets a ton of confidence imo. I wish this person luck in their Puts though
i just bought kndi nov 20 8c. but im retarded so
$20 11/27
Should I wait to buy NIO eod or monday? Thinking it will keep dipping and I should buy soon
Wollen Biffet
Motherfuckers with a short report lmao 

Right before earnings
Citron kicks NIO in favor of TSLA. The later doesn't even fart a green dildo. LOL

2k down today mf
Just stay above 44 pls nio k thx bye
Citron went against Tesla and Nvidia, lol.
NYC schools going fully remote and zoom tanks. 

I really don’t get it
well here comes the moon mission on SPY
Time for everyone to sell nio before weekend. Look at the chart it’s done
But I want money now, and I'd like to avoid holding over the weekend, but that's probably why I'm poor
Yep. Speculative - yes. Opportunity to blow up - also yes
Yep, bought 700 shares today, lots of companies need big data science firms like this one nowadays.
I’m not sure tbh. What are your thoughts
Just dumped an $18K bag of XOM. You can expect it to go vertical right now.
biden won already and the streets are still clean as a whistle
Bottom isn’t in yet
Thank you l0ckituP for the reassurance. You deserve the world
FSR on a wild ride today
travel
"Valuation can never be justified" That said, we're buying 5% of the company. LMAO
Is that where it’s going? Airlines and malls? I’m not saying you’re wrong I’m just genuinely surprised because even with demand return those still aren’t particularly strong. Yes though you’re right Market makers keep selling into retail buying. Smart money has been pulling out funds since October.
💵💵💵
Everytime he Tweeted the stock went down so there’s that
Citron had NIO as a buy 2 years ago. Not that it’s jumped 3000% they have it as a sell. Wow what a crazy stance to take. They didn’t even say it would go back to $1 just back to $25 y’all are retarded. He still has it up 1000% this year
Need 📉📉📉📈📈📈📈📈📈📈📈📈
Daddy Elon partnered with Citron and destroyed the Chinese EV Market
Ok, ill continue to trade the mso stocks and see who makes more.
I slept in and missed the chance to sell my NIO calls. Still up a lot though which makes no sense
MJ off to the literal moon
so dont
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wait are you actually retarded or...? I wouldn’t touch AAPL with a 10 foot pole right now. Your implication was AAPL And MSFT were going to dictate the market in the near future. You trying to roast my like a flustered teenager doesn’t phase me.
Is it smart to buy NIO calls now? I know it might drop after earnings so I am feeling like I should wait until after. But this dip right now is tempting me to pick up some cheap calls.
Bullish/bearish next week?
What site?
allmycallsaredown gang gang
He invested in the company ? And more people buying is good for liquidity ? Wtf mate, if you own stocks and don’t talk them up you’re day trading and not investing in a company you believe in.
cmon tech you can do it
They also have better EV technology and self driving data/tech than all of those other automakers combined. Biden administration likely to pass renewed federal $7000 EV credit that Trump stopped.
The dip was today. Meaning on excellent earnings(which nio will have) the stock will be passing the orbit of Jupiter slingshotting to Pluto. Best of luck!
Implied volatility was at 400%.  Meaning even if he was right he’d still probably get destroyed by iv crush.
SNE is a safe ride to the moon, less 🚀more 🎠
Ma and Xi need to make up so my portfolio can 🚀
Dunno; MRNA's prelim data is supposed to drop anyday now.  

It's the same mRNA vaccine targeting the same protein as the PFE vaccine.  

Could see a repeat of Monday.
NIO gotta smash earnings on Tuesday... knock on wood
Legit my heart is in flight or fight mode
Best be buying that tsla dip and shorting nio today
Almost 400mil 😲
lol imagine trying to dodge a ZM dump with MRNA reporting vaccine results any day
[deleted]
Those are some sexy gains, I should’ve doubled down on my 42$ calls when it went down to like .26 a contract.
Damn BABA look prime to buy call for the next earning. Xi fucked Jack hard in the ass lol.
Friendship ended with NIO.

Now homelessness is my best friend.
Ill give it a look. Tech company..
So I had NIO and was up pretty good, sold NIO to satisfy a margin call from RKT dropping. I assumed NIO would drop after the pump, bought in at $24 sold at $35, big stupid me am
I hope you enjoy deleting your Reddit account.
Dump NIO buy LI
[deleted]
I'm wishing I'd bought more then.  Currently holding off taking a larger position until lockup runs out.
Please teach me how how to do this
What price calls?
Where mah PLTR gang at? We out here
all you NIO tards join the boat on SOLO we're gonna moonshot this mf
that has nothing to do with lying. Make it look like you've lived there for awhile. A lie is only a lie if you admit if its a lie. otherwise its just a misunderstanding.
Yea I got 54c...already lost 60% on them so fucj it why not hold and pray
I hope you buy puts on us and go to 0
Why is travel mooning
CGC 👀👀👀
ODTE SPY IS KILL
Somewhere between 97.7% and 99.8% have survived based on CDC data. 

The vast majority of fatalities were so close to death already that any virus would be potentially lethal. That is why it ripped through the nursing homes so bad.
LMAO welcome to IV crush idiot, stock price has to move much higher for your calls to print now
Shouldn’t have listened to you. Guhhh
Welp, I've made a stupid Boomer move and bought $F ...can I get a $F in the chat?
i think so, but they could be fucked if chinese ev is hot like this for a while
Spy 0dte puts now. Major resistance
Just look at the volums. Buying is still strong in NIO
why
Not unless BABA CEO mysteriously disappears.
[deleted]
Please help me from getting 1k comment karma and downvote me 

Thanks,
MGMT
This post is a pathetic attempt at a pump. I know your calls are down bad
Solid DD, but your SPY Put timeline may be a little premature.  I would carry that into March.  There are three main catalysts that could drive down the market, but they many not materialize until January/February:

1) Georgia runoff (if Democrats sweep, market retreats)

2) Biden presidency and subsequent lockdown (January/February is peak flu season and we will likely see the largest numbers then)

3) Q1 beginning of possible recession (Q4 may stay positive, but start of next year is a crapshoot)

Good luck!  I have a hedge, so a significant downturn would be very nice for my portfolio, but we'll see.
Anyone in on Fortress value??
don't do that. the market makers made it pretty evident they dont want this below 355 in the morning session.
When, what position
ok you convinced me got BABA calls
Are 11/20 Zoom calls retarded right now? Asking for myself.
Coronavirus out of control
Ima triple down on BABA and hold my breath for a year
Gm and f saw the Chinese pumping and said they want to join the fun too ha?😂😂
If you get naked options trading privileges you can.  They take away a margin requirement from BP rather than the cost of assignment.
He’s literally doubled his money in 20 minutes
may i suggest INTC calls next earnings
NIO got my anxiety goin 📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉
[removed]
before
Still plenty of time to hop in, it’s going to 100
Picked up 270’s for 12/31 and 280 for 1/15 around 257. 

No strategy  other then BABA is close to a 3 month low.
It means spy is in a bull flag and about to rip up to 360.
Buy shares and sell CC's good premium.
Bro what a nice ass shot
Friday is a sell off day + citron dumped shares and released a bearish article. It will resume pumping next week don’t worry 👍
So GME bro’s just die off or waiting in the deeps? All my calls are throughout a November and none are hitting atm
[deleted]
Upvote if brain damaged
rotation into Unity
Explain?
Now. This dip. It’s not going to go lower than this. Price is usually the lowest right after a short report.
ZM will double bottom at 405 soon. Load the calls then and you will be happy boy come next week
4/16 9c APHA

less NIO, more weed stonk
Maybe you should take advantage of that 30day trial.
Citron's report is insane. They better be investigaged.
dude it dropped from +13% this morning to -3%
My 11/20 20c are fucked
why dont you refute the points in their report instead of making a post to cry about it
[deleted]
Cuz it was up 10% earlier. That was much nicer.
When you think you're a high class autist but you're just a bowling-ball smooth brain retard...
Real talk, is the girl you’re stalking single? If so how can I slide into her dms?
Spy needs to be kill
Puts in BA
[deleted]
NFLX and BABA about to completely break me.
nkla
Apple 175 calls for March 👀👌🏻
Im selling Monday
Theta gang must love that shit
[deleted]
[deleted]
Haha...been looking at this one and waiting for my entry point. Good luck with the drop! If you're right, I'll buy then.
Not to mention trying to keep medical debt from being erased after bankruptcy.
I may be retarded but I'm no 🌈🐻
They said they’re gonna go full electric by 2030, these EVs are China’s future
[deleted]
Yea, this is prolly the top lol
Elon thinks he's okay. TSLA $600C Jan 2021
Now
[deleted]
bull flag on spy
Fuuuuuuuuck. I didn't wake up at market open and I missed out on +400% on my NIO weeklies. Fuck my life lmfao
woke up a few hrs ago and li was at $38, went back to bed now. now im 100% up and its close to $34, wtf!
yeah most discussion i'm seeing about it seems to suggest a lot of room for upwards movement
I went in on SAVE 25 next Friday
How tf does DKNG sell off this much after being as high as 12% premarket
Dear Santa,

Please ket PLTR become a meme stock.

Ive been a good boy this year.

Tnx
My whole paycheck that I got today in 5 minutes. This whole game is a joke.
careful with the bear porn
Know when to hold em. Know when to fold em.
How Apple calls looking 👀
Buy high sell low
I am.
I bought that at open. Not going my way lol
>CRSR 

Remember though, lvl 2's arent reliable. they can easily cancel the orders anytime, can just be manipulation.
The comment was an in general comment. Not specific to NIO.
Sold Nio
Nio was up to $54 intraday.
50 12/18 17.5c
Looking forward to shorting NIO sometime in the future.
I mean he’s right so far spy’s been climbing last 20 minutes
At least one person on this sub will be able to eat when the markets are down
[deleted]
A month ago
Can someone explain why spy is not kil yet
Flatter than a goddamn pancake
Fuuuuuck meeee
someone bought a lotta SPY
Fking tease this morning
Need a $150 yolo play
Pton why You dying
It seems the dumber the play, the better it works
the greeks still keeping me in the green
Can someone here help me get into calls
JD calls for earnings, remember that BABA sentiment in China is negative rn and positive earnings will be seen as market share being taken away from BABA, similar to PDD.
Lol. !RemindMe 7 days
Depends. If you want shares, sell CSP at a level you wouldnt mind owning at. Or buy shares today and sell higher covered calls. 

I personally think they will beat earnings and will continue to run up higher next week. Maybe $55
It’s still trending up massively lmao
alright hang in there budand if you need to cut the losses before they get out of control. I hope you recover, but then again hope doesn't live on this side of the screen.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Frankenjim don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I sold my calls early today 😭
You’re gonna need a lot more than an article written by a salty boomer
True there is uncertainty. But looking at XPEV and LI, and how they pretty much serve the same market, if I have to put my money on it, it would be similar to XPEV/LI.
Honestly if I knew how to buy puts I would have. But I’m just a simple options trader and I ride the waves
Looks pretty bullish right now
Vaccines wont be widely distributed until like the middle of next year.
NKLA
NIO any calls any strike
I am once again asking you to explain the impact of these purchases.
I feel you bro
This needs to be on a shirt lol
[deleted]
Didn’t matter though. Looks like IV crush central
[deleted]
Casuals selling all their NIO, while my $55 calls about to explode harder than I did on your moms face last night.
No options
I went to middle school with this chick. 3 guys in the back were my neighbors
Lol. What is your strike and exp?
Who tf is buying nkla
What good entry for NIO?
RKT and PLTR this week
They bought at the top 🤡
PLTR leaps 5/21 20C
[removed]
This
He called me
Tesla $435c 2/19. Does it print?
Take a civics class. Stop consuming that QAnon shit. Use your friggin' brain.
> should of

You probably meant **"should've"**! It's a contraction of "should have".

---

^(^^bleep ^bloop) [^I'm ^a ^bot.](https://redd.it/f4qmb7) ^If ^you ^have ^any ^questions ^or ^I ^made ^an ^error,  [^send ^me ^a ^message](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=couldshouldwouldbot&subject=Question&message=Write your message here :\)%0A%0A---%0A%0A[Link to comment](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc60klx/\) "Click to send a message")^.
I should have sold out the other day around 19.  Where does this really go in the next 30 days??
Hahaha citron is a joke 🗑this must be just as good of a short opportunity as their report on Shopify a few years ago right??! Oh wait Shopify is up about 3000% now .... 

All this means is go long.
Bought at the top and sold at $6... I hate myself
CGC with that retard strength
Fuck it tho. Im gonna hold it all. I might go for a full yolo and double down on nio. My asshole needs a good stretch
seems like this guy works for a living
Take the $190 and run bro
Going full retard into FSR on Monday

Fuck China
Spy 355p 0dte???
[removed]
Sitting on $41p 11/20 bought 3 days ago.  Ouch
I should of went all in with this instead of NIO given earnings aren't til the 25th, but its all good, my NIO call doesn't expire til Dec 4th so hopefully it recovers next week and FSR soars to 20+ by EOD
BA has formed a bull flag on the 1 month and 3 mo th charts. Alot of talk about that stock in the last week and FAA coming out with recertification of 737 max on Wednesday of next week. I know boeong has a ways to go but could be a good play for next week.
[deleted]
FSR!!!
lol
I thought I was actually better than this sub. No, I'm actually a brain damaged retard
Double down
They are, after earnings nothings gonna stop it
Guys hold off on NIO till Monday I’m tellin ya. That way you can get it as cheap as possible.
Nio down 2% and everyone losing it?
NIO always prevails
Shutdown threats?
If u think the Chinese ccp isn’t the cause of this pump I’ve got some news for u(they’ll collect their profit)
They couldn’t possibly report earnings that reflect the current stock price could they?
I’m mr. SOLO dolo
Earnings can still flip either way
But poor people don't deserve human rights 😤
I would give you gold if I wasn't holding BABA right now
BYD needs to be $45 today please. Thank you.
Eh it’s more people wanting to buy like a position at a low price in those sectors. The vaccine need sorta confirms that there’s an end to all this. So some people may find it like a good time to park some money on beaten stocks
KNDI
Me 🇺🇸🦅
Lost double that in less than 15 mins.
how much lower does PTON need to go for yall to get back in, I planned to enter about now but now Im thinking it can go lower and wait until EOD. Some 2/19/21 125c
Buy puts or calls on BA?
What does this mean kinda of stupid 😂
Ride it
When earnings are bad stocks go up when they are good they go down. You’re gonna get fucked
Wait until the beginning of December when the insider shares unlock
APHA seems like a decent weed play. Good company, US exposure and clearly ambitious with the SweetWater acquisition
All in on Nio calls
Yooo u got $800 more to let your finger slip
Spot on mate!
[deleted]
Will moon next week
alexa, play Ridin' SOLO by Jason Derulo
*double face palm* okay bud. You too.
Good time to get into SQ?
Why TF is DKNG fading
“Rally will continue but with cautious tone due to COVID cases surging and Trump refusal of peaceful transfer.” - DailyFX Chief Strategist 

Essentially it’s a ticking time-bomb in the short run
We in the same boat but holding this bitch 
My first leap ever bought 😎🚀
Ya right
Me
Is there any good reason not to buy the CRWD dip?
Lmao top tier reply
Like nio don’t even manufacture their cars and dont even have a factory?
[deleted]
Who else made money from NIO puts bought yesterday?  [🥰](https://emojipedia.org/smiling-face-with-hearts/)
Bond markets were closed on Wednesday
what would be a situation where you couldn't sell before earnings? Like forgetting that they were happening? You can trade on your phone from Africa, what does "if you can" imply?
PLTR saved my ass today thought I was going to lose everything after that ER
I second CNR.
nkla
[deleted]
[https://i.ibb.co/dB5r1fK/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/dB5r1fK/image.png)

SPY lit pool shares just hit

300,000 | $355.71 | $107,000,000

550,000 | $355.79 | $196,000,000
nkla
If this panic selling is the result of Citron report, and the fact it hasn’t tanked more, we ALL know this is the bottom for NIO. Everyone who would’ve sold would’ve sold by now with the encouragement of Citron. Never been more bullish tbh.
ppl want to make money. they want to understand just enough to do that. but that's not the goal for me. it's to understand this shit. turns out that makes me better at making money.

everyone is doing this shit backwards.
- Africa is a shithole

Yeah I don’t really need to hear the rest of your opinion 😒
Then I bought PTON calls! Ahhhh hahahahaha
[deleted]
Well he's a fucking idiot. This test is quick and can tell if you're a super spreader. It's the same stupid mentality of making a rule from one anecdote. Oh, it's not perfect for me so it must be a garbage test. 

If you're borderline, it means you should probably take the PCR test and self-quarantine just in case.
If it pops back up again I'm buying 11/27 puts. There's no way the valuation is remotely accurate, and anyone holding this thing is holding a timebomb.

And, yes, I am butthurt I sold my 11/20 30cs earlier this week.
You sound scared. Go hide in a basement
Are you prepared for the lost opportunity cost of bag holding?
JD - We holding thru?
Markets pumping on some financial analyst saying covid won't exist in a few months 

Gone by easter btw
people are drunkenly diving in to the play. I see a big future, but not before a sober reality
Calls or puts sexy?
Good bot
But if it doesn't, 25 its totally shooting up. It does every time they have a flight
"just seen"
💯
Robinhoods delayed notifications keep giving me mini heart attacks
Ok I want to know what was going through your mind when you saw a 400+% gain and didn’t sell
As a political and public figure, her prior conduct should be scrutinized in light of her present remarks because she had a pecuniary interest in FBs well being - but now that she isn't holding Calls, she makes remarks undermining the valuation of the stock.
Bullish AF
Why the fuck would you do that
Boomer as fuk but I bought UNM
If you think NIO is gonna die, the CCP would like a word with you
99% is a long way from 100%, diamond hands buddy
SOLO coming back
HD not moving
THIS ISNT INVESTING, THIS IS STRESSFULLY SAVING MONEY
Mango yesterday, Citron today, nobody wants China EV to survive
You mean who bought the dip?
I bought SOLO leaps and they immediately went down 100 bucks without the price moving lol. GAAAAAANG
# NKLA +10% lmao
Bought back my AAPL 119C for 70% profit and rolled to a 120C for 11/20. Theta gang
about as diverse as norway in the winter
JD rn. Earnings Monday morning.
They fucked shareholders with a 10-1 r/s and then issued 50% new shares. That was a major dick move for old shareholders made me loose me trust in the management... but they the  skyrocketed. Good macro trend behind it, just worried about the fact they are manufacturing most of their thing in china and possible new
Competition.  Good strategy would be to trade for free shares
Yeah I’m reticent to jump in now. Seems like it’s going to go down. But buying puts is like hell dude. Seems like everything is working against you.
LI and Chinese stocks directly related to their military
[deleted]
Thanks for the dip of NIO
53$ eod
[deleted]
RIP Brother.
yolo.
Me
That's was the fastest rollercoaster ride
Who's buying tiktok these days?
PLTR leaps
I didn’t think it could go below $260 to begin with but here we are. I’m really not sure, I know it’ll hit 270+ before we get into December though
Lol as if they would ever respond to you
Well, I bought back in on BABA, so theoretically I might want to hold this through the new year. But I get it, I'm just complaining. Thank you for the thoughtful reply.
[deleted]
It’s okay. Yesterday I sold my $48 calls at like $45. Profited like $250. This morning they were worth profits of like $1900. Then I lost $600 holding SOLO too long.
I have 11/20 calls, you think its best to sell now or hold for next week?
i think spy calls but i also think i’m retarded
What are your guys thoughts on BABA calls? It’s dropped so fucking much it looks tasty af
Lol all news is propaganda my guy. Left or right doesnt make a difference
Are you stupid?  
Tesla's value right now is basically 2k, compared it's value before the stock split.
Always Chinese.
Earnings next week
NIO was the most obvious pump and dump this month
Lol if you’re invested in Nio I wish you the best of luck...
[removed]
[deleted]
Nio is at the peak of the 10× movement. PLTR is at the start of a 1.5× movement. Your call.

That being said. NIO 50C
[deleted]
lol. Buying gun stock options. Thats insanely dumb, even by WSB standards.
Theta gang best I dont even care what my stocks doing just collecting premiums
[deleted]
Anyone know the record for highest single day volume on a stock? All I see with a quick google search is 347 mil on C back in 09. NIO is going to destroy that
Also thoughts on NRZ? Book value @ 10.45 so hella discount
PROTIP: If you see a potential margin call in your TD Ameritrade account and it doesn't make any sense, call them. Just got off the phone with these cucks and they said it was a false call and not to worry about it; their system is doing some calculations wrong.
https://investorplace.com/2020/11/double-down-on-nio-stock-as-a-pullback-seems-unlikely

Lol fuvk Citron.
That’s what I thought the two days prior and is pumped hard into close so 🤷‍♂️
This sub is plagued with unfunny, low effort shit.
All these ducking boomer stocks up and tech down wtf
12/7 349p it's gonna happen. 5 minutes are all I need 🤣
too far OTM
Even my reds are not so red today
way to go dipshit
My calls are printing 😂😂😂😂
Exactly the opposite
Lol you people are so salty about NIO, $60 by next week
Same, gonna sell eod
GNUS pump with earnings or not worth it?
Retards really thinking NIO is done 😂😂😂
?
Buy volume on NIO is heavy and well over the avg. Citron will 100% be investigated for the report. No positions, but still watching anxiously on the sideline. I don't doubt this thing has the momentum to hit $53 again.
Why
Somebody give me a smart play not something retarded please.
ye
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
FSR   15.0|3.5|3.7|3.8|1.65|121.271%


FSR 15.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc607yq&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Is spy doing that thing where it fucks me both ways all day
Be scared everybody! Eat it up the fear....after all, nobody is free anyway
390% return on these DISCA Calls. 😱😱😱
why the fuck do these stupid investors actually listen to short sellers when they tell them to sell??
Who’s getting into NIO
Yep, play into a week before earnings, then get out, then jump back in shortly after.  Easy money
Fuck Citron. I wish I had their business model: short sell a stock, then tell everyone why the stock sucks. Make bank, repeat. I wish TSLA had put them down permanently.
Anyone holding FSR calls into the weekend?
nope. just got puts at the bottom and am now fucked.
[deleted]
We're not investing here, man, just trade the hype.

Also...please, I can't be worrying about mutants
Me.
FSR $15c 12/18 exp. modest return already, take profits or is this going to keep climbing
Not me cuz I’m not a FOMO retard
Fuck it, I’m in.
Biden win, likely civil unrest, record high demand for guns and ammo
if my grandmother had wheels she’d be a tricycle
The market was open every day this week, even if you account for nobody trading on Veterans Day it would only be 80% not 70%
God you’re fucking gay
It's a meme stock, new Tesla. Easiest buy the dip ever
No idea what to play anymore
Appreciate you bros
lol you are actually an idiot. I’d delete that comment if I were you
And MM not gonna let you win, dumbass
[deleted]
yes
If it were me, I'd take the gamble on the earnings and hope they're good enough to send NIO back to the moon. Good luck
I sold enough of my NIO puts to cover the initial cost. All house money bby
It's rare, but some of these guys actually have good information.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   70.0|1.15|1.18|1.16|0.0|225.889%


NIO 70.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc605y4&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
But I should believe you when you say to buy because....
I am ending this week with almost the same P/L as I had Monday afternoon.  I was up a lot on Monday so not complaining!
Meh. Baked it. Because.....weed?
Holy shit 50k on single ticker calls?  How many contracts and how far otm? Or itm?
Should I hold these spy puts, I have a feeling theres gonna be a massive EOD dump
yesssssss
I'm doing alright lol no fun but I'm good
Spy Puts..
It was oversold from the vaccine pump for the past few days
Which one of you autist bought my NIO 70c 11/20?
same and it doesnt look good for solo
NIO stock is printing W which means Winning
Do you think it will pass 260 EOD?
[deleted]
HERESY
Whenever SCOTUS picks up an election case.
Boooooooooo
neither should you, you're fucking ten and have no money. $800? gtfo... this is for people who have at least 4,000 positions.
Lovin’ how confused this market is. What a fukin mess! 🤣
Mad man....I waited and booked 100 %
I would wait for a pull-back. I know the artists here are all about rockets n shit, but the chart says there’s a cool-down period coming. It’s GME all over again. The FOMO is real though, and if you do feel like jumping on it, hedge.
Seems to be stuck betwee 115-120
I would have bought if she had atleast said we will have it under control by q2.
MFA
Thanks for the feedback man.

Yeah I plan on holding everything long term, I don't day trade as I've been learning to trade Forex for the past 7 months. Have been profitable for this whole month so far, Long way to go still but I'm enjoying the journey!

 I see a future in which EV companies rule the world. I absolutely adore Tesla and even though they are definitely over valued at the minute, I still feel as though 400$ is a steal considering where they plan to be in 5 years, the innovation is incredible. If they can pull off autonomous driving, Cathie Wood of ARK Invest (who has a huge stake in Tesla) believes it will be worth anywhere between 15-25,000$ (1/5 split of course). Ron Baron multibillionaire investor who has been correct on every Tesla call since the beginning believes it will reach 15,000. If they can pull off autonomous driving and introduce autonomous taxi's (which cathie wood is sure they will achieve as well as musk himself) the company will sky rocket. 

I am going to look into solar stocks now, specifically the ones you've recommended but did you know Tesla also produce batteries , as well as the recent introduction of Tesla Solar Panel roofing?

And yes, my plan is to save every cent I can and invest it, I'm so glad my mindset is like this as I see my friends wasting there money effortlessly. 

Thanks again for the feedback!
[deleted]
holiday week
I’m just saying all it takes is a couple of seconds for it to fall 100pts. a rug pull isn’t a slow melt down after all. I’m not saying one would happen but I’ve seen it happen before
Post lunch drill..... incoming
Exp Nov 20 Friday
It's amazing to me how some people see a 9-11 amounts of deaths happening every 2-3 days and shrug their shoulders and say, I don't care, making money is more important.
This is how I’ve made big gains on debits. Zero crush. And on credits the crush actually helps. Made 900 overnight with 12 amzn credits. The underlying only moved $20 from where I bought and I scalped $75x12 off crush. Love credits going into Fridays.
there will be a fear period, dip, then everyone will sober up and say, “wait a minute, AI, 5g, EV are literally the future, fuck this I’m back in.
Tanked? Are you high? 

Looks like an exhaustion gap there today buckaroo
Hey, not all gay bears are catchers, buddy...
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
UVXY   20.0|0.45|0.46|0.48|-0.29|192.844%


UVXY 20.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc602se&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I should have loaded up on the dip
If TSLA can at least end green today, that’ll be swell
[deleted]
Why
Yep, I bought calls pretty far out thinking I was going to be a rich genius and now I just look like a poor retard.
right now we are running on 70% average volume on spy based on a 200 day average.
Sell them out of the money collect the premium. If it hits then you’re fine if it doesn’t keep buying calls. I sold a call on SPXS if it does hit okay great sell at the strike and wait to buy more. You don’t even have to sell calls, but this sub is obsessed with money and usually have no downside protection. I figured that could be a good compromise. What I like to do is wait for a nice correction sell an ITM call collect that premium and wait for the market to recover. I hold my hedge and I make a little more money to buy the dip. Lately I won’t do that though because personally I believe a correction is coming and I want to hold my SPXS shares.
Almost noon, Xi Jinping said they’d be buying by then. This should be good
Even Ford is getting runoff EV hype
Thoughts on UVXY 20c for 11/27?
Stop it, lol. If you were the slightest bit intelligent you would understand how painful it is to not be able to communicate with regular people, and then the retards (like yourself) who spew false and emotionally invested advice that’s terribly skewed. Leaves me to me and my DD. Sorry not sorry
Up 4K last week yay! Buys baba calls with profit, down 4K this week. That was fun lol
Market is still looking too weak. We will end red today.
So is buying shares of vaxrat as a hedge against moderna's vaccine not being effective work? When PFE released their news it tanked
NIO weekly IV is insane. Thetagang gonna feast next week for earnings
Fisker baby!! YOLO’ed my life savings earlier this week hopefully I don’t get fisted by fisker!!
one last SOLO pump for the memes
gain is gain.
100%
JMIA is so predictable

moon every day forever then dump 50 % on every earning as people realize that afreeca is a warzone
Simulation is rigged
Who bought nio at top and now is fucked?
Market hasn’t priced in the new Finnish mink strain.
Here's all the dd you need

China barely has covid


America is about to shut down again.

By evs
Same 😭
Such bologna that 20k buys can rip spy up a whole percent, but half a million sells only brings spy down .005
Lmao I had 114 shares at 44 though. So my average is like 49.7. Im holding till it moons though. Next week earningss
Holy crap it's going nuts
Fo sho, it has plenty of growth potential but it's not a meme...yet.
FCEL WTF?
[deleted]
[deleted]
He had two negative tests. That's not 100:1. That's very clearly 50/50, lmfao.
Most of my portfolio is fucking solo and nio.
JD is the next PDD lets go
Where you got your $20k, in stocks or options?
shower thought: etf that has zoom, peloton, microsoft, dropbox, docusign, chegg, etc 

CVID
[deleted]
Bear trap retard, NIO is free money rn
Everything except boomer stocks
5k cash what do I throw it at
Hope you’re doing okay brother.
CBAT, all the EV buzz- no articles.
we're just a bunch of apes slangin' our dicks at capitalized letters hoping we get the human equivalent of bananas, it's beautiful
what you sellin'
Eh let it sink to 30
***EV Sector Rotation into FSR***
Gap at 31 on NIO needs to be filled
I don't know what they meant, but if you have other job offers it might give you leverage in salary negotiations.
I would wait for 356.5/357 if we get there. Or maybe clear resistance somewhere. I'm with you tho
Second bearcoming
Ahh yeah it kind a stabilized at 30 I know but but it will bleed to 20 cent in the next week or so lol sorry I didn’t understand just saw you write 60 lol you don’t have to be a bitch about it😂😂
What's the expiration date of the call?
LI, NIO, & XPEV all shot up drastically and were due for a pullback. Not sure when they will rise again, but they eventually will (maybe next week after $NIO earnings?)
I am honestly convinced it’s a way to fuck people out of money and no amount of logic will sway me
[deleted]
Wash sales only matter if you’re trying to cheat taxes by taking a loss at the end of year and then buying back in as if you never sold. Which is a pretty specific case, but often gets misunderstood as “you can’t claim losses if you play the same stock frequently”.
Yeah let’s believe an article written by a short seller. Sounds like some gay bear shit
Diamond hands here. I'll hold this stock til it burns.
Citron they are fuckers
I advise to buy shares of DGRO, it's heavy in value while still having a few of the big tech names in it. For options I suggest you pick Calendar spreads as a strategy to utilize. For instance. I think AMD will hit 90 by years end. Sell a 12/18 90 call and then Buy a 1/15/21 90 call. The call you sell gives you downside protection and increased gains if the stock ends up around 90. I highly suggest you read about the "Greeks" of options, look at profit/loss graphs of different plays to gain understanding of how it works (optionsprofitcalculator.com) and watch Youtube Videos galore until you feel like you got a hold of how it works. Buy shares and only play with small % of your total in options.
Actually at peak too... I did good this week
[deleted]
Becky has to talk to someone besides the wine glass
Buy at the top then let Citron Research send out a tweet 😄
yeah, and also SPY will go to an ATH.
I mean it's way up today. Idk man. Might hold for a bit.
im sorry bro. i hope you are doing fine.
is this a buull flag? buy calls rn?
Seriously have a 12-4 108c I’m waiting to go back up
I think so
Yeah, ludicrous. Vaccine P&D shit is hilarious rn.

PFE Monday, MRNA coming up, who knows when JNJ will release results. Not trying to fuck with travel rn tbh. Maybe I'll consider strangles.
Alright here we go. SPY 0dte 354 engage!
Having learnt my lesson from March, if there is a dip the only thing I'll be doing is buying shares.

Call me what you will but losing your life savings 3 times is enough to humble anyone.
$BLKD
AAPL green EOD
& the next night, find a new jawn
[deleted]
get in the FCEL elevator at the bottom floor.
How heavy is the bag?
Zoom do be looking pretty tasty for some boomer bag holding
Airline puts are the freest money I've ever seen in my entire life.

Lockdowns are coming again
Why? Making money and disagreeing with a company's ethics aren't mutually exclusive...
well fuck. don’t know what to do.
If go for calls, they're doing well today
🇺🇸🦅🖨
Also it’s falling on NIO news too
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm seeing a big move to the downside for everything today, NIO gonna get hammered.

China cucks pray it can hold $40 lol.
[deleted]
He's all about Lindsay's lady bugs 🐞🍑🐞
Bought the top of NIO and LI.  Surely I’m safe to diamond hand these established EV companies.  Right? Lol
Probably the imminent lockdown.
I've literally been burnt by puts like 3 times already in nio.. to day I said F it. And bought calls... im legitimately retarded
Dont worry, eventually when you lose all your money, all that write off will still be there waiting for you :)
That article is the most retarded piece of shit I've ever read in a long time. I want to meet that UBS analyst seriously.

Maybe that's why UBS is so shit.
Those calls are dropping like a rock today.
People losing money when every index is green. You hate to see it.
I bought a single share sorry this happens when I buy things.
I feeeeel you ... just bagholding these 11/27 calls & hoping for the best at this point...
i know nothing about it but i knwo it never hurts to take tendies
I sold my puts on NIO for a loss this morning!!!
Going to $100 near March. Claimed it since it was $11 and sticking with it.
Markets trade sideways 24/7/365 in hell.
Now imagine if you weren’t poor.
Yerp
A Table Candlestick
[deleted]
Want to buy tech but I’m scared of mrna positive news over weekend
[deleted]
Both. I sold to cover cost and some profit but IV is insane. My puts are low 30s. I'll buy more later. I'll keep some just incase but a 32P 11/20 should not be worth .67 when stock is 47.50. I bought these not to be a gay bear but because nio will miss ER. 

If they nio drops again today I will sell all but 2 or 3
No BA should cause that makes more sense
And besides all the people dying, more people who survive are still facing debilitating symptoms. Shit I even got COVID in March and my sense of smell is still fucked up. Far from “a bad cold”
Fuck citron
[removed]
Okay citron, where the fuck is your report about fisker? Over a billion market cap with nothing until 2022, you dumb fuck
Will pton go back up over next two weeks?
No NIO crashing
TDOC so gay
It’s going to be flat for the rest of day. Rip
Free money is coming to an end
Or 40 I’d be even more happy
Bought a call this morning on PLAY should I hold or sell while its up?
I’m holding honestly. It may not explode like NIO but there’s rumors of dominos and other delivery services preordering a bunch. They’ll sell at least commercially in NA and possibly move to Europe and Asia markets
wtf BA...
Spy puts pton calls. That’s the play
Nice! I have been doing poor mans covered calls against my long term in the same way
Moderna will be announcing results of phase 3 by end of month
[deleted]
We will never forget
My account just casually down $10K today...good times
NIO call or put 11/13, flip a coin.
I don't think that as Africa is a shithole.

Where else is he supposed to get the materials? If conditions are so terrible why don't the people revolt?
Because some pussy decided to
Sell a lot of his shares
If states lockdown again, shouldn't BABA and SQ go up?
BEARS IN SHAMBLES
Hope you sold retard
Right now since the company is new they can say "its supposed to be losing money.. its a growth stock" and for the valuation being high:. "Its a growth stock, you have to look 10 years out". And for justification.. look at the demand for nio cars in China
just curious do you have a link to earnings estimates?
Haha yeah seems never any flat days for it
It worries me that tech is potentially topping out as vaccine news starts coming in. But I'm still not convinced how people suddenly think value and travel stocks are great buys, given that it'll take a full year for people to be vaccinated meaningfully and there's always the danger of mutation
Because you touched yourself.
I’m cash gang this weekend except on jd and baba. Might regret missing out on a little money if it blows up by Monday but I’m playin it safe
Buy into AQUA water most important commodity
Should I sell my PLTR shares and buy NIO
There’s I believe a $2000 minimum but in 5 mins this gets my dick hard

(Am poor person though)
BABA chillin at $258
Me LOL
I doubt it🤡
My hunch is it will wild out before opex but I have no idea which direction. I want to say "up" because the put call ratio is a little above normal but who knows what the macro trends will be on mon and tues.
If NIO touched $44 real quick before gapping to $55 I'd be happy.
Wtf happened to peloton. Fucking pump and dump.
It would’ve started by now don’t you think
[deleted]
Ah I just read the advisor retracted his early comment because congress would probably not support it lol. They're just banking it all on the vaccine it seems .
you can't compare the two because tesla has been around much longer..but NIO is much further along after five years than tesla was..tesla will always be top dog...NIO will be a top EV alongside..plenty room for all. people who are panic selling are funny..doesn't change NIO's fundamentals..they aren't  Nikola..they have a working product that is back ordered..
Oh good I’m praying for this
...or a duck-like creature that feasts on the flesh of humans.
[deleted]
Spy puts?
Spy puts
Sub 45. Open next week at 39.
You called?
MM keep holding them flat for a year and sell any retail inflows and use the cash to buy Airlines and malls
0tde yolo please
Joined theta gang on Monday. My chart doesn’t look like an EKG scan of a 600 pound dude anymore it’s just a slow burn up as time decay kicks in
[deleted]
yall see pdd? mooning hard
Should have bought the WDAY dip, whatever that is
Free and easy scalps are fun though.
[deleted]
given the current economic climate it is absolutely bizarre that we are flirting with all time highs, but then again this market is devoid of fundamentals because of the FED
I think you’re misinformed and unable to see into the future. If you could go back in time and invest in Ford when he first created the assembly line. You’d be Rockefeller rich. You need to understand. The EV market is a similar phenomenon. ICE is dead by 2030. The only ICE vehicles left will be in third world country’s and antique car shows. I wish you the best of luck bud. Just get out of your own way 😁👌
[deleted]
Can someone please explain to me why nio would go up any further? I got absolutely hammered this week with my other plays and I’m over here thinking about jumping on the Nio rocket, but it seems like it’s not leaving the station again any time soon.
Get your Chinese-EV-Bagholder tears here! Fresh, Salty, straight from the source! Chinese-EV-Bagholder Tears for sale!
Solid dd... lol
Going against CITRON lol

Jump on the JMIA bandwagon and leave NIO behind.  The run is over boys
[deleted]
Up 425% today after being down 40% yesterday, hell yeah brothers!!!!!!!
When jerome and gang pull the rug.
ez bread
Once all the big boys have their electric vehicles ready, this EV bubble is going to utterly collapse and destroy people’s portfolios. They’ll eat up all the market share and these meme EV companies will be left floundering on the sidelines
I’m in the same boat idk what to do
Spy puts now
BABA leaps are free money but I’m too broke to buy any rn
Ok. Ask yourself? Is Boeing finally coming back?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/bob6544 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sold all my puts on Boomer stocks yesterday, noticed all of my positions and more we're now inversing. Already planned on inversing to cash in on moderna. Easy money so far, just gotta hope it's not priced in by the time news drops.
Same
Took an insane profit from my Li Auto after open Earnings Report.....and had only bought stocks just before market close yesterday. NIO will follow suit on the 17. Just HOLD or BUY MORE !!!!!!
Nacny Pelosi literally diamond held FB calls back in the day and made bank...someone needs to call her out on that if she's going to attack Zucc
Why are all the boomer stocks mooning again? Upcoming vaccine pump?
>where are the anti belters?

do not provoke this
Thanks Fox Propaganda News
Hate this fucking market
a lot of effort is going into keeping nio down today. especially since earnings is next week
Didn’t shorts lose like a couple billion over NIO or something 🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️
PLTR to NIO: amma da kapten now
Glad I sold my NIO call this morning, I legit did the same thing every day this week and took steps up

Buy NIO calls at close, sell at open, rinse and repeat
Yo when is spy dumping
Pfft what the fuck do they know about stonks?
I hope
I did 5k in Harley Davidson puts thinking the down market would kill their stocks...
No stimulus til February is bullish?
switch to ROPE
This movement is people positioning for a possible vaccine news from Moderna being released over the weekend
Lol. Take a look at PDD. JD is better and has more market share. It'll crush earnings and get a bunch of upgrades. 115-120 next week.
[deleted]
Oof
As a spy bear I’m crying rn
PLTR 25C 2/19/21
Same because it was obviously coming
How the fuck is this labled DD?
100% you can even use that to get a low enough number to collect food stamps if you want to I do believe(I heard a story about someone who heard a story).
GP & NGD
[deleted]
FSR peep that 37 grand electric f type
No use. I sold my puts 5 minutes ago. CCL will start tanking now that it can’t fuck me
Waiting on Moderna, please. WTF happened to AAPL today, too?
“Oh boy there’s a COVID vaccine, now my family can go back on our yearly Carnival cruise where everyone only gets viral gastroenteritis instead.”
[removed]
We won’t
[deleted]
One last entry into NIO to see if I can make back what I lost today.
wondering the same thing... BA + airlines... WTF
Think a lot of news will come around January. Widely available in June.
What the hell is this
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
LI   40.0|1.65|1.69|1.7|-0.56|199.284%

**Unusual option activity detected on the LI 40.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

LI 40.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc5zjwk&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Fuck this left cunt i won‘t be looking at my portfolio until monday
But NIO...
Still here
When 80% WSB starts talking about Nio or any particular company, it's time to sell or at least wait for a dip in price
Ok bought SOLO at peak should I sell or hold?
he is taking about Solo cups.  Going to sink it.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ipawnn00bz the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I feel like I'm in Blacked episode the way I've been fucked today
I DECLARE... B A N K R U P T C Y
Nio never lose
by saying things like this, you are preventing some retards' catastrophes. 

you should not do that, let them perish, it's nature
Crushed on baba. Let's see what happens by the 27th hopefully my portfolio stays alive
Stimulus is just a temporary blip, no money can save the problem now it’s beyond repair.
LI 40c 11/20? Is this a good idea?
Because ur pp is smol and soff
Lmao fml I’m on same day EXPO.
Spy 359c 11/18 hope we gap up again this weekend
ikr
I have a small position as well so I won't be too upset if it tanks, but I'm greedy as hell up 200% right now and still holding lol.
thanks king I needed that👊
I believe UVXY is a 2x leveraged version of VXX. I usually avoid leveraged ETFs for various reasons. Their volume looks to be roughly the same.
Its had his pump this morning, up 209% last 3 days! Still no product on a market and not considered a ev! Investment mby, day trade too risky, GL
UBS financial analyst with no medical background: we will have 0 cases by q2 because of the vaccine. Markets moon as a result.

Nice to know I can come on CNBC and spout some nonsense and get the markets moving.
We have to show these so called “analysts” they don’t know shit. Take down Citron. We’re in charge now
Shat his pants, so technically yes
Nobody here cares about the value after 11/20 is the truth.
 hhahahaha sold nio before the dip
okay SPCE ready to take off now
They should but they aren't because gay
Curse my wretched 🧻🖐
what do u see thats mooning?
I had 1000 dollars worth of  January 2021 30 c's that I sold three months ago... Stopped paying attention after that. I missed out on a stupid amount of money.
You mean a single buy contract isn't a yolo? Shocking.
All the vaccine recovery plays are ripping
It's ok. ..... I bought calls before the drop and now I'm holding the suckered through earnings.
so.. why exactly are reopening stocks mooning and tech down? Aren't we literally just hitting new ATHS for rona
Sorry I read that as snark, I hope things pick up for you
Balls deep in TSLA. Missed the boat on NIO since 20 🤡, so just watching that one at this point .. not involved , long or shot
Moderna? or some third vaccine results perhaps?
/r/babystreetbets
Good entry point for ZM
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK THIS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Retard here, is that legal lol
I'm playing it long on FCEL with a butt load of shares but no way it has the same run as NIO
I’m in brought $350 poots too let’s make this shmoneyyy
SPR is up a cool 8% today. Check it [https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/SPR?p=SPR](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/SPR?p=SPR)
Is there more vaccine news?
Fitzpatrick hit that shit in the water, puts on WDAY
Classic low volume pump
Yeah. I know. (Teach me!)
40 😌🇺🇸🦅
NIO is now being hit heavy by Citron report and shorts.  Either bears win or NIO pump kills bears and Citron with a short squeeze.
Max pain today is around 40 isn’t it
[deleted]
True. My stop loss got triggered this morning while I was busy, and saw the opportunity and went for it. I’ll see what happens, might hop back into NIO after earnings
PLTR GANG TAKING OFF, TO THE MOOON!!!!
Source?
Just submitted a tip to the SEC about the Citron article
NIO
same
Theta gang sorcery with this gap up and fade shit. DUMP IT ALREADY FUCK
just found it nvm. thanks
You momos accept sector rotation is occurring with Microsoft and Apple, but also think now is a time to be overly bullish. do you people not understand how much of the ENTIRE stock market these two names make up? I’m not even talking about the ETFs on the dow Jones, Nasdaq, or spy I’m talking the entire market. If you think we can have any type of bull market without these names moving up I got calls to sell you.
The market closed early?
Positions or ban
Awful play
Bears will win today.
Boutta just put all my money into Carnival and hope for a nice cruise next year. Fuck NIO
Like 3.5 or something.

I dunno.
How so?
[deleted]
Cool.. bought XPEV puts yesterday because I thought they bubble was ready to pop.

Panic sold this morning and switched to a call at the top.. proceeded to get rammed both ways.

Wife is sad-laughing at me.. Will probably look for a new boyfriend soon
[deleted]
VIX dropping as we speak is all I'm saying. We would have seen signs if there was going to be a huge sell off. No big drill today
So my 11/20 20c call is fucked?
Ban for not meeting yolo requirements.
Why not
shit i totally missed them when do they report
NIO eod?
Who remembers the chinese cock sucking Nio shills? Good old days.
[deleted]
Talking about a possible 4-6 week shutdown . Covid stocks like ZM should moon right ?
Why do stocks only do wild shit when I’m cash gang
JD YOU BEAUTIFUL SLUT 🤤
I feel like I should buy spy puts eod..
Agreed. It's pricing in 100% of the company's potential, not reflecting any risk that they don't succeed.
Citron was the mistake.
>triple top

Is this your favorite position? 3x penetration?

How is this a bearish signal lol, its literally a gamble. Either we breakout or we don't....I guess you have a crystal ball?
i bought a bunch too but bullish news is comin out i guess
I’m generally pretty bullish, but I can’t shake the feeling today. Not buying anything, thinking we’ll see some downward movement next week.
Die NIO you commie fuck. USA USA USA
Yeah it tracks volatility, shits about to get messy, 160k+ people are being diagnosed with a deadly virus everyday and it’s rising, I’m sure this’ll pay off, the question is how much profit do I sell at.
The price action, recently, is pump and dump like. Being an EV company may be the only thing the two have in common.
Idk... that is a pretty large % increase over a short time. I would personally go a bit further out with my calls
Is NIO overvalued? sure they are as is tesla..zoom and peloton..doesn't change fundamentals of the company in where they are headed..NIO is a legit company moving forward..whatever tesla does with the model Y in china will be countered by NIO after..all this is too be expected as no one can be surprised with this "report"..duh it's overvalued..but I still love NIO...just another chance to stock up once it goes down :)
Moderna vaccine news maybe leaked repeat of Monday might happen
I was told there would be a Friday the 13th rug pull....
Spiking up to 54, and then down to 44 in the space of an hour is fucking nuts.
This is the way
Moon everyday
Literally nothing
Doubled down on shares today. Not a huge position but feeling good.
Need Donny boy to dump a hate tweet
How is GM and BMW innovating does future growth tho?
Cruise lines going up right now is fucking hilarious like cmon. Also Lyft/Uber like really who’s buying this shit rn
This is the third Friday in a row that Nio pumps in PM, goes back down, and sits there until PM Monday Morning.
It was me - I added another 100
Here's some NIO magic crayons...  


[https://i.imgur.com/vRY3rNe.png](https://i.imgur.com/vRY3rNe.png)

As I see it, today was a potential exhaustion gap. Obvious yearnings release next week complicates matters but it's there....  


My guess is NIO closes the week around 48.5. If not, if it has MORE downside, look for 40.50 - 41.50. Upside is obv capped at 50 because options.
This is the way
Ban the fomoer cucks please
Dumping bigly
SPG is ripping wtf
Can't believe i'm holding LI bags now.  What an asshole
All these smart cars are going to need chips, and NVDA makes some mighty fine chips for smart cars!
Maybe but I ain't holding long. Earnings Monday morning. They gonna crush it
Lol
It had a spike today but it’s just gonna drop from here
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/The_Yolo_life the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I sold at like 7.10 or so but I missed the peak too
What price would you be buying?
SPXS is a bear fund. You're suggesting selling calls on it as a hedge against a market downtrend. Won't you get assigned if the market drops and SPXS goes up?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPCE   30.0|0.07|0.08|0.08|-0.03|124.55%


SPCE 30.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc5z9we&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I’m with you brother. Where the rest of my deep state bois at?
Spy 360 eod
I was gonna but I feel like they'll move together anyway. If NIO gets wiped out I'd rather have a way OTM NIO put and an XPEV call.
Nice timing on this as now the calls are on sale... True hero of the people!
He is making it sound like no stimulus needed, job recovery talks going well
This is the way
[deleted]
it went from +13% to down -5%?

roughly an 18% swing. It do go down
SPY AT 356 is a crime against humanity
Your home is in /r/smallstreetbets
Okay... random guy on the internet  told us to unite. I guess we all have to listen guys!
Buying nio calls simply for IV uptick? Feel like I can can squeeze out 15% easily before Tuesday
**FSR**

**The EV Safe Haven from Bear Articles**

&#x200B;

position: 20c 11/20
Looking to pick up spy puts for EOD sell of and sell half to hold monday.... pray
I actually like buying your debit spread idea into the close today.  Will still make 6x return if it hits 60 no matter the IV crush
Selling now or think it will go lower into the earnings?
Buying expired puts for the boys is truly heroic, unless you mean 11/20 which I guess will suffice
And I will promptly be buying calls, depending on the situation. But, agreed.
Nope
Is there more vaccine news?
Just bought 10 shares bc of this comment to tendies fellow retard. Fuck I hate myself.
I gotchu
I actually like their music. Not a big fan of death metal, but their take on it is interesting
You're gonna say this about being up 12% when you're down 20%
Round 2 for nio?
Spy dump?
FSR ready for takeoff
Second on SOLO moon this shit
Idk. Think they hired somebody else. I ended up getting another job two weeks later and really didn’t want the first one so it worked out
I’m sorry, I thought this was America
Beijing street bets at this point
I didnt say to use the discord  :/
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   54.0|0.11|0.13|0.12|-0.05|167.26%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 54.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 54.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc5z70b&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Hey! I’m a McMahon too!
Come on zoom I know u wanna drill quit resisting it and go down
Own both stocks, up bigly on both. 
Feels like I’m dating NIO but I’m having kids with TSLA
This didn't age well
Rotation into CCL
10% wide IC's on NIO exp 11/20 are like 2 baggers if they go flat after earnings rn lol

Theta gang has FD's too 😎
pltr
Even after the attempted murder, Nio is only down to yesterday's price. Look at even just the past week and it doesn't look so bad.
ahhh, aged like the value of an EV driven off the lot.
isn't that bearish... no stimmy bad
Going into LI calls now?
aint jd getting clipped by regulation as well?
Catching these Nordstrom spikes every week is great

Down 7%, up 7%
Thx for buying my 11/13 54c NIO covered calls at the top.
Guys I’ve made good calls so far so hear me out in this one. I told y’all to get out yesterday on the EVs and I was right about where the price would dip to and everything. Stay out of the EVs this weekend I have a feeling Monday will have a slight dip again and the news this weekend might fuck things up because as we know this is all rigged by the big wigs and all eyes are on Chinese EVs right now and they might use Tesla or something to try to sabotage it. Wait till Monday then we ride it for the ER
Yes by February for sure especially after Nio day
SOLO
[removed]
Oh I’m aware, how’s your BABA position going?
Lol same
Of the girl sleeping?
Playing CVS like my life depends on it right now. Dailies, weeklies, a few LEAPs
This poor shmuck doesn’t look like he has even 91 cents.
No, step away from your keybord, dont do that to your life!
[deleted]
vaccine hopes
retard
Thanks for pumping nio. Doubling my money again on nio puts.
shorted 20k worth at $48
WSB: FML for missing the NIO boat, YOLO @ 54

*NIO falls 10% on one opinion*

WSB: No way I’m buying at this price. 

😂
Hopefully for you, people will be buying the dip on all EV. Unfortunately LI didn’t have the earnings of XPEV and NIO is gonna blow earnings out of the water. I’d say sell Tuesday while all of EV is running in anticipation for NIO earnings. It might continue to run up with the sector. But also NIO being direct completion might hurt LI so 🤷‍♂️
Rotation into Palantir let's go!
This is the way
Was up 1k now down 500 thanks nio
Nio is so boring now... just dump it already so I can buy more for earnings
Travel.  CCL/MGM
Dip for bulls is good.
Whos bagholding at $54???
PLUG gang
Discord chat is terribly unreadable in most of the rooms. 10 people type at once, 3 people repeat some random unrelated crap or post gifs of women (??)
That's a good point. It makes their report much less credible because they didn't wait for the most up to date information before posting. It means they have an agenda to their paper.
u think. they will be up at some point or somn?
So that is 50/50 basic math
Yeah, I’m with you. We’ve been in a trading range since beginning of September, currently near the top. With COVID spiking exponentially and no apparent positive catalyst, think we pull back over the next couple weeks to the mid to lower end of the trading range. Low end around 325. Bounce if we get there.
Fuck that dude TBH
YES YES AND YES $100 FEB !!!
U stupid like me haha Atleast i sold at a profit
One can only aspire to reach these levels of YOLO.
Post ER IV crush
Bulltard bullish

   **Fed's Bullard downplays need for additional massive stimulus, says job market recovery has been much stronger than last recession**
Do you mind keeping a fellow gay bear updated on this position? I will be following you into the battle, but on a much smaller position.
10Q: Michael Gonnella to succeed Ben Hakim as CFO of $PSTH 

Things are moving.

https://twitter.com/yolocapitalmgmt/status/1327290119968223234?s=21
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
Ban for not meeting yolo requirements.
LOL,  Nio has a bigger market cap than both GM and BMW.  Y'all are utterly retarded chasing after this bubble.  Absolutely zero can justify such a lofty valuation, regardless of how big the potential market size of China is.  People have used the argument that hurr, durr durr, 'China is big' to always justify Chinese stock bubble after bubble.  At some point, reality smacks you in the face.   Retards to the slaughterhouse.
Why?
Word. Knows her shit
SPY is dumping this afternoon
please don’t disgrace the wu with your ev banter
Thanks Dad
[removed]
sell calls
That’s like putting a “Danger: Do Not Enter. You won’t come back” sign in front of a perilous cave. Idiots see the sign and want to go in more
[deleted]
Why the hell are cruise lines mooning?
I don’t agree nio will grow that much. They aren’t Tesla, never will be. People totally hyped it up to beyond belief in my opinion. Even Tesla is hyped beyond belief but only difference is they have Elon who people think is literally a god.
Direct listing share gang laughing at you lol
Stock indexes aren't going to be literally constant >\_>. It is flat relative to how most days are....
Yeah, Xi is playing games but he knows the score.  Baba is super important to China
Went from being up 55% on the day to up 12%. I'm such a fucking idiot why can't I just stop while I'm ahead!!
YOLO on SOLO
i dont care who tf you are, they probably are not desperate to hire you
[deleted]
Seriously fucking Elon can never tweet anything that makes the stock go up
Sold my $48 NIO puts this morning when it went up to 52-53, fuck
:(
Pton calls at 100 have been free money for 2 months now
You deserve this.
anyone buying dking dip?
Wtf is spy doing
Fake AND gay? 

Incredible work
Have you heard of OnlyFans?
Volume...
Well thanks! Given my post, one could assume I had no knowledge of that. Thanks for informing
[deleted]
Getting some more juicy XPEV calls for next week. This will hit 50 easily again!
LUV to 45
Light at the end of the tunnel with PFE vax.
[removed]
That purchase cooled them off for a bit
Been here since March, I've seen a drill or 2.

Edit: that's what I'm referencing, VIX ded today
im holding
>you’re just being a dick

You know what sub you're in, right?
WSB likes to buy high and sell low duh
Its a good sign you'll get an offer but not an offer yet. So don't cancel other interviews. Send thank you emails today if u haven't yet.
IV on nio options is fucking insane right now
Green dildo XOM incoming
[deleted]
Sunday could be good for them or it could be buy the rumor/sell the news. Safe play is sell now especially if you're in for short term but you could also miss out. I have a small position that's in for the long haul.
Where you been man there’s been people bitching about NIO all week
the sub has a chat room too.
 get out of here with your lonely autistic only dating post.
Its  like Farmers only but only for sad limp tendies.
Welcome to IV cousin. Next time keep an eye on your implied volatility. Earnings plays get fucking wrecked by this every time.
as long as it maintains that support..
Ya leave
Just threw 12k on 900 UVXY shares and I’m not even worried
Do you remember your cost average?
NIO no longer BFF. GM now NEW BFF! PS FUCK U CITRON
FLY, SOUTHWEST, FLY!
Iv? Theta?
Fucking dumb ass market. The vaccine might be coming sometime next year, which means people will be so busy getting vaccinated and going on cruises that they won't have any free time to buy an iPhone! Sector rotation!
How about stuck at this for 2 weeks then dump please.
Nvda calls for Monday? What are your feels?

Italian or Chinese tonight?
Fuck you wash sales, is it a crime to buy the dip?
Or Stocktwits
What are shares?
what are your tlsa positions?
They murdered my boy vix lol
Same with how many people survive car crashes
Nah. It could easily go flat.

Currently SPX channel is like 3510-3580 and 3555 is the major support point rn
Why?
Why are we even green?
Can we sue citron for being pos?
New meme: market maker go nomomomomom
Same dude
Earnings were this morning bruh, next week is nio
NIO is such a troll
Yes they are 🤑
How are all these non covid stocks mooning? Some shit is going down tonight.
buying an option and then coming here and asking if it will go up or down

nice
Okay the volatility will go up until earnings on the 18th. If you buy puts and calls far enough out that theta doesn't fuck you, you will gain on average from the IV increase.

Or make a large profit if it jumps one way or the other.

You just have to sell before earnings.

I'm doing this but it's probably retarded so don't take this as advice. 

12/18 32p and 12/18 53c, in a 1/2 ratio is my position
I'm sorry bro. No disrespect intended. Veterans' day is a difficult time. Peace be with you,  and good luck to us both in the market.
no fuckin way that will be true lol still spiking almost a year in, the descent will be about the same amount of time
Anyone else selling NIO and rotating into XPEV since there’s no earnings uncertainty?
Anyone playing CVS or TGT? 🚀🚀
*" Nio’s market cap has now surpassed Daimler’s despite the fact that Nio sells roughly 5,000 vehicles per month and* [*Daimler sells*](https://twitter.com/GordonJohnson19/status/1326919312498700290) *about 1 million vehicles per month. " - Benzinga*

Man, this is ridic. Even god emperor ELON did not reach these levels (sales multiples) and add on top of that all the things TSLA will offer, from energy trade to solar to autonymous drive.

If this ain't a bubble, not sure what is.
WSB mood swings every minute
nio dipping :S  all ev bleeding now cause of the report?
Savage 😂
They'll settle for you if they can't find anyone better
America > China
🐻
He does attract and use talent effectively, but you’re underestimating how heavily he’s involved in the actual engineering and design. Most of his time at SpaceX is spent as an engineer and designer.
panhandle back into the game bro
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SPY**|**$350**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-12-18**|**$7.16**|**$355.62**|**37667**|**5825**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhghllow94pc0720jrc5erog) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/FlipCallsFuckPuts/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
When was the last dickbreaker theta day on a friday lol
Buy high sell low
Didn’t say “no homo” so...
Dw man. Whether you get the job or not, just yolo wsb rec’s
..and then Covid19 suddenly expires on 12/31/20.
Yeah bro he fucked us with that stock offering
Holy cow those GM FD’s i bought yesterday worked out 😱
If they really wanted to to legit DD, they would’ve waited 2 days for the ER and get that latest info into their report for proper assessment.
I literally am up on all of mine lol
People in here showing up after the beer is gone and still trying to pay $5 cover
if only for the hype
I have barely slept in 2 days. I really wish I sold at the top today so I could finally get some sleep. Instead, im trapped here staring at numbers go up and down, waiting for my time to strike. I have no one to blame for this besides myself and Citron.
Man, JWN really has violent movements haha
[https://i.ibb.co/H2Q7qfJ/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/H2Q7qfJ/image.png)

SPX 11/18 3615c for $175k just rolled in
Spy is coiling
They asked her what shoes she wears when she broadcasts from home and she said she does it barefoot 😳
>Waiting for NIO earnings. If it NIO goes up... so will all Chinese EV. Also today is option day, so profit taking.
right what’s all this then?
Whats ur PT
[deleted]
Lots getting killed too
You should always take other interviews. Leverage your current final interview to pressure them to fast track you to the final interview. If you get multiple offers in hand, leverage that for a higher salary upon negotiation.
I like how people cheer on their positions like they’re at a little league game or something. 


It’s me I’m people.
Peace up  ✌️ a town down ⬇️
20% chance of one false positive * 20% chance of another false positive = 4% chance he got two false positives assuming the hypothesis he is negative. In other words, 96% chance he has the rona. He still should get the PCR test, my county does not even accept the rapid antigen test as valid.
[deleted]
Ooof. Dump and pump time?
I’ll fucking tell ya.

JD is such a loyal ho, literally never let me down.
I mean, it dropped around the same percent earlier this week too
Yes. Dump your grandmothers life savings into it.
will the 737 max fly?
yep, that dufus in the front flashing the universal sign for calls definitely got caught with his pants down.
[deleted]
[so are you saying that I have big good strong hands?](https://youtu.be/aj-OpTHixpU?t=24)
Fuck Nio and Elon’s tweeting ass for costing me Tesla money
Idk why but a majority of my stocks that i hold is EVs and it hit me hard today. I remember when i was younger and only held ETFs. I’m gonna go back to that strategy.
Yes, friend, this is the way. Thanks for not overreacting to my comment.
[deleted]
I wouldn't touch it
Only time they told me “you’re basically hired” I ended up not getting the job
Cuz I'm 6 hours behind est
I mean if you're buying long term it doesn't really matter, unless it dives down to $40 on monday.
F
This is the same outlet Donald Trump gets his COVID predictions from 🤣🤣
I wasn't "supposed" to be doing this shit. that wasn't the plan. it was to become a professor. sorta ended up here somehow.
Who else value chilling on TSLA, getting popcorns/ipa/ while watching the NIO porn unfold .. (that stock may still go higher tho, or lower, no one knows 🤡)

“The aggressive Tesla Model Y pricing should put $NIO back at consensus $25 price tgt when the sugar high wears off.”

Source-  https://mobile.twitter.com/CitronResearch/status/1327260733684346880
Stabilized for two hours At .60 lol but yeah now it’s higher then it was it all about when you enter those penny stocks lol
How is BA mooning given the extreme uptick of cases lmao
Didn’t we teach you last time old man
Too high. I'm high
So PLTR is going up but my $20c is dying. I don’t understand this shit man
They have discord rooms for that bud 😂
*affected
I sold 1800 shares for $4.1 at 12/31/19

It’s hard to say. Investing 8k in NIO that was 2x from a few months prior in the midst of a trade war then global pandemic.... it’s not like it was some awful decision.

Would it shock anyone that Nio dropped to $25 and stood there for 5 years? If the answer is “not really” then it’s hard to justify getting mad about “lost gains”
[removed]
Some fucks at a company thought Nio not good they’re retarded
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   50.0|4.65|4.75|4.7|0.82|199.66%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 50.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 50.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc5yrh0&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Yes, but when does bad news mean anything?
Antarctica
I'm a bear at heart but I feel like we've been thinking that since march and it has yet to work
Idk what about vaccines coming soon
[removed]
Tech flat as your moms tits and small caps and dow elevated. Come on guys you know that more vaccine results and cases are going to flatten and die down naturally anyways the market is telling you it’s looking at value plays.
Yeah but that news of Xi was out there yesterday when BABA was trading in HK but it ended up green. It’s the american investors who dumped it more today
WSB Yesterday: OMG NIO is a godsend. Best stock ever.

WSB Today: OMG NIO is utter crap. worst stock ever.
YOLOing everything on NIO 50C 11/20 cheers
Spys being an indecisive little bitch
The exact same 😂
Should be fine, McDonald’s hires almost anyone
How do you know that was the bottom?
Narrator: *this is how they learnt what happens when you FOMO*
Why’re you tripping this is a meme stock look at the volume and market cap
what
I thought he was dead
Options are expensive for it and there aren’t many strikes available.
Yeah really, people shouldn't take the word of a short seller (Citron) when they say to sell your stock, they're pretty transparent in their motivations.
Glad I sold all my calls yesterday at lunch time. Whew
Spread the Nio love everywhere you go...tell family, friends, strangers..
COVID is about to spinkick us into reality shortly. These ATHs are going to be faced with everyone simultaneously realizing 2k+ Americans are dying daily again and cases will be at a quarter million a day soon. Puts on life. I am officially gay bear
I heard 420.69...
BABA is trading like it's 3:50pm not the middle of the day.
You figure they dumped it to get in before earnings?
What’s the report?
Its ok, i just explained to my co worker what his 30k he bought of T back 1998 would have been if he had done apple or amazon would be today 😂
Might be! Who knows 🤷🏼‍♀️ gave up on swinging and just doing day trading momentum. All of my “theories” tend to be wrong timing or assumption about longer dated shit. I definitely don’t know a lot yet lol
As I understood it depends on the Options available. Basically someone has to write those options. Writing an option you can make money with commissions but you can also end up in huge debts (as I understand) because you are forced to Sell at the price you write in the option, and if the Buyer (call or put) decides to exercize their Option you are obbligated to buy it
My portfolio could be near a million in 6 months. It won’t, but it could be
Sold puts on that dip. IV so high.
Sorry about your calls
Dierdre Bosa is so intelligent
SPY Max Pain is $352...Let's see if this theory holds water
Fuck PDT. I ironically would have well above 25k in my account if I was allowed to day trade... its a dumb rule.
lmao

Have you ever seen a true drill? VIX spikes during the drill.

Also VIX raised huge yesterday
Puts on  MSFT - my windows update been at 0% for an hour now
In a nutshell:

“We want you to sell so we can buy in cheaper”
Lol it’s where it was yesterday, YESTERDAY ha stfu tard
Right. So freaking easy
Exactly.  Fucking scam artists ruining the party for everyone.
54\*
I shouldve sold my SOLO at 10am, I wouldve made 4k off them... now im just holding and hoping the stock keeps going up
Wow just wow
why because there wont be anyone left to catch it lmao
Facts
What was the gay news? I saw prices plummet 10 bucks or so a share.
Said that at 280, 275, 265, ...
it’s a boomer stock now apparently
[deleted]
like seriously, move bitch
It’s cheap because its retarded. The flight is gonna explode mid flight.
I heard from insider trading Nio will go to $169 after earnings
can you explain if you don't mind?
It... it has to go back up tho.. right..?
Will it tho..
Anyone selling BABA calls at this sell-off? Will there be a rebound soon? I have 285 12/18
what if she's the one that told you about it.
A lagging indicator. If we plummet it will rise
Never assume anything is safe in communist China. It’s always a gamble.
How are we feeling abt LI?
You bought puts because of NY lockdowns too right
Or he could do that now as you know the current president
So who bought nio puts at the bottom?
Solid DD, good luck.
beautiful, thank you
means the idiot funds are buying into travel and industrial when we are setting a new world record for infections every day lol
[https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/20/11/18361189/citron-pulls-plug-on-nio-says-valuation-can-never-be-justified](https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/20/11/18361189/citron-pulls-plug-on-nio-says-valuation-can-never-be-justified)
Truth
Maybe jd
Triple decker circuit breakers today at 2p 🤡🧨🤡🧨🧨🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
i stopped reading after "just seen a tiktok"
Yes but only once
Q1-2 maybe of 2021 when it releases iphone 12 and macbook m1 sales ?
PLTR leaps seem like free money
Rich people don’t need to play options
yeah! got my $80
[deleted]
SPY trading like a geriatric kangaroo
Anyone left NIO? Thanks for the dip
[deleted]
[deleted]
I believe my DRI puts will print... starting now
NEED HELP PLS 
I just did my interview and three to four interviewer took turns to interview me is that a good sign? 

Then they told me I’m basically hired unless circumstances changed and said that if I have other interview appointments I should give it a try too. 

And then told me to wait for their email.

Is this a good sign?

Edit: I am quite confuse about the part they said” if I have other interviews I shld give it a try too. “

I’ll give one of ya an award pls
Now SPY just needs to pull a NIO for me today
[deleted]
Cmon MMs PUMP TECH
If Xi can say sike real quick 🙏
Folks that bought at 3-10$ a share 12 months ago probably not financially effected as you 😂
Okay. False negative covid test likelihood compared to false positive likelihood: 100:1. He had TWO positive tests and he his sick. Take Elon’s conspiracy cock out of your ass and use your brain.
Nah, check OP’s history.. it’s all sports betting and weed... he’s one of us.
This means there's a 4% chance he has two false positives, then, right? So a 96% chance he has covid?
(.)(.)
Now what to buy on the dip because everything will (hopefully) moon on monday.
sister, but yeah 🙏
Fr im tryna drop 300k on 1 ITM call
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYzT-Pk6Ogw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYzT-Pk6Ogw)
[deleted]
spy gonna do a random bull run probably
Do you think politicians in The republic of Congo work in interest of the people? Child labour lawsuits have been hushed by glencore cobalt. These are mines with the safety precautions of the early 1900s.
no we aren't r/investing - all in or go home
dunno who's downvoting you on that, but has to be for nio.  I've been dropping a $500 to $1000 per month on PCG since june.  currently sitting on 304 shares at an average of 9.59.    


it's the only "value" stock that comprises over 1% of my portfolio.
I’d like to see that crayon drawing
Nio gonna be stuck at this range until eod dump
If AMD could go back to $86 anytime soon that would be great... wtf is AMD's problem?
I am smelling a lot of EUPHORIA around here lately
King autismo
lol, travel?

MRNA vaccine pump anticipation I'd guess
Spce the time is now they go to space next week
This was result of rumours leaking that it was Xi personally that blocked the Ant IPO.

Previously it was just "faceless Chinese regulators shutdown Ant IPO" which caused the original drop.

Then there was news of anti-trust legislation coming in for ecommerce in China, this hit JD, TECHY and BABA.

Finally there is this news that the Ant IPO debacle was a personal fuck you from Xi.
Calls on CVS ez pz. 75 EOW next week, 90 EOY
Imagine getting margin on RH to play BRK/A OTM calls...
Baba has to be free money at this point right?????????
That people arnt even buying the stock for the companies prospects. Essentially just exposed it as a meme stock.
11/16 356p
Well elongated muskrat got covid. God status removed. William "The Goat" Li is king.
Overpriced and projects a dump
Who dis?
Just seen a TikTok about how wallstreetbets is a bunch of “duche bags”
Wday
Vaccine news coming out soon, PFE high tech low
basically its a hype stock and gave it a price target of $25
No. I’m saying that all EV slumped with the posting of that article and people are crying and bears are celebrating. It’s short sighted.
Been spouting this since it dropped.
God I love the UI but the bugs, the bugs man.
Can we ban low volume days this is boring
sounds like a perfect time to play it, it's going somewhere EOD. There's a lot of FUD and optimism, one side will win.
Lol dang I think we should have been paying more attention rather than sub Redditing profits 🤣🤣🤣
🌈🐻
I’m convinced citron only does this on companies they want to own.
It may be time for callz
Solo will test all time highs again and dump. Holding 5.5 and 7.5 calls and up bigly still
Your stonk: red

NKLA: +10%
The 2020 NIO pump and dump. Live and learn whoever lost!!
NIO gonna make me act up 🤤
Na they wont I've tried
Stop loss triggered on my NIO. What did you stupid noobs do? 😂
No I don’t think so, we’re all just trying to make money and you’re just being a dick
Same, I’m poor so I had to buy 53c for collateral
I’m convinced that The only reason we haven’t seen a big rug pull is bc MMs are just eating up your premiums
So ignorant, only oil companies hoping to greenwash  are pumping H2
[removed]
Use two different brokers
Triple top, COVID fears, profit taking before EOY, etc.
If you bought the dip you made money
Damn missed out again on the trendy train for cbat
Fair point. Let's see how it goes
This
Yea and it would’ve easily if not for some gay news
Me. Bought 5 47P at open for 19c EA and sold at breakeven. They went as high as $3.15. had 5 contracts...fuck me. Paperhand much...fuckk
UBS is retarded if they think its gonna be 0
We'll see.
Yes its almost time to throw big parties again with the vaccine coming soon..calls on beer pong
Puts on electric cars and solar. Calls on diesel, other heavy oils and red meat.
Imagine buying puts on two companies that have revenues that will get slaughtered by another lockdown, then imagine them both going up 6% in 2 fucking hours for no god damn reason.  At least these aren't weeklies, I'm diamond handing and going to where there is no cell/internet service for the weekend.  See you retards next week.
FNKO !!!!!
Lol. Citron report on NIO 2 days before earnings? When XPEV and LI mooned after each of their earnings? This timing ain’t coincidence. Y’all get manipulated so easily.
Woke up to a face ripping day that turned ugly quick
We just cannot compare nio with Tesla. The huge difference here is Tesla has Elon Musk, people literally think he’s a god. He cannot fail. Nio can fail. That’s the difference.
Its big funds pumping and dumping. Today and Monday is when those 401K fund flows come thru.
Could you help a noob out and explain? Or just tell me to fuck off.
steady like a hand with Parkinson's
Superb- just when you feel like you couldn't be any more mentally stunted, WSB will always remind you that there is someone/thing further along the spectrum than you. Lets pray big Xi authorises a few of the extra 0's on next week's earnings...
What if NIO like traded flat today 😳
To take profit? Yeah. I mean if it wasn’t illegal he could just bought the dip he created. That’d be genius. But to sell out of a company that’s gonna 10x from this point over the next 3-5 years. Is borderline masochistic.
\~353K capital outlay if you include the 0DTE CSP.  
Yep, I still haven't mastered on how to sell at the bottom.

Sometimes I mess up and sell at the top.  
Practice makes perfect though, tune in next week to see how it ends up.
Fk
[removed]
supposed to prevent them from entering them in the first place lol
To be fair, this sub is not much better when its bouncing up and down on the dick of Chinese stocks. I personally stay away from that shit - this is a big world and there are an infinite number of opportunities for moneymaking outside of China.
show bobs pls
Why BRK/A have no options?
Haha true. But also it’s only an analyst report, who knows where the stock will trend in the next days and weeks. Wouldn’t be surprised to see it take off again
No, no NT wizard except for the very beginning.
I literally just canceled a $47.5 buy order for 10 more shares on this comment. Do you really think another dip? Because I’m afraid of a run up that puts us around $55
Im in
If Trump was president-elect he would be pumping this market so damn much with vaccine news and upcoming news
What price you get those contracts?
I bought puts
buddy of mine is about to buy a shit ton of solo, get in before he does lol
[deleted]
Not as sad as NIO call holders
Shit couple months ago it was Tesla. And nothing else about Tesla gains, welcome to WSB
[removed]
Listen bro you don’t understand the market at all I’m trying to help you. Do you know what a bear market is? It’s not prices are going down. It’s returns to the upside are non existent. It’s not about apples price it’s about Apple not having enough buyers and retail left holding it. If that happens Apple will slow bleed will it bounce sure. However if people stop buying it then we will have a market like Japan. Ten years with no significant returns. That’s where we are heading if big investors don’t see any return in Apple or Microsoft. It’s not about prices bro. You think you’re smarter than a hedge fund manager? If you do good go all in on Apple, but I am telling you they are selling out and praying there’s enough retail investors out there to hold their bags.
NIO don’t go down, IT DO GO DOWN
4th pic from the left? What's goin on here fella? lol
[deleted]
Not always but it's a pretty good indicator
They keep moving the goal posts when staff is trying to get promotions.
Lmaooooooo
Already did. 11/20 50c 👍
That their valuation at 50 isn’t justified
Not if you sell right before earnings.

I'm saying IV gain will make all the options go up in value until then - "On average". so buy puts and calls insulate yourself from Price movement, and farm IV.
Tech tanking

Spy up

Vix down

Thats right, idk what it means
Lunch fade starting
[deleted]
R u buying in again
lol where
 

Covid cases in U.S. could be near zero in 6 months, UBS economist says
What about LI?
I'm doing that thing where my brain is yelling at me to buy OTM SPY puts, but I'm probably not going to do it, and I'll probably be kicking myself.
Ducking with stupid ass NIO all morning forgot to jump on PDD
Will robindhood remove your PDT if you asked for it ? Has anyone tried it before ?
[deleted]
NIO 100 EOY
“Tesla model y is cheaper and nio is overpriced lol”

I shit you not
FCEL is not NIO and that's a fact
Lmao aren’t you the retard that said it was gonna hit $60 today?
Naked puts? You might very well lose more than your 10 bucks if it goes up and the buyer executes lol.
Projected future movement?
he just wants to drop the price down so he can stock up
[deleted]
pump post, not a DD
T-minus 60 mins..... drill team 6 standing by.....
[deleted]
who had nio FD lottos and sold lol?
I was gonna type out a long explanation but just Google it. Trailing Stops and Stop Limits are your friend
[deleted]
Sold at 6.5? That's not bad. 
My play was dump money in on open and sell 25 mons later 😂
ye
😲
I agree with that. I think in the next two weeks we will start to see all these recovery stocks trending down again. I sold out of some of my recovery stocks yesterday and today in anticipation of this. But just my opinion.
Thoughts on EV rest of the day? Li options expensive as fuck...
Basically that its current value cannot be justified
Why would you sleep in holding options lmaoo
google.com
>bearish tingles

That's a nice way of saying you have an urge to swallow some loads.
*Blah blah blah Never could be worth this much blah blah blah*
Moral of story. Don’t touch her butt on Green Day’s?
Ass hats and manipulators at best I’m sure they loaded up on share sell calls and then go short before releasing the article don’t know how it can be legal 😂😂
I took screenshot this morning when I was losing but i sold to early at a profit of 20% i could have profit 100% oh well
It sure seems to love the 355 range
FSR🚀🚀🚀🚀
Positions were

SPY 357p 11/11
NIO 58c 11/20
Bless you
[deleted]
That makes more sense lol. Good DD though
lol a Democratic senate with that slim of a majority is unlikely to do anything but give in to Republicans. Dems had all 3 branches in 09 and couldn't pull off single-payer. Too much infighting in the Dem party at the moment to rally around any big legislation IMO, someone has a problem with everything. Anyway MGI 8c early next year.
That’s not how it works
That’s sad
No volume don’t play it
Damn
I smell a short squeezer
Its suffering from split personality disorder.
we going parabolic bois
Line out the door at a gamestop here in Italy... calls it is!
But like....why?
I'd gtfo
lol. You have no clue what you're talking about. Go back to r/politics moron. 

&#x200B;

PS: I am a Republican.
For all the retards calling for Drill Team 6, I say check VIX and tell me if that's happening today
I have 50c 12/4, you think IV will still fuck me?
Getting wobbly up here, people.
Something something low intonation of outdated stereotype of white supremacy mixed with a little bit of autistic skinny nerd insecurity
2022
I bought calls like 30 minutes ago. I am up.
It's going to either be today or it it falls through support it could be down to $250
If it was /u/RacistInRetrospect then you'd be right... Better snatch that username up now that I think about it 🤔
Tasty dip, glad I waited
That’s a 5 piece, easy. Get outta here. You win.
The day I sleep in and miss out on my nio calls trippling than dumping 😭😭
Holy shit this might be the dumbest comment I have seen on reddit in years. This is spectacularly bad lmao
Lmao yes but PDT doesn’t even help these clowns since they get stuck in bad positions
Sorry, final position was a typo. 350p.
It'll happen
iPhone 13 event
Thanks💕
Really? But I got confuse on the part that they say if I have other interviews I can give it a try too?
ZM
[deleted]
Sorry man, me too except 40% (1.8k)
What’s your reasoning?
Why would IV going down mean your puts are going to print?
Wtf is that picture. You know which one I'm talking about as well.
Yolo everything then you can quit or $ROPE
He abandoned US!
FSR gang keep holding or get out now while its still up?
[removed]
I've ended my relationship with BABA
if they sold near open they gucci rofl
Just bend over. JPow will be with you real quick.
Nio filled its extension, this sell off might be a good thing. Only saying this cause I bought at the top. What did the Citron article even say exactly?
Seems smart to me.
98% of all comments were about NIO calls yesterday they are crying to their pillows now 😂
[deleted]
Going balls deep in TSLA before NIO earnings next week
Nothing i love more than watching you NIO gaylords get fucked
I'm getting Wagyu tomorrow to celebrate this week
Sold my 11/20 $65 for 200% profit this morning, can't wait to buy back in
Good time to sell NIO calls? I think so
PLTR making me cum
Anyone else see the Cramer comment on Musk being dumb for going with electricity and not hydrogen... stick to stocks, nerd.
You know I have soft teeth
'Til next time at least
The fact that you're even asking if it's legit means you're too young/naive to be doing this.
It me
MGM 🥴
what the fuck is going on with SPY lol
Lol some of these scammers think that if you call yourself a retard, you must be a retard.
[deleted]
Absolutely, even with bidens cabinet being filled with tech CEO’s, it wouldn’t be a good look if he was vetoing his own party’s bills. It would add to the illusion of the democrat party “unity”.
Uhm sir it looks like you are losing money
TSLA pretty much a boomer stock at this point
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/bigchillinlat the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Gotta watch the max pain indicator
Can NIO PLEASE drop again???!! I know I should have set a $46 buy order but fuck man I thought I could get in cheap again😩😩 My gainZ feel like failing when I didn’t dump my money in
That is now normal markets work... very steady.
Idk why spoke are surprised by nio. At the end of the day it’s just a car company it doesn’t matter what type of engine it has it’s a car and this ev bubble is waiting to burst
Just had to explain my 80% loss of capital to some wacko called Li and a less cooler NIO than the one in Matrix.
jesus did EV blew up... but now flat lol so many bag holder sup 15%+ from sp
Solo
Lol okay bro I rescind my apology
My calls printed this morning idk what all you autists did
it's up 0.7% how the fuck is that giant green?
SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP
Fuck... shoulda listened to myself
Scared Bull 🙋‍♂️
Next dip today likely, I don’t feel comfortable holding this over the weekend
At 11:00 exactly I brought in at $44.57 before it quickly went back up
It goes down. Robert. NIO. IT DO GO DOWN
Idiot
Lost 5k or 20% of my bankroll on nio today because I’m a fucking gambling addict...
Tesla is over 2000 pre split. Pending nios earnings they’re projected to be currently doing 8% of tsla sales. 8% of 2000 is 160. Hence avg analyst 52 week projection of 155 a share for nio.
I’m
Shaking in mah boots. JK NIO $100 by February!!!
Relax for a bit
I fuked up solo, paper hand at 6.5, but Nio puts brought me 4k, that dump was epic!
all in SOLO
[deleted]
Two option plays for us all 
Spwr $20 call exp 11/20 
RKT $22 call exp 11/20 
Bought last night and I’m up but I’m still holding for more... #GREED
[deleted]
i hope it does, just get it over with cuz its bound to happen eventually
Imagine the algos scouring this thread bursting into flames due to the sheer NIO bullishness
[removed]
Then you need to learn how to 💎👋🏻
Every job*
If you were serious you wouldn’t have posted it here. See you Monday
Plenty of day left bud
Guess everyone should panic sell now lol
I'm out of nio.. got back in at 46 and dumped it at 47.5
CBAT was the sleeper play but everyone will miss this message anyway
When is AAPL making a come back?
It was me
I know. But the dump today was sudden and vertical
That's rough, man :(
3
How you negative on a giant green dildo day like today? Throw the whole account away.
When did i go to r/options ?
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 im hoping so brother
Same just turned off options in Robinhood
NIO IV will be atmospheric on the 18th.

Buy some calls and puts somewhat OTM and for January, you can't lose money.
See you in 30min
Thinking it could go up before EOD
I have some 12/18 35c.  They were doing pretty well this morning for a while. Still up.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/eljunbo809 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't use RobinHood I have unlimited day trades
The sheer amount of people in here who had NIO FDs for this week with earnings NEXT WEEK after it already ran up like 50% is astounding.  

Legit see why PDT exists, yall are way to fuckin dumb to be allowed to trade
Dude and it went back down lol u can always go to the penny sub they love playing those. I don’t say you can’t make money on them but they would probably do an offering the second it would be high again
NIO is a shit company they've been diluting investors forever, only reason I sold this POS at 3 bucks. Bought leaps at 14 bucks and made nice  money but now its time to short 🌝
SPY's daily chart is cancer. I've seen a lot of fuckery, but this is the fuckery-est.
When will BABA bottom out?
Long Beer Pong
Tuesday AMC
Ah yes the MacOs Big Sur revenue
Should have taken the -85% on the 55 strikes. Holding a worthless bag of dicks now.
Trump ain’t doing shit, but Biden, I am not sure how far he is willing to go. NYT has a 7 day infection average graph, the picture is so dark. 

Anyways, take profit while you could, there is still tomorrow to get back into the game.
I see you all abandoning papa elon when he maybe has covid
You get 2 day trades a day on cash accounts and it starts over the next trade day, if im not mistaken
[removed]
Anyone got a bad feeling about next week?
like I can teach. I taught in grad school. so knowing *how* to teach isn't the issue.

dunno how the fuck to teach this shit.
Citron are a bunch of ass hats. They have tried to claim twice that Enphase is cooking thier books. Probably so they could get a better price. I wouldn't be surprised if they're doing it to NIO.
How were you screwed over?
[deleted]
This. Lockdowns should be a last resort to give local governments time to get extra resources to hospitals that are experience a high volume, and to stamp put local bubblea.

The current way is completely haphazard and destroying small businesses needlessly
Seems to be having a very hard time breaking over $356.
Nahh it has pussy now
That you were!
Amzn nvr rejects to give tendies
People who bought nio calls today 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
What’re you thinking
Buy Wall building on NIO
Excuse me, you appear to have a bit of kool-aid on your shirt
Inb4 papa Elon fucks up rona for good
There's a lot of news out there that's negative for Jack MA and BABA. Just google it... its been around for awhile.
Again a rebalancing wouldn’t be a big deal if these two companies didn’t control 2 30ths of the entire stock market. If these companies slow bleed so will the market. We will be in an actual bear market not a flash crash correction just diminishing returns like japan has.
Buy the NVDA dip
sorry man
Probably 50
I'm serious this time, no more options
relevant username
Put it in VTI and don't touch it for 50 years 👍🏾
Shiit how’d this get out so fast?
Gold, silver, copper, iron, lithium, nickel, oil.
What are you doing MGM step bro? 😳
If you’re not losing up on cruiseline puts you hate money
[deleted]
like right now? Is this a technical assessment?
Yeah I said for the past 2 months
I played solo and won 35% 👌.
250p by dec?? You know that’s like a 28% decline, right? I do agree that market will begin pricing in the outcome of 2021 soon, but I strongly believe it’s not going under 250 until at least April/May 2021. I’ll snag some 330s for dec due to virus cases surging and with winter influencing that.
Me
[deleted]
Ill be following this.
Seen a few ayro posts but not so sure whats intriguing
I shouldn't be telling you this, but...China XD Plastics.

Source: >!It has a funny face in its name!<
300mil volume at 11:30 am for NIO.. nuttier than squirrel shit yo
When is AMZN gonna grow a pair?
Localized effect, and has the same impact as flooding the market with dollars. The gold price recovered, though, and dollars just keep getting devalued further. 

That you don't understand economic rationality is not my problem. Economists who would say "but why would someone make a decision that is bad for them?" are ignoring that people are people. They make bad choices all the time, so you can't say that there's an objective standard of economic rationality. A rational choice needs to be considered from the perspective of the person making it and what their stack of preferences are. You may think video games are a waste of time, and someone else may decide they want to do that all day long and live in squalor. The point is that people choose what they want, and economics is the study of human action. Can some of that be measured? Sure. But you would struggle to make a model that X% of people are going to just choose drugs over productivity because it isn't "rational" - and yet people choose it.

Like this discussion - you think it's worth your time to respond. I apparently still do, too. Doesn't seem rational, because we're not getting anywhere, yet, here we are.
Solid DD and I'm a fellow gay bear, so here is a slap on the ass from me.
It didn't even hit 45. How?
Ok clown but I was in and out of nio in a day with 5k gains. Not happening with amat.
17th
Deal
Same boat after that Li crash. I’ll join you when you figure out.
I have a pit in my stomach as a bull that this day ends red somehow.
He must be new here.  Don't scare him off just yet.  We need some people to join our autistic group and start living in their wife/gf's lovers basement while hearing them get railed.
Ban
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtikl1
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtikl1) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ogbeba, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CallsOnAlcoholism
mutilators
Nothing to play rn urgh
[deleted]
Something something Vanna/Charm flows.  Heard it will be pinned all next week
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
XPEV 47 EOD, NIO 50
Even bulls have to see this about to get ugly
2 buck close brotha
So instead of using 20k to invest, which if you make 10-20% profit that's already 2-4k, you bought a car that already deprecated in value by 10% the moment you stepped on the gas pedal. Lmao
aint breaking above it, its been below it since 10
These puts
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPCE   25.0|0.48|0.5|0.51|-0.09|88.3%


SPCE 25.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc5xx35&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Looks like vaccine trials are the new "trade talks are going well"
PLTR bullish AF baby, gonna roll my December calls out to Feb. Thinking  2/19/21 30c
18th
I have shares yolo up 120% , long term investor idgaf LOL
Neymar?
I fucking hate my job. I’ve never been screwed over more in my life.
What in the fuck is this fake ass spy movement?
Bruh is Elon trying to tank the market ffs
meaning?
Ya know what, that actually does make sense and I feel like I can relate in a way. Sounds a bit like my experience studying math. At some point you see it and you can't explain how. Obviously not the same but still.
Who's still holding SOLO?
Time to retire brutha.
Nah not paper hands when they have a massive downgrade resistance against them
17th I think
[PELOSI SAYS FACEBOOK HAS BEEN 'PART OF THE PROBLEM ALL ALONG' ON ELECTION-RELATED MISINFORMATION](https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1327285989782532096?s=21)



Also pelosi: hi, yea..can you put me down for another $10mill in FB leaps? Thanks
SPCE $25C 11/27

Cost is under .50 for the moment! Get in while you can!
you belong here my man
I know that feel. Before Canadian legalization I put down 5000 on cannabis (ACB, CVSI, CGC). I lost close to 90%.
No chance I’m just hoping it’s hits 50
PLTR just has to randomly pop like a dollar in the next hour to save my entire account
I bought 21.5 0dte on VXX earlier
Yes someone pls tell us.
she'd understand (that it was time to move in with her boyfriend)
Nah dude nio will never stop. And I was in Tuesday...
Damn,  used all your weeks worth of day trades for those?
this is the bearish green day i've seen in awhile lol
All things equal, the regular direction is up my friend
November 17th
Drill team we need you right about now🤞👍
[deleted]
Tuesday
BABA DED!
Guy: Sorry, I can’t pick you up, I have a skateboard. It’s OK though, my mom always picks me up.
Do you rely on wsb for information? Honestly? The 18th BTW last I read
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/user2345479 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Shares whats that
11/16 after market
Do you think that tweet will shake the market?
Its actually a dab rig, which is even more appropriate, really.
17th
Aren't they usually short on whatever they crap on?
My only regret is not buying more
the fuck u on about? we are not up, bitch. my calls are bleeding.
Buy one call and sell a call on the same expiry further otm. So I bought the 59 and sold the 60. My max profit per debit is $100 because that’s the difference in the underlying multiplied by the 100 shares. But because you’re capping gains. It costs significantly less to get in.
fuck China and fuck BABA
Yeah it's real fucking dicey atm. If it holds until the afternoon it's probably a good time to buy. "Xi personally says fuck you" is about the hardest they can throw at it so it's unlikely to find more reasons to dump.
Time for some UVXY calls?
Nio down -1.5%. Nov 20 calls up 89%. What have y’all autists done to this stock?
I have around $10000 invested with nio. I’m only a few hundred down rn but I’m not selling. It will recover. I don’t care if I’m $1000 in the red. I’m going to hold.
Buy the dip tard.
Not enough though.
Tomorrow
Nio $60 EOD
Honestly it still has so much room to fall. We haven't even hit where it was yesterday lmao
The tweet is fake my dude. But yes Nio is too high IMO.
Let’s clear this up for the retards on the short bus. No citron doesn’t think NIO is a shit company. They had a buy rating on it all the way back 2 years. Yes they called NIO 2 years ago. The guys you are saying can’t be right and are retarded called this shit before all of you.

They aren’t saying it’s a shit company. They’re saying it should’ve gone up only 1500% instead of 3000% this year.

Is that really a crazy stance to take?
sold DKNG calls bought EOD yesterday at open then waited like an hour and bought NIO puts, feeling good now if SPY will just remember shutdowns are coming...
PDT applies if you trade without having settled cash
Tuesday
My best trade  in the past 30 days has been exiting out of my BABA 350c 1/15/21 calls at $290...
Thanks for telling me that, im new to options so im just tryin to figure shit out
Citron is not even credible man, this is such bullshit. RIP weekly call holders.
Septuple top on SPY?
Lololol
No you weren’t you were trying to claim Citron has some great track record 😂😂😂 nice troll tho
[removed]
AMZN is so boring now
[deleted]
You’re an idiot
Received Dividend $1.05 from apple
Imagine explaining to your wife that you lost everything on a Chinese car company
Hey doesn’t mean we’re crashing. Might just be rebalancing into travel stocks
I have an abusive relationship with Lisa Su.
solo looking break out and rally again. hop on board
Weeeeeeee
Too late, dick deep on Dec $280s and feeling good
Me too buddy. To the moon we go!
This. Biden + democratic house + republican senate basically means nothing of substance will be accomplished until at least 2023, and maybe not until 2025 if democrats still don’t win the senate then. Gridlock is good for wall st.

If democrats somehow win both runoff elections there will be a huge drop.
Hydrogen BOMB
that's exactly what's happening. Weekly and Monthly expiration date. Moon mission resumes over the weekend
🤔I got 11/20 47p & sold 11/20 50c today. So, I have never been long NIO. 🌈 GL, M8!
Ain't breaking above or below?
Yes
I sold at 50, bought at 47, sold again at 48.50 and I’m scared to touch it again.
The puppy did not have life left in it. Bailed.
[deleted]
you got tomorrow and the day after
Depends on how good your blow jobs are.
Fuck CITRON!
Today, lol.
[removed]
And now she's on the adge for another ride.
All I know if that the NFL uses the rapid antigen test and there have been multiple false positives this season.
This aged really well. 

I'm not saying they're not young and its a volitile stock, fully expecting it. I played today just about perfect. 

Those guys yelling about 3 digit prices for NIO next year are not wrong, however.
When you Google Warren Bradley by accident
Hahaha
Hence why I didn’t say all or most but they will destroy your calls I’m not the enemy I just cringe on the side line watching this cycle of meme stocks shoot up and then vanish with your gains. Just move on to the next meme stock with a bigger bank roll and that’s my two cents now where’s my popcorn. 🍿
Nope. Dumb long on shares and bought short dated puts for wacky volatile shit like the Citron article. Worked out well this time.
So fucking true
GRWG silently being pumped
Please and maybe Boeing also
BABA gonna be oke
Yeah you should be hired. Normally when I tell folks to wait for my email, they’re hired
NIO drill round 2
Literally not even 2 weeks ago it was trading at $108. I don’t understand the point you are trying to make. AAPL is down 1.7% in the last week. Who cares.
PLTR's huge big green dick
Nio is currently priced significantly higher than Tesla at same scale
Get AOC on the phone stat
I mean, that's not exactly a hot take
Clearly your intelligence is in dispute. 

He has cold symptoms and tested positive ***and*** negative for covid. With a Rapid Antigen test known for giving out false positives and he's even questioning it himself. Stop pretending like you know what's going on. It's a bad look.
You’re fired
spce bleeding me dry. damn.
No problem 😉
You could always go there and demand your money back. Xi will be happy to give you room and board and a educational seminar. Also remember they’re big fans of Disney and yellow bears, so wear your favorite Pooh shirt.
PLTR MOON GANG
wait does this mean you set aside \~317k? you really top ticked this trade, congrats!
I hate that I did it, but I've got paper hands. I sold NIO. Maybe if there's another dip.
I think it’s a decent risk/reward. 

Keep in mind though that most of these types of stocks are still beat down. Not to mention the market is forward looking and we could start to see more and more vaccine news. So there is also a decent chance it could run away from you
All the best mate. Don't look back here.
30c 1/15/21 i'm still sitting on. I know it's way OTM but it's long enough to get out after a good climb.
Me too bruh
Thats seems like a great explanation. Do people typically place a call about 0.50 cents-$1 more than the current market price? It doesnt make any sense for the current market price is $47 to place a call for $60 just in case it never reaches that a week/month/ or so down the line?
Someone tell me BABA gonna be oke
Have you paid any attention to China and Alibaba this week
Long term only.
We can’t trust anything propped up by the Chinese government. That’s all I want you to take from what I’m saying here. We can’t trust the Chinese government to not fudge numbers to compete.
NIO puts are my new friend. I'm buying more on the next rip.
All the EV daily charts look exactly the same lol. fucking algos.
I’m long.  Guaranteed 10 bagger.
Yes
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**CHL**|**$30**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-12-18**|**$0.46**|**$31.81**|**2264**|**435**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgh8r028y450720szqh8h8b) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/metalguysilver/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Try the 1 month chart clown.
Is there a negative tweet on BABA somewhere from some weird Chinese twitter account? That vertical dump seems to indicate there is a news out there?
[deleted]
[deleted]
nobody is investing in a 3 wheel ev company
Closer to the high than the low haha
Whats the news ? Why are we up?
When is NIO earnings?
Fuck Aurora. I'd buy in canopy or tilray
Yeah I hope so cuz I'm holding a debit spread
I’m a fucking retard. Sold NIO at $49 then bought at $50.
Haven’t seen SPY trade in this tight of a range in a while
Here’s a reminder for you absolute retards. Apple has had significant outflow all month especially from insiders. Apple makes up over 1/30th of the entire stock market. Okay no cause for concern. Microsoft has also had significant outflows all month including insiders and also hedge funds, it accounts for another 1/30th of the entire stock market. If you don’t think nows a time to be cautious Idk what to fucking tell you people. You can spend less than 500 to buy 100 shares of spxs sell OTM call and if the market does drop you can recuperate. It’s triple leveraged to the downside it can really reduce your risk to the market in case it does correct.
Spy gonna die by EOD
Don’t buy baba’s dip...yet. One more dip coming on Monday...shits coming 

250 Monday open
Butt*
Citron pulled a dirty move
Idk I trade a cash account and it always tells me this shit about how I can’t say trade but I just keep doing it and it lets me after I ignore the warning
massive retardness drives EV stocks up
You could just sell at the high and buy the same option at a lower price later on brother
Ur very late lol
Fuck my life. Looks like I’m making a deposit to RH.
 PLTR 🚀🚀🚀  lots of companies need help from them, they're solid, big data is the future too, there's so much to deal with these days.
Exactly. BABA will be fine.
Why were they foreign if they didn't want to be exploited?
CHWY is such a tease this week. I've been loading and unloading various 11/27 and 1/21 strikes as they've +10% because I'm scared of it dropping <60 at any random moment if someone with volume decides to dump.
It's a fokin' roller caoster today.
For sure! Send him a bill for grievances loll
Stop losses did it for me 😎
wtf is solo? like the plastic cups?
have u heard of limit orders
Why?
That’s not the high
I'm only up 5% today. I'm hungry. Why do I feel like end-of-year SPY puts are the play here?
The fuck is baba doing? I mean I get it that stuff goes down, but fuck me.
NIO is classic case of inverse WSB, just gotta wait for peak euphoria (yesterday going into early today)
11/20 65$ call buy. Is this a lotto ticket? Bought today lol
The 1000 IQ move was to buy PENN for DKNG earnings
Yes on the puts. No on OTM EOD expiry you retard
I just did my interview and three to four interviewer took turns to interview me is that a good sign? 

Then they told me I’m basically hired unless circumstances changed and said that if I have other interview appointments I should give it a try too. 

And then told me to wait for their email.

Is this a good sign?
Thanks for buying my puts.
No money to be made here boys, just come back Monday lol
That and the fact that blow job Tuesday isn't a thing are the two greatest issues facing society today
Lol
Might as well give those $0.93 to the homeless. They’ll be your neighbors soon.
Yeah, call me crazy, but I don’t see why he’s getting scrutinized for inconsistent rapid COVID tests. These tests are marketed as accurate, as there is no purpose for an inaccurate test. He’s simply shining light on an issue that needs to be addressed. Lots of industries are moving towards rapid tests (airlines, cruise lines). If they don’t work well, people should know instead of promoting a 50/50 test for a false sense of security.
Oh god.... this has to be so painful. So sorry bro.
Well shit, that's good to know
AYRO
You missed the bus, don’t go to school today
Yeah but hype will bring it back up untill earnings
True, but I’m not entirely off in my assessment. PLTR is currently around $25 billion market cap. The last time Amazon had a market cap of $25 billion was around 2007. Last time Apple’s market cap was $25 billion was around 2005. When Google IPO’d, it had a market cap of $100 billion (4 times Palantir currently). My point still stands, as I’m sure there are many, many investors who would’ve loved to purchase AMZN shares in 2007, as well as purchase Apple and Google in 2005 at similar or better prices.
hey there really are people like that out there though
FSR & RIDE

AMERICAN EV > CHINESE EV
I wouldn't bank on people wanting to go to gyms when the ICUs fill up
PDD too hot to touch right now?
I'm getting fucking beheaded bro
yeah i have i think similar but 11/27- i really hope so dude!! i’ll sell monday, i just wanna see a red day TODAY 😥
You big dumb then
Sold my NIO calls at close to high today ($51) and will ignore until after earnings. I have XPEV to look at instead!
Everyone making a killing on Chinese EV companies. Here I am getting bled dry by AMD/AMZN
Watching NIO go green to red like a mf strobe light on RH
Pdt applies to any trade regardless. I just got off my 90 ban
I probably sold them to you at the top. Thanks for buying
I think PTON had its day. Even with a new lockdown there’s a vaccine on the horizon. The best hope for PTON to match its summertime growth would be that China reopens those wet markets 😬
Swear MMS just trying to fuck all options expiring today
what about xpeng? how do y’all feel about it?
Congrats to everyone who bought spy puts or calls, you’re both fucked.
[deleted]
Just pulled up a one week chart for AMAT 11/20 71c and it looks like total shit, am I missing something?
I understand that, hence what happened between yesterday and today. But i’m just pointing out the red day that’s all
[deleted]
No that would make it a 120 billion dollar company it’s not going to happen
[deleted]
I bought way back in 2015 +/- a year. Cost average is still sitting at 533. First investment I ever made. 20 shares. 

Funny thing is that I was weighing if I should make the 10k investment into Google or Amazon, and I figured Google would be better. I still got a winner, but I'd have about 100k now if I went for Amazon instead
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
The amount of hype behind nio won’t let it get below $35
[deleted]
I know were a bunch of ratty old SCUM dogs fighting over scraps from the big bois but I LOVE YA'LL and I'm not afraid to say it. Yes even you bears!
The DKNG dip looks too good to not buy here
It dropped to like $2 after he sold so yes
When this IV goes down my puts gonna print nasty
* @NYCMayor says parents should prepare for schools to be closed - learning by remote only - starting Monday. Likely at a minimum for the rest of November. #NBC4NY*  
  
**CHGG** calls? Any other plays on this?
Hold on
Hello again
He’s also got his reputation on the line. They’re not going to make a call without good evidence. Do you think you’ve put more time into researching NIO than citron. Real talk. Plus they didn’t even really say it was a shit company. Only that it should’ve gone up 1500% not 3000%. They had a fucking buy rating on it from 2 years ago.
interesting...i'm in
because idiots looked at a scary EPS and sold or took profit, it was down all of after-hours and in premarket

Getting bought up like candy; smart people see those new government army/healthcare/AI contracts and are like "Ooooo that's some juicy long-lasting partnerships"
I think this is a good entry point for atvi for a long hold (eoy). Looks like it might recover to 80 at least.
Praise be Chi lon Mak
The devices currently serve a useful purpose for neuroscience research. It’s already a multi hundred million a year revenue industry. The goal is to then to be able to implant in humans and influence the brain and fix ailments etc. that’s the long shot, but there’s already a business there as it stands today
Can someone stop NIO from trading for a day please so I know what to do
o ya
Brought back in at 44!! 💰
AYRO
Should I take a loan out to buy more PUTS for NIO?
They invested in a fruit compknee
PDD jesus fucking christ, going huge AGAIN
Sounds like every grand I make then
You know... beeing invested in weekly puts ALL THE TIME means at some point the market will take and grant me 500% gains and i’ll laugh at all the bulls (worth even more than the 500%)
Nah I theta ganged some FD's about an hour after open. Worked out v nicely

Nice gains bro
Cashed out on my NIO puts. But now I’m PDT restricted so I can’t buy more puts :(

I thought PDT only applied to margin? I was trading with my cash balance. Using TDA
O- is what NPR had said a week or two ago.
Solo gang spam died quick 😂
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/StevenVanMetre don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
[removed]
almost 300 mil in volume on NIO today. ridonkulous brah
[deleted]
[deleted]
BOEING PUTS!!!
down 80% on my NIO call down 30% eod calling it
If you feel any better I jumped the gun and sold @ $52. When I saw it hit hit 53, I was pissed (4% more, but on yolo margin that's 8%). But then it tanked, so...I guess that's part my fault.
Lol dude the company that did the report is obviously short selling. Please don’t be idiots.  buy the dip. Tendies for all
Said the same about Tesla, dunno bout destroyed that one. xD and Square XD
Whether you bought calls or puts today, you lose.
All the Iphone apps now want me to upgrade my phone. Apple got around the other planned obsolesce. Appl 180 EONY.
I’ll be pulling out next week and watch. People are going to see their earnings and buy back in.
Right because you tards haven’t made bank on calls for months
SOLO puts & calls , leaps also.  Next 10 bagger
This sub is full of NioPets
Just fyi NIO is due for one more wave of selling or it will never make another new ATH. I'd sell anything near 50.
I'll jump on the 12/18 $21 train with you and take her for a ride.
Fuk me, back into NIO shares at $46
> debits

Plz explain, I'm dumb
Personally I do think Nio is overhyped and not worth it's current market cap, however Citron is sh*t..most of the company they short eventually goes to the moon. Looking at Tesla and Shopify. But hey maybe Nio Bulls can use this confirmation that their Nio shares will Mooooon!
L
To punish poor people for gambling
Me :)
Y’all need to wait till Monday to get in on NIO it could drop again to low 40s
Sorry, but no
Cuomo says parents should prepare for schools to be closed - learning by remote only - starting Monday. Likely at a minimum for the rest of November.
NIO has got you all frothed up like the fast zombies from I am Legend.
lol rip
It’s still a long way from a full recovery... i got a 45p for 11/20 when it like like 52 and some change.
What a moron. I mean he called nio Tesla’s rival for starters. And sold out when EV is JUST starting to take off world wide. Fucking idiot 😂
FOMO getting the best of you and you keep chickening out? You literally just had a day nio dip to buy in and you're still complaining about Chinese ev spam lmao
I was going through that phase back in like April and my wife asked how much a college class to learn another skill would have cost.  It’s the cost of education.
I bought 45p 11/13 yesterday and my dumbass saw the open and pissed my pants and pulled out before the big drop. Sometimes I wonder why I'm so dumb.
Sold up %2,000 so I guess I have paper hands
thank you kind sir
Eventually, you will see that it is you that is being scalped.
Is ATVI the most manipulated piece of shit in the market. Feels like institutions are just sucking on premiums and not letting this thing rise on good news days
Calls or puts
The day before closed lower than the day you are referencing.  AKA the market went up. Not surprised I need to explain this here. You are 3/4th correct though.
Big bois sick of getting ripped on NIO shorts. Gonna join strength & crush it. True story.
Whether you bought calls or puts today, you lose.
Oh my god im a fucking retard
eww blood outta the poop hole
My mom just returned hers. Gyms are open boy
>I don’t know shit about investing 

Yeah no shit, neither does anyone here. What do you think this is? Some pussy shit like r/investing??? Now get off your high horse and buy NIO calls
Just trade futures and make tendies
How is this denial of science?
Up 180% on my calls I bought last month. Just bought more leaps today. I’m in it for the long haul
Are you from the future when NIO bottoms at like $10 in a few months?
11/20 70c nio??
Think about it like a tsunami. An initial pull back, then a massive wave comes in, then a pull back to the sea.
[deleted]
Yes but what happened with DKNG is they missed earnings n went up. So if NIO beats earnings it’ll go down. Simple inversing
You are a humorless piece of shit and I'm a king
Bro stop. The time to enter was Tuesday
I thought stonks only go up
There are risks to false positives as you said and I agree, there is a potential for super spreader's but I doubt it offsets people properly quarantining after a positive test. Even trump himself pulled it off and got treatment. With no test he would've shrugged it off as the flu like many others would have.
Another all time high on the portfolio today :) thanks LI puts, and zoom calls
Part 2 started
Should I send him an email telling him he cost me $xx?
Take the award and go in peace
The palantir train is still running.
yeah why the fuck is that even not allowed, not like i have enough money to manipulate the market, not like I'm even borrowing money anyway
[deleted]
Im pretty fucking cute so if you need a face hit me
Can we get a pump for the WEEDkend
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jtirl2&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jtirl2&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jtirl2)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^8 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
Givin this morning, yes
Up 7%

Time for a break

Hope ya boys are winning!
[removed]
Calls that expire today that are now worthless?
Retail means us?
down 18% on my NIO call. V shape recovery by EOD. Calling it
That red dildo got gobbled up fast
Citron have destroyed a few companies before so yes.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** So EZ

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtigsz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtigsz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/dawnseekerz, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dawnseekerz
CallsOnAlcoholism
My poots
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Or just you
ZM $420 EOD
Told this chick on Tinder I’m a Derivatives Analyst
You think it hits $20 next week?
My 20$ 11/20s need more than this.
I sent it and greeted. Lost 50%. On to the next move.
yup and sleeping on the floor
yeah i just wanted to hold over the weekend! it was dumping so hard!
Yea let’s hop on the losing money train with you 🤡
Prove it.  This isn't a Dr. PHIL forum
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** A Reminder For My NIO Bulls

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtif4u
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtif4u) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Atlas___, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
pixerz12
Atlas___
CallsOnAlcoholism
C'mon CHWY, just get a little bit green.
Think longer term till year end
Upvote for NIO go up

Downvote for NIO go down
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
wow TSLA IV has really fallen over these past weeks
Sold NIO calls at 8%, rode puts all the way down, sold at -5%,  bought longer calls and new hedge at -4%

I've never done something so retarded
Lol, same with a call earlier
dump after 12.30
You’re one of those gatekeeping queer’s ain’t you.
At $2?
Maybe because sub rules say no pumps and dumps?😂😂
somebody hates money
I know the feelings
Nope 100 EOY
Down 3k today on NIO lol, wiped out all my gains yesterday
Everyone back to put buying apparently. Well retail anyway, large specs buying calls. Interesting.
Gratz on the break even too - big W for the ego there. Good shit
Poors can't afford those options
Nio dump part 2 incoming
:(
Yeah, everyone's comments are at 0, so its just one asshole lol
LOL
Lmao if you don't think he's trying to have people panic so the price crashes this guy obviously has alot invested in PUTS and didn't think NIO would hit over 50$
It’s over 1/30th of the ENTIRE US stock market. Okay champ. Do you.
like i just wanted to hold a put till monday lol
Nio to 55 by earnings next week don't miss out!!!
PTON needs to wake up, 150k new cases yesterday
Always has been 👨🏻‍🚀🔫👨🏻‍🚀
Nio giveth Nio taketh away
Damn what was that massive share dump on SPY
Citron probably is shorting the stock.
Is RH desktop being an absolute dogs cunt for anyone else?
I bought nio at the bottom. Let’s go.
We will never see NIO at 45 again in our lifetimes
I bought it at 52.1. Im autistic too
million dollar play on repeat
Took a day trade just now for 150% gain in 10minuted lol
the whole existance of monopolies in china is a joke

&#x200B;

they try to act as a socialist country, equal

but have one of the largest inequality gaps in the world
[deleted]
Nio and Xpeng have been a rollercoaster! Hope they starts to moon again going into the weekend.
Just goes to show it has true power . The only dips are from misunderstandings and not it being a weak stock itself.
CCL 🥴
You used to have to do actual days of research before even commenting on this sub or everyone would berate you. Now the people who barely understand options overwhelm the people who want to do DD. It's like the sub shifted from a blackjack card counting sub with craps on the side to a slots/scratchoff sub. We used to maximize profit in a risky way, not risk it all and sometimes profit. It's cool, though, there are some other subs now that still have some pretty good DD. And some comes around here along with the memes which is why I stay.

TL;DR the "we are just degenerate gamblers" bit used to be an in-joke, comparing us to boomer investors. It wasn't supposed to mean this is an actual gambling sub.
Seriously I need some help too lol
imagine if it got delisted lmao
If Steve Jobs was still ceo of AAPL, APPL would have bought TSLA years ago.
When do they expire
Call me retarded but I spent my last $20 on MGM $22p 11/20
What a shitshow of a day! Solo/nio/li, this sheit is unplayable without coke!
WSB at 10:55: F if you didn’t sell at 54

WSB at 11:55 F if you didn’t buy at 46
Buy shares and hold? Stop fighting momentum.
Andrew left probably didnt do enough DD on a growing industry, retard was wrong on pton, i guess you can legally manipulate a stock
Oof
RH is so bad. When I click on puts, it shows me calls unless I switch to puts again. That resulted in a 2k loss for me. Stupid fucks.
I gotta admit, I shidded myself a little bit last night..
Why did CRSR turn into such a POS?
Sitting on a $52 as well. Made a profit this morning and then got greedy. 🤡
weed stocks are down 35% from the highs in 5 days... so volatile.

Time to get in yet?
45 is the main support, the sell off help filling that gap, went from today hi at 54.2 to 44.25 in an hour precisely.
It closed red so idk what you mean
That was Hindenburg.
Sssssh *puts finger on your lips*. This is the way.
Mods.... please ban everyone that post something that isn’t NIO
Citron 🤡🤡🤡s
I can tell you're the guy who buys high and sells low. Welcome!!
same dude. i was looking to hold this put till monday, but I can’t believe it’s gonna make a full recovery after dipping down 10 dollars :/
[removed]
I think it'll keep dumping today. What it will do over the weekend, I have no idea. I think I'm selling everything today.
Duh
Lol goodspeed retard👍
[deleted]
The funniest part is the NOW is the time to pull the trigger on Tesla options.  IV is insaaaanely low.  Yet moths are attracted to garbage like LI options with 200 IV.
Don't buy options with no day trades, especially on something volatile like NIO...
Y'all NIO bitches staring at a DCB like "Oh yes, this is fine."
That $0.50 instant drill on SPY was kinda sexy. More
What u think nov 20 call option? They gonna rocket?
I'm so happy for this dip cause it'll make leap calls more reasonable on Monday.
What is that
jesus
F
NIO options are pretty much a slot machine.  Limit buy, limit sell up $100 10 min. wash repeat.
its actually up, last Wednesday the 10 min volume was in the 100k
Tech green eod?
Ok
Just get in now. It's not the top.
NIO my cortisol is too high please moon
I'm loaded, I think I underestimated the stupidity of the buyers. It's a hold sure, but not sure who is buying it back up after that exciting news
This isn’t nio confidence it’s a short squeeze lol
If it does, these 50c calls bought in the dip will print nicely.
Yes sir
You all were sucking citrons cock when they killed NKLA
Clear indication that the ev bubble is still inflating
Go off King
NIO earnings on the 17th. Only way is up 📈
spy lol
Ya they fuckin print tho
yeah, but how much do you really think you'd miss out on in less than a week.
Standard overnight gap
CZR. Return of World poker.
Reported
Yeah. Now I'm old and stupid.
Aaaaand it’s gone
I just read that report.  What a joke!  Looks like the level of DD you'd read on WSB.  If you take out the images it's a page and a half long with large font.  Not impressed.
I always downvote my own comments cuz my confidence weak af
Lol everybody worried about these Chinese companies meanwhile I’m over here clanging. SLV is back on the menu boys.
just bought 50 fastly calls, strike 80 expiring today
Oh sorry that was me. I sold my calls at a slight loss.
Yeah some salty loser
[deleted]
Holy fuck
NIO posters outnumber PLTR literally 10 to 1 in mentions
Not even, I lost $7k yesterday
JUST FYI. Luv is Rage 2... The candle is Red, but the day is green. Good job!
[deleted]
Ok zoomer
Nah it's gonna drill much more.
NIO put, let's go! NOV 20th
Shhhh we need some loss porn
[deleted]
Looks like you’re going to have to live with your decisions. I got out close to the top and switched to puts they’re still green but not by much
Got some nice wine glasses so we can drink our own piss?
idk i think they've seen their run up
Aye
I should have taken your advice man. Do you have any other picks you've been studying?
Had a buy order ready for NIO when it hit 45.00 at that dip. The second I'm about to hit confirm, my boss calls me over something so moronic. When I'm done I look up and NIO is at 49. Never again.
[deleted]
I was literally just getting on here to ask that, dumped all mine @ $52 and and eatin tendies.
No it cuz stock go up ⬆️
cause anticipation of moderna vaccine and jnj vaccine
If you sold your NIO calls, delete your trading account. You'll only lose if you sell off everytime you see a little red
I mean... I did tell you I lost all my money on Appl calls. Don't put too much weight in my opinion xD
Well this aged well....
👀
here's the issue I'm running into with explaining to ppl. ok so I look at the numbers and visualize it. then just sorta see if shit like support and resistance breaks.

but I'm... not... sure... how to explain that to ppl. y'know? I don't have a sense of how to explain the specifics.

few of the ppl that see my reads have said that they started to make sense and they can see it so there's "something there" but I dunno how to properly teach it.
[deleted]
There's a bull and a matador fighting in the sky
Citron can kiss this dick.  SQEEZEEEEEEESEEEEEEEE BITCHES
He was a SOLO boy

She said, "See you later, boy”

He wasn't good enough for her

Now he's got a one seat car

That can’t go all that far

Does your pretty face see what he's worth?
Get more money
F
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Danaldor the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/l0ckituP don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Imagine? Just wait an hour
next week: *shoulda loaded the fuck up under 45*
Lol never said it was for the common man but it’s like a competitor for the bmw electric i8
get out or put it in long run stocks
Sure, but elon isnt making radical changes here. Hes ignoring the stats on the test. It has a chance to give false negatives and he should know that. If he tests positive, its highly likely he has it and this "confused" tweet coming from a person known to be a "scientist" just helps muddy the waters. The truth he knows all this and muddying the waters is his goal becuase he just wants to reopen his factory and resume printing money
Fucking citron causing panic with their bulllshit making me lose tendies
I hope so.
Hahaha I know I did
That’s what u get for being gay
[deleted]
But that's what already happened, JPM. It's cheating to say what's happening will continue to happen
Someone is upset money has been flowing into asian markets.
Ok, NIO 49c 0dte, lets see if this puppy has some life left in it
New lockdowns, nurses allowed to work after testing positive, ZM: goes down
If that happened 12/2 350p would print
Brought in at 44$ and 46$ and I’m up now
Yeah I’m not selling bro!
Of course CCL moons the day I buy puts
NIO going make another run to 50?
I hope you still have it, mooning
OP deleted account lmao
Got some JD dip
Is there a good source of information that you know of that dives into the nuance of why that is and how that rule became established?
I’m not disagreeing
it's going to. 50 by noon est.
[deleted]
Thanks to palantir, I was finally able to buy a porsche for my grandma. Thanks, Peter Thiel
The EV companies are doing double and triple digit % YoY sales growth selling their cars to double/triple the population size of America. Good luck trying to find that kind of growth and addressable market in America. Also, if you're just buying weeklies, good luck.
This guy  is Worse than gay bears and that says something
someone hasnt told you.. sorry.. nio died
I will be more than happy to have 100 shares called away at $69 next week. Otherwise, thank you for the free money.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Ralf_Macho the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He can drop my nuts in his mouth. NIO TO THE MOON
DAL tho

||||
|:-|:-|:-|
||||
[removed]
PLTR MOONING LETS GOOOO
Thanks for the advice!
NIO back to $35 in next few months... probably wrong but my puts are printing so far
Maybe. It either holds here or dumps but it's definitely not going up today.
\|/
No. U benefit from iv. Higher the iv, the more expensive the contracts will be, u collect the premium
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TrueCryptoFan the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Congrats!  Please take some off the table and pocket some of them gainz.
Shit... I think you're right lmao. I got it down to -14 since i didn't want to it to get worse if i brought all of them. Thank you so much dude
This shit dumps from the citron report.... and rises back into the green in under an hour. lol
Hope so got NVDA
Abso-fucking-lutely.
Lol
They expire Dec 18th. I will sit on them, just wish I had waited and got in when it hit $45 instead of FOMO'ing at $52
I hope NIO range trades between 50-60 for a bit so I can shave some meat easily
Can you manipulate the market for an hour?
Maybe, big volume so lets hope
[deleted]
Is this a true story
[deleted]
Source?
[deleted]
Ayro
Literally both calls and puts made money today lmao
In communist Gyna, they don't go to church...
 How tf is NKLA outperforming rn
Bought 50 nio 60 calls that expire next week
is there any fundamental reason for why we gapped up on spy or is it just the market makers final f u to all the bears this week
FCEL on fire
[removed]
Nio dip was fake and gay
any NIO put holders? what do we do? i don’t have any more day trades :(
Knowing RH, they'll probably laugh at you.
I loved OSTK options in march. Lower volume. =)
If only I had enough money to buy that $44 dip lol... my average at 52 with 3400 shares even after I bought “the dip”
If you haven’t got out nio yet don’t be a dumb fuck this is the beginning of its bubble pop/reversal you made enough money now get out
What’s up
Welp, the Top is in on Li. Forgot about open order on 11/20 C's that I over paid for that executed. Fuk
Buying very little amounts as it drops, DCA. Just in case....don't want to be the tard saying "I should have bought" when it's $400
PLTR get that chedda!
I dont know... Hoping someone here might 😂
[deleted]
Alibaba is soooooo boring
[deleted]
I really don’t give a fuck about them I was just commenting on nios price action today. Knock yourself out tho
Is that how you view this situation lol. He’s trying to save you idiots from the drop
Now you have enough to yolo without getting forwarded to r/smallstreetbets
Everyone read the citron title - stock dumps

Everyone reads the actual article - stock pumps
everytime spy touches 356 it gets german suplexed.
volume trending up, earnings had upsides - 76% increase in product sales
Do you see where it says "Why are people homeless?" at the top of the meme? That's how you know this isn't a thread just about NIO. Poor gang rise up.
[deleted]
55 Strikes calls coming back to life. Only down -85% now!
Sounds good af gonna look into it maybe even as a long term 6-12 month investment
Stonks don’t always go up. NIO does.
$0.15 for SAVE 11/20 22.5c.  Pretty cheap lotto ticket.
Facts
Hold a single December 12/18 30p for every 2k invested, and an LK situation would leave you sitting nicely.
In general, calls are inflated in the morning, and decrease in value as the day goes buy. Even if the stock price goes up through the day, the option price can still go down
We’re closing at 50 flat today
Nio $35p next week free money?
I’m hesitant atm. Doesn’t scream bargain like $390/$380 do
54 eod
Imagine NIO back to 53 lol
Fuck I just shit my pants for the 3rd time this week
Pre fake ass Moderna pump
[deleted]
Lol it’s already back in the green. Never underestimate the collective power of retards. Let’s go 🚀
Buying spy puts at noon for lockdown news over weekend
257 area is a solid support and it's holding so far so maybe. If it breaks though, we'll likely see 250-252 area.
$spy to 55
Ye just buy EOD dump lmao
Fuck you album went hard
If it’s under 420 it will go up.
You ain’t beat it yet, you still got $0.93 to go.
U lie 

bigly
Citron is fuk lol
Which stock?
"think same"
If this market doesnt drop I will have my dad beat up JPOW 😤
It‘s going up again
Did Citron capitulate on NIO? Get ready for that epic short squeeeeze
[deleted]
Pro tip: NEVER buy ICLN options, pricing is fucked and volume is too low.
Just because Solo rhymes with yolo doesn’t....

Solid DD. I take that back
NVDA gonna be $590 after earnings next week
The virus must flow!
JD > BABA
When did they expire? Why not sit on them?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nio to the fucking moon bitch
bought that dip. should be mooning soon
Aw come on RIDE puts get filled so I can feel the sweet release of ~~death~~ buy-to-close so I can sleep and end this Thursday night
Because $55 is actually possible. $69 is simply not happening.
...........
Cruises are up massive? LOL why not
Hows SOLO?
Probably still reacting to the old news of China bout to crack down on monopolies
GOOGL master race, you degenerate
if you want another, Im thinking AES. GE AND HLT going up, AES will to. I'm sure all these companies are unrelated, but they seem to have similar price actions.

But IM really thiking AES will hit $21 just cuz they had amazing earnings, on track for Full Year guidence, and have been undervalued from this nonsense affecting the market. Although, its not without risks, thats why i have 30 days to expiration mostly.
"We expect equities to continue to rally, and bonds to sell-off. We retain a pro-risk allocation in our model portfolio given the easing of major market risks, still, moderate investors positioning, strong growth rebound, and robust policy support." - JP Morgan
[deleted]
To $55 we go baby
Cash gang feels pretty good rn
It’s okay to feel hurt when autist around you are cashing in
NIO is the new SPY
😂😂
Lol I bought NIO calls at 50$ I should’ve been in special Ed when I was in school
[deleted]
It was me. Bought in at 52.10. True autist here
Just a reminder that the headlines were seeing now are very similar to the headlines we saw in late February. Buy your poots.
Nio idiots moved into Solo 🤡
Who wants to come over my house and have a stonk party in the basement?
I’m deleting the app until then
Get in on zm while it’s down
SPY working on a second pointy nipple formation at 356, hold on to you udders we are about to see some moooovement down
3 years ago...anyone buying AMD is not buying a company or prospects rather 3 letters that move on a screen.
JD!!
I’ve never seen you in my life, but I still know you’re a winner
[deleted]
My go to opener was “I’m a gay bear” and I got reported.
why are stay at home stocks not recovering yet?
errything up, or errything down. really rare to see a so-so type of day
💩
Hope you loaded up
Citron getting short squeezed so hard they had to write a hit piece on a company they previously endorsed
I bought calls at $52. Already sold my prior positions for large profits. Ug.
[deleted]
solo SO LOW
Do you live in gyna
I am lol.  Theyre up 50% lol
[deleted]
[I bought the hump](https://pics.me.me/thumb_download-135kib-700x710-wojak-crying-sony-png-image-with-53344791.png)
How are you guys even playing NIO? IV is stupid high... how did you guys all print?
[deleted]
"If I keep posting NIO is done maybe I'll be right eventually" I really hope my wife's boyfriend buys me a PS5
Maybe because you can't let no autist named ANDREW LEFT dictate which way the graph moves.
Not sure but don’t think it’s gonna dip or moon. Prolly jus theta fuck
1/2023 $50c was $2k. Now about $2200. No more FOMO for me 🤣
All in favor
I bought calls at $52. Already sold my prior positions for large profits. Ug.
Why is spy being so gay
I’m a special kind of retard
>unicorn farts and hope.

Fuck it. I'm back in.
There is STILL significant short interest on NIO.
RH is going to launch after ER
This volume on SPY is actually fucking horrendous.
Does TSLA go green? 🤔
Next week brotha
Fauci says end of 2020 for some people. We may have everyone vaccinated by summer 2021. Depends on how many successful vaccines we have.

The other thing is concerts aren't going away. My friends and family are dying to go to concerts. People will want to gather and party after being locked up because of a pandemic, and roaring 20s is a great example of that.
He most definitely is not. He is a hype man who attracts and uses the real talent effectively. I worked on his Hyperloop project and the white paper he put out was a complete mess. Really flawed stuff. But the idea was good and the project was sexy and it attracted the real engineers.
lol is this real?
NIO.exe 🚀
Trump announcement misinterpreted un-intentionally hurt NIO yesterday and Citron hit job intentionally hurt it today SMH
Ya sorry, I can't I'm poor.
Did anyone actually read that Citron piece? It's literally like 2 bullet points, one of which is just speculation on Tesla's Model Y price in China. And the second is *actually* just "It's oversold lol."

Pictures and the legal jargon at the bottom take up more space than the actual analysis by citron.
if this is true youre a royal piece of shit
Ual 0 dte are starting to pop
I found some Google AMP links in your comment. Here are the normal links:

 - [https://www.fool.com/investing/2019/09/14/californias-cannabis-black-market-is-insanely-larg.aspx](https://www.fool.com/investing/2019/09/14/californias-cannabis-black-market-is-insanely-larg.aspx)

 Beep Boop, I'm a bot. If I made an error or if you have any questions, my [creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/6b86b3ac03c167320d93) might check my messages.  
 [Source Code](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot) | [Issues](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot/issues) | [FAQ](https://laurinneff.ch/2020/10/17/nogoogleampbot/)  
Why does this bot exist?  
Google does a lot of tracking, which many people don't want, so they use alternatives to their services. Using AMP, they can track you even more, and they might even replace ads with their own, stealing ad revenue from the site's owners. Since there's no consistent way of finding the original links from an AMP link, I made this bot which automatically does it for you.
Solo
what are the earnings plays next week..? Anyone have the calendar? i'm having trouble fiding it on whispers
damn i bought calls
It’s buying high and selling low my dude
😢  bulls must be punished by the 🌈🐻
smart
yesterday and sold at 9:40 this morning
Oh to be young and stupid again. Those were the days
HUGE RISK
New lockdowns = New stimulus = stocks only go up

I keep forgetting that
💪😤
I'm about msg that after today
Don’t be so poor
Trust me, I am.
li 35c ?? or wait for a bigger pullback
SPY $450
both are
Is there a chronic downvoter rn
Or because the blackmarket doesn’t pay taxes or have regulations so the cost and overhead are really cheaper. Until weeds legal and they have a true national system setup for it pot stocks will be trash because of the blackmarket. And since you wanna spout some bs with no research either 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.fool.com/amp/investing/2019/09/14/californias-cannabis-black-market-is-insanely-larg.aspx
[deleted]
Oh shit sorry I forgot this wasn’t a thread just about NIO
Pltr 17 eod
Just wait till December 2021
Fu
Why the fuck did you stay in?
Looking at 1 yr chart I'm pretty sure spy puts is where it's at.
I don't know enough about the science to know how much is hyped possibility vs how close anyone is to a usable product. 

Neuralink showed they were getting signals from the pigs, but are any of those signals useful for specific purposes or are they just brain noise?
FOMO REGRETS
Am I missing something? Because PRPL is still +280% for the year, so I'm confused what your basis is?
[removed]
lockdowns incoming
[deleted]
I bet their boys were waiting on the sidelines to buy in bc they missed the rally
NIO gonna moon now until earnings
I give the people what they want
Stonks only go up. Have you learned nothing?
Nio to $40 by close and I’ll get a nio tattoo on my ass with my tendies
I got 16 earlier let's gooo
This was a fantastic comment. An upvote wouldn’t do it justice
Oh shit I didn’t realize I was looking at weeklies
Every dip in tech is a buying opportunity.
What we’re your positions did you sell eventually
Just bought a call. Definitely selling before earnings
SOLO is a good play safer than the other EV companies I would let it pull back a bit and wait for a decent entry it’ll be worth $8-10 by March 2021 with an organic growth not with all this hyperbolic shit we are getting from other EV companies that are riding the coat tail of NIO.
NIO is a hot potato. Could go LK any second htf would we know?
Buying calls on the way down

I saw you 🤡

And it saved me from myself
[deleted]
God speed
That’s google for you, barely moves
This aged well.
Texas court blocks El Paso covid shutdown order
why not do something more lucrative like a $55 11/20, this morning those were a bit over $400
[deleted]
They want a huge market cap to project favorably on China's future. Its not a stock its propaganda that pays you money.
GM out there quietly fucking all over China.  

Will be in the mid 50s by early spring.
Buy in Tuesday. It’ll be 35
Exactly. By the time they put out these things their short position is already in and they are ready to close it. They then go long. Unless you get into puts immediately when it’s published, you are giving them free money.
My fiance just found out she is getting an inheritance of about 25,000 from her grandma.  How do I get that money into my margin account?
BABA dip a buy??
My guy, have you been paying attention to AAPL the past 3 months? It’s off doing its own thing. Absolutely zero reflection on the rest of the market.
SOLO🚀🤡
Seriously
Buy shares and sell covered calls.
TLDR? If you went to war, you might be homeless too
Will robindhood remove your PDT if you asked for it ?
Since $293
[deleted]
Fr shit got me dead
You go ahead and give me your reasoning for why it isn’t. I’m ready for

“EV is the future”
“China will pump them full of money”
“NIO is the new Tesla”

What you’ll notice is missing from those is literally anything real. 

There’s a difference between everyone wanting it to go up and everyone knowing it will go up
35 Tuesday
Oh I meant the Pump on Unity cuz it’s up 11% lol
TSLA = boomer stock status without even passing through the S&P500 inclusion stage. Impressive
fuck yea, got leaps for '23
you expected what?

&#x200B;

Jealousy ? Support ? 

&#x200B;

Lindsay doesn't care because she's got a nice side bf to keep her happy
Cool! Thank you for the help. I was getting worried because everything instantly jumped to - everything. Kinda assumed I did something wrong lol
Nah sorry you're good. My language was harsh I apologize man. You are definitely one of the good ones on WSB in terms of knowledge and adding value to this forum
 [https://twitter.com/andrewsiff4NY/status/1327284124973998082?s=20](https://twitter.com/andrewsiff4NY/status/1327284124973998082?s=20)

>NEW: NYCMayor says parents should prepare for schools to be closed - learning by remote only - starting Monday. Likely at a minimum for the rest of November. NBC4NY
Gonna snipe a few while the floor traders eat their lunch.
Really want to buy 100 shares of NIO and sell calls for the premium but don’t have a spare 5k atm. Anyone want to lend me some money at 0% interest and I won’t repay you
I got 5 bagger overnight on calls then played some puts for 50%, then back into calls for 80%. It's been a good day
Gotta love fake news
Don't disagree with that, but get your data right boss before making decisions!
Nobody ever mentions in these articles that it’ll still take another 6+ months at a minimum to even get the vaccine approved and start working on distribution. So dumb for these stocks to be rallying now on this vaccine news. Rally in 2Q 2021? Absolutely. Now? Makes no fucking sense
[deleted]
Not on leaps. IV is 80%. I’m already up 10%
Bought $AMD 90c 11/20 more even though it dropped another 20%, this better be worth it
Tech melt up rest of day or pump fake?
not a vibe ass man
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TheVer7icaL the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Whats the forecast for dkng over the next month? 

Should I sell now and buy back later?
whenever chad JD is pumping hard, virgin BABA shits the bed and cancels the pump... just leave BABA for JD already
Its not a pump and dump its a legit EV company just like TSLA
LI too. Thinking about next buys? Get all in on NIO on Monday before their earnings on Tuesday?
NYC closing schools again lol
NIO $100 next week don't sleep
Bless you sir, I pray you are right
Yep. People will read the article, then freak out (which they already did), then realize, wait, these guys don't know the future. Stock goes back up, you make even more. ezpz
You believe this?  Prove it!  YOLO puts on NIO today and screenshot your puts.
Puts. It’s 35 Tuesday.
Just no
[deleted]
Okay you annoying fucks I bought PLTR calls
selling calls? in this market?
Boeing up because of rising Covid cases got it
No but it'll print some tendies for sure
oh they must've had a spelling test at work. Anyone who hadn't figured out 'lose', a 4 letter word, got canned.
... why?
Top is in
Ah yes, a car for the common man.
seriously
If you didn’t use today to exit NIO positions, you need to reevaluate your trading strategies.
Don't judge me!!
Man fuck Trump banning my Gyna investments gtfo
If there was ever a job that should be eliminated it’s analysts and writers. They say the most obvious shit with the occasional the stock market is in a bubble. This time it really is though and they wont even mention that. Actually now that I think about it I’m selling my calls.
are you serious..
Did you make this up? Good one
Lul rip dude next week
WSB is known to lag behind, and jump on a bandwagon when it's already up a hill. But hey who knows, it could keep going higher in these autistic times.
Can we just make a new sub for NIO so I dont have to sift through your trash plays to find comments on companies that aren't Chinese scams?
NIO 35 Tuesday. But. Will be 200 by like 2025
I have the shit touch. Sold my NVDA calls at the bottom, got fucked. Bought NVDA puts, shit keeps grinding up. FML
Might want to do some research and look at the targets they set in the past like SHOP at $60 and never even dipped below $100. Has nothing to do w pandemic
If NIO drills hard and into next week, imma be ah screwed.
it is not going to. bottom is in. 100%
“Lockdown 2 Coming!!!” 

EXPE up +4%
Yeah just cause one company out of billions said that , that company equals NIO. What fucking horrible logic, don't address that everything you said in the post is also materially wrong.
Meh, guess we will see.  I'm not even a bear usually lol.  I made 15k on the coronva virus recovery, Nio is just a shit stain of a company.  I think Tesla has more ability to grow than nio lol
It’ll
Happen this is the fakest rally in the century
This should have more likes
Literally raped in the ass by NIO
Not being able to day trade with less than 25k is a human rights issue.
While I may lick my monitor, I am no  🌈 🐻
It’s time for SPCE to commence liftoff
sorry guys NIO aint breaking vwap for rest of day
Maxr gang. 🚀Fuck yo couch.
Low volume fake pump
Going wide Condor for NIO earnings with IV at 200%
People have balls of steel buying NIO at 48 after that sell off. For the 100th time. 35 by Tuesday. Enjoy :)
Lol
Why would I? ER coming up
closing over 50 lel
China buying the fucking dip, was bullish 2 years ago and this retard gave 2 of the most retarded reasons to short the stock
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**BLNK**|**$10**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.45**|**$9.5251**|**8922**|**2096**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhggvw868snw07209a9tvf5h) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/TriHardCXD/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**LYV**|**$65**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$4.02**|**$65.205**|**7050**|**294**
|**LYV**|**$70**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$1.91**|**$65.205**|**163**|**2**
|**LYV**|**$75**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$0.86**|**$65.205**|**2388**|**1**
|**LYV**|**$80**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$0.35**|**$65.205**|**70**|**0**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhggvw2u8snc072047t0wa80) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Mugtown/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
No one cares. +9000 or zero - or go home.
Earnings between XPEV yesterday, LI today, and then NIO on Tuesday.
My FD NIO 50 p were worth a 10 bagger but I took profit early.  Oh well.  Green either way.
I've said that every single day this week

I just keep adding 2021 leaps, losing money while watching other shit stocks skyrocket.
Fomo cured
Wat
didn't have to read more than 5 words to know that you got FOMO
Sure hope BABA doesn't decide to fill that gap down at 225.
Nah
the volume on nio is crazy haha
As it tanks 🥸
SPX you poor fuck
People losing money when it’s green, red, and or grey. Not sure the point of your question. 

But I agree, the shills on the pump and dump of NIO on this thread gets old. It’ll fall and a lot of people are going to have a surprised pikachu face. The company is literally no where anything like TSLA.
Xpev's constant movement from +5 to -3.60 is terrifying why do I own this company
Apparently not
Ah dang margin sucks
wow spy is a pure algo chop fest today.
Sold 0dte NIO $50c's... ngl, my butthole is pretty puckered.
...that's why I'm here..?
DoorDash, Wish, Affirm, and AirBnB end of year IPOs...Roblox too?
[deleted]
Like nobody expected the Friday sell off? Does everyone’s memory only go back 5 days? I told everyone yesterday that this would happen to NIO and I planned accordingly and just made out like a bandit from that dip. I’ve pulled over $12k from NIO this week alone.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well shit, sounds like he doesn’t fuck around...
You are not very smart are you
Erryday
Can confirm
Replied below
Do you have any positions on NIU?
A real candidate for the "always has been" meme
I’m in MJ December calls, let’s get this bread 🍞💰💸
i bought in today
Wait. You don’t want long dated puts man. This shit is $200 in 2 years.
Kndi or solo?
[deleted]
Hey I just got 12 of the 58p for today
Yea BABA is fucking us extra hard right now.
K guys I’m diamond handing this shit going full on communist LONG LIVE THE CCP.

And fuck citron I fucking hate those cunt muscles
PLTR 11/20 Calls seem cheap, im feeling a big move up EOD for them
356 is literal kryptonite for SPY
Lmao as if WSB is either trading shares or able to affect a stock with hundreds of millions volume
How do you sell an option before expiration?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TriHardCXD the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
1. Early investors want an exit right now while a lot of growth companies are trading at high multiples - 30x - 50x sales 

2. Even Airbnb and DoorDash are going public right not

3. SPAC has crossed the 4.5 month mark - the average time it takes a SPAC to close a deal

4. Bill Ackman has mentioned various times he would like to close a deal by year end
Okay bro go ahead get puts lose all your money and I'll smile to the bank in a couple more years.
out of stay at home and tech and into the boomer stocks
Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: 34 and 35
Good thing schools are closed or he might shoot shoot one up
The NIO dip reminds me of 11/10... and look what happened after that
[deleted]
fuck citron piece of shit ass why on earth did they even have to say that what value did they gain from it
[deleted]
[removed]
I got closed out 😂
It’s taking a lot of self control to not make an impulse decision on this
JP Morgan “citron a little bitch, moon time”
Been telling myself that since $285
Another pump pretty please! thx
**BREAKING: CITRON BUYS 4.7% OF NIO AFTER PUTTING OUT PRICE DOWNGRADE, SEC INVESTIGATING**
355
Thanks for the dip Citron
Bye Nio. Can't wait to buy back in later today
DRILLKINGS CMON
Where
Nio I swear to god if you dump again...
Until they never again because they zombified the economy
imagine thinking nio will go down
But did you sell your puts at a loss 30 mins after open and then buy calls? Cuz not me, nope, I definitely didn't do that... 🧻👏
No but as I already said there would be nothing stopping him from hiring people to move to Mars on great contracts and then once they arrive, voiding those contracts and enslaving them.

I imagine he's more likely planning something a bit more Blade Runner than that but nothing good can come of a corporation operating as a government.
Calls?
[deleted]
How creepy do you have to be To get banned on tinder?
[deleted]
Citron tweeted that NIO wOrTh $25 but they clearly short on them and prob bought puts bf that tweet. Lame 🌈🐻s stuff lol
I bought a cheapo one too.  Just a little insurance, but headed straight to zero lol.
Fuck citron. Like 20 grand but it’s whatever. Diamond hands
\***Shares of several hotels, restaurants & leisure companies are trading higher amid continued COVID-19 vaccine optimism. Companies in this sector would benefit greatly from a vaccine as it would allow the economy to start reopening completely.** 

Thanks for nothing Benzinga, that's a whole lot of nothing.
DKNG going to die and go back to 0% gain for me by the end of the day at this rate smh
seamlessly worth nothing? i beg you to read a book, what the fuck does seamlessly worth nothing mean? did you, perhaps, mean seemingly?
Wrong there buddy. Oldest zoomer is 23. Anyone born past 1996 is a zoomer.
The top is in! Get out now!
Paper hands weiners who sold NIO at the dip deserve all the unearned possible gains. To the moon we go now suckers 🚀
Did u ever look what kind of car nio has? Ngl I think it’s pretty crazy https://imgur.com/gallery/azkzd5H
Downvote this comment and you will forever have bad luck and continue to lose all your money.
Didn't age well, in the green again.

Algos going fucking crazy right now, any scalper with good luck has made a fucking fortune today of this, and both puts and calls have been assfucked if paperhanded. 

I love it.
Is SOLO the next NIO?
NKLA up 10% LETS GOOOO
What color lambo will you get?
I mean I'm bullish on NIO longterm but this valuation is crazy. They need to absolutely crush earnings to justify the current stock price
I was thinking this the other day and a second later scrolled passed one
Who bought that dip! Next stop...tendieland!
NIO going back up tho
What
Anyone keeping track of his sale disclosures? I know on IPO day he sold like 10k worth. Any action since? 
Just trying to time the pump
It’s recovering! Weak hands sold....
Fuck it was a bear trap all along
Thats what Carnival said at the start of the Pandemic lol.
BABA 1 week chart is something else. There's no way it's not a buy, but I feel like I've said that to myself a dozen times.
45
This guys fried
Don't forget to take some gains (and set aside some for the tax man)
Thanks retard, now my portfolio is down 73% today...wtf am I gonna do with $12
no ;(
The true smooth brains are the ones buying calls so close to expiry.


&nbsp;


With that said, pls buy my call that’s close to expiry
This is great play
Fuck all of y’all. Losing hope on NIO already. Fucking pussy ass bitches. Everyone gonna cry again when it goes up again. SHUT THE FUCK UP AND BE PATIENT
Didn't the do a one time stock compensation as part of the IPO which accounts for that loss. Excluding the stock compensation i believe they made profit of $0.09 per share.
I own 3 and am also 42. Weird you equate intellect with property ownership, wealth has nothing to do with intelligence.
I think this guy is memeing though. Robinhood won't let you sell uncovered calls. So unless this guy is in spreads (which would require more knowledge than to make this error) or had a fuck load of shares this is b.s.
But of course
#stonks only go up
im sorry to keep bothering you but ik youre playing sq or at least looking at it. what are you thinking eod?
Not so sure about that because of how much is produced internationally.  Similar to what happens with oil where we source more internationally instead because costs go up due to environmental regulations.  

Might be really good long long term 5+ years as we tap those international sources but seems risky.

Honestly don’t know enough about where they are looking at mining to really quantify that risk.
I need it to not last the day lol
I pick up my chicks on LinkedIn.
People remembered that we still have earnings next week. Buy the fucking dip and hold $52c 11/20
Exactly
>100 by summer 2021

\*by january 2021
[deleted]
They loaded up on so many puts before they wrote that
I can't believe I just made a free $150 selling a covered NIO 69c 11/20. Thank you wsb
12/18 53c and tons of it
It's going back up relax guys
Just wait for the earnings run up, let it dip dip dip, then buy in, this bitch is not over with!
I’m sorry, I just wanted to get launched to space in a Chinese Tesla.
“Anyone buying NIO stock now is not buying a company or its prospects, rather you are buying 3 letters that move on a screen,”.   yeah so what’s your point Citron
Holy FUK I love NIO
U shoulda held soldier!
You fucked it
Travel Bans! Sell SPY!!!
They have a paper. Not the best quality for sure, but it's there.
That’s sad
Hell of a day so far
Yeah true. This is the exact reason I missed getting rich on TSLA lol. But I also missed out on becoming homeless because of TSLA. Fuckin memes
God this spy range is cancer
You clearly have no background in finance right? You understand what working capital and these things are or you go spewing baseless lies in order to manipulate share prices for your own benefit? You got everything wrong in your post, their debt is also fairly low interest.
Spy put holders... root for it to go up to 356.50 and it will crash and die.

Or it won’t idk
Nasdaq is mooning now
So what’s your big bold plays “knowing” this?
Nahh I’ll wait till 35
[deleted]
AUPH is doing me good. I just wish I would’ve bought more shares yesterday at $12.85
Anyone getting in on FVAC? Before merger with MP
Bloody reversal inc at 10:30-11 or just boring day besides NIO getting fucked?
Rip in peace
Anyone just hyperventilate into a brown paper bag sometimes while watching stonks?
Yoooo someone going on a massive downvoting streak. Lmaaaao dude is mad mad
The strongest of the strong commi support at 45. No bear can match against the peoples republic
$15k in shares, $5k in various calls @$5, I got like 110 11/20 calls for  $0.10
My puts printed.😌
They attached a PDF on their site
Someone's mad they missed out on free money
You open up a small business or hedge fund, you transfer money in there, pay yourself through there into a solo 401k with Roth characteristics(100% of income up to a specific number that is still high enough for a down payment), buy a house and a car under your solo 401k’s name, and use your company to pay for food, electricity, internet etc because it is a business expense. On top of that you can drop money into a health savings account, child savings account, and open a non profit organization to do some more funneling if you need to. Simple small things to meet your end goals.
I haven't really touched it till today.  75 Billion dollar valuation for something with 0 potential seems like an easy enough bet tho.
Go back and look at it again u cunt
Strike?
You learn how to turn naked options into debit spreads by the end of the day.
OK I got 1 102c for next week
She’s moving
Robintrack doesn't seem to work anymore, right? Is there something similar?
[deleted]
Lol all the dump sellers
Yeah expire for max profit but if you're at like 75% I usually sell early
Solo and FUV are going to be huge in urban environments in the next 10 years, plus neither are Fucking Chinese meme stock.
NIO, go the fuck up again!
Second lockdowns means tech stonks 🌙
Where my WSB female BITCHES at? Got banned on tinder so this is my next best option. Looking for love and I have a stonk portfolio that will make you think I’m only slightly retarded.
Ah gotcha. So that’s why it’s showing I have -1 and -equity on it then. 

So once it gets closer to expiration, assuming it stays in the middle, the profit should go up? And then it’d be recommended that I sell (close) it once I get to %50?

Sorry if I should be getting this lol I’m a total noob. I decided to buy a cheapo one so I don’t hate myself when I do it wrong lol
[deleted]
Would you guys buy in to a neuralink type of company if there was a public one available? I own a decent percentage in a currently private competitor
[deleted]
Remember when those fucks shorted Tesla all them times too
Elon
making big recovery
Nio with a full recovery I would die
Well,  fuck, maybe make sure you are actually buying,  and not selling again
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Left

> In 2017, Left was called 'The Bounty Hunter of Wall Street' by The New York Times.
Loaded on 0dte spy puts baby LETSS GOOO
nio $57 eod orrrrrrrrr
When did you get in
[deleted]
Lucky

I need a crazy pump to 51 at the least
The Chevy bolt did not do much for them. My point with the hummer is that they have less than a year to test and produce a vehicle that's supposed to be rugged. Most GM trucks and suvs go through at least a year of testing and since this is a brand new one I don't think they have the luxury to shorten it.
Chinese Musk?  I dunno, smells pretty Citrusy rn
Thats a good idea, doubling down saved my ass last week on amd.
I added 70c expiring 1/21 for $25 strike price. What do you guys think? Print?
Hmmm, failing retail store selling products moving increasingly to online delivery, vs EV company in China, which has made huge EV goals, and has an exclusive contract with the Chinese government?

People aren't all in on this off baseless hunches. (well obviously some are, but there are legit reasons to be super bullish on NIO)
Honestly fuck them some random telling me citron is shit is all I need to decide that I’m diamond handing this
By mango, there’s a hit out on Gyna companies, and which one has been the most profitable...
I’m OK with that. 

Positions:
Sold 11/13 $51C
Buy 11/27 $47C

This drop just ensured I don’t have to exit my long position early. I was giddy as I watched my short position go from $3.60 to $0.22.
Yea NIU is a real solid play with an actual business model that will work long term.  It sort of falls with these EV bubble pure momentum plays but should not.  It is an actual business with a legit future.
Least you didn’t buy Nio at 54 like some clowns here lol 

What’s the pump from anyway
i want to just fucking kill Past Me for doing all this retarded shit with actual money before figuring out a set of strategies that i can live with.

fucking around with penny stocks on pumps

trying to play earnings with fucking SHARES because i didn't know about options

i'm much less retarded than i once was, but it's come at a cost.

also i'm still pretty retarded
NIO filled the gap from 54 down to 45, time to buy now
Fentanyl and NIO baby
Lol
Isn't that guy a fucking dumbass short seller? He just big mad that his fundamentals don't matter on china EV stocks.
When MM have to decide on allowing billions of spy calls/puts to be in the money spy suddenly looks cheap with its piss poor volume.
[deleted]
What strike?
Imagine doubting the EV stocks
Make it stop?
"SEC said I cant manipulate the TSLA share price, they didnt say I couldnt manipulate the whole market."
They FORSURE got paid. That was a disgusting move on their part. The number was so far off it was laughable.
They still write articles on how TSLA is overpriced
[deleted]
Citron already sold their shitty OTM puts and went long on NIO

You've all been duped
It makes me feel good.
I’ve only got shares but fuck this volatility is taking me for a ride 😂
Citron didn't even take the fucking EFFORT to put out an article or paper. They put up a fucking tweet. Oh yeah man, I'll just believe your hard research when you slap a fucking tweet up there.

LOW EFFORT

LOW ENERGY

SAD!
Baba is done, give up
Fuck
That was the gains, I sold in February 😎
PrIcEd In 🤡
Its already over with solo
Feel like 11/20 $22 puts on NKLA might make sense or is this the big pump to locked up shareholders dump in early December
The new ps5 and xbox are using AMD's new GPU too... I may pick up some on the next dip.
Go buy some puts now plz
**The NIO Bear Rally was long but not forgotten, 10:00 am - 11:00 am 11/13/20**
Im down on both LOL
Yeah, it should go down more since CCP made at it.
Holding nio till 500. It can dip a couple times idgaf
These diamond hands are shining bright my dude. Like I said, y’all 🌈🐻 don’t make me flinch
You guys gave Citron a free $44 buy in
A whole week of sideways spy and I decide to abandon thata gang. I can’t do anything right anymore
Blasphemy you heathen!!!
Poots on Tropicana
Hop on the unity rocket ship.
YOLO the SOLO
NIO is not the collective future of EV lol it’s one company. And it could potentially be a shit company that doesn’t make it. Do you think EV ends if NIO goes under?
DIAMOND HANDED MY 11/13 NIO PUTS, BUT FUCK IT KEEPS GOING UP
Damn sold early. :/
To the no cunt getting shrimp dick downvoting, how bout go fuck yourself
[deleted]
620 by end of year dumbo
they probably mad they didnt get a PS5
Bought a nio spread on that dip $100 lower than what I sold the exact one at this morning, thank you chinese algos 👍
Why would u sell before Earnings next week
[deleted]
[deleted]
You’re a retard
Ahh sweet thank you. Will take a look. What’s his record like?
Yup
Everybody is so focused on other people losing money
Agreed, the degree is much worse with these investment research firms as their claims are completely baseless and subjective.

Wall street analysts will use key metrics to craft their analyst to influence where the price will go.

One uses a sophisticated method, the other brutish.
Yup. The capital needed is significantly higher but I’m very happy with PLTR right now
Lol Citron most likely got paid to post that
Why insult me like that
Another day of waking up to BABA playing with my emotions
Imagine not buying NIO on the dip. 
Imagine buying NIO puts on the dip 😂
Citron wanted to buy the NIO dip.
Buy HYG puts 18 december!! Look at the open interest.. 200k x strike price ahahha market will collapse soon
No clue my dude. You can't play this stock off technicals as it has gone full retard and is one of the top meme stocks right now. I could see it settling in the mid 40's for the day as lots of folks appear to be collecting profits prior to earnings.
begin the fleece!
Yessir at -4%, still have some hedge tho
PLTR ended its ER day @ 400% IV
JD to 120 next week gay bois. 🤠
Because I like to continuously prove myself right by getting into shit at the worst time.
Well, it does. Thank you! Went all in on LI at market open as I couldnt trade in aftermarket and premarket. Went up to 11K, now down at 9.8K.
Oo my leg, it’s caught in a bear trap

Actual cannibal Shia LaBeouf
This guy knows
Promise?
SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP
the battle on nio is insane, it's gone from +5% to -5%, and back to even in the past hour
What’s your play?
Yeah except I bought Li auto 200 IQ play
Stoch slow on NIO is 95 overfucking sold wait till it dips again
Awesome we love to see it 👏
It came across as funny for sure, but I'm also fucked in the head. I feel for the dood in the sense that, all he had to do was google and not look like a dumb ass
Dw. Bunch of salty shorts who will get burned
[deleted]
Hope y’all bought that NIO dip. To the moon again we go 🚀
Think it’ll go to 30?
BABA is basically stuck at 259 ffs
NIO trading flat rest of the day
My b, I just wanted to taste my first tendie...forgive me for my sin
no positions in NIO. I'm enjoying all of this
This is more of a 12 months thing
That U pump wew
nio is holding up better than i figured it would
Twitter man.
Buying INO cus it's at a good entry and because it's basically NIO anyway
Washington state on Monday
Yesterday
bought puts on nio at -6.2% AMA
Annnnnnnnnd I’m back up 4% on the day with NIO Calls. You guys and gals are fools.

Wait, maybe I’m the fool for assuming there are women on WSB.
[deleted]
4.6k on chyna stonk. Let’s go!
Feels good to jump in after a couple months and see that sweet sweet red again 😍 

What i miss?
Please punish diamond handers, I don't care how, just screw them by making them regret thinking it is a dip or a peak...
Priced in
It looks like it’s flyingl
Anybody that is not selling their NIO puts right now is completely retarded. It's going back up right now.
Guh
Lmao people who sold nio cryiinnn
Mr. Tesla has the Rona
Imagine buying a put at the dip for NIO and having that roll into the weekend 🤡🤡🤡
you realize the vaccine wont be available to most until 2022 right?
In Chicago I think
[deleted]
[deleted]
Today is a literal tug of war
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Autism at its finest

**URL:** https://redd.it/jti8ny
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jti8ny) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Thang184, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
absentious
shitbagspud
We have the dashpass. I want in!
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
no worry - your chance is coming....
Read their SEC filings!  I know it's a long boring read, but they spell it out very clearly.

NIO Co. Ltd ($NIO) is a Cayman Island holding company.  They only own 50% of the PRC subsidiary (NIO Energy Automobile Co., Ltd) which is their "revenue generator".  Since $NIO is a "foreign company" to PRC, they don't actually have any control over the company that makes their product.  It's a house of cards.  One wrong move and it all falls apart.

However - nobody bothers to do their homework before investing, so the price is currently being propped up by unicorn farts and hope.  Jump in and enjoy the wild ride, but don't stay in it for very long.
So why hold your puts if you know it’s done going down? Lmao 🤡🤡🤡
Fuck you Tim Apple you silly stupid fuck. :(
That's bc, gasp, you are reading from sources that come from a country that has an active incentive to keep smearing china as inherently inferior. Did we forget about nikola already? Every country has their bumfuck shit fakes, but to generalize it to an entire country is absurd and counterproductive to the making of tendies
LMAO
Awful lot of bears in here, calls it is
I’ll hop back into NIO after earnings

Your insane hopping into something with +200% IV
Prominent pumpers on multiple platforms.
Way to fuck the party up citron
It almost touched 60 and you didn’t sell? Jesus.
options activity, price targets, price action, etc. fundamentals. look it up yourself retard
Ok so did u buy the nio dip son?
nice
Citron is Andrew Left. pretty well known short seller in the finance industry. enough to have his own wikipedia page.
Is this Andrew left? 🤔
All NIO needs is a Chinese Elon Musk
Nio close over 50
Here here
Used to study Black-Scholes Model in Differential Equations, now I’m here YOLOing my portfolio with FDs.
What if the dip is actually a drop tho. Spooky
Nio bull trap!
DKNG doesnt deserve this bleed, PENN is up more than DKNG today and DKNG was the one to report the beat and great guidance lol at least my calls dont expire until end of next week.
Fisker crazy
Wait until some shady Chinese suit shows up at their office.
lol Citron is trash I remember when they made a big fuss about shopify being overvauled at 300 level and made some bet it would be less one year later
Ty, needed a position.
FCEL $5 by EOY
at least you can know that Andrew Left's Ex wife was able to get him to pay for her Wedding to her new Husband. that's pretty cucked.
It green again
Congrats to the dude on Monday that bought $25 GRWG calls
[removed]
Of course
Guess Razer does have the quality then!
IT'S A BEAR TRAP!
[deleted]
I’ve asked myself that atleast 13 times in the last 2 weeks
You’re faulting them for not predicting a pandemic 3 years ago? 😂
NIO is a fucking retarded stock hope it dies
lol youre right...man I missed out!
Wow who woulda thought dip would come so soon and go on Nio. Picked up a Jan $45c for 10.00
Green baby suck on that Citrontards
LMFAOOOO $55 EOD.
Lulu?
Based. Fuck the paper hands losers.
I have never made money in an option. All of my share gains have been more than offset by options, just turned them off
[deleted]
Thank god I didn’t panic sell like u retards 🙃
SOLO 🚀🚀🚀
It’s possible. I might double down if it does go lower.
This is the NIO I know, love you bby
Told ya’ll. It’s back up to green. Better have bought the dip!
Fucking Applied Materials (AMAT).  You're my baby.  Absolutely DESTROYED earnings with a record breaking quarter, and the CEO stated wrt forward guidance:

"Our future opportunities have never looked better and, as powerful technology trends take shape, we are uniquely positioned to accelerate our customers' road maps and outperform our markets."


Meanwhile all the kids here chase after dog shit like NIO and LI options with 200+ IV.  lol.  $70 calls on AMAT was virtually free money with way lower risk.
Look at the money flowing out of MSFT And apple
If you played trades perfectly, you'd have all the money in a couple of days.
Be patient. Will not last through next week.
Lot's of Bear traps being set.
When I commented it was taking a nose dive but it's indeed going up again


But why is the opinion of one man the reason for NIO to drop?
spy mms twiddling their thumbs
NEEEEEEEE  YOOOOOOO
Sold my 11/13 call to break even. I rank that as a win.
These chinese evs were due for a pull back after 10% ah run ups. You'll be back at it Monday retards
ha you're right. It's heading back up now
Right now, they’ll bring something out and we’ll be sitting on some larger sacks than some
Ya boy bought shares at 51.5. I am autsitisic.
IV up so high on NIO that puts and call holders are up today
[deleted]
Yes but for commercial uses
Guys....**NIO EARNINGS NEXT TUESDAY BFTDDDDDD....**easiest money you'll ever make
NIO just shaking weak hands, hold the mf line
I’m so fucking aladeen right now
DE BLASIO NYC TWEET: TL;DR Short SPY

“• 121 patients admitted to the hospital
• 916 new cases 
• The infection rate 7-day average is 2.83%
 
We NEED to fight back this weekend, NYC. We NEED to get this virus under control.”
I wonder how much Citron got paid for that hit piece so whales could buy the dip
This guy knows how WSB works.
Fuck citron all my homies hate citron 💯
I think it’s pretty clear what’s happening here
60 after earnings shaking the weak hands out
3 fillings by the dentist. My mouth is numb fam
Who lost their portfolio and downvoting everyone lol
Citroen the French car?

Dunno any citrons
That’s called timing the tops or bottoms, and I promise you can’t do that.
Papa Musk is now Bitch Boy Elon. He has officially lost his “Papa” title. Papa John’s is more of a Papa than this Trevor Milton 2.0
They should just change the name to NIOstreetbets today.
The NIO recovery 😩🤤
Is spy gonna do the most predictable dip ever... or...?
The one that fucked ur options😂😂
Who the hell is pumping nio now?
The way you've described it, it sounds like you're selling the iron condor (i.e. you receive credit as long as the underlying stays within 84-70).

If that's the case, you can close out your position by buying back the iron condor you sold.  You won't get max profit unless you let it expire, but typically rule of thumb is that you want to buy back at 50% profit.
If I had calls on SPY, that triple top would have me sweating a bit.
People thought 22 was the top, then 27, then 35, then 40, then 45, then 50. I'm sure there's plenty of folks who made 400 - 500% on puts that are 90% down. And no one is getting 2500% on a stock with IV that high.
[deleted]
How are bears even alive
Post gains pussy.
who the actual fuck is buying nio now. Keep inspiring me
You know something is wonky when you can buy ITM calls below their intrinsic value.  Almost like the NIO call holders can't afford to execute.  Thanks guys.
That doesn’t help your case at all. Go to r/smallstreetbets
Thanks I bought when you said this.
[deleted]
SPG is straight ripping cheeks tho
Doubt
Who ist citron and why cant he fuck off
It's already recovering lmao
Here’s what it feels like buying nio and solo at the top... see ya next week!
Guys, let’s all rotate to NIU together.
I don’t understand nio
SHE BACK BABY
Lockdowns soon?
NIO tanked, 50c 11/27 from tuesday dip still green 🤷🏻‍♂️
LMFAO EV Short Sellers
Did you?
This shit is insane. Every tech item this year just getting bought up by resellers. Never in my life have I seen this shit before. Ffs video game’s havent “sold out” aside from Nintendo since like, fucking Gears of War 1
citrus does this all the time. it usually leads to pretty good buy opportunities.
Yes
Lets see after today which institutions bought the dip
Grats to whoever caught the move
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5uat8
😂😂😂😂
NIO

Overbought

Oversold 

Over this shit
No, you can’t claim residency day 1 of moving to a new state. You have to establish residency by having bills sent to a specific address.
Common BABA. Gimme back my money and I promise I won’t play with you anymore
Haha stimulus talks going well again
[deleted]
Not anymore 🙃
Do NOT buy the dip yet NIO isn't done dropping
Today has been a cycle of lower lows and lower highs
No only up you stupid ignorant bearish motherfucker
Is TSLA dead
I really wish he did not infect the astronauts who are traveling to the ISS tomorrow.
Is spy gonna do the most predictable dip ever... or...?
And we’re back
At least they didn’t do it AH.
Yes, run from your Chinese EVs back into the arms of baba.
Shakin all u pussy hands out, robbin ur premiums on short dated calls, and letting the true soldiers go to battle, see you at 100 by summer 2021
that stock only knows up
That's the patented autistic way keep it up!!
Reminder: Moderna data next week
This is the wey
Who the fuck even is Citron
So Covid numbers rising and the opening stocks are rising wtf how???
AAL rising, but pton dying? Come on market makers wtf
[removed]
Nio options so much premium, literally more than spy options. Bruh
Fuck I just took losses on NIO and now I’m certain it’ll reach 52. Fuck I should’ve doubled down
Im hoping for a dip of 79~80 today to hop back in.
[deleted]
#BTFD
The true WSB way
Lol I was trying to be a little sarcastic but hard to make that come across over a screen. CLEARLY this guy shouldn’t be playing with options.

Love to see that Robinhood will approve anyone and everyone for options trading.
"No!" I feel ya
[deleted]
Someone make this same meme but instead of calls say puts
Oh and TSLA lost money for about idk 8 years?
NIO about to pass average volume already. Will probably hit half a billion
I tried that the first time. But it went from negative one to negative eleven
This aged well
Fuck yes buy the dip, it's on sale
The market always trails covid reality. Chicago literally shutting down and hospitality stocks are up. Grab some puts dated early 2021 and wait. Bet against NIO via puts on LI. LI is the Litecoin of the Chinese EV pump.
Lol wat. They've bounced 10% in 13 mins.
This shits the same thing as Turo isn't it?
Ban
User name checks out
Please STMPS close above 185 and let me have my premium. I don’t want 100 shares of your bullshit
Goldman sachs tried this at like 12, will make fuck all difference a week from now
ItLl hIt 60 tOdAy BrO.... FoMo inTo NiO..... YoUlL bE RiCh
Its not a profit until you close the position retard
Did I say he was or did I say he was cool with?
Its like soneone kicked my portfolio off a cliff
Uncle Biden and Uncle Xi gonna MOON our calls with Orange Man on his way out.
I figure NIO will settle to the max pain level for 11/13 option holders of right at 50 for today.  Typical expiration Friday, but I think it will have some room to run on Monday and Tuesday.
Aged like milk. Ok, this comment might do so too.
How about now?
I think long-term it's still a really solid play. Just going to suck for a little bit.
Yeah or most likely a few days before just depends how in the middle it is.
Thanks for the heads up, calendar hard.
I know with Sony they only made the PS5 available as a pre-order. No in store stock on launch.
DKNG headed on back down to 42
Smh got killed by a lemon 🍋
SPY is so gay
Spy is for boomers learn how to take some fucking risk in your life. See Nio up 17% on Thursday go all the fuck in on Friday
Imagine thinking NIO was fucked
Holy shit I should’ve went w my guy on NIO. Mooned on XPEV earnings and ranked on LI. Their earnings is RICED IN
Was pissed I sold my NIO $50c for February that I bought yesterday on the dip and sold at $53.60, then seeing it moon to $54.20.


The good news is that I am no longer pissed about the decision.
These posts always get made when NIO dips. Then when it goes up 10% again you will never ever see these posts
People forgot we still have earnings next week. We’ll be alright.
Hello, I am a geologist studying infectious diseases in rocks.

We believe blood type matters.
Yes it's true AND if you have TDA and you get PDT flagged you can message their support to have them remove it for you. It sounds made up but try it and you'll see
Palantir is up?
I just read half of a Raging Bull article and I feel fucking dumber than when I started. Who writes this shit?
You're running out of steam!
PLTR GANG

 1/15 21c
Pwice 2 hai in mai open yin
I’m turning off options trading
RemindMe! in 5 hours

I got puts. I guarantee it's done going down
B-but amurrricaaa
Godspeed 🌈🐻
Not allowed to make money September-???
Yep, they failed to give guidance last earnings (which would've moved the stock up as it should have at that point in time).

Insider trading activity showed all sells, no buys for that quarter.  
I don't think I'll be trading DKNG going forward, I seem to only make the wrong decisions on this company.
I hope for your sake it's correct because nio has years of work to even approach tesla
seeing Tesla be red all week and not even attempt to recover really scares me
Hahahaha I hope it does, shit
Short bus certified
Oh have enough liquidity for another full year of operations without needing to raise capital too if you take a simple look at financial statements.
Who gives a shit about grammar on Reddit? I mean even your (happy?) reply has at least 3 errors in it.
Can't they just..talk?
Yeah,  thankfully I sold only a few minutes after the peak after I knew it wasn't a brief dip. Had I sold at the tip,  would've been around $6200 account balance,  so lost out on $700 or so but glad I secured my gains either way
[deleted]
Some citrus company messed up my Nio tendies 

I hate OJ
Somebodies jealous
YOLO BOTH SIDES!!
Fuck Citron man ruined my fucking weekend how the fuck is this shit legal I need to find someone who works there and immediately buy puts before this shit happens
Man needs to get a hobby lmao
Why do you keep avoiding my questions?
So I let it expire then?
> red ass-green days

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
ah ok cheers dont follow it even though i have puts....long dated, figure its gonna recalibrate and when it does im ready
I’m still up substantially, but damn that still hurt. Seeing your position after the price plummets 13% in 30 minutes always hurts, even if still green.
If it makes you feel better, I lost all my money on Appl calls so was only able to put in $500. So my 75% gain is more of a moral victory.
Nio running outta steam
[removed]
NIO being all over the place today isn't too bad when you bought 11/20 20C for $3.14 a piece in September.
Xi Jinping called, he said nio to the moon dec ...
Feel like spy into weekend holding puts is the smart move so inverse ne
he mad salty
Some salty NIO bear that got greedy and didnt cash out
🤣😂
Sure but they have valid points. 20+x NTM sales, 50x LTM sales is a bit ridiculous - TSLA even with such monopoly power did not achieve this with everything it can offer + MUSK
If they crush earnings their price is utterly fucked. How many times do you need to see it this year to get the message?
God I was just bragging about my puts and now NIO is bouncing
gotta love these red-ass green days
Oh I will I just wanna know why the dip lol. Sold nio yesterday gonna get back in later.
Hahaha glad I could help
From ? Into?
Valhalla or hell for me. I have Feb 55 calls that I'm gonna hold through earnings no matter what
damn...was hoping for ZM to drop a bit lower so I could double up on cheap calls
Tyty, here's hoping
I bought nio puts at open at 0.20 and sold later for 0.30 now they are worth 1.86 lmao fml missed out on a 10 bagger
Buy it up
155+ battery swap stations too
Tesla calls
FSR 20 by eod please and thank you.
If that actually prints.. i will shet brick
He’s been going strong since yesterday
Already on it. Time to go full retard mode
Yep, look how fast its bouncing back. Scary, but earnings is just around the corner, no where to go but up.
Two biggest names in the stock market getting rotated out of means nothing...
Looks like those NIO put whales yesterday are making moves
How can a company with a forward PE of 25 and 700million active fusiliers have a stock price that tanks, you ask?  Communism! And it’s coming soon to a government near you.
If you are wiped out from a stock returning to where it was 24hrs ago with no news or catalyst you need to reassess how you trade stonks
GME is really a pain in the ass this week!
TSLA calls?
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-14 16:11:39 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-14%2016:11:39%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jticwe/amd_calls_now/gc5vgqh/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjticwe%2Famd_calls_now%2Fgc5vgqh%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-14%2016%3A11%3A39%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jticwe)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Ban
Lol 200 percent iv
Took NIO profits yesterday and bought 0dte 51p at 1.32 same thing I did to tsla on the run up to split. Let's go!
Those are for expiration trades
This reminds me of August. Try to buy a SPY put to hedge if you’re saturated in calls.
Will these preorder and thanksgiving numbers be reported in their earnings report on 12/8
[removed]
Why man people losing money out here
Ding ding ding.

He needs to buy em back or risk losing all his capital
Congrats
say it with me now... 

&#x200B;

sector... 

&#x200B;

rotation..
I should have gotten more on the dip
You have to give Jeffery Eptein a massage
Sold everything at open boys. Not fucking with this spooky Friday the 13th shit
NIO now moves like FSLY lol scary imo
Looks like you hit "sell call" instead of buy. To fix, go to the same exp date and strike and BUY Call.
Noob
Haha no u first lol
Dump at 48 and go get tendies.
Where
Whoever’s downvoting all the comments must’ve lost a shit ton of money lol
Hahaha, rub in the salt really good.
Lol I actually did. Didn’t make much considering the risk, but I know when this sub falls in love with a stock it’s time to dip. Thanks muchacho
What happened to DIS it looked so good in PM
[removed]
[deleted]
Dude forreal. Almost every ticker I have is following the same movement.
a hahahaha now tsla tracks nio......
Doordash IPO just announced

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/doordash-releases-s-1-for-ipo.html
I only bought two of them :(
[deleted]
Hahaha love to see it.
Holy fuck today is not going like I hoped.  Blood everywhere.  Big surprise on option expiration Friday.  Thanks MMs!
🌈🐻 will rally tonight BABBYYY
😂 NIO.. “it’s gonna go to 300”
So much wrong information in this post my mind blew up, there are 55 NIO spaces in China. Idk where you get your information from LOL.
i think it’s just a sell off this morning. it will recover
I highly recommend you guys looking into hyrecar. Carl Icahn selling of hertz cars to them, that they rent to the car sharing economy. On track to be profitable and Small $100m cap. Gotz room to go.
Wsb always calls the top lmao
!RemindMe 24 hours
Holy fuck I wish this sub would stfu about ev pump and dump stocks
Glad I got a buying opportunity for my long term and my options today 🙌
bro your post history is 💯👌
[deleted]
Holy fuck there are so many words here. I read the first sentence and then skipped to the TLDR.
Is TSLA down because of the Rona
congrats
And yet until the Citron article was published NIO was up double digits % today. Gtfo
BABA hitting support at $258. If it breaks through it could really crash hard. :/

Failing that, if it holds this is a good time to buy in/more.
Just yolo'd everything I have left on gnus 1.5$ calls 11/20. Hopefully the big diesel attracted a lot of new viewers
Yep I sold mine and bought back in for a 58$ call
Citron research is no better or worse than wall street analysts.  
They're all manipulators looking for personal gain at the cost of ignorant retail investors.
I’m confused about how to claim profit on an iron condor.

Do I need to let it expire to receive the credit?

For example, I buy an iron condor for AMD, credit for 0.76 ($76) at $84 -$70

If I let the condor expire and it’s between $84-$70 will I get the $76 dollar profit? Or do I have to sell it prior to expiration to get the profit?
[deleted]
Sweet baby Jesus
Just got off the phone with Xi Jinping, he is initiating an executive buy order at 12 pm, stay tuned boys
SPY has the most limp dick volume ever. Y'all quit trading ev up and down and give your old buddy SPY some love.
Thanks for the dip buy Citron 🙂long live $NIO
SPY chart today is straight retarded.  MM just gonna fuck with us all day with this.
PFIZER
I'm sorry I have been very sexually deprived. I just bought 10 NIO calls so that should keep me hard for some time
Very cool!
After watching NIO for 2 weeks this what we call that the morning dip, load up whores
I don’t like when people give misleading information on Reddit. When people are posting an obvious pump move I have no issue with railing them for promoting their own pump if it is about to be sold off(no point in promoting an overnight day trade because few people will wake up at 9:00 et to trade or 7:30 et to check news and premakarket trading). Sorry if I come off as assholeish, but I will do anything to help others, including railing on people to dissuade others from making poor investment decisions. Again sorry, don’t mean to be a complete asshole. Just don’t want people making the wrong investment decisions for the wrong reasons without an exit plan.
So much dip. So much dip
As you should.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Mugtown don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Meme stocks don't care about fair market value. I've see $22 - $25 but would be surprised if this drops below $30 any time soon. Like I said, my positions are FDs lol.
[deleted]
Same :(
I'm convinced that even if Activision sold 1 TRILLION copies of Cold War, the stock would still trade flat to down. PAIN
[deleted]
What’s wrong with LI?
Quintiple top for spy?
Bots are out in full force shilling NIO
Yes and it's spotting a little mouse on ground right now
I have a single 7.5 call for 12/18 that i spent my lunch money on. Need someone to buy 50k worth of these things.
Whoever bought my NIO put. Fuck you.
SPY sending us a signal bouncing like the Pixar lamp, all in on DIS calls
God it feels good to see NIO red
well, i feel like i've learned a lot playing this game over the last 3 months. unfortunately, education isn't free. jesus i wish i had back the money i put into trades whose initial retardedness i fully understand now.
Alright thetagang you win, I'm coming
I bought NIO puts right before the drop!
Enjoy it. I’m not afraid of you 🌈🐻
I'm a pussy, I talked about NIO puts but couldn't pull the trigger

However seeing the loss porn is worth it
I sold all mine at $52 it was fun while it lasted.
I think you might be selling calls instead of buying calls....
Chicago lock down announced.
Does anyone else trade better when they’re stoned
[removed]
Imagine thinking SPY is a good buy at 355
Thank you gay bears
$33
lmao I'll pass
what dip? you a month late to the party
Start shouting
Big boys dumping it I wouldn’t touch nio
You get banned
Even on a red day... NIO call holders still make money 😎
164 shares
NIO bouncin get in now!
Anyone play the hd into earnings next week?
Yeah. Cause we’re not total morons haha. I’m hoping for a crash now
Yes, NIO dipped but did you see how fast it recovered? Also, NIO has always been RED every Friday for the past month.
You need to start selling at 16k returns 🤦🏾‍♂️
VVIX is too low, VIX is moving around like a penny stock
Was up 1,800 yesterday but I didn’t have any day trades left so I’m stuck holding
Jack Ma is going to be swimming with the koi pretty soon since he pissed the commies off.
$35million of volume on that last 5 minute candle on NIO. jesus
Glad I inversed myself and didn’t buy puts on cruise lines
This market is run entirely by one algorithm that decides at random to buy tech or rotate
Damnnn made like 2k this am really fast. Done for day. PLTR open buy sold at top, SOLO same bought at am sold at top. Got some PLTR shares with the call profit. 🥰🇺🇸🇺🇸🚀
You can tell you’re at the top when a Citron or Hindenburg “pull the plug” on it
[deleted]
i'm making money today... wtf
Good for you, I'm just more of a buy and hold, the first year I started with little money, I was playing, and missed so many opportunities if I just held and didn't look. In the end of the day, as long as you are up, who cares about this short term..
Happy bday
It needs to catch vid
Legend has it Warren Buffet nearly had a seizure when he saw that dip.
Literally every stock is in the shitter but spy still up
[deleted]
[deleted]
That actually makes sense. And is pretty cool. So do you? Explain it to people I mean?
WOO WOO WOO
So we’re all buying FSR huh
SPY better be at 350 end of day or I'm going to rage quit
It’ll come back. Fuck Citron.
Selling high and buying low is the name of the game. You’re really trying to shame the ones who are actually good at making money? *Okay* 🙄
Alibaba is not a boomer stock lol.... Just because a company has a large market cap doesn’t make it a boomer stock.
exactly
TY Citron for letting me finally get into NIO leaps today 🙏
Fuck that
Have you looked at the stocks that the ETF is holding?
Bye Nio
Ne-Yo probably just consolidating in the mid to high forties and ripping again tbh
Bought the CRSR dip 🎮
ELON TWEET SOMETHING NOW! CALL CRAMER A STUPID BOOMER OR SOMETHING. PAPA
thank u citron
Idc im up 120% on puts :)
Fucking doubtful
My proprietary valuation model
Yes they needed to reload for when it hits 70-100
I literally just bought NIO calls

They rocketed up 25% and then dropped to -50%
Amazon option IV low af
We’re in this together
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Ain’t much but its honest work

**URL:** https://redd.it/jthonp
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jthonp) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/darclan, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ROO-FI-O
Whoknowsx94
Hot tip: CZR. And I can’t trade it, not listed!
Last chance for 0dte SPY calls.
I just got fucked by Andrew Left with no lube
He can fuck 1,000 Taylor swifts a day with his cash. Marrying a bimbo who is just a money grubbing whore would be the mistake. Marry the woman who takes care of you the way you want to. His ex wife felt too equal to him for his taste. He’s a god now. He wants the people around him to act accordingly.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
See how your amount is -16? Your selling calls, not buying them. It’s why your losing more money as the premium gets higher.
You must not heard of the news 🤡
Theres literally no reason, that I can find, why nvda is down... covid up, proce targets all raised, arm acquisition, shitcoin almost ath, gaming surging, data centers booming. Shit, now that I'm typing this I shouldve known it was going down.....
Short seller to be specific, Andrew left is a short seller.
Imagine thinking that was the NIO top
I've got to start paying attention to wsb meme stocks instead of focusing solely on SPY.  

2,500% on NIO puts in minutes.
Pretty much
[deleted]
Not mine
Caalm your titss she’s going back up
Friday, new lockdowns. Record COVID cases. You should know this is bullish. (I have 355p)
All in on NIO dip.
I get people rebuying NIO but why the fuck are yall still touching LI?
It bounces back and forth between the VWAP, it’s really hard to get a sell signal from it isn’t it?
China spotify is revving
us bulls will crawl bak up no matter how high thehurdle

&#x200B;

bears stay down cause theyre gay and positioned for green dildo
NIO dead cat bounce.
Panic sold yesterday. Not fucking today.
Ngl learning a bit of TA absolutely saved my ass on NIO. I know it doesn’t always work but the 1D 1 Minute chart was following patterns *really* well all week, shit got bearish and I closed out hoping to buy back in, but then it just kept dipping.
If youre selling NIO rn, you were holding for the wrong reason
Wow IV on nio has both option chains green
I think they know all the Robinhood poors are balls deep in NIO and it's easy to spook them into selling at a discount.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**KNDI**|**$10**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.18**|**$7.3477**|**5963**|**2368**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhggj1hf8nn907206cclmivz) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Big_Ole_t/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**AMD**|**$83.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-27**|**$1.62**|**$81.025**|**536**|**95**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhggj1gv8nn4072099en750s) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/kaybloc/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
down 4400 today i am numb
I posted this yesterday. Consider an at-the-money put on BUD and TAP. Both are at, or very close to, their post-Covid crash highs. BUD in particular has had a big spike this week. I can't say that we're about to go into a lockdown, but we might be looking at something close to it with the rapidly rising case count. Bars, restaurants and clubs closed, alcohol sales down, you know.
2 years ago Citron research did the same shit with shopify when it was $70 per share and now its at $923.00. Fuck them and don't paper hand your calls. Earnings are still Tuesday, and plenty of room to run before 100. They did this more than once with tesla and look at it now over 2K pre-split.
Rotation into CSCO
They take you out back and give you spankings
$NIO today is an opportunity. You decide for what....
Watching LI right now is giving me anxiety
Meme stocks are crazy
Smart play
Market manipulators say LMAO FUCK THE POORS, sending prices down 14% in 30 minutes.
did i learn my lesson about playing meme stonks from TSLA? nahhh
rotation out of nio
[deleted]
Fuck them were blowing away earnings
0% chance
Hopefully that NIO dip was the last lol
They tanked -5% and the option was still +4.5%... now +43% 🧐
It would've been way more if I sold at today's peak but I was expecting it to go down after hours
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ al the right answers here
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I usually sleep until 1pm so when I wake up and see the morning massacre I’m happy that I didn’t wake up earlier. Unfortunately today I woke up at 9.30 to witness this shyte
Today's 100% Nio portfolio went:

22k > 38k > 17k > 27k. 

I need to start doing weed
NIO YOU WERE SUPPOSE TO BE THE CHOSEN ONE!!!!
Nio has nice chairs with free instant coffee in like ten cities in China - so there you go
They're at 10.35 rn, congrats
Corsair you can stop falling now
nio
[deleted]
The cukoo is back banging on his keyboard
Yep
i was debating puts for next week. thank you .
👀
EV stock prices too high imo
Should of fucking know a sell off was coming when “nio stock” was trending on google
Yeah a terrible track record go look at their targets on SQ on SHOP Hahahah Citretards
They literally legally can’t buy stocks 🤦🏾‍♂️
I hold some things I'll never mention here. Retirement plan 😏
Yes buy little dip
Seeing losses like this makes my 3000$ loss feel better. Thanks for that bud
Need spy to die
hahahah now i dont have any money and im homeless... what do i do now?
Fr wtf
What happens when you get pdt flagged
Level 2 on NIO looks crazy. Massive 100k buy at 46, massive 100k sell at 49.
BA
Yep. Expect an end of day surge. Folks will be bitching on Monday that they should’ve bought more today
Yeah ok cya at 60 next Friday pussboy
Kind of dipped already to 74 last week.

Edit:77 not 74
Anyone important scheduled to speak today?
fomo on the li dip getting me. Sold at 35.
Another bullshit sideways SPY day? 
Whatever spy puts holding over weekend
lmao bud do you live under a rock
Lmao all these retards panicky selling when nio drops by 5% after climbing 100%. And it’s recovering currently lmao
nm, sold for tiny profit. nio is clear for mooning again
As it goes back up... 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Bought PLTR at the dip
NIO dump is the MMs shaking out the retail retards
Who the fuck gives a shit about citron? Fuckin french morons
Sold my puts at the bottom of that dip. Made my tendies for the day.
Solo 🤞
Let the rocket begin
I bought puts at 353 yesterday. It won’t move until they expire and then crash to 300.
that the bottom?
Citron just mad they losing money while we’re cooking up crispy tendies
-3.6k in 8 minutes
People bitch about manipulation all the time on this sub when it’s literally smack dab in their face. 

Citron “pulls the plug” after NIO rises all week after the other EV hit all their numbers with NIO primed to do the same. 

They released their BS report to get in cheaper before it rises even higher. 

Literally RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR FACE. There’s your manipulation boys. 

Feel free to buy puts though.
Is this the bounce before we drill to the core?
Oh yeah. Super deserving. (Not /s)
NIO 60 next week is already priced in
[deleted]
NIO Dip or PLTR Long
Dunno; the entire "losing face" culture of the Chinese almost demands a much more significant punishment imho.  Don't think the CCP can back down from one of the richest Chinese citizens calling them out.
Rip 11/13 exp put holders. Shoulda sold yesterday like me. What were you thinking you greedy fucks? Now suffer
[deleted]
WTF IS KEEPING SPY UP
I already made 50%
Big brain plays. Wsb retards thought it was going up another 20% today lol.
Sold
Correct way is to emphasize the low market cap you could have gotten in at. Share price meaningless.
Got damn I can’t wait for NIO er on Tuesday. Going to be legendary
why is noone talking about nio
Got fuckin annihilated by nio... If solo and tesla dont make up for it next week i very well may give up
i have no stake in it. im just banking on the fib retracement.
It’s barely 1 hr 30 mins into trading day lol
Buddy I’m 17
[deleted]
My TSLA spread is already down 37%. Fuck you.
One of us
Nothing matters if you’re a market sweetheart! See Unity for reference
All Chinese EVs going back up NIO will end where it did yesterday
FSLY 100c jan and TLT weeklies, going to be my next paperhands -70% play
(takes deep drag on joint) Do you know what it's like to be responsible for the death of an innocent Iraqi civilian in war? It leaves a crack in your soul that never heals. 13 years since I came back from Fallujah, and I'm still homeless. Got this motel room roof over my head for another month, by the grace of God, and precious little funds left for food. Beyond that, it's up to my option plays to pay the rent. I got a 1540 on my SAT, 800 verbal 740 math. I could've gone to fucking Wharton, but my parents declined to spend money on my university education while simultaneously expecting me to go to college. Fucking Trump dodges the draft, cheats on the SATs, bribes his way into Wharton, and still gets an honorary graduation from my Air Force Academy ... why are Americans homeless? You could've been the one to go to war and kill an innocent man, you could've been the one to bear the burden of national defense. I could've stayed home and made money, looked after my own interests. We need a two year term of mandatory military service for all Americans aged 21 years, so that the selfish rich stop shirking the burden of national defense, so that we have no more non-warrior non-veteran draft-dodgers for Commander-in-Chief, and so that Americans no longer ask "why are people homeless? Why don't they just pull themselves up by their bootstraps?" Americans are socialists when it comes to sending other people to war on their behalf, and rugged individualistic capitalists when it comes time to share with the combat veterans who fought for them.
low vol sq 2% drop? i raise you 5% lower vol moon
Nio 40 by close today
Hope all ya autists already sold all them NIO $50C you were bragging about
Butthurt billy is downvoting again because he’s broke😂
the other guy.. ooh was very close
CCL doin work!!
I want to get off this fucked up ride!
I’ve got 1700 shares at $2.09 average. I hope you’re right!
[deleted]
[removed]
This is fucking bananas 😂
This is why I bought my put yesterday haha
Going back up rn btw. This shit is bipolar af
Told y’all. My NIO puts ate, done for the day! Thank to those who overbought NIO!
Sold all my RKT calls at the top this morning. Feels good to time something correctly.
NIO back at close last night and everyone is panicking..
I remember quad witching that was a shitshow
Y’all are fucking retarded
palantir theta gang kinda easy, also guys peep fb and google, they will moon once this F@Q market stops being so fucking gae
Brother!! Enjoy! I’m
 Wouldn’t be surprised if Nio opens 39 tbh
The fuck nio, I’m just shocked
NIO puts
Nio is so unpredictable, from free fall to stabilised
Get on the NIO train were retards we know what to do
Are you fucking kidding me SPY
But pltr and all other EV is down what's the reason?
ZM dip
Buy the ZM and PTON dip
Will it keep going down tho? It’s hitting an upswing right now. Perfect time to buy a put before it keeps descending.
I think I’ve seen this one before
Nio leap holders that sold some premium are the real winners
RemindMe! 2 weeks
she go back **up**
Yeah he's not that bad. He makes her happy 🥰
Nio calls and puts are both up today by 20% 😅
Yeah, this didn't go great for me... but all I see is an opportunity to double down.
It's up 1% this week. So many better plays this week
As someone holding RKT since July/August, I can tell you from experience that your best option is to cut your losses and try to jump into a winning trade. The person that said prepare to empty your pockets is correct, you will probably need to make a deposit to try again.
Put 500 into SOLO. What kind of FD can I do with the last 100
Hold, your expiry makes sense
Earnings
It’s so funny to see all the people that sold NIO and were bragging on here just few minutes ago 🤣 I bet now they’re buying again. Such a behavioral finance
That dip was like A1 steak sauce for these tendies. Mmm.
Dip and then rip! 🚀🚀🚀
bro they are around the price tesla was years ago before tesla came up to the thousands and then split. if you didn't invest in tesla when it was this cheap and regret it, now is a good time to make up for that. FOMO is more or less, bullshit, at this point. I would say that NIO is a bit more volatile than Xpeng
My god I do love my gut instinct. Set a buy order for PLTR at 15. Dipped to 14.88 and bounced straight back up. We about to eat good tonight
lmao i feel so good for selling $LI at market open today.
Last time I did that everyone lost money on Tesla earnings and everyone was making fun of my play as an autistic way of having cold feet. I ended up making money going both ways off of weeklies while everyone else lost money. Leverage is worth losing a little money over in order to guarantee profits either way. +50% is more than the degenerates on here.
NIO you beautiful bastard 🥰
Just loaded up on 70c 11/27 it’s literally free money
Nah
[deleted]
Ye ive ran into that problem before RH only lets me make 3 day trades inna week
CEO of Citron definitely bought million in puts
From down 10% Nio to up 20%now 🤑
NIO back to $50 by 1 PM.
You missed out already
they were bullish when it was at 7$ not 50!
Gotta love the beginnings of a V
Id let it dip some more, not a bad play though.
[deleted]
Follow me for more tips
I had 1/15 so it didn't explode that much, still sold that shit at open.

godspeed for your options 💎👐
NIO V shape recovery, HOLD you paper hands lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
FUCKING CITRON MESSING WITH MY STONKS
I’m 17 dawg
[removed]
[removed]
I’m battling the downvote bot, greens all day retards
That shit was the easiest play ever
I can’t even sell or I’m trade restricted. And I can’t downgrade from gold because I guess I’m still processing some gold buying power. Fuck RH. Loss porn potentially inbound. See you Monday.
Was up to 17k this morning, now at 12k haha 🤣
They want to buy a dip
cRaYoNs dOnT wOrK
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5uat8
NIO 50 by noon est. Guaranteed
[deleted]
Fuck why’d I sell NIO 

Fuck I’m retarded
This isn’t a YOLO you fucking degenerate. This is a paycheck. Go back to small street.
This is so retarded NIO
SPY 350 EOD?
I really thought ford would drill
If AMZN could jump up to 3300 that'd be great
Lmao in 17
i expect a run up and a dump after ER foreshadowed by today after LI... at most we'll see $55 again before ER... sell if it recovers from today's dip if you can and buy after the earnings plummmmmmmet

$45 1/15, $48 2/15
Y’all are the most bipolar bitches I’ve ever seen lmfao
Buy some $35 puts then
[deleted]
Hope you sold.
i wish, i bought the falling knife like a retard
Ok spy, enough with the triple top. I know you heard about the lockdowns coming
wow 3/4 of this sub must be in NIO right now lol
So puts for Dec and Jan??
What’s a good $500 play right now?
alright lets see 185 eod 😤😤 haha
Hope yall bought the NIO dip
We didn’t want y’all in the Nio club anyway. 💎 🙌🏻
I sold my calls expiring today near the top. Then waited a bit, bought some expiring next week. Then it dropped off a cliff 🤡. I was telling myself to wait on buying them till later in the day, but FOMO grabbed me by the balls.
CommunityFire.gif
+1000$ in 2 minutes
But I’m also a pussy
If SPY breaks through the triple top on the 1m chart then nothing is sacred anymore
Bro if nio comes back today I’ll pour one out for the homie, sorry bra
I perfectly timed the nio bottom and sold when it was 6% lol fuck me
Now buy the dip retard
Buy the Tesla dip and thank me in Q4
Any moron thinking citron just crashed the future of EV with one stupid article is insane 😂
LMAOOOOOO
The world needs big data companies like this more and more, this is a good stock and won't be affected as much as the others that could go down.
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-14 16:07:05 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-14%2016:07:05%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jthism/nio_drops_15/gc5uwtk/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjthism%2Fnio_drops_15%2Fgc5uwtk%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-14%2016%3A07%3A05%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jthism)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
NIO 65c 12/4 still up on the day and never went red (??)
Fuck! Shit! Fuck!
[deleted]
This drop is disappointing. Couldn't even come close to hitting limit sell level to convert 3-month calls into monthlies
Hoping it goes V for you
GameStop is a fucking joke, how the fuck do *none* have new consoles available.
35
[deleted]
Grimes likes her boo with a little thickness, to cushion her hips.
WMT with some sharp looking buy spikes. $165 by end of next week
I need Apple to die all day to 108
Friday the 13th man
sold for a 30% loss, i have failed you
Diamond hands boyos
Holy volume on NIO
Knew it was coming with all the niotard posts today
[deleted]
No u get made fun of showing off ur girlfriend on reddit
LOOLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Shocked to see NIO sell off when literally every single comment is a bot or fish talking about it.
Feel you, LI at $39
Today shows that luck might be the biggest factor in options trading. Or maybe insider information.
I’ll explain since some ppl are confused. Yes its just one downgrade. But citron called nio 30+ back when it was trading at $1. They said the entire market “was missing something”. Now that very same company is saying it’s too high. That’s why everyone is selling. Whether they’re right or not idk. But they have a track record.
Buy the FSR dip phagoots!!
Lol idiots. They shoulda sold at open. Luckily I sold all my calls at the top and kept my cheap put that I bought yesterday and just sold that at what's hopefully the bottom.
goddamned idiots lol you could see the panic setting in. be patient
You going to insult NIO like that? 70 eod ez
WERE BACK!!!
Oof
253 million volume already on the day for NIO. Fucking nuts
NIO BIC DIC BULLS BAC
I have 100 shares and it’s pissing me off
Yess
You’re right, calls and puts both up right now
!remindme 24 hours
I think citron is in here and got annoyed of all this nio talk everyday
Downvote Danny is out again
this is exactly why i'm just never buying options less than 30 days out again

buy some 1/15 or later calls on PLTR at this price and you won't regret it
Who’s downvoting all these comments? Who’s account is getting fukd?
My day: wakes up in great mood. Markets up? Let’s check my BABA position. 

Finding $ROPE 🤡
No food and I’ve been evicted, but at least I can cruise in my new NIO EV! Vroom vroom 🏎
[deleted]
Not to mention the big screen with NIO behind
[deleted]
What does this do, is it that it sets a stop loss after it reaches below a limit that you set?
  If NIO does a heroic V shape recovery I won’t do anything crazy but I will be happy
Remember, stonks only go up. NIO will recover
Nio won’t recover today sorry guys
They are waking up and buying as we speak
Fuck this guy
Nio going back to the moon. See u losers
rPCR or go home. Antigen testing is still shit.
Why is spy still 355, cmon fam, looks more like a 340 with all the bs coming
[deleted]
Just profit takers due to options expiring. It will be back up.
I need a fucking drink
I predicted CSCO popping up, VXX dropping yesterday, NIO sell off and bc im shit at timing i lost money lmao by next december you’ll see, you’ll all see
NIO dead cat bounce lol
Feel free. I'm holding puts
I thought it was cheap at 52..
Dead cat bounce?
You are a victim. We all acknowledge your victim status.
This had happened twice this week if I recall lol
made 60% profit on fsr
What’s happening with ZM?
Bought the NIO dip! Let’s fucking gooooo!!!!
[deleted]
They’re shorting NIO. They did this on purpose because they want it to go down
🤣🤣
Playing NIO is like playing a game of musical chairs...lol

So worth it though
TSLA dip is there for taking
More like 600 after taxes
[removed]
Citron stopped the NIO pump
Upvote if you sold at the bottom
You got fuked. You’re right that draft kings has shady management but shady management means that they’re going to pump stonk with some bs guidance
My favorite posts on here are when people ask “My stock is 1 cent above its strike price, why am I losing money?”
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/myerszombie the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That NIO intraday swing is wild as fuck
We betrayed Elon :(
Who bought Nio this morning? Gawd damn
Holy shit Nio crashed to *checks notes* 1 day low
I sold my XPEV puts earlier like an imbecile
Not too late to get on NIO put train.
NIO dip was fake news
Well all the gains I’ve made on NIO I’ve just lost.

So I’m back to where I started
Guy in the research report said “we are looking at...and an investor base more interested in spinning a casino wheel”. He called y’all out lmao. His new price target is 25 after Citron was bullish for two years. Gg wp
Someone wake up the NIO bulls! 😳😳
same i was up 35k and now im down 30k wtf
Hold the doooorrrrr!!!
What are we buying to prep for this second wave of carona, because shit is giong to shut down again very soon.
I sold my NIO at eod yesterday.... saw that shit mooning in the Big Y parking lot this morning when I bought that orange sprinkle cheese for popcorn.  Was so close to adding some FOMO positions but didn't.  Maybe this will be a cooling-off day and I'll look again Monday.
Citron decides NIO pricing is unjustified and said it makes zero sense for anyone outside of China to buy NIO stock when we're not buying into the company but papers with three letters.
I’m retiring from money
Dip complete
Loss porn or mass bans!
Bruh why you only have $100 in 1980s money in your account. Gotta pump those numbers up
V actually doing a V
Thank fuck I woke up to sell my positions a bit after open
Every Friday is red for nio for the past 1 months.
Yeah I sold one of my long term contracts to get on this NIO train and now that tanked lmao
The guy still holding his GME position will continue holding until his profits have evaporated so that he can earn the flair "GME Bagholder".
[deleted]
That’s enough porn storylines for you, Jimmy.
I PULLED OUT
Until they blow away earnings
Keep dreaming. It’s gonna test 44, and then blow past to 42 level
Gotta hold on a lil' swings are normal
Just bought a put. So soon.
105C nov 20 looked spicy yesterday at 5.20 jumped on em and haven’t opened my account yet today lol how am I doing
you just described my morning bro
TFW in winning positions that nobody talks about here and are therefore safe
Oh sweetie...
Never been happier robinhood didn’t fill my 60 calls
And how did you deduce that?
*sad elon brrrrrr noises*
Oh shit it bounced off of $7.99 literally seconds after I wrote this.
NIO refugees are welcome in PLTR, join the most patriotic spy company ever made since google was running Project Maven.
Super sexy time for some pltr, even some shares of you wanna hit it boomer style 😎
Diamond hands on my NIO calls momma ain’t raise no bitch
Here's my plays

https://imgur.com/gallery/ylcnkv3
NIO is coming back for more 😈
Nio 60 eod
Just when I think I’m out, they pull me back in!!!
Sold. Going to buy my mom’s boyfriend some KFC.
50% cash gang now
Aye fuckers you better buy this dip cause I bought the top
You think I should’ve sold at it’s peak earlier? Now that it’s down right now I’m kind of bummed
just the weekly friday dip folks, nothing to see here
If you aren't invested in pick and shovel weed stocks you are missing out on some tendies.
Nio dropped like a fat bitch trying to ice skate
Their cd rates were higher than any major bank other than Ally. I can just transfer money out of my cd after I close it into a different account and back in with a new amount and it is considered “new money.” I have more than 1 bank account.
Just wish I help my insurance puts and waited to buy more calls a little longer. Damn that dip was perfect opportunity 😂 citron just made a lot of people a lot more money. But cucked most
Spy chart looking like the Himalayas
Every NIO candle is 1%, this shit is wild
Nio salty call holders downvoting lmao.
That was it. Load up on calls
You said this hours after the citron downgrade 😂
I have an 11/20/20 XPEV $25P

Perhaps I might get my money back, at least.
Okay the pussies left nio, time for the men to buy😈
Lol. Keep saying that.
Where’d you hear about it? Took some fat NIO gains and was trying to figure the next play since I knew this autistic strength would falter
Rip to NIO call holder who took a break after seeing 54$
I hope you bought the dip.
Lost everything I had in that shit fuck you Citron. Closed me out and I’m down 80%
So glad I went boomer with nio today and just had shares
I was up +20k at the beginning of market hours and now at -15k. Guh
NIO ON THE DIP PUSSIES
Typical Friday.  See you bitches Monday at 55.  🥱
Just get cucked and PUT and order that is below midpoint
Nio if you hit 44 me buy back and love you long time
i made great plays this week only to get rocked by sq. dont know if i should hold these 185c 11/20
Mercedes Benz sells 1 million cars per month and Nio sells 5000 cars per month. Nio market cap is more than Benz.
[deleted]
Impossible. He’s a racist.
sir, this is a wendy's parking lot. your wife is on the phone begging you to come home.
🤔good point
Just doubled my portfolio this morning with NIO straddle I bought yesterday. Nasty
cant he just say to CCP "great idea I fully support this, here is a billion USD to help , and a few lambos outside"
No chance at the ps5 for me today :/ sad boi
This Kang gang shit on XPEV is some of the most ridiculous movement I've ever seen
NIO taking rest of EV market down as well.
Lol
Y’all have no trust in her
Nio we riding back up 🚀
Dip buyers to the rescue 🙏🏻🔋
nasdaq flat

russell and precious metals blood green
[deleted]
[deleted]
INTC's looking juicy, load up while it's cheap!!
[deleted]
This is the DD I come here for.
FUcking nice.
Everything in my portfolio is red
They never dropped below $100 Citron is a scam
This an OTC trade. Doesn't get the same action as stocks in the usual US indices. I wouldn't be tossing $400 worth into this company even though it's penny stock level. You're free to shoot this stock if you got free money laying around since it seems like this company was listed a year or two ago.
So easy, why does anyone work for a living
volume on nio is fucking retarded
Hold long term you'll be okay, maybe some turbulence but you'll end up on top. Set a stop loss for 35$ if you wanna play safe
Second dead cat bounce
NIO TO THE MOON
This didn’t age well
But a flesh wound
What happened to Trevor Milton?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Thank you XPEV, the other chinese Tesla for my first ever stonks gain!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jti0w9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jti0w9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/DanK--, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
DanK--
llllllllhhhhhhhhh
STOP THE MF COUNT
Buy the dip homie
NIO XPEV LI SOLO 11/20P  for tendies
Hope you got in boys
but you will never go broke taking gains. nice win homie
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
😂😂😂
Why
Rotation into travel and airlines
NIO is like a rich girlfriend

Don't pull out
is HCAC still a thing??
ROTATION
Bought some nio here. Hoping for a quick rebound before I sell
Hahahaha. Nice.
Do I hold fsr over the weekend?
Chinese EV bubble goes pop!
Sike! Buy the fucking dip
It was rated to sell today... it’s going down. Buy more?
You’re right not a squeeze just a potential pop
Hello - ama
60
This is going to be my biggest win since ROKU

I was 2x on my NIO puts while the underlying was higher than when I bought them. God I love options
Eh those are a few lottery tickets i got for like 20 bucks total, no biggy
i expect a NIO bounce at 44ish
Not at all.  It's OK to be envious 🤣

I sold another 166 contracts at 25 cents for a nice basket of tendies.  

I'm gonna ride the final 200 of them right into the ground if I have to.
Anddddd we're back
Watch NIO run back up to $53 EOD and all you clowns hating will buy at the top *again*. It’s going to be glorious.
NIO is brutal like that neighbor with 10 inch cock fucking every housewife in the block
Good man I think everyone’s did!
XPEV recover started already too
Shorts just shorting. It’s gonna go back up 15% in 30 minutes.
Bought NIO for next week $50
Absolutely buying the dip for earnings next week. Easy money
[deleted]
Citron
nah its only started 420c bro
[deleted]
Damn i hate rh spreads. Impossible to close them so you watch as nio melts and the spread just sits there never filled.
Imagining there are still long-term players on NIO
Your welcome now you owe me $150 a month for providing you with info that will double your portfolio
Damn, you cold bro.
I’ve already taken a fat profit off of it
how is it only 11am
[deleted]
NEUHOMO
[deleted]
[deleted]
Descending cone on SPY $350p 11/16 sell EOD then yolo $360c 11/16
Guys NIO is going back up. I got some ATM puts. You're welcome.
Around 43, I guess.
Always nice to see a fellow RKgang member in here. See you in tonights stream.
Nio needs its own sub wtf is this shit
Who paper handed NIO? Laugh in diamond hands.
I hope yall got out of Nio in time. Sometimes paper hands gets you your max profit
[deleted]
Prolly cuz I’m kinda retarded. Down another 2% after I sold, may buy back in, idk china playing with baba rn.
Mate they will be the tesla of the east. The east are extremely dubious about Western companies as is it is, if they have a product produced in their bir of rhe world thar is just as good they will support that. They support their own unlike thr west.
Fuck I take my losses and NIO goes up again

You guys fucking owe me
Wow PLTR fuck you and fuck this
I was waiting for this to happen so I can buy :)))
Because its the future of EV, should be near TSLA valuation
you mean +20%
[yes](https://i.imgur.com/xbbKT33.png)
pton wrecked me
Rotation
You were saying?
*+20%
Why should they wait til it's completely built before announcing it? Probably a lot smarter to announce it and see what the reaction is.

> why didn't they invest in the EV game sooner?

Have you not heard of the Chevy Bolt? They've been in EVs but it's a lot of cash to spend if they're all in too early. They have to balance that expenditure with their existing ICE business.
[removed]
Same.. and now it's continuing to drop
Yeah I missed out on being my portfolio back to the green by being a little fucking bitch. Never again
Bought 1 NIO $50C EOD yesterday for $77

Sold at the top for $400

Only about $7k more to go to make up for my qUaD wItChInG losses back in March
i hate when papa spanks me
[deleted]
Nothing's dead until your account says $0
i’m in for shares at $40, you think i’ll be good?
 13 days of NNN and I'm getting rock-hard just when water hits my shaft, FML
Jump back in on nio
What the fuck is keeping NQ green. Sheesh
You may be freakijg right. 10%down in about an hour... Thats heavy.
The prophet speaks
Way of the road bubs! Time to lock up and reload 😎
Soooo is NIO taking a nap or has it been cut in the jugular?
NIO gonna crush earnings and y’all are getting shook out. Got myself a 45C next week for 5 bucks
The stock is up 120% in a month... you didn’t need to have inside info to gamble on puts
so cash gang now...my gut says just wait to rebuy til end of day...
[deleted]
So glad I sold my shit earlier today when it hit its peak 😂😂😂
My lottery tickets hit!
This morning I reposted the Citron report and pointed out that WSB re re's always end up bag holding. The response was basically "shut up we're making money and its going to the moon"

Since then its down 15%
NIO call holders, the smoothest of all brains. You deserve to lose all your money if you held that overbought garbage
Just buy puts and sell at the bottom and use that money to buy calls
did anyone make 10 baggers on ev puts just now?
Good call... flip a coin and you’ll be right half the time. 🤷‍♂️ enjoy the tendies.
https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf
Posted this in another post but here's my story this morning. How I missed my first 10 bagger.

Bought 49p expiring today after I saw it break below my trendline for the second time with a fat red candle. Was watching the charts and everything looking good. Then, a sudden need to shit hits me like a truck. I rush to the bathroom. I'm watching it on my phone but I can't see my TA charts. I see NIO popping back up and I panic. I sell off. After I'm done with my shit, I come back to look at my charts and my heart sinks. I shouldn't have sold. It didn't hit my stop loss. Now I'm sad. My 10% gain could've been a 5 bagger possibly more if this continues. It's way ITM now as I'm typing this.
 I just got in on solo an hour or so ago which is now shitting on me but thank fuck it wasn't nio
I was up 70% now down 50%
No...maybe people just thought nio wasn’t a top four valued automaker in the world lol. I’m sitting on a ton of $40 11/13 lotto puts I bought “just in case”.
Lol good luck with that, you should have bought them at open
Wish I had more conviction. Made only 100% on 0DTE NIO 51 puts, they are up over 600% now. Damn it. I'll never get rich
Yeah.  I'm seeing December calls still up.
Just bought NIO puts, your welcome in advance.
[deleted]
STOP THE COUNT!
Sell that shit
for the time being...
Man this didn't age well at all
Panic sell off is not lasting long, very obvious the dip is being bought for NIO at $45.
[deleted]
And then you see it's still green guh
I got NIO calls dated for 11/27 , by the time I'm ready to sell,it'll be at 55
Wtf is up with xom being so resilient today
[deleted]
GUH
[removed]
DAL having a nice day.
Lol no
Imagine having the power to drop stocks with a single Tweet (legally). Citron Research has it made lmao
That was easy money, like buying NIO puts !! Lol
SPG is bipolar.  +8% Monday, -7% yesterday, +7% today.  I'm long, writing CCs.  Stressin me out man
SORRY WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED
[deleted]
[deleted]
know that feeling man. don't sweat it just watch for the next one you can't catch all of them
hahahah who tf is buying nio back. we never learn eh
Agree. Just hold through it. It'll come back
😂😂 fr basically flipping a coin at that point
Rotation back into America
Trying to get paid today, not 5 years from now
How much did you just lose after the Citron article?
$100 swings on the dow every 5 minutes, sure. Not shaking out the IV AT ALL
oooooh. is NIO going to do the TLRY thing? exciting!
No way NIO drills all the way to the 30s, this ship is taking off any minute
I know, I can never time the top right. Nice work though
Citron was just jealous they missed out
It was at $53 something around an hour ago. I actually thought about buying puts but decided not to. Still kinda glad I didn’t because this one is so unpredictable
YES FALL PLTR ITS OVER!!!!!!!!!!!! I HAVE THE HIGHER GROUND
I loaded up on some shares this AM and bought a single 12/4 $57c at open. Thankfully I did a quick in and out with the call which offset the loss I took on the shares before jumping ship lol
I wonder how fast NIO gets back to 50 after this game is over.
grats and off, I'm crying
Lol I guess the party is over
Eurotraders getting screwed as usual
[deleted]
are we bearish over the weekend?
Fuck dude. Time travel back a couple hours is all you need to get rich. Sheeesh
NIO -20% EOD
"yolo on solo" 😂😂😂
NIO gotta close the gap from yesterday, I’m gonna get fucked on my puts not selling here aren’t I
Wow, I really timed the NIO top. Too bad I only bought a single call.
Fake dump. Reversal will be eod and back to mid 50's by Monday. I'm holding my dec calls. fuck Citron and Fuck NIO bears.
11/20 $200C maybe a cheap lotto not sure I’d be cautious
Any updates about your retardation diagnosis?
**Reporting for duty, SIR!**
[deleted]
NIO is down 6% and you guys are acting like it's gonna go back to $20 a share. You don't deserve gains
This aged well
so high barrier of entry explains why ppl haven't figured it out.
Lock in NIO.
Positions or ban
[deleted]
Time to buy more.
Atm leaps are the safest
Make sure you look up what an actual short squeeze is. Short % or float isn’t even 2% as of two weeks ago. Might pop, but not a squeeze
just bot nio 50 c for next week, but it's probably fuct
Citron? More like Shitron
shouldve took gains but i didn't so i guess im holding now
BUY THE DIP
I fucking hate myself brio
[removed]
volume is insane on NIO. i still think this pushes higher closer to earnings and it's whales taking profits
OH! PLUG is also falling off a cliff! Meme reckoning day?
Imagine being a NIO bull, going to smoke some weed and beat off to celebrate your tendies, and then you come back and see this epic GUH.
Careful, Cintron and Hindenburg like to run trains. Just when you get comfortable with that thing lodged in there you gonna get the DP
Maybe you are, but I am going to beg you go keep your genitals to yourself regardless. I'm sure they're very large or tight or whatever you consider a compliment.
Patience dude.
Visa is the number one credit card in the world and literally always post consistent gains... take out a little ago when it dipped to 187 range
[removed]
I sold but talking for the rest of wsb☠️
Any news on NIO?
No need to be alarmed in the EV space. It just a rotation from NIO to NKLA. EV investors are in the idea business. They don't like EV companies that actually make cars.
Also this is super healthy for NIO like long term players know whats up
I'm with ya pardner 🤠
NIO 34.5P 12/4 up 130% today, always inverse WSB
[deleted]
So did I, but then I bought back in when I thought we reached the bottom. That’s when NIO was at +6% 😂
What nio ending at today
ah yes, the climb back up begins. only retards sold
Damn. Big Dick Nick in the chat
Dude has been on a tear past few months! Good luck. I hammered him in the match for 1st round against Rory at like -130 lol
Just did. Will rinse wash and repeat next week.  New robinhood users are a curse and a blessing.
How can crayons do so much with so little?
Bought Nio calls at open and sold for %50 profit at the top just to lose it buying shares at $50 :)
You hanging in there bud?
A very rough drop to stomach losing so many imaginary thousands in such a few minutes..... but as we all know these momentum plays can swing back just as quickly.
My nio calls are still up 4.5% on the day lmao wut
Glad I sold Nio time to buy back in when it open at 39 or some shit
It’s just profit taking next week will be fine
It’s me. I’m that guy
Spy is giving me fucking whiplash
Citron posted an article saying NIO is only worth half what it was trading for.
I paper handed every single fuckin play this week fuuuuukkk
Imagine believing listening to citron research is in your best interest
Guys...i'm not impressed with everyones calls on NIO

What is our next play...give me some ideas!!
So......NIO 54 EOD?

Haha jk I'm fucked
TOP is in good bye chad bulls 🍌
NIO FLOOR 45.

MOONS from here.
Not trying to rub it in, but look at the 6 month chart and ask yourself why would you buy lmao
After 70 of that is gone for taxes no you literally can’t buy a nice house for 100k in the majority of the country. You wrong dawg
What were your gains today?
Lindsay.exe
Bought a 12/31 16 call this morning at market open and up 25%.
NIO puts for next week
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TexansKisha the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you fomod into nio today after that run
#Nio call holders after tripling down on their weeklies IM READY HOW BOUT YOU?!
[deleted]
Market pumps leading up to payday 

Market dumps on payday 🧐
HELL IS HERE CLOSE RHE MARKET FUCK
Blockbuster rope sales for singles day - BABA smashes earnings!
lol @ those ppl who those $51 was the dip
NIO back at levels not seen since....yesterday at 10:00am
Alright which one of you retards bought calls at the top
Honestly at this point it might be best to wait till Monday to get back in on NIO guys
I'm fucking all in on TSLA calls. Fuck this Chinese EV shit.
please let this thing fucking crater. knowing the retarded fucks 90% of this sub has paper gains on NIO and is diamond handing their calls
why did NIO drop like this? im telling my dad
If you have gains in NIO, take it now!
Not this dip.
I dont feel as retarded now for buying nio puts
Someone knew this Citron report was coming out, there were a ton of 11/13 puts bought up yesterday
Like I said earlier, Nio will touch $54 and $34 today
if you bought APPLE in august you've only seen red LMFAO
What the fuck is happening with chwy
RIP this bull
[deleted]
*E bot ze dip?*

*DOMP EET again*
r/whoosh
You think that matters when everyone has been putting their life savings in, they see 40? the buy back will be massive
Okay I missed out what happened to chinese ev and most of tech today?
Only 30 more dollars down to go and it will be at a reasonable valuation!
I was right!!!!
Algorithms will not let it fall. Prob going to trade flat all day.
like I don't have a proper instruction manual for how I do shit. I just don't have links that say "here read this and it'll all make sense" or some shit. gotta explain it to ppl in my own words.
just sold nio 46p for 150%, now buying 50c for next week
Yeah, if a roller coaster only went straight down..
Wtf PTON
[deleted]
I am so fucking pissed
Trailing stop loss>>
# LOL
Spy has some retard strength today when you look at the charts and vwap
[deleted]
Buy at 40$ than stonks
what the fuck just happened?
SPY, you know what it is

the harder it falls, the harder it immediately pumps back up above where it fell from on no volume
“You’ll never see NIO under 50 again” 😂😂
[deleted]
I lold
Nah..Im just watching people get clapped. Lmao
and doing better than 97.4% of the mildly retard folk here
Avg cost is now 24.9 so i'm good on NIO
Sold my 8,  47p 11/13 NIO at open today for 80% loss.. feelsbadman
Yup bye bye nio it was fun while it lasted. Back to being poor.
AMD calls if it drops to around 74 again, otherwise im staying out
What was the consensus on shop back then? Corona clearly helped them out alot.
BTFD nio
WSB called the top yet again...
What were you saying again?
I feel bad for whoever bought my NIO and FSR calls at the very top today.
bubble make my puts go brrrrrrrr
The new enemy is something called a citron
Cmon baba I’m not selling have over a month
Triple top
5.26
those lemon fucks
Balls deep in PLTR
NIO to the center of the earth!
We gonnna get through this together!!! Buy high sell low baby!!!
Today is one of those days that I feel like Bogdanoff is actively watching me and trying to take years off my life.
every days been like this tbh, we only had one gap up over night this week and it was weak
Holy shit the profit taking on NIO
[deleted]
NIO drilling back to Chyna
nio about to lose $10 in a day (from the peak)
I wanna meet the guy who bought SOLO at 7.91 this morning 😂
Good thing I learned about candle stick patterns last night and sold as soon as there was a bearish pattern 😅
Fucking raise the ROOF boi
[deleted]
I fucking hope
nio @ 41
All you retards asking why NIO is falling deserve to lose your money
Sorry man
Stay strong, NIO gang
CLOSE THE MARKET
Nio will be a $80 in a few months...relax
My nio puts sold while I was sleeping :/
No, but I did buy XPEV :(
[deleted]
sq dip, i wouldve gotten in right now instead of eod yesterday
Looks like $45 just became resistance lmao
 It needs to dip to kill the option holders for today.  MM can't loose too much.
When do you think the NIO downvote party will start?
I sold at 51..  shit I missed the 54
Let us know, edge of my seat
Fuck you citron
Sorry that was just me selling 100 million shares real quick.
Aight NIO knife catchers, get in there!
Hope you're okay bro
LI might have been the greatest pump and dump I’ve seen
NIO bears come out of the woodworks to talk shit after getting absolutely FUCKED for weeks straight
[deleted]
Jesus finally another PFE buyer - I lit 500 on fire this week w a PFE call smh
Just goes to show that NIO is being held up by bubble gum and toothpicks.

One person who’s been holding since $4 sells and that starts causing a lot of panic lmao.
Lucky I jumped in front of the Chinese train with short shares today lol citron made me feel like I am super right😂😂
I sold my NIO puts for 15k gains, they are worth 25k right now.

Gains goblin isn't gonna visit me tonight. LOCK IT IN NERDS.
Lol. O.. right before the dip.
Except these are the rapid antigen tests, their advantage is that they are fast (minutes) at the cost of accuracy. There are also PCR tests which are much more accurate (with practically zero false positive rate and very low false negative rate) but take a couple of hours. No idea why he would do 4 rapid tests instead of a PCR test, I'm sure with his money he can get priority at some lab.
[deleted]
I got in at 21 a month ago, retard. doesn't mean I like to see it drilling
You nailed it
Literally means nothing
I told you all not to buy chinese scam stocks and you didn’t listen
Citron does this literally every time with every stock that goes big. They wait until its ran for several days, get their shorts/puts in place, and post some FUD trash. After a day or two, the market realizes it was FUD and ignores it.
Accurate
[removed]
Sorry dude.
[deleted]
Holy shit, and I was about to sell my NIO 48 puts I bought two days ago. Too many emotions in this game 😭.
DKNG not getting me excited and now dipping :/
[deleted]
Sell quickly, theyre smashing earnings
NIO volume is 240m. In this rate it will reach 1B volume EOD.
NIO is a roller coaster today
Losin money man don’t rub it in
Nio is kill boyz
Great timing on the exit! That 2 min doji 30 after open raised my eyebrows too.
😂😂😂😂
Same
I’d be homeless and owe a house if bought Nio calls as you suggested.
wow me thinking I had no more chips for this casino.
Nio 53 eod
Wait till nio is down 10% before you buy back in
Yes get on now, next stop 43$
You better have sold
Hell yeah WBA baby
Guh ur speaking the truth
Selling volume on NIO lol
I couldn't buy puts fast enough at 52, way over hyped. Time to come back to reality.
Yes $52 actually
Hop in. Waters warm.

[https://ibb.co/8mP71wt](https://ibb.co/8mP71wt)
Gonna throw you bagholders a bone. Crayons say 45 might be interim support. If it doesn't hold it's beyond ugly EOD.
Already closed out of PTON to reduce losses and DOCU and PINS to lock in gains, I advice everyone to take the same precautions, SPY looks like she about trend down over the next 2 weeks.
3 years ago Citron put a target of $60 on SHOP and said that was generous... current price: $917 what kind of retard listens to them
Try 99%
Citron Pulls Plug On Nio, Says Valuation 'Can Never Be Justified'

Be careful
might be retarded. I’m banking on MAX news
Called the dump on NIO this morning and you gaylords didn't listen.
Dick = Smashed
Up 15% to down 20% in 10 mins... fuckk this
You are too smart for this place.
RING THE DAMN BELL
nio is gap filling back down to 25 don’t buy the fucking dip
[deleted]
Good ole citron..  making $$$$ on nio shorts
This hasn’t aged well.
NIO really just dropped 20% in an hour ouch
baba calls?
Why did NIO go down?
I don't know, but I'm going to stay. I'm convinced it'll bounce back next week after earnings. Even with the bottom dropping out, I'm still up 10%
Best part
[deleted]
I'm not aging well today either
whats going on with NIO
If you haven’t sold NIO by now you deserve this carnage greedy bastard
Rolled my nio profits into 80 @tvi calls 3/31/21. Cold War numbers are going to be fucking big. Over 300k viewers at 11am and the best streamers aren’t even on. Broadband numbers are through the roof in Europe because people are downloading Cold War. MMS own a huge amount of activision and have been keeping the price low for a while now sucking on option premiums but these fucks can’t hold it back once those numbers get released at the end of the month
[deleted]
All in fist to chest IM READY HOW BOUT YOU?!
Bought the dip
Just hit 9 bagger lol
I didn't FOMO on NIO for once, thank fucking god.
Hey guys, how’s your nio pump and dump going
guys, since this market is forward looking, shouldnt we just rush into the dow and value names that will get pumped every vax announcement
[deleted]
Once the selling stops...
??? Everyone bought at the top today or wtf?
Retard pump nio
[removed]
Wtf nio. The oracle was right. She said I'd fall in love with a dead man. I love you.... now, Get up.
Maybe I should have waited like an hour before buying something...
Jeez it just keeps dumping
Citron Pulls Plug On Nio, Says Valuation 'Can Never Be Justified'
Citron just finds overbought runners, takes a short position, tweets, and then exits on the pullback. They’ve tried it with SHOP when it was $200, NVDA when it was $170, PTON when it was $30...the list goes on. They’re shit. Just scalpers who can move the market because they got it right on Valeant right years ago.
Everything EV related is getting rammed right now
50c 12/18 60c 1/15 💎🖐
Look at all these retards crying about NIO

That did a casual x15 (1500%) within 6 months, grew more than double within the last month

You retards legitimately fuckin make me lol with your posts

I think we need a new trading competition
Lmao I knew to sell when NIO started dropping after I read that NIO is the most traded option in the market right now
Hope so just bought 270’s for 12/31
Out of NIO into SPCE?
[deleted]
Inverse WSB never fails. NIO🩸
CCL mooning for no reason, yeaaaa okay thanks for the putd
[deleted]
Time for margin
Diamond hands am I right 💎🙌🏽
Citron research has joined the chat
[deleted]
RIP
Today’s open was a pretty epic tech bull trap
I love days I don’t buy shit and just watch everything burn around me.
i am, there’s still earnings next week

profit taking today, but i feel like the run up continues
this retard right here
any retards buy NIO at 50? Lol
Lmfao at SOLO. Just tank. Get it over with.
It’s early still, it’s just a wee dip for the rich to get richer on by the end of the day.
Hopefully you bought those earlier....
[deleted]
Citron Pulls Plug On Nio, Says Valuation 'Can Never Be Justified'
NIO 42 EOD ??
IT WORKED BUT I ONLY HAD 2 CONTRACTS RIP
NIO!!! Says no one now.. 🤯
What’s up with Square smh
Lol bought FSR at 14.80 yesterday, sold at 18.07 this morning and I'll probably be able to buy back in at my original price before the weekend
what exactly is in your control? Is what you like or what motivates you under your control? Is your work ethic or your intelligence under your control? Are any decisions we make under our control, after all they're all a function of genetics and upbringing over which, as you noted, no one has any control.
Took my gains. The stock is dropping hard now so it looks like a good choice
Xtra kil now
Wtf SPY
Sold today at 50
You're up a lot more than that now.
[deleted]
 Dear Diary, 

Maybe I should’ve sold my lotto ticket at +280%. ER talks going well though. 💎👋🏻 for now

Xoxo, gossip girl
Lmao I bought NIO calls at $52 fuck me I guess
Simpson fan?
Yeah i learned my lesson too. Nvm listen to wsb retards. Goodluck on your next trade.
This fakking morning I can’t.
Well holding my ZM 500 call to death 😩
GUH
I expect to see a peter parker “mr.stark i don’t feel so good” meme soon. NIO on his forehead.
I sold my NIO calls at +7% super early today. I would've panic sold by now so thank God.
LMFAO i closed my nio puts at open.  Fuck you retards im sick of this dumb fucking game
I'm shocked that people are using this subreddit to manipulate idiots into buying stocks they already have positions with.  Shocked I say.

Didn't this sub start as a pump and dump playground?
[deleted]
I try to keep a strict no WSB when trading but this NIO collapse is too good
I should’ve sold all positions when I woke up, this turned from a Green Day to a fkin red Friday the 13th
Citron set price target at $25. Do with that what you will.
I meant I Shorted it.
Right here with the rest of the foam-fingers-in-finance
Yo can someone tell me what’s the price of that $45 NIO put expiring today that I sold this morning for nothing?
Friday the 13th indeed
Holy shit looking at it again you were almost right on the cent
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Big_Ole_t don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How ya feeling rn bud
Oh yeah it has been great and my pick DJ just took the lead!
Yeah, buying PUTS
Sry boys I bought tech calls
No
Pump and Dump 
Commies are taking away your money.
just made a 4 bagger on the NIO 48 put
this is the nio here boys
NIO can go back to 38 fill the gap
CRSR dipping under 28, good time to buy in.
Fuck u DRI get tf down to -5% ain't nobody eating in olive garden this winter
ABANDON SHIP NIO HOLDERS
Fuck Andrew Left. Bet hes buying shares right now
FUQ CHYNA
Nio is down
What’s the plan Stan? It hit $16. Were you up to deal with it sleepybot?
why visa?
[removed]
That’s a lot of value to lose in an hour, NIO
Lol iv is 200*
Good thing I sold NIO at the top yesterday bois. I learned my lesson after PFE
42 or 43 probably. sold at 50
F for nio call holders
So who dead ?
MM came i to the WSB reddit thread and saw everyone and their mama’s pumping NIO
Dip baby dip. I have put option from yesterday.
PUTS on NIO, TeslaQ is all over it!
Dude..its done.
Imagine not buying the EV dips
Looks interesting, do you just recommend that same portfolio? What broker?
Bodies by drowning pool just came on the radio. Spy drill incoming
Nah, more like this guy is the one fucking.
I'm in.
Sold premarket and now just buying back the dips on nio, li and xpev a couple of shares at a time
Big ol EV dip
It's not the covid test though, it's a covid test, and the most unreliable one at that.  Idk why he's not getting pcr tests instead, they're far more useful
Stand by my claim:

WSB @ 3:59 “why TF didn’t I buy NIO”

How smooth brain you gotta be to not see the timing of this Citron nonsense.
nio going under 20 where it belongs
Well who couldve seen that one coming
So that NIO dump killed like 80% of this sub based on comments yesterday?
It just went ITM. 0.01 to 1.5 last traded.
Buy high, sell low
I told you NIO puts
FSR holding up well on this dump for now
Cuckening
Citron be tied to that short game
NIO 🤮
i bought a few 30p for fun at like .9 to .84 shit is up quite a bit.

of course only a few hundred bucks but gains are gains? heh
Damn everyone getting out of nio
If you are not doubling down on your 11/13NIO calls, you should not be in this sub!
[deleted]
Iffy on FSR... they failed in the past, so whats new?
Last chance to get in NIO before it moons on earnings
to all the bagholders right now, stay warm
How can SPY still hold? Amazing.
1 day rotation back to boomer stocks
Now
I think it's just the market in general going down, rather than EVs specifically
congrats to everyone who just sold nio on that tiny dip hahahahaha
So glad I bought shares and not options. Losing $20 feels like nothing after I lost $600 playing amd earnings. Never again
REBOUND you sluts
Haha glad I didn’t buy NIO calls at open. Sad I didn’t but NIO calls at open yesterday 😥
I like it, may do similar trade but all a bit further out
Boomer stock in that it’ll actually make you money
But but but...it’s about connected experiences or something. Isn’t that worth trillions? Besides, you can’t connect with people on an iPad.
Definitely doesn’t look like it had an effect
Rip
[deleted]
Yes! If you say it enough times it will be tru!
Yea that is brutal.
Literally every time I reload my account I never have a green day.... What's even the point??
Wow I got so lucky playing nio perfectly today.

Will I buy the dip?
Jesus I got absolutely ROCKED by that Nasdaq dip. I got dicked down harder than Lana Rhoades wtf
Rip Nio call holders, me and my homies love dollar cost average investing tho
Gimme sloppy toppy 🥵
[deleted]
Set a reminder on this for 10 years lol, you don’t understand what the company is if you think it’s a car company
😂 I cried when I saw this comment
[I think 43 is right](https://imgur.com/a/vb16l96)
Still not at yesterday's lows, this knife is hot boi.
This week was easy mode but idk what the fuck the plays are today
Fuck Citron, all my homies hate Citron
EV DIP I JUST CASTRATED MYSELF
If you are not buying this NIO dip, you are reeeeee
Nio?
Aw right aw right.  Everyone calm down and get long NFLX 0DTE calls.
max pain Jesus fucking Christ 

I am startlingly retarded
~Schadenfreude~
Bought 700 shares of PLTR :)
[deleted]
alibaba does not move 10% in a single day my friend - it is a boomer stock. i’ll get in when it shows an uptrend
We all hypocritically look the other way in our support of EVs. Lithium has got to come from somewhere.
Hope everyone who downvoted me liked seeing this drop
Selling puts
If you didnt sell Nio yesterday after all ev stocks were up 30% hold this L. No sympathy for you
When you lose it all, just to be patient and gain it back. While some autust buys yolo at low and sell on open spike.
Jesus are you serious
Unplug and plug back in. Than wait 5 mins.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**GIS**|**$62.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.12**|**$60.76**|**3659**|**24**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgg65pf8het0720646508jn) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/TappyDev/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Ok I’m feeling less bad about my NIO 44p now. Thanks drill team
Why is NFLX dropping still, just Disney+ news?
🤡
XPEV LI NIO all red. Citron slayed them. Wow
Oh man these SOLO puts are about to print so hard, the Clown Car is running off the road!
Right, we’ve had to wait too long for the Masters. Great tourney so far.
dumbasses playing NIO are newbies who never saw the TSLA
Lmao nio is tanking. Wondering how many retards didn’t set up their alarms and didn’t sell.
Sold my nio 49 put for a loss an hour ago 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Nio climbing back up
whoever had nio puts is eating lobster tonight
Hey not so bad 20 minutes later
I'm not saying it can't. I'm saying it's (seemingly) unlikely to happen given company performance. There will probably be some sort of correction but any investor should already be prepared regardless of how well one position is doing.
i remember when i copped 100 space puts for cheap asf and hit a 3x on em
3am Mnuchins pumps
Sold NIO at the top, AMA...🥳😎
That sounds like simp talk to me.
Lol r/cultoftheblue whale is pumping AYRO on all the threads 😂😂🤣
Sold all my 47p when it 50 cus I thought it’d bounce all the way back up.. ;(
I have NIO shares, still profitable, should I hold this?
Maybe I'm a girl too?
&If you don't believe that, then I'll be exhibit A for your hypothesis lol
Excuse me what’s max pain I believe that’s what I’m feeling right now
bought UVXY 15 minutes ago at 13.20 as an hedge.

&#x200B;

^(Only thing is I'm hedging nothing because I don't have any other positions. So all-in UVXY)
Anyone think Jack and Xi are just playing us and the market, and BABA opens at 300 on Monday?
Nio-tards getting smoked
[removed]
[deleted]
Or, you do the opposite of WSB: sell in the middle of the fall, have the courage to buy back on the low, pray the it goes up again
Nice you’re probably rolling in tendies right now, was thinking of buying puts. Bought calls instead and paid the price.
Fuck solo
Wrong
Had some work to do, went from plus 3k to minus 500 in that time, NIO givith, and NIO takith away
NIO dying,
[deleted]
btw, i have puts
[removed]
NIO dip gonna get bought back up for earnings. Ride the earnings wave
Im fairly new to option trading. The higher the premium gets, the more I'm losing. I tried buying more calls but the - keeps getting bigger
 No
This was prophesied yesterday


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt6liy/retards_prophecy_part_1/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Alright which one of you retards bought at the top and panic sold?
Anyone else hopping on lyft? Going long, tendies await.
Hopefully you didn't pull the trigger on this
[deleted]
This aged well
EV pump and dumps lol
It's on occasions like this I wish I was a burger so I could trade options.
Awesome sound.
Prepare to empty your pockets
eh, maybe
Seriously. You know this market is rigged if NIO closes at 39.

Thats the max pain for this week.
HOLY SHIT NIO
They were never gonna b higher. Also these stocks are way overvalued right now.    
Nio is 4tb or 5th most valuable car company In the world lol    
I was looking at nio at 54 and thinking to short it but the IV was crazy. Would have had mad profits if I trusted my gut :-(    
Didn't want to bet against wsb momentum tho
Me. I haven't bought a call in a while, mostly been selling options. This is the one I decide to do. I'm an absolute retard.
Got out of FSR calls with a profit selling lower than when I got in, bought at open and sold just now lmao
Lolol everyone that downvoted my Nio correction comments.
well, gg nio. it was fun while it lasted. it’ll probably be up to 50 again eventually and i only have shares so i’m good, but rip to everyone with calls
Holy fuck Insane NIO dip. like insane
everyone did say they would take profit when NIO hit 50.
had to mostly teach myself because the information wasn't widely available. anything that was there was pretty basic. so the barrier is that it'd screen out everyone but autodidacts.
Yes, but do wait a few more hours - it'll be overly cheap
Citron price target $25
Dag. Thats a lot of lost money. I really should have sold.
I shouldn’t have doubled down on NIO, now what I’m losing serious money here
[deleted]
We made it!
sold nio 47 p at 1.80 

:(
Wow -15% intraday swing on NIO lol
its kinda weird that it took LI's ER to turn sentiment around but who the F knows with these pump/dump shit

or maybe cuz WSB's saturation level of Chinese EV ADRs have hit a peak on the front page
This is why your wife's bf picks up the tab when they go for dinner
u think? i feel like chinese ev gon be comeptitve now that they have so much liquidity and hype
Bought the dip on Li 3 times today. I'm gonna turn off my computer and cry while I hope for the best next week. Best for me to just not look at this shit anymore.
Gonna keep averaging down on $NIO calls. Shit is gonna be $60 next Friday
bye nio, see you at 60 next week
We didn’t listen......
[deleted]
Wtf is wrong with that stock
SPY is so far away from the fucking VWAP right now WTF
PLTR is boomer stock in disguise. Big fuck you to the guys pumping this lame
Thanks buddy I almost forgot, watch it bump back up to 50 now lol
looks like dip hard was the answer. why couldnt they have picked moon lmao
LMAO NIO
Nio is the least of your problems looks like nvda is going to stretch your ass
Wow this NIO rugpull may be the stuff of legends.
What are shares?
What about Monday?
Market gay as fuck today
https://imgur.com/gallery/5inD8lb bought the 5.5 yesterday and 7.5 today. I want my flair @mods
[deleted]
True 🤣🤣🤣
Who are we blaming today?
I told you I’m a prophet 


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt6liy/retards_prophecy_part_1/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
as a nio shareholder i actually want it to drop a bit.. so i can buy more shares 😎

also fuck PLTR you whack bitch
welp, I had cashed out at $6k yesterday and decided to hop back in the EV train.  Back to $1k
Visa Walmart Apple ... the boomer [safe] plays
[removed]
Anyone diamond 💎 🤲 Nio?
FOMOd into NIO this morning, why didn’t you guys tell me the short bus was already full?
WTF ZM just got castrated
Fascist dictators got no chill
holy shit you loser can you please please figure out you're/your.
NIO golden buying opportunity
People panic selling so Citron can buy in cheaper.
20% drop NIO so volatile
[deleted]
duh
Guys! I bought NIO puts yesterday and you called me retard. But I not retard, I smart bear.
Hi God it’s me again
is monday a holiday? if not why not monday?
Fuck Citron what do they know
I WANT NIO LOSS PORN
[deleted]
I fucked yo bitch in my Gucci flip flops
That is cute how you think everything is by the book. I wish we lived in a utopia.
Yes
How soon until we’re back at 50?
I actually had a 38 and a 40 put I sold. I bought them back because I am somehow scared that this shit drops below it at this point.
Cmon SPY go down like the little cuck you are. You know you like, you don’t deserve to be this high you piece of shit
That's what my dad said all those years ago...
Officer Jerry here 👮‍♂️. Don’t worry, I plan to arrest Citron in connection to first degree manslaughter of NIO.
NIO is hurting my chest
Trust your vibe. But got so many puts on it.
what does this mean lol
FUCK YOU CITRON
NIO is unamerican. NIO to $10 EOY
That was last week... who’s the sloppy one? 🤔
Told you so: 

  
**level 1Bellweirboy2 points· 1 hour ago**

**Be careful bois: there is a lot of short interest in NIO...**

**ReplyShareSaveEd**
[deleted]
Bulls aren't allowed anything nice. Looks like another bullshit day of watching our gains tick to negative.
BIGGEST FACTS I'VE HEARD ALL DAY.

My NIO puts printing 41.5p 11/20
NASDAQ BOUT TO GO RED
This literally applies to every stock in existence. You’re providing nothing insightful lol
FOMO killed
Today was the start. Earnings will be the Demise.
Serious?
[deleted]
285 BABA calls 12/18, sell or just bag hold until expire worthless?
Cash poor boy you’re gonna need it to pay poor boy bills
This aged well
I’m p sure most sold and took profit lmao
Just hitting pretty major support level at $8.53. Seems like $8 should hold it. This seems like a no brainer to scalp a little at the very least. It hasn't bounced at all yet today.
Holy fuck who shot everyone
bro, no one is going to buy that, like ever mayne
Nio dip?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I mean, it went up significantly yesterday and today. If you sold at open today you are a happy customer
Been in, bought cheap 3C 1/21/22 about a month ago.

See you in a year or so
😂😂😂 yea it was either gonna moon or dip hard
TSLA did the same dump on a Friday back in Feb after a massive runup like NIOs. Up 200% on puts bought this morning. Too fucking easy.
just make sure they are long dated and you good. they take turns popping. make sure you take profits when they pop. the ones that are red.. just be patient
[deleted]
VIX low but tech still dumping
All these little boys thinking NIO only goes up now have zero dollar accounts
Me too. I just had a funny feeling this morning. Didn’t sell at 53, but 50.5 AINT bad either
My 450 11/20 hopes you’re right
Warned everyone of NIO crash right before it crashes: Get downvoted and insulted so I remove my warning.  


Okay have it your way kids.
Drill team keep going I want to see NIO at 40$ in an hour
Hopefully this NIO crash wipes out the simps and only real NIO holders are left standing
The stock seems to behave as 3 rises and 1 dip. I'm unsure if this is the dip since it opened up swinging near 12%. You might want to look into pharmaceuticals since they just announced another Covid spike and there might be an isolation. A few phams are (supposedly/allegedy/exaggerating/idk) in the final stages of a vaccine.
It was written all over the wall so to speak. I rode her up now I’m ridding her down it’s been a good week
I think I’m gonna re enter nio now
I think we all know NIO 55 by EOD when institutionals will kick and start buying..

Right?
BREAKING: NIO to enter into a partnership with NKLA motors to develop gravity-assist drives for their stock price.
This is just the start. Wait until earnings.
there is no support for nio, there’s too much panic in the books
Citron Pulls Plug On Nio, Says Valuation 'Can Never Be Justified'
Uvxy rubbing its palms together looking at the markets overview chart
Oh yeah man, these +200% bags.
They hated Jesus because he told the truth

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5h8bt/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Not cool plug
I would buy actual shares instead of options if you want a shed instead of a house.
AMD is making me polyamorous 🤬
Umm can someone stop this dump please
Thank you sir, you just made me 4k! Long live my brother!
Realistically NIO will easily be past 55 before the end of the month. I’m not surprised it’s dipping now because it had gone up too quick give it some time and it’ll recover at a more natural pace
It is a clown car but I kinda like it
Sold Nio at 53, not bad ... I’ll take it. This beast will have another big run up to earnings tho
[deleted]
Why not? Because some analyst said to sell?
Anyone has good plays? I sold all my NIO at the top!! Any new companies? Probably for yolo
my puts hope... oh wait, they executed for profit right as I was typing this
Lmao 11/3 45p was a 100 bagger today. If you think you're dumb, remember there was some retard that sold it at 0.01 at open.
Big dump happening rn lmao
VXX getting a powerful erection?
NIO squad, when do we hop back on the train?
ZM calls was not the move
Yeah, I’m gonna need to drink my own tears since I can’t afford water anymore...
Say what you want, but people definitely going to buy the NIO dip for earnings. Calling rebound
What is going on today?
Citron Pulls Plug On Nio, Says Valuation 'Can Never Be Justified'

NIO PUTS GANG PAT YOURSELF
Just bought the dip, you saw the XPEV number and how China needs to fill quota to get EV in the market by a certain time
Sell!!
Buy the dip. It’s on sale
Upvote if you remember MSTC and DRYS days
RKT thinking Earth's core is nice this time of year
I have 4x 290/300c debit spreads for 2/21 and 1x 270c for the same date, if it hits 250 i will buy a 250c for the same date, I also have 20 shares
Me 👉🏽👈🏼🥺
RIP
Lot of plot twists to the day so far
# OH GREAT BEAR KING I SUMMON YOU WITH YOUR TWEETS TO CLEANSE THIS PLACE
[deleted]
Cmon guys friday is always selling day
Almost as annoying as Tesla’s been for the last year
Positions?
Smart man
Sold NIO while it was dropping. Phew. WTF YO
[deleted]
We're all wrong all the time but honestly you should be permabanned if you post some shit about "_____ crashing!!!1!" or "_____ mooning!!1!!!!" when it's specifically not doing that

And that includes futures you fuckin twats
EV rotation into American EVs
Every dog right at least once. Honestly the whole market dumping
It’ll just drop a little and run back up before earnings
[deleted]
lmao get fukt NIO bulls
Did NIO go bankrupt? What the hell is happening?
Insert the proverbial “Traders out to lunch” excuse.
Man, those premiums on the EV companies are nuts.
it shook me out, I was \*this\* fucking close to getting margin called after buying another nio call at the top
I want to sell some covered 11/20 40p NIO. Is that a bad idea?
Well ZM can officially suck my balls... 445c 11/20
Good thing I sold my 47p this morning at opening 🤡
Apple is useless
[removed]
bUy ThE diP
AH NOTHING BEATS THE MORNING SOUND OF NIO CALL HOLDERS CRYING THEIR LIFE SAVINGS AWAY ON A STUPID MEME STOCK
Fight back NIO you coward!
NIO
lmaooooo im so sad i missed out this time, but glad i aint get fucked raw
That's a first for this girl, but ill take it.
Citron was Bogdanoff this whole time.
I think you’re the autist. This is a healthy correction
haha nio fucking shitcoin
Looks like we are going to close red today.
Make sure you don’t make the same mistake i did a couple months ago and hold over the weekend with a high iv. Sell those calls and hold the shares id say but who knows im down like 3 grand this week because of stupid moves. So take it with a grain of salt lol
SOLO calls @ 7.5 puts at 5.5.  Can’t go tits up
Fuckin same bro I told everyone here to as well
EXIT!!!! LOAD THE PUTS!! HURRY
Is it time for NIO to go home
bought at 110 and sold at 112
[deleted]
On what
Bought  nio 50c FDs. Which me luck.
SQ you worthless sack of shit
Get wrekt. Just another day of down tech.

Peope are.freaking out because Citron pulled out and told every one else to.
[deleted]
Friday the 13th 🩸 Michael Meyers out for NIO bulls
[deleted]
They are in a country that tommorow could make it a law that chinese people can only drive nio cars, that trains and subs are gonna be made by nio...one law and nio becomes a 10 trillion company
EDIT: I think SPY is on a bumpy road next week therefore I do not believe DOCU time horizon is accurate anymore, While I am still overall long on the company I do urge people to lock in profits when they can and reduce losses when possible.
Imagine all the people living for today
Fuck citron
Am I really? Nio is down 14%
There is no functional difference between a 7 bagger and 10 bagger. Both will make you more money by reinvesting, and potentially get you to the same point, if you don’t incinerate the bags like a retard.
Imagine buying NIO at 54.20
Ooops
The original investors can pull their money starting on Dec 1 so that’s what I’m banking on haha with me luck
thank fuck, these NIO fucks were getting annoying spamming every single channel
1. Stimulus pump n dump
2. Vaccine pump n dump
3. EV companies pump n dump

Biggest scams of 2020
Holy crap NIO what the hell is going on
Seems like we rotating out of tech today
Things going red! But not cruise stonks! 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Red candles everywhere.
Nice. Bought DKNG puts just at the right moment
And as much as I don’t like getting stomped out that’s why I had a stop loss set.  Still made money.
[deleted]
Over 100 million exited
[deleted]
Why am I hearing the sound of a million cheeks getting clapped?
NIO bears been warning this scenario for the past 2 weeks. So they are right 1/10 as always.
Got out - I had to paper hand. risking way too much. Made a grand off that retarded ass play. Thank you for GL.

Also I still have 4 debit spreads. 2x 3150/3145p and 2x 3100/3095p
Got a couple 43p at the top myself 👍
Star buying NIO dip!!
Why haven't I seen any jokes using NIO and the matrix? Getting sloppy wsb
Lol
This loss porn is going to be the most deserving in a long time
Based of of a less than 3 hour time point analysis, I'd say you are 100% correct.

A dip of less than 5% is really a harbinger of the times.

Nio has NEVER dropped more than 5% and recovered with gains.

Everyone listen to this guy.
Ok you know what nio
Buying the NIO dip bc it's delish
You got lucky
1/21/22
NIO’s 15% swing 😮
so what's the plan?  You still holding?  Any chance it gets to 356 today?
A company that loses its value without its founder is not a company, but a circus.
TIMBER
I sold NIO at the top, AMA
i do feel bad for the newbies that bought at the top 😂
[deleted]
The CCP can very well crush the ANT IPO.  Minimum they are bringing a lot more regulatory scrutiny towards it, treating it more like a bank than Fintech.  

Ma essentially called out the CCP financial regulators and Vice Premier in a public forum.  

I'm tempted by BABA...but the regulatory overhang risk is really significant.
Picked up FSR March 22.5 calls. I’m just trying to make an honest dollar.
Holy shit you lot are so fucking sensitive about NIO 

YES LINE GOES UP AND DOWN. ITS A FUCKING STOCK MARKET
Jesus I’m about to go back down to where I started this week duck lol
You really are dumb tho
Buying the top for pltr yes that was me
Fck u Citron
I knew NIO would fall next week but not this soon. May God bless US stock market, May God save you all and may God protect our troops
[deleted]
How the fuck this piece of shit Citron can bring down a stock with a piece of paper.
Annnnnnny minute now
Wtf just happened to SQ?
PLTR baby
🎤🎹This is the end...🛀🎵🎵🎵
Bruh 😂😂😂
Maybe she's a gay bear
[removed]
the music stops on the NIO train . PIGS get slaughtered
positions?
PLTR. not looking good
should i catch a calll?
[deleted]
[deleted]
>certificate of deposits

That's not boomer, that's some silent generation shit
yikes looool thank god i got out yesterday at the top
Came here to see this.  Buy the dip?
Bought 49p expiring today after I saw it break below my trendline for the second time with a fat red candle. Was watching the charts and everything looking good. Then, a sudden need to shit hits me like a truck. I rush to the bathroom. I'm watching it on my phone but I can't see my TA charts. I see NIO popping back up and I panic. I sell off. After I'm done with my shit, I come back to look at my charts and my heart sinks. I shouldn't have sold. It didn't hit my stop loss. Now I'm sad. My 10% gain could've been a 5 bagger possibly more if this continues. It's way ITM now as I'm typing this
Welp, now I dont feel so retarded panic selling those $49 NIO calls yesterday
Nio says "look out belooowwww"
Which one of you bought calls at open?
What are you smoking? Buy the dip.
NIO was predictable. All FOMO, once the panic set in it all over.

Who knows where this will be in 2 weeks but I feel sorry for the retards who bought the top today. Meme stocks are high reward but very high risk.
This is the way. Open so many positions you aren't sure which way you want the market to move
Ok
[deleted]
And yet again I told y’all mother fuckers there would be a sell off and no one listened
Rip nios run
NIO PUTS PRINTING
Oh no people in shambles
SPY going go red at this rate..No buyers.
NIO 0dte 45p bought at the top are a casual 90-bagger
FEAR.
Why?
[deleted]
Lol nio tards
alright square fuck you
A non insignifcant portion of this sub is going to end up losing money on a stock up 100%+ in the past month. Incredible autism.
Expiration? 😂
DO IT WE'RE HERE WITH YOU
Why did I sell my fucking odte nio puts early :(
LOL
Don’t know , what leaps u got?
Boff
NKLA is the real winner here
Fuck Citron
You’re fucking kidding
Dont worry guys, NIO will bounce back any minute now!
DIE NIO, DIE!!! 😈
Only got left with 2 NIO calls out of lots of NIO and XPEV Cs. No regrets, I'll take all the gains. Not starting any new positions until Monday.
[deleted]
NIO just going out for cigarettes and milk... it’ll be back soon
Godamn it
this is the way
AYO HOL UP
They say it is worth $25 right now. All I needed to hear. When they say shit is overvalued, price drops. Bought 10 puts 12/18 $25.
Elon finna reveal a miracle for the Rona
Lmao it hit $54 I definitely do not feel fucked
I fucked up selling my nio puts fml
How will you feel if it actually does launch to 60 next week?
[deleted]
yes, leftists hate PLTR. so do libertarians. they'll have the same amount of power under biden, which is to say roughly the same amount of power they have now, which is none.

there's no bear case for PLTR

in addition to the government work they also started doing data shit for fiat chrysler in the last few years, and they've done a good enough job at a company that desperately needs shitloads of data sorted out because they generally don't know what the fuck they're doing internally (FCAU) that they can't afford to ditch PLTR like ever

they're good at what they do
I got downvoted this morning for saying buying NIO at 300% in a month was fucking stupid.
NIO 40p 11/27 and 32.5p 12/11

This will be very profitable but probably never itm.
Shows that rest of the market is strong
I got into the market around April and options was extremely easy, but only in a bull market or extreme bear market. Stocks is easy as fuck and you can actually consistently profit but you need atleast 2k to make anything decent
Let it recover 50 cents and then short/dump $2

Rinse and repeat
Holy fuck they are ded
GOODBYEEEEEEEE NIO 🥰🥰
Timber!
[deleted]
O fuck do I panic sell NIO I’m shacking
Dry ice is used to transport patient samples around the world daily.

It's at -78.5C

This isn't difficult to do at all.
I’m wrong
[deleted]
Sold my li puts WAY too early but 5k is 5k! Thanks idiots!
I think we are owed NIO loss porn for all the spamming we had to endure.
Sell nio
I looked at solo but AYRO is priced better
Red in the electrical (vehicle) room. I saw him kill! Sus!
This didn't age well
[removed]
No, I day-trade TQQQ options.  So yay, my IRA is happy, but boooo my TQQQ yolos are sad.
catch this NIO knife
whos loading up on ual and airline calls for next weeks vaccine pump? imma put 1k into otm fds 11/20 in aal and ual, cannot go tits up
Imagine not selling at open on Friday the 13th...
Gapes as big as in Brazzers.
I mean that's not research either.
[deleted]
Yeah, imma hold NIO untill end of the day. Everytime I sell, I immediately regret it.
I'm holding my far dated puts bro
👆🏽👆🏽
NIO bags flamin lmao
NIO just started though lol
DOMP EET ⚰️
Well, between it and MSFT you'd think so..
25% of my portfolio is in 100 BABA shares @ 274$ and I’m considering to sell another 25-35% of my portfolio and buy more BABA if it dips even more. The things I’d sell (in order from what I would sell first to what I would sell last would be NET at 20% profit, oil at 10% profit, AAPL at 3% loss, Green energy at 5% profit. 

Would that be completely retarded?

This would buy me at current prices up to 165 shares and bring my average price to 263.5$
It is overvalued. Nio isn't popular here in China. Have you ever been to China?
More NIO
Paper hands getting out. Big money will use this as a buying opportunity. It’s going right back up.
After every huge NIO jump there is a solid pullback. Going to get some puts and then switch back to calls next time I see that
🦘 🦘 🦘
Why couldn’t they wait till Saturday. They just want to buy on Tuesday before earnings puts Nio at $75
Oh no. NIO is back where it was um, yesterday.
Yes...
Clown emoji + Car Emoji
Yes. You also have unlimited day trades on the day you go over 3 so might as well go ham
Algos pump and dump.....repeat.  Making their owners rich.
[removed]
~270,000 volume on NIO calls from 50 to 60 TODAY!! Even if half are close outs - very unlikely - theta gang is about to fucking eat today.

RIP. Not really, tired of hearing about this bullshit boutique company.
BA short squeeze incoming
So it would seem, so it would seem.
I’m so sorry
seems like unity gang is the only one winning today, however there is no one in the unity gang
Oh God it's still Thursday night. I've made some poor decisions.
yes
Stop pumping your shit electric tricycle company
lets refocus on NVDA and AMD
[deleted]
No way fam, this happened literally this week and it had a major run right after, earnings coming
[removed]
2min

Edit: also 180d MEA
My “portfolio” makes no sense... random puts and calls all over the place. One of these babies has to hit, right? 🤷‍♂️
whoever bought puts on NIO is gonna be filthy rich
Nah, at 10% sell a CC even further out to mitigate your cost and lock in some gains. That is what I have been doing.
F
AAPL and TSLA been signaling it all day.
Citron Research (short selling firm) released a short report on NIO less than an hour ago. PT at $25. Nio went from +10% to -1% after this.
[deleted]
Right I’m staying away from it myself, but now is the time to double down on calls if you believed in it yesterday. No conviction here. Lol
Fight back NIO!
You were right!
Byeeee NIO hope you find your dad
Jd dropped from 90 and returned to 90. Im wondering if its not crazy to think baba will return to w90 at least by Friday given how fast jd recovered
No one tell him.
Spy showing a blatant ceiling. starting to smell like bear market
Guess I belong here
17%+ intraday swing for XPEV, 11% for NIO, and 25% for LI

honestly it'll prob continue to rocket cuz of upcoming expectations on NIO's ER cuz thats how this works right?
What strike you thinking? I picked up Jun-21 310s
Massive selling for weeks on Apple and Microsoft. If that doesn’t tell you what’s coming Idk what will.
Now put it all in pltr
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jsoucy27 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Just open a spread
NIO F
Spy green with most of its top components red..
NIO up 15%: BUY BUY BUY

NIO down 10%: SELL FOR LOSS

Lol never change WSB. 😂
people with nio leaps, we holding?
SOLO showing a good floor at ~6.25, time for y'all to rotate in those NIO gains lol
I sold the top in NIO, AMA
Diamond hands
Will these 39 11/13 NIO puts print? We shall find out
Right?! Oh look I’m up $1500! I’m amazing! Go to total and I’m down $17000
Going after a fucking 10 bagger smh I was up 700% and held
HOLD
I never buy any gay BABA calls again
SPY hanging at the edge of the cliff right now 

free fall soon
Damn...  Bought them at close yesterday.  That insane open screwed me.
Yes I am feeling it right now. Kept buying the dip and I'm down 44%
naisu
Any GM news and you’re toast. But Godspeed, not the worst bet
CSCO getting out of EVs...Rotate in.
I came alright
[deleted]
Every time I think i’m out of the water on my TSLA put credit spreads new competitor ev news comes out lmao
Just got it at 48 ;)
Buy the Tesla dip
DKNG is basically a seasonal company in an industry that doesn't really belong to a current sector and IPO'ed in COVID year of all years.

DKNG is the last stock that you should try to apply logic to movements following earnings. No one knows how a company like DKNG should be valued or what metrics beyond the $$$ investors should care about.
...no shit, no one expects them to be.
Short jd?
[deleted]
Your bag holding, I’m bag holding, SPI has done fuck all.
Lmao you clowns spamming NIO last night all got fucked
Umm...nio $35p odte?
They will if their customers all die
And yes,  this is after taking profits.  I had set up and adjusted my stop losses and only a few minutes later the sell-off happened,  so I secured my gains.  

Not many positions now that I cashed out but 3x PLTR 2/19 $16c and FSR 2/19 $15c
NIO you may crash and buy now. Half my call profits in puts now
All the boys who sold NIO and XPEV what are we buying??
Same I rotated my 10 bagger NIO call into puts
[deleted]
Yeah
-9%, my friend!
Sold my 41c at yesterday's peak and bought 49p I'm in the money :)
upboat if you remember the SPCE days
hahahaha I'm still feeling some kind of flash rip again, the EV stocks are beyond logical
No good joke
No
[deleted]
Yay NIO I have no position in battery stocks but good thing I really pondered this morning about emerging competitors to take away your market share
holy fuck RIP NIO
Always with the scenarios
I’m up 30k on NIO. Bought it based on fundamental analysis, dog shitting on the right side of the garden.
Rip
NIOOOOO NOOOO
GMs track record is shotty so I guess you're right NKLA should fit in well. GM doesn't know what they're doing either. The EV Hummer they showed off doesn't run either they said. They won't have a working one in time to fully test it like all the other vehicles. On top of that why didn't they invest in the EV game sooner?
[deleted]
This. Hits so hard.
i’ll buy nio when it hits 41
[deleted]
All those NIO piggies getting spanked lol
Nice, I almost shorted this morning but pussed out
Ummm I used my 3 day trades this week already, can I still sell my NIO options, get flagged as a day trader and get my money out?
LOL at anyone buying the NIO dip
Nice. I’m only in AMD. Taking a small hit today.
Opened at almost 39 pumped to almost 41 and then poof
Dude move on
NIO FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!
This price action very sus
I’m gay
Lol, today is gonna be a bad day....
BUY NIO NOW!!!
Yes.
Most of these posts make me happy to work at a job where I’m barred from making direct stock purchases, but this is one of those times that makes me wanna quit, take a job at Denny’s, and yolo my paychecks
[deleted]
Blows my mind how people sell Off analysts prices lol
[removed]
Thank yourself for being a greedy dumbass
Glad i took my nio profits at open.
[deleted]
Which autist here sold 11/13 45p at 0.01 at open?
SPY looking weak AF
BABA has to go up eventually right? 

Jack isnt just sitting in his house thinking " oh well I cant IPO and the government hates me now, I think Ill just play with myself until I die and fuck this company"

Any thoughts?
[deleted]
e bot
until it shoots up 10% in a day when people come to their senses how undervalued it is
Just came here to see you guys crying about $NIO
Nice, I sold some NIO shares and put it into a stock that is going down at about double the rate lol. Lovely.
"I can't watch anymore." - Obi-Wan
WOW that was a reversal
Imagine selling nio
Nobody tell him
Of course, NKLA up 8%
NIO MAX PAIN for 11/13/2020 is drumroll

39

DOUMP EEEEEEIT
Wanna open puts on NIO but I’ve learned the hard way to not mess with memes
BABA and AMZN dropping! Cases rising...as if BABA/AMZN will swing to losses when this pandemic is over!
Citron with the big nope
FAAMG Gangbanged
You can literally set your watch to dumps 1030-1100
I mean I’m fairly sure that’s what he’s saying? 

He’s just not sure of it yet. You guys are being extremely hypercritical of a reasonable skepticism which given the stats of the page work out to be almost a 50/50 chance
Bring out your dead🔔🔔
Bought the dip on wday. Consolidating right at its 50 day sma with earnings next week. Could get a good gamma pop
Wait what
That's cool. I bought both my homes outright and am 42. Never have these feelings you obviously struggle with. You still can change.
been playing with mine for a week now, fuck that i aint no simp. Sold at 3% gain :(
[deleted]
They’ve massacred our boy
Imagine needing NIO to go to 54 by EOD to break even 🤡
[deleted]
I felt retarded for selling my NIO calls at open but I no longer feel that way now lmao
Is it right time to get NIO calls
Gay bears go to hell!!
EV aint going anywhere just sit tight i know red is scary but use your brains
Whaddya mean, that's what caused this.
Y'all dumb as hell if you think NIO is "done" lmfao
remember when SLV gang said it will be $50 by eoy? LOOOL
Wait so FSR reports earnings on 11/25 😂
Im looking at SE. it’s Singapore but still. Same people lol.
Hey i’m still new to the stock market but i love the memes here. Can someone explain in the most brutally honest way as possible if NIO is worth holding on to?
what about LI Auto? I got a contract with them as well. If Nio goes up then LI Auto goes up correct?
if ur looking for a good place to stash ur NIO tendies, buy DIS
BUY THE EV DIP
I mean, if I were that age, I'd want to be pulling in like 4% with little to no risk, tbh. Losing your ass at 67 is no joke. Gotta pay the electric blankie bill.
One of the MMs might have seen this post.
Lol NIO dropping so fast Yahoo dropped resistance down to 0
Which chart do you use? 5min?
I sure hope none of you NIO holders are being pussies and getting scared by this little pullback. It will be 100 within a month or two
what the FUCK is spy DOING
Thanks! I must have missed this. Appreciate it
[deleted]
NIO volume is already double the average. Still 5 more hours to go.
Your train is derailing
Who bought nio calls at the top?
#You guys gambling with CCP stocks are Day Traitors.
LI went red after being up 27% this morning, wowza
My biggest investments are: BRK, SPG, PCG, GME; all of which I got from here. I'm not going into fucking NIO
Can't believe my NIO $44p might make some money, shit looked dead in the water last night. Wish I held my $43c til open instead of selling yesterday afternoon, though
Loaded up on NIO/FSR puts
Wow if you bought nio puts at the top today, you are raking it in
Just what I was hoping for. Still not going to buy in until Monday though.
How do you sit there and see all these memes on WSB about NIO and *not* sell calls or buy puts?
There will be BLOOD on Friday the 13th!! I've warned you last night!!! 💔
Rotation out of communism
just a few stocks if I notice a pattern, do you have any consistent ones?
BUY AES BUY AES BUY AES 

THIS IS MY ONE AND ONLY WARNING. 

I CALLED FISV, I CALLED CVS, I GOT IN BABA LAST TIME IT WAS $262. I GOT IN PYPL DURING THE SEPTEMBER DIP.

AES IS GOING TO THE MOON. LOOK AT THE OPTIONS ACTIVITY. THIS STOCK HOLDS $20 STORNG.
before noon if not 10:30.

&#x200B;

A PROPHET!
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/markyboy_1999 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you don't sell when a stock is up 10% you belong here.
Lol Citron with the hit Job on Nio
sq making upside down batman
Are we buying this dip damn fuck shit
Fuck man
Alright, maybe no V shaped recovery today LOL.

Panic sell so I can sell some juicy puts
you fucking retards relax
alright guys who bvought the nio top let's hear it
If the prophecy is right, NIO’s still closing +8% this PM after the usual morning dump. 

But hey, wouldn’t put a DIME on it, you just can’t do with logic with these guys.
nah better to miss opportunity than lose money trying to average down
Quit the panic selling ffs!
When do you think you well sell your puts? I was thinking of selling on Monday
guess the prophecy is coming true finally.
Apparently all it takes is for one guy to say the stock is valued at a certain price and everyone decides that it’s fact
Holy fuck its 2025 already
22
I bought nio calls at +10%
Printing brother
Duck played too much nio and lost bigly after being up bigly
Li with a casual 25% drop
Sold my NIO puts for 300%. A quick 15k 😋😋 gl everyone.
Citron is retarded but Hindenburg isn’t. They exposed the gravity powered NKLA lol. They then applied that same technology to the NKLA stock price.
Elon's goal for Tesla, which he is explicit about, is to start the EV revolution. He frequently says he wants competition as that will signal it's working.

EV revolution: starts

Competition: exists (maybe)

WSB: trollol Elon getting owned

Also who cares I'm long TSLA, NIO, XPEV, TAN, CRBN, PBW. I will be surprised if all these Chinese EV meme stocks are still relevant in 6 months, but that's the game and why I'm not yolo into any
oof that nio crash is tough...luckily solo is still holding strong ✊🏽
Those $40p 3/21s I bought yesterday for NIO looking smarter by the minute
Nah. Not feeling cool. SPY looks suspect. 
Rolled my MRNA otm calls to next week they’re not announcing today. Closed a couple positions. Jacked up on SOLO monthly puts, and added some SPY ITM puts 0DTe, draft kings 0dte puts. Not feeling the vibe, bulls and consumer confidence lacking.
lol what was LI's open again? jesus christ that premarket got a lot of ppl probably.
>Chinese e-commerce droppin?  

Been dropping ever since CCP came out with draft rule targeting monopolistic practices by BABA, JD, etc.  

Also came out with another draft rule today targeting livestream advertising, which apparently plays a big role in retail purchases there.
Thinking QQQ 300c for 11/20 at EOD
Apple is literally going back to ATH and people want to talk about puts? Hope your future children like food lines.
My bad I bought NIO, I’ll sell now so it goes back up.
Sure they can. But when a company issues new stock, it's usually for a reason that will increase the value of a company, which will offset the dilution. Many CEOs and other upper management won't purposefully decrease the share price for no reason because they're compensated via stock options. It's in their best interest to increase shareholder equity...
Got out near 50 never looking back
[deleted]
Loading up on UVXY calls only way I can maybe profit off this mess
Nio reminds us again to take profits when profit is being taken
Me
Calls on small soft cocks
Did I seriously time my Li put to perfection? How did it dump so fast!
battery day 2: electric avenue
RIP half of this sub

Bogdanoff has awoken
Door dash wants to go public but they should have done it months ago not right before vaccines are about to come out
Update: we printing
🐷 🐽 🐷
What happened to xpev 😭
Oh boy
Li almost down 25% in 20 mins lmao
This is about to tank, sell side pressure is huge for this early in the morning.
Jejas cryst
nio puts expiring tday is a good choice
NIO is going BACK to the moon
 **10 minutes in and going strong** 

Me too.....no wait.
Saw NIO was down had to cum here real quick
They aren’t called NIO “BLOOD RED FRIDAYS” for nothing
No one ever made real money in the market by having weak hands. Just think back to how many times you sold too early only to leave big gains on the table....then fomo'd back in at a higher price.
Lol analysis.
[deleted]
Did you buy it on a whim? Or did you research it and thought it was a solid Chinese company?
[deleted]
damn I almost bought NIO today when it was vertical. I am glad I'm retarded and bought PSTH stocks and SQ calls instead
Who is the big brain genius that grabbed Puts at 54?
RKT will save us
[deleted]
Bag holding
die nio dieeeee, see my post history
Is NIO really dipping because some asshole from Citron said it was going to $25
[deleted]
DKNG can’t break 45 SMH 🤦‍♂️
Didn't age well.
[deleted]
Puts on BD?
think its worth buying nio calls end of day?
Im bullish on Chinese EVs but why are they dropping so much? Any news?
[deleted]
NIO IS NOT BACK BY THE CCP, IT IS ONLY HEFEI GOVERNMENT, A 2ND TIER CITY
If you short AMD you hate women
[deleted]
NIO dead. Moving to PLTR
Nio put gang ASSEMBLE
I'm holding shares, I'm not betting against the CIA.
wow bye nio
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO STFU
Can’t afford rope if you just keep buying the dips. *taps head*
TIMBRRRRR
5k to red Jesus fuck NIO fuck u
I'm going to buy some without even googling them
NIO
NIO gonna cause the next market crash
BUY THE NIO DIP !
[deleted]
[deleted]
Citron telling people to take profits... so they can buy more... classic
Plug power bitches. Cloudflare. Cvs. Tqqq 

I’m bullish as fuk
you guys i sold my xpeg puts for calls at 10AM on nio/xpeg and li. so sorry I made them all crash. Take that you autists
happy diwali
sold em for a 300% gain before the short raid phew
Same smfh I woke up 10 mins later
its dead
Love to make money on $52 calls and $48 puts for NIO on the same day.
Rug pull on the EV big three. Bye bye
ya'll were soo busy celebrating NIO you forgot to check the 

"is literally everybody on WSB buying this?" indicator
Sorry I’m retarded and forgot to include positions, I bought NIO calls like everyone else yesterday

2 contracts $50c .98 sold for $2.80 

9 contracts $52c $.50 a contract sold for $1.80

1 $55c for $.13 sold for $.90
NIO wiping out half this sub 😂😂
sorry guys i bought NIO Calls.
Lol wtf is that xD
aaaaand now!
I'm not fucking selling. Citron can suck my sour dick.
TL;DR?
I’m not gonna buy NIO puts
What will NIO reach next week? Surely it’ll go up pre earnings
I just typed "msft cock" into google instead of msft stock. Could this be a sign? 🤔
As a Reminder. i been telling you guys for a while.

The max pain for today on NIO is 39.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Thicc_wrist don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I like to sell a portion to cover the cost basis, then I'll let the rest play out (for free essentially). But today I sold everything in 1 go
Who yolod more than 20k on nio 11/13 this morning? Longer leaps ppl, ur playin w fire on the FDs lol
This NIO dip making me real nervous 0_0
[deleted]
PLTR quit fucking with me
Might be the first time I've sold at the top and bought puts for profit. Tgif13
Been in since 14, out at $48.50 🤷‍♂️
You guys know there are companies that make shit other than EVs right?
massive nio profit taking engage
Fuck that piece of shit lemon company and fuck you 🌈🐻
These fluctuations in these are scary as hell. I've seen XPEV jump 50 cents in one update three times in a row
Shit got old quick
Well, theres your dip for everyone that wants to play NIO earnings next week
[deleted]
Wait, we're back to trading off fundamentals?
I guess no DKNG bulls left on this sub - not a peep on a day that it moons on earnings!
anyone else getting in on Moderna... im considering
RIP to anyone who held NIO. Sold my calls and shares after it broke through VWAP.
Are you holding tqqq shares?!
[deleted]
[removed]
RUH ROH
Same, sold at the tippy top
Stop playing RKT bro, it’s a piece of shit stock. Good company but a apiece of shit stock. Get in PLTR
Is it worth trying to scalp without day trades by locking in the trade with a spread?
Citron is a murderer.
annnnnnd look at that, all you speculating clowns are going to get slaughtered on Nio.  Chinese EVs are one of the worst mini bubbles I've seen in a loooooong time.  This is like watching fools getting slaughtered on dogshit like Pets.com, eToys, and WorldCom back in the day.
if you don't know that SLV is dropping to 12 eom, you should get yourself checked for retardation
Gonna re enter nio at $45
What’s going to help AAPL break the $125 price?
Because I bought calls
this is wack AF, but i have faith NIO will bounce back before 11/20
Right?! I timed that top perfectly
Citron just gave NIO a 25 dollar price target and said that the current price cant be justified
Didn't' say I was. Just think that we should keep things they say accountable/grain of salt.
Fuck
sold my calls for 300%
CITRON research gave them a price target of $25. Toilet paper hands are collapsing
[deleted]
I'm a wise man now with less hair
Bye NIO
You are correct. This is what is happening now. I will in the future only post fairy tales.
NIO 300% my worthless account on Monday. Now -95%. Oh man
Who pissed off the Nio MM’s?
dont forget to laugh.
3080
Places for possible NIO bounce is at $45.80 and $40.40. After that, might see $20.

Source: I'm guessing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wtf is happening to NIO, I thought it only goes up
I’m only saying this cause I bought at $53. Fuck off
Imagine not selling your expiring NIO calls at open when it was up 10 percent
One word...DUH!

Their sales are dwarfed by Tesla. That’s expected.
Good night sweet NIO :(
NIO took elevator up, free fall down.
SPCE is the future. Long term on that bitch
LMAO
Taking a fat dick up the ass with NIO. Gotta love it
Don’t take any investing advice from this sub
well shit guess they were listening
Its pretty early to celebrate dont you think?
I drew random lines in crayon across SPY chart. It will definitely be moving in a direction.
Not so cash money of nio
Buy the DIP of NIO pussies
So much for all that NIO spam bullshit last night
[removed]
Gods Speed to you. What's your break even on those?
You just made bread
[deleted]
I’m just wondering why you bank with shit bank TCF. Although I guess at that amount of money it doesn’t matter where you bank so it’s a rhetorical...
No
Is Xi on his period or something? My buddy punched me on the nuts and we just laughed it off. Sticks and bones may break me but damn the ccp is a moody bitch.
Same same
Man, these NIO puts are a beautiful thing today
Why is robinhood lines blue
Isn’t that going to be a bit of a problem with a president that gives a shit about the environment?
Buy the dip!!
[deleted]
yes
It's NIOver
[deleted]
Wtf is spy doing
Is it though
VIX pretty damn sad
[removed]
NIO 👀👀
Nio has terrible fundamentals. It was considering bankruptcy in like February lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
BABA calls getting ass blasted
big oof if you didnt sell nio at the top.
Youre missing AYRO on the list
Sooo puts ?
Anyone into FCEL? Seems like a good idea for leaps
Why have you forsaken me 😢😢
[deleted]
So does Ma
Always inverse WSB. NIO puts printing. IV is insane though
Sounds like something a 🐻🌈 would say
When does nio crash crash ? 46?
Thank Christ I sold my Li position at open
fuck me, thank god i sold
Nio loves all bulls and bears xD 💚❤
Alright NIO is fucked, it was fun while it lasted boys
Lmfao I sold my NIO calls at the top thank god. Too much of a bitch to buy puts though
Lol
Is this the day NIO kills WSB?
This is the fuckin way bruh inverse these guys
How much will nio drop though that shits a meme
[deleted]
Seems like a really unstable stock in general, I could see it going up long term but predicting short term seems like a gamble
A profit is a profit man, not many get gains like that, and you should be happy, that was a great play.
No never again
Oof, NIO dropping like a sack of Chinese nuts
NIO is kil
So glad I got out of my NIO calls an hour or so ago.
NIO CRASH
THANOS SNAP
DKNG looking like it’s phd’s are running out.
Keep selling NIO yessssssss
Imagine buying NIO today 😂😂😂😂😂
nio $40 today
[deleted]
what is the probability you get a positive result after 2 negatives and a positive result on a test that has .9% false positive rate, and 1% of the population is infected. Go.
I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya 

I told ya
The fuck is going on?
Well it was fun while it lasted bois
STOP STOP THEY'RE ALREADY DEAD
Tesla not being tesla
NIO is died
CRSR is confused but he has the right spirit
Remind me nextweek
Shoulda sold at open god damnit...
If I hold maybe it will print..... can’t be any worse than this shit show
^DJIA!!!
I sold my paper hand puts way to early smh
They probably said that about Japanese, and then Korean, cars many decades ago.
LOL NIO
I am sofa king retarded
yes , i do not know enough about options to trade them.
LOL was up 2k in five minutes on SOLO, couldnt sell, now im up 100 bucks. Very fun
Yes
[deleted]
Anyone want to buy my Apple 18.5p?
Yea we went red officially, might have to sell some puts
this is the way
damn... now you might be right
Damn look at NIO. So inspirational.
I mostly day trade shares, because I am not very smart and lose with options.
You already had your shot at 53, it's 43s turn now.
This is why I’m on WSB bro...
Die u commie bitch
everyones changed their mind about the future of transport
[deleted]
Lmao at people hopping trains

Don’t you know the next big EV company is SPI
fucking RKT
Yeah ima big autist for not selling 🤦🏾‍♂️
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/JuiceBoxRL the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
[removed]
SPY apparently got AIDS from Bears last month
And lolz were had
Red alert the NIO party is over
Moderna vaccine next monday
Ended up buying SOLO and NIO. Gotta learn somehow so let’s see how it goes
Literally up 7% today after being red after hours and premarket, what a crash
NIO getting into electric drills
[deleted]
You guys hear the news about nio yet? Doesn’t look like it
Fuck you
Yea Jack Ma went and ruined a lot of portfolios.
I’m with ya. I’m in fsr and PLTR instead
Wow, I so vindicated with these NIO puts.
Lmaoo what you tryna to do? Spread some panic or what hha
SHIT
XPEV wtf. shoulda sold at 50
Yeah LTM sales multiple is 48x. But LTM does not matter for growth - I'd say its prob 20x next twelve month sales.
That’s why they’re here
Yes, but you need a decent amount of capital to make it worthwhile.  That’s why most of these guys are doing options
Positions? I’m likely holding HD but can’t average down any more today.
3x AMZN 3100p 0DTE. stress to the max
My NIO puts just came
Lol citron shitting on NIO. Why lol prick move
Have you looked at CARR? They have the means to transport and store the vaccine. Let me know what you think
Exp/price
HAHAHA DIE ANNOYING NIO SHILLING RETARDS AND DONT COME BACK
Annnd there it goes lol
How!? Why sell this quickly if you just bought today
LI March puts
Friday the 13th NIO massacre 🔪 🩸
[deleted]
NIO puts printing
im just gonna catch the knife on NIO to make up for the fomo
Yeah Jack Ma definitely came up as a much bigger idiot in that “debate”.
He's right. If you check the financials on this company you will see they are not even profitable yet.
I also question this... not saying that you are wrong... just that assuming that the test will have the outcome of having enough people self isolate is a huge stretch. As I was mentioning in the previous comment, a false negative test might encourage enough super spreaders to go around spreading it with the claim that they tested negative. When otherwise, not having the test might make them self isolate if they were diagnosed with only their symptoms.
That shit is gonna print money when the bubble pops
NIO puts
Thanks nio?? Control your greed lmaooo
Corona lockdowns are here for at least another six months, how long until tech bounces back?
slowly average in. if you try to predict the bottom you’ll miss every great opportunity.
[deleted]
Try - 340%
Fuck man just pick a direction
Citron costs this sub millions of dollars today
🤡
MP Materials. Rare earth mining in US.
What’s the point in saving lives if people die from car crashes too?? Check mate scientists!

Do you realize how fucking stupid you sound
This entire sub:

*buys NIO when it hits 12%*

*sells NIO when it’s at a discount and you should be buying more*
SOLO!!!
Move from nio to baba pls... My calls need it
they have 4 wheel vehicles, specifically for deliveries (hello amazon) and even refridgerated units. theyre like asian mini trucks but EV
So... You want 

NIO < 30 

Not NIO > 30
RKT you really are a cunt aren’t you
[deleted]
“Market researchers”
NIO RED
Nio back to 25 today?
Nio 53 EOD
NIO, you restored my account to pre-September crash levels, and that’s all I can ask. Thanks babygirl <3 until next time.
This exactly is what blew up almost all my profits for the year, went from up 140% to only up 20% as of today, but I'm buying the baba dip with 3 month out contracts, we will see what happens
And the train explodes.
Puts
I found some Google AMP links in your comment. Here are the normal links:

 - [https://www.bloomberg.com/tosv2.html?vid=&uuid=f9ca81d0-25c7-11eb-bdab-2f46297e82d3&url=L25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wOS0yOC9jaGluYS1zLXRvcC1jbGltYXRlLXNjaWVudGlzdHMtbGF5LW91dC1yb2FkLW1hcC10by1oaXQtMjA2MC1nb2Fs](https://www.bloomberg.com/tosv2.html?vid=&uuid=f9ca81d0-25c7-11eb-bdab-2f46297e82d3&url=L25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wOS0yOC9jaGluYS1zLXRvcC1jbGltYXRlLXNjaWVudGlzdHMtbGF5LW91dC1yb2FkLW1hcC10by1oaXQtMjA2MC1nb2Fs)

 Beep Boop, I'm a bot. If I made an error or if you have any questions, my [creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/6b86b3ac03c167320d93) might check my messages.  
 [Source Code](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot) | [Issues](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot/issues) | [FAQ](https://laurinneff.ch/2020/10/17/nogoogleampbot/)  
Why does this bot exist?  
Google does a lot of tracking, which many people don't want, so they use alternatives to their services. Using AMP, they can track you even more, and they might even replace ads with their own, stealing ad revenue from the site's owners. Since there's no consistent way of finding the original links from an AMP link, I made this bot which automatically does it for you.
What spy puts to buy
Damn OP. I can't read and yeah that was dickish.  Looks like my early morning ass needs coffee before speaking.  Sorry to be an asshole.

Edit can't spell or read today*
i sold, just cause im not sure what they r going to announce.
Fuck you :(

There is still an hour :D
Both
Fuck because of you 🌈🐻 it’ll take a few hours for NIO to get back to where it was
What did I miss? Cruise lines going up. Chinese Ev and e-commerce droppin?
Does anyone just day trade shares instead of options? If no, why not?
Bullshit, Chairman Poobear is standing behind all EVs as part of the 2060 green initiative

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-09-28/china-s-top-climate-scientists-lay-out-road-map-to-hit-2060-goal

State central planning planted a millions of trees in the Mongolian desert turning it into a forest. Don’t underestimate the power of the Central Committee
This is not okee dokee
Shouldn't have bought nio. Sold at $300 loss ugh
Nio dipping sauce for my tendies
Yea I think you played it perfect I have a feeling it’s going to crash even harder next week in ER.
I think they're gonna do well for this console release then slowly fall as things really go into 100% digital within the next 5 years
How's your gut feeling now?
this image should be the sub channels background image
Lmao!!!
Went from up 128% in the day to -34% thanks nio
[removed]
Eh I didn’t have the balls to buy calls for the EV darlings so here I am trying to day trade PLTR options. $18 EOD pls
go long. can't lose.
Until Jack Ma goes and gives schlop to Xi.
Threw my entire portfolio into nkla 19.5 puts expiring dec 11. Wish me luck
Y’all got room for one more retard? I got my helmet
NIO about to go red 

🤡 bag holders for dayssss
Shut the fuck up fgt
NIO calls or puts?
i mean there is no dip its just drill
NIO will be $35 Tuesday. I’d say “bet on it,” but I have more money than god in puts that is currently sky rocketing since last week. Check the post history if you want the DD
Anyone in on FVAC?
Which one of you unfortunate fools bought my 0dte 11/Friday the 13 $56.50c on ORCL at the absolute top, lol. Probably lost 95% in 30 minutes RIP
Bought KNDI. Picked wrong day to enter EV. Panic sold. Never again.
[deleted]
sell nio sell sell sell!
No it’s not
So a chinese gov backed company can rise 1000% but cannot drop 50% right? We should all buy every single chinese state backed company, including the coal company that just defaulted its loans today.
I took my gains
Damn she still wants you to touch her butt when you got a chart like that?
Humble brag
Yes, I'm in it for the long haul. Hoping it TSLAs and makes life easier later in life
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Time to buy!!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jthq3j
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jthq3j) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/westislandjames, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
westislandjames
SmoothLunch
ROO-FI-O
Jacked to the tits in SOLO puts
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Yo fuck Citron bunch of pussies
Get out of NIO when you can. I have only seen one NIO in China, everyone drives Tesla in Shanghai
It's crazy.  My wildly out of the money nio and li went up as the underlying mooned.
Nobody's selling LUV until that Moderna news comes out, if anybody else wants to melt up with us
[removed]
Solo is the new nio get in before it become a new neo+li+xpev together
[deleted]
Unload some NIO and get AYRO boss
IV gonna fuck you
i totally agree. like im losing because its flat. theta is eating my ass rn
I do
Down Nio
Nio just became no. Damn
Oh I didn't expect my disney puts to be so tasty today. Thanks everyone who is dumping that POS
I do actual work for maybe like 20 minutes a day lmao
You got hella time bro
the best comments are those that contain a ticker name and nothing else except maybe some exclamation points
Pics?
I'm a fan
When you realize there are people who bought NKLA at $90+...LMAO
Jack Ma is writing my eulogy as we speak
Very interested in them, been doing some DD... looks promising to say the least
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   50.0|0.9|0.93|0.91|0.14|132.132%


NIO 50.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 10 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc5srgr&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Thanks, I don't have the kind of money Lotta people here do so it's a big win for me (already cashed out half just to keep this smile on my face throughout the day lol)

Wasn't expecting much with my modest ~$200 but guess that's what the options casino is for lol
If zm breaks 410 god please help us
Sellll NIOOOOO
I got fucked hit 40 and I sold for loss kill me
Spy forming sneaky snake formation
# THE FINAL PURGE. THIS SUB SHALL BE CLEANSED!
Friday profit taking or Friday moon?
$270
Sounds like a Friday to me
lol
PLTR stop playing with my emotions
Acting like it did yesterday before dumping
[deleted]
Have more money on the masters and the market then work is going to pay me today so fuck them.
I mean Apple is down today 🤡🤡🤡, just sold and rotated into NIO puts 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️ already up 30 percent 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Guys, look at the NIO 50c 11/13. That's part of why we might close below 50 today. Its just got such high open interest.
[deleted]
How so? Based on future market outlook, because current sales show otherwise.
Nasdaq is almost red the sp500 is gonna follow it
Schrodinger's Covid-19
Going to rewatch SOLO this weekend
smh Kimco Realty being up 5% is the dumbest thing I've ever seen, crash & burn c'mon man
You’re far too late now w IV
I don’t think anyone is gonna want to hold over this weekend.
baba calls?
That’s what I’m talking about
Something announced with NKLA? Was down this morning, now there's a big jump
I bought SPY poots. Fuck. Your. Sofa.
Grwg anyone?
bro I'm just here to make money during the day. i can't be bothered with long term goals
Is the whole world just fake car companies now
It was not too far off just a few minutes ago after being up like ~10% today lol
God damn
Cash gang for now
I bought like 5k worth of calls two days ago expecting to get rich, made a post bragging about it on WSB yesterday, everyone called me retarded so I  dumped my calls this morning at what just happened to be the top lmfaoooooo

&#x200B;

I love this subreddit
Inverse all you bears. 11/20 SPY 360s let’s go 🚀🚀🚀
WHAT
Citron research was a big NIO promoter earlier, learned their lesson from TESLA and admitted to it publically. I give them credit for that and their recent 25$ target
So when my NIO puts ive been spamming to buy make me king of the world do I become king of WSB? Check the post history.
Come on TSLA do the thing. *pokes*
calls for days, got it. bullish af
They literally control the price
That’s what I’m saying. I’d rather the volatility even if I lose money than this flats shit
Am I the only one who isn’t trading NIO? That’s all I’m reading about today.
i heard that last week
May2021 60c
250 end of 2021
Do people seriously just listen to CNBC then trade? As soon as Cramer talked about Baba, it dumped.   so ghey
Don't hate the playa
Post positions you retarded fuck.
I’m going to roll these NIO put profits into baba calls next week
Damn you 0DTE NVDA calls. Now I have to see if BLACKED will make a scene with my wife to help pay the bills. 😞
Specifically SOLO
God that’s the retard spirit I love to see here
Same lol
Where do we see BABA next Friday? Serious answers
[deleted]
He’s the physics major you met in undergrad that shits on everyone else’s major because physics is “the science that explains literally everything” and therefore he knows everything.
Lol yeah it’s retarded but wait for when it would go down and your puts would lose value cause the iv went down 😂
Finally
buy the dip with PTON?
I'm not an expert in this shit. But GM is. I'm just betting that GM knows what they're doing, and NKLA stock will be the beneficiary of it.
Damn, NIO 1mo chart looks like it's doing the classic "flatline with build up speed to launch off ramp at full throttle while drinking soda, hiccupping slightly, taking a moment to cry and reverse anal bleeding" pattern...sigh I hate when stonks do that...
Is LI going to be in the red by the end of the day?
10% dip in 30 minutes should be all the warning necessary that you're playing with fire. But whatever.

"buy the dip"
In case you’re wondering how it went it went fucking terribly
Picked up Jan calls slightly otm, if they go well will expand the position
[deleted]
Well done!
Nope the time to sell was 30 minutes ago. Ride this out if you’re still holding.
Yeah, I'm quite confident it will get back to at least 290 but by when, I don't know. Market better not suddenly crash next week.
BABA show me some love.
Probably right
it wont move and its so frustrating. like i have 185c but id rather it tank or moon than stay flat
so puts on ev?
I might recover if it climbs back to 52
baba, what the fuck?
Is anybody actually planning on holding NIO long term? Think about where it will be by this time next year
Sure buddy. Keep telling yourself that
solo rippin up
Ya what is it doing...
😂
PLTR crashing!!! did the wall street gods hear my prayer!?? YESS

Position: short Dec 11 $15C
Cashed out my SOLO at +$1,200. Can't be greedy when you're hungry for tendies
[removed]
Hold
yeah it’s boutta be +69%
Watching the Masters, reading WSB and staring at my portfolio. 0 work being done.
Nio is kil
[deleted]
Well we know isn't bragging about his portfolio... lindsay❤ is all he's got left..
I dont know about that. But if hospitalised you will have a private nurse monitoring you 24/7 and you'll get on a ventilators the second you need to if things go really really bad.    
&nbsp;    
The average person in italy is supposed to get this too. But Italy is running out of resources. Hence the high death rate in Italy.
Fuck Bilbo! For Mordor!
48.67 was your chance
wrong direction NIO,  WRONG DIRECTION. REVERSE YOUR COURSE!
Using Model Y as a shortselling rationale lol. Try harder
Citron or somebody said its way overvalued
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Good Morning (Kanye west voice)

**URL:** https://redd.it/jthiqf
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jthiqf) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/eatmyfiberglass, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
eatmyfiberglass
ROO-FI-O
all im saying is. when a stock price goes up. especially 10%, i expect my put premiums to go down.

I mean, its like a cheat code, puts/calls go up when NIO goes up.

You all actually were right, NIO is the one. Glitch in the matrix.
You’re buying apple puts, you’re the fuckin retard 🤡
Beta as fuck.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
pltr wrong way
Losing money on Tesla again today don’t know what I was expecting
is spy going to move at all today or are we going to trade within a small .2% window again during intraday?
Yea you get premium and it disappears every day from your bank account. Sometimes they might double dip and take extra money too for being a bitch and not buying straight calls
[deleted]
Dude just go. Youre making your wifes bf cry ffs.
I wonder what citron said about Tesla 3 years ago lol fuckin short losers, analysts are the worst, Proly all bought puts before publishing
Now it'll take all day for NIO to V shape recover after that report.. first the trump tweet now this. they dont want us to win bro
[removed]
NIO IS ASSHOE
Citron: Sell NIO now!

*panic sells*

Citron: Perfect buying opportunity 😏
yep and you're the expert?
Spy got me nervous again.
Anyone else also go on a little hot streak, get overly cocky, then immediately get put in your place by the CCP? Yeah thanks a lot BABA
lol my dad legit walked by and asked if i was winning.  i'm living in a meme.
English? Probably a bot
I did
Because that’s ez
Feels like NIO is going down further today before it goes up
guys, is chinese ev dying? also isnt tesla in that "buy calls" range? i dont see it go far below 400 that often and were pretty close
We’re going to trade flat like this the whole day. Nothing to see here boys. 😢
I like how QQQ took a massive dump seconds after I sold ATM calls in my IRA.

But my TQQQ is very unhappy.
[deleted]
tsla call over the weekend ?
It means he is jumping onto the 🚀
Oh it went down? was 500% earlier.
Hahaha who just got wiped out by NIO?
This didn’t age well
This morning I was regretting selling my nio call at the close yesterday. It was a leap had I held I would of made a nice G instead I sold for 2 bucks (hundreds) higher than I bought at. Now I’m laughing. LAUGHING AT YOU BAG HOLDERS!
SPY volume less than anemic too. I bet it'll drop hard here soon going into an uncertain weekend

Only position is 38x 0DTE 350p @ $.10 🤷‍♂️
It was a beautiful sight to see. NIO diamond handers holding it down. Thats right 💯🙌🏻
No fucking way
Exact same here
For now
I declare bankrupcy!!
pull it together CHASDAQ
[deleted]
More like $60 end of next week
I was thinking about certificate of deposits but I’m not a boomer
Jesus christ you stupid fucks.  In absolutely zero reality do the valuations of Li, Nio, or XPEV make any sense at all.  AMC, HZ, LI, NIO, XPEV......ffs, this sub really, reallllllly loves to play with dogshit.  

If you touch radioactive waste like Nio, at least fucking set trailing stop losses for heaven's sake so you don't get slaughtered. All of the idiots chasing after chinese EVs are going to lose their shirts by 2021 if they keep holding.
In at 3.8 and still holding strong!
Call them
all im saying is. when a stock price goes up. especially 10%, i expect my put premiums to go down.

I mean, its like a cheat code, puts/calls go up when NIO goes up.

IM NOT COMPLAINING.
Thank you BOO
Nio is still up 3%...
wtf does Cramer know about building electric or hydrogen vehicles. Douchebag.
We’re gonna be rich very soon bro
Send it !
This sub is only for meme stocks and lots porn dude
all im saying is. when a stock price goes up. especially 10%, i expect my put premiums to go down.

I mean, its like a cheat code, puts/calls go up when NIO goes up.

IM NOT COMPLAINING.
For an extra 5hp!
Purple is shipping to Canada now, PRPL gang assemble
r/babystreetbets
That company is gonna die off soon lmao
Good! Glad you got out with a good gain. What would it have been yesterday morning?
because i am idiotic who sold instead of bot today.  no wonder why my wife sleeps over at work  or stays late at the office aways.
Nobody really knows that.
How do I reset my day trades on TD? I can’t seem to find a place to ask on the website.
Money isn't the only thing OP is gonna lose
If you have to hedge your “system” is trash to begin with
Lmao all these retards trying to pump NIO cus they bought at the top 🤡🤡
What can make you possibly think that?
That's also how you lose big
Anyone else gotta poop or no
I’m fascinated at these charts but they may as well be explaining the lay out of a bowl of spaghetti
Ok nio dip here buy in now sell off is over
mods, can i get flair that says "depressed oogwei" pls and thank you!
Super retarded
the left didn't win shit, the biden transition team is considering republicans and goldman sachs people and freezing out the most prominent leftist senators. there is no difference between biden and trump as far as PLTR is concerned.
Fkn Li[es]
SPY seem like the move this weekend.

Lockdowns news seems inevitable at this point
[removed]
Yep it’s gonna burn by Tuesday
What do algos dream of? 

When they take a little algo snooze

Do the dream of mauling retail

Or Michael Burry in a catwoman suit
Use your head idiot. 

Timing of this is EVERYTHING
Is Tesla no longer the move?
A sharply increasing amount, genius.
Is that an EV/Lithium SPAC?
What market are we gonna go crazy on now that China EV has burst?
Who else just lost a ton of money attempting to time NIO? 😅
[deleted]
Yeah that must be why Obama used Palantir more than any other sitting president. Both sides love surveillance.
Oof :(
[deleted]
[deleted]
$PCG
Impulsively bought pltr shares yesterday at close, sold 11/13 15c on them right away , bought them back at open at the initial dip, and riding the wave up
it either will or it won't
Holy fuck....300% IV on SOLO options...
No. It will be 35 Tuesday. Check my post history. But you’re too late.
it is when you’re playing spy 🤦🏾‍♂️
Seriously, fuck citron releasing that right before 10am. I bet they had a fuck ton of puts they bought right before that. Assholes.
Who?
I hate that MFA options only trade in 5 cent increments.
#ELON MASK

#TOP KEK
Thanks for confirming my bias
Buy longer dated calls or learn to take profits on your FDs idiots, if you can't do either, then just light your money on fire.
I think nio is priced in for earnings.
IV is insane on nio puts. I bought yesterday at a LOWER price than NIO is right now and even despite theta, I am almost breaking even.
Fuck I miss that meme
just sold all baba and yolo'd nio 11/20 calls fuggit
Yea I fell for a similar trap the other day. Going to do the same
Twice.

I feel vindicated.
Lol yup. It’s slowly climbing back up like usual, we’ll see. Fucking insane really
I have a feeling Morgan Stanley, Sequoia and team will Risk Manage their way out of NIO this PM. i.e. Sell to a reasonable level 40 EOD
And dentist?
Not poor. I enjoy making a grand in a day.
Nice dead cat bounce nio
CCP is going to crush ANT.  

Ma bragging about how ANT's business model involves getting China's state banks to baghold personal loans essentially brought a shit ton of scrutiny to their business model.
always amazes me how a short/research company that has gotten so many things wrong can still have so much impact.
You fucking ding dongs, I called it,
Either way I lost money.
You can have one green candle NIO, as a treat.
They know a lemon when they see one.
Before others say r/antstreetbets I wanna say, try your best to not daytrade 5 times in a day and get banned from daytrading. Been 10x more stressful when I have to wait a whole day to secure gains or jump ship
If AMZN breathes on 3000, you know the bottom is in
[deleted]
Yeah okay what percentage of population in china even owns a car
Fisker thoughts???
Looks like it's time to baghold some BABA
Don’t worry NIO will end at 55$ EOD
BABA will com back..... but maybe not soon enough to save our calls.
Those are gonna be strong long-term holds the way I see it
Someone has a 115 million dollar order for Zoom shares at $410 lol
To avoid all the beer flu nonsense and political bs in the states and embrace Daddy Xi. Not to mention he’s literally in Shanghai today.
[deleted]
It goes up ofc
If you don't choose to stay glued to your phone watching every tick of a chart then that's a personal problem
It’s basically the bald eagle of American tech companies.
You guys are on crack and I love it
Yeah I got tired of burning my money. It’s slower with buying stocks, but I’m not losing anymore
Pump MU so it can break $58, shit looks ready to take off
Citron set the price target to $25
Meme? Yes, but if you have leaps you’re going to very happy
Bro some of us don’t have Tesla time
hahaha lets go these gaybois don't know what they just missed
i'm trying too hard
[deleted]
Exactly
Hmm I had both and made money both ways
Citron research confirmed gay

Keep buying NIO
[deleted]
That deal requires work from NKLA for GM to produce. How is GM going to do anything if NKLA doesn't even have a working engine?
I mean.....they have a vaccine.....why short?
Literally if people are selling because of Citron they have no idea how to play this market lol
What the fuck was that dip...
LMAO SQ stuck at 180. If that ain’t proof of manipulation
Does anyone else buy the FDs and close out Robinhood ?
Hold on brother the bulls always win
[removed]
Once 95% of the posts on *this* sub became about a single company, did you guys really not think it would crater? Every fucking time...
NIO is just getting started. Are you looking at it rising right now? 😂
I’m in KCAC. Holding my account up today
Need TSLA to go below 400 for my 0dte put to print
I could see this being a south park episode
not sure, if you have the TOS platform, just ask them on chat.
MM = motherfkin manipulators
This is an all-time comment. Top is definitely in lol.
[removed]
Just did!
Why do i even post
At least 46 today
[removed]
Nice
Wmt puts me to sleep though
Sector rotation into NIO puts
smoke american spirits.
[deleted]
NIO DIAMOND HANDS BABY
60
What is FVAC looking to acquire?
Thanks, I'm aware of that thread. The idea of leveraging cheaply via short SPX boxes is fine, the portfolio he chose however was not. Leveraged ETFs, further leveraged via margin is so far past the optimal leverage level that a blow-up was a matter of time. I've been doing the above for 2 years now, March was OK, no blow-ups.
What you think about cbat? Havent made any dd just saw it here something batteries with eV and its up 66%
Ahh, fair enough
buy nio calls rn????
Back to the fucking moon
What was the play?
Same question.
You can't on Robinhood you can on Webull or the big boy programs
Amazon and Alibaba, two of the most powerful companies in the entire world...getting absolutely shit on by startups.

Fuck
Hmm. That Chinese Li SUV is kinda sweet looking.
Rotation out of Chinese EVs into nkla
NIO paper handers in shambles lol
Starting price is 18500
Bet that pussy smells like wet dog and baby lotion
Fucking V in LI and NIO, this is so dumb just turn the drill back on
No. I won’t.
Well that was the best NIO dip you’ll probably get until earnings. Don’t say I didn’t tell you
Mini V on BABA. 3% more up to go lol
51 same
Buy dip
Fuck it I’m holding these NIO calls, too the moon or the dirt, ride or die 🙃🙃🙃
turning off my app, nio gonna be 60 eom
WE have question*
Nice
About to day trade out of NIO and pivot to KCAC.
Fucking a lol

What a crazy ass stock
This sub has freaked out over every NIO dip! Y'all scared me into selling a few days ago, but it won't happen again. Have faith, guys.
That mean my 47 puts that expire today are gonna print?
Sell NIO now
DKNG is so wack man. It just can't sustain any positive movement.
Probably. I actually think spirit is the best one considering they are not counting on business travel to come back😂😂
PLTR still beast mode
rubber band man, just spring through that to 60 ty
50% of chances NIO shooting back up.
this is what makes a market :) good luck to both of us
trying to short it and it keeps going green
You belong here
Group that wants in on cheaper NIO calls
🌈🐻=🌈🤡
next week it'll be 55
Who bought NIO at the top? Show yourselves🙋🏻‍♂️
Chairs?
yolo'd into solo, come on daddy
Booze
Lmao
FSR 20c
You’ve descended into lifetime retardation 🤣🤣🤣
You too?
Mother of pearl I thought I was the only one
FUBO. Now or never boys.
NKLA was all retail investors? 🤡🤡🤡
imagine panic selling NIO just cuz it went from +12% to +1%
Thanks good sirs i love u
NIO did the same sort of fake out yesterday. It'll be fine.
LOL PAPER HANDS COWARDS
Ok mr professional trader 🤡
Picked up some LIT and LTHM, small positions on both.
GM deal getting close to closing.
[deleted]
Get out of NIO when you can. It's Citron Research
The left hates Palantir and also just won the presidential election.
Expected when people are dropping their futures on a meme.
F
I think it or almost hit 54. It’s down to 50 now
[deleted]
No, I didn’t. I’ll have to read about it. Got in awhile back
Just got out of an interview that started at 9:00 EST, was up over 80% at market open can couldn’t do a thing about my calls smh
If BABA is down on a day the market is up, what happens when the market is down?
There was your NiO dip
Lol ill stick to 4 wheels
[deleted]
How many times have you made this post?
Gravity vehicles > electric vehicles. Use ur head boomers. Gravity is free, electricity isn't
This isn’t stocktwits don’t say that stupid fucking shit here
Earnings next week don’t worry

NIO GOING UP ON A TUESDAY
You’re a dumbass buy the dip
NIO back to 55 EOD?
Is anyone making any money today or is it just theta?
[deleted]
This reminds me of FUV which is at 7$ right now. I had some shares in it. I sold to buy more NIO but maybe this one and FUV will explode soon.
Prolly. Same thing with Trumps securities move yesterday. Literally blowing smoke because of the run up.
You can, just extremely risky
BABA O RLY?
Already beat you to it
I just have paper hands and no day trades 🙃
is there a cooldown between resets
Same here, I got too inpatient
Seriously how do you retards handle this stress
ok so we should do nothing about it is what you are saying? also you realize this is why we have seatbelts, airbags, and speed limits right? where are the anti belters?
Get ready for the V
😎💎👋🏽
“Are you winning dad?”

“No”

☹️
I timed it just perfectly today.
Run it all the way back nio
nice flair
[removed]
Rug pull just getting started.. don’t make me say it again.. I told ya
MRNA straddles?  They're supposed to announce vaccine results soon.
> Will probably take a decent position into Razer. Thoughts? 

It's OTC. Doesn't get the same action as regular stocks on the usual US indices.
[deleted]
well im hoping against you.  $30 5/21 calls
=/
Wondering the same thing
People securing their gains,  so more people seeking than buying.  That's my guess anyway
Probably iv lol
This discussion was about Mars and how him moving into Mars with his own laws would be akin to colonialism. Is he gonna genocide the martians?
I’m totally being greedy on -14%
You don't believe some people have better genes than others?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Today president Xi jinping has declared war on Citron research for lies and false allegations against NIO
I wish there was more than one stock.
Nio is retarded. 55 eod
nio kang gang
[deleted]
announce ANT IPO
good now lose it all on something equally retarded!
I'm not buying NIO dip.  Already violated by BABA.
Days like today make me wonder if I should just stick to shares 😭😭
Everything after 500k has been trash
Oh yea it’s definitely 350 easy but if you are playing weeklies expecting to make money, you’ll get burned unless you time it right
I still have time man, Dec 11th...just have to digest this one..hoping this momentum doesn't extend..
Wdym
I made a lot of money back that I had lost the last week + this week. I made all of it back and more and most of it was off NIO yesterday and today. Until 10am lol. Hopefully it recovers, they expire today lmao.
puts on SOLO are free money
PPG corona virus killing paint 99% effective!
Same lol
She’s just as retarded as you are
no, its time to buy AYRO
things in life that are certain: death, taxes, and people asking if nio is still worth it
[deleted]
Best part about WMT is you have a great chance of being flat or green on red/dump days. Plus it has so much going on for them and earnings next week that its going to pop after hearing Walmart+ numbers and beating on revenue.
My God the sentiment in this sub changes every 5 seconds. “Buy the NIO dip” — 5 minutes later — “Fuck you NIO”. Can y’all learn how to trade instead of buying the top of every meme stock
We use real brokers, not shitty robinhood
[deleted]
I mean it’s back over 50.40 now so
Please nio I’m begging you
This is the equivalent to when yesterday all these chicken little paper hands types thought it was “over” because mango wanted to ban Chinese stocks and securities
LoL retards really think MM gonna make their 0dte EV calls print. This is just reaping profits from gamblers, if you hold leaps or shares you fine
This is the dip to buy.  Theres nothing till tuesday earnings....it will go up
[deleted]
Told ya.
Sell your zoom calls
[deleted]
Yes, I would normally wheel AMZN or TSLA; but now full blown NIO.
3 times a year
Your company has no revenue. And it’s business model is a fraud
RH you can’t

Other brokerages you can
market overview chart looks so bearish but spy is up 2 dollars. Nasdaq has scary movement
Honestly just imagine being retarded enough to not buy the NIO dip. It's like the train you missed miraculously turning around for you and you still don't hop on.
I still have time man, Dec 11th...just have to digest this one..for now..
Attack of the algos
Get AYRO dude
got pumped, you know what happens next
I’m literally posting from Think or Swim and my post title called this gain scalping.  Ease up homeboy.   puts on your relationships
[deleted]
Hey brother the same. Let's pray together.
Let's go back to play with TSLA and BABA next week
consumer sentiment missed bigly
Never
I trust you with every cell of my body
Hi, I'm not doing too hot but it is what it is. Miss u
idk about this nio dip guys
I'm doing a little theta-ganging until Sleepy's inauguration, just to keep things interesting.
That was your last chance to get in on NIO
People trying to learn? I’m asking to learn. Haven’t done anything.
No, get AYRO
I still have time man, Dec 11th...just have to digest this one..and pray the momentum doesn't continue
Nid like $50 to buy a call, i have $2
Generally I’d agree that the top is in for NIO, but surely y’all didn’t forget about Tesla? Shorts were annihilated.
How high did it get to? I saw everyone posting premarket so I checked it out and that’s where it was at when I looked lol
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TheVer7icaL the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
this is the bottom
Tbh, all you yolo 11/13 call holders on China evs are the reason mms are dropping it, a record number of call options were placed on nio for 11/13, I expected this. They will take ur premiums before it moves again next week, don’t fuck with the big guys. 

Nio 5/21 and 1/23 30$c
Yea it’s the IV, when NIO is at ATH people are anticipating that it will drop which is more likely than it continue to go up so put premium increases as people buy
PPG corona virus killing paint 99% effective!
I’m not sure, trying to time this is dangerous. They are overbought for sure and I think will return to 6 month average after this craze like we saw in Tesla. But again, could run up to and past earnings
[All the retards who FOMO'd into NIO at the top](https://youtu.be/8AHCfZTRGiI)

I tried to [warn you retards](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5mo80/?context=3)
People are taking profits
Citron inversing WSB once again
Probably more than I can afford
This sub in shambles
Soon my dumpling
E LON don't have sh*t on me
Imagine thinking an electrical vehicle manufacturer in the world’s largest economy/emerging market isn’t going to be a $300+ stock eventually
Its a Chinese company...
how tf are u ppl buying 0dte options? i thought you cant buy on exp day??
Lol as if qqq had other companies in it😂😂
Why the fuck is SPY positive today
lol the panic in here is real
Same. I bought the “dip” last week at 280, didn’t realize it would keep dipping. Averaged down to 278 but not willing to go further when I’m down so much.
Did the same last friday.  will be back up monday
NIO is Kill, hop on this UAL.
Yes
getting coal
Moderna data could be the straw that breaks the camel back on the DAQ
NIO still green btw
Don't bet against citron.
[deleted]
Why should I sell on thursday?
calling small street bets
I prefer JD but baba has analyst targets of 360ish. It’s still a high caliber growth stock to get Chinese exposure
PALA PALA PALA PALA
BOUGHT THE DIP LETS GOOOOO
[deleted]
cmon NIO do the thing again
Come on nio $50 resistance
[removed]
solo
In the same mf boat dude
Diamond hands
They been around for a while idiot. Plus Palantir have something Splunk don't: big daddy USA printing money and handing it to them.
I still have time man, Dec 11th...just have to digest this one..
nah
[deleted]
Citron has called them out. The first of many
Don't be scared to read the posting guidelines.
Jesus I love it, was looking at 11/25s
RemindMe! 3 months "check ayro"
You Gtfo jangles! Naw I kid.
Cwh holding is back baby 😂
Thanks! I almost quit at that dip near the end after being down 3.5k
Hold em 
If any stock is gonna bounce it’s this
Get AYRO bro
Citrort.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Citron short' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
whats the cause of the pump?
IV
Sell puts. I’m literally this close to opening 3 contracts at 245.
Buy the dip, retard
how many times will ToS reset pdt
Yeah that guy is a dumb ass
When we buying back into EV?
Spy about to triple fucking top
What’s happening with NIO guys can someone tell me
every single tech and ev company is going down today
>[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucid\_Motors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucid_Motors)
Buy high sell low
I took my PLTR gains and bought AYRO
Any reason? Factoring in the moderna release 🤨
My 11/13 16 call I bought on Monday is already IV crushed. Bought for 1.45 and it’s close and I’m still -122~ unreal
I’ve been telling myself this for the last 6 months
If ur comparing NIO to NKLA I've got to say how do you even see them as comparable? One actually has running vehicles with real people and isn't a fairytale rip off of exactly Tesla's brand.
Imagine being up 12% on the day and saying that the bubble is popping
Blood Red on Friday the 13th!!! 😈
How many of you idiots waited to buy nio until yesterday before close
LOL love this comment
Are you one of those people that’s always wrong? If so please do short PFE. If not, yes it’s bad.
NIO’s premiums are much higher than TSLA’s now. It’s better to play wheel strategy on NIO
I eat lots of soy and have an electric car. Honestly this checks out
Did you guys actually think nio was dead? Jesus Christ the overreactions
I mean you probably missed out alteady
Citron short
thinking chinese EVs still go on another faceripper today soon lol
No way that gyna car companies not a fucking hustle at this stage.

I respect the players playing it but if you get burned stfu it was pure casino 

also stfu about it anyway
Here we go again..
If ur comparing NIO to NKLA I've got to say how do you even see them as comparable? One actually has running vehicles with real people and isn't a fairytale rip off of exactly Tesla's brand.
hot damn BABA can’t catch a break. i’m waiting for the fucking bottom
TD Ameritrade options course under education... itll wrap itself around you
Literally did the same today. Been holding Jan 20c got rid of it. Wanted to sell last week but was like fuck going to hold till 50. Behold it happened today. Still got some equity will ride that one for a bit.
I mean, the stock is volatile and it's a friday. I highly doubt that a government backed company is going to lose half of its value just because Tesla decided to make one model of their product cheaper than expected. That being said, still should be hedging against any possible corrections so make sure yolo on nio puts
Can we have "Meme stock" flair discussion board please?
Wait, you're telling me a stock that more than tripled in value in 3 months is seeing some profit-taking?!?!
day traders head ti NIO. its strapped in and about to shoot back up trending upwards over a dollar just last minute alone
[deleted]
sq is either going to 185 or 175 eod. i dont make the rules thats just what mms are hinting
QQQ green, but AAPL red.
LOL if you haven’t yolo’d and lost over 100K what are you even doing here???
There was a 5 minute window to get in and out.
Finally got my managed retirement account over to my own name and now I can manage my own YOLO bets without a Financial advisor grimacing at me over the phone! Huzzah! This South Dakotan about to Yolo his future into TSLA and ride or die with COVID infested Elon
The second I sold my nio 0dte puts they become worth something again 🤣
What are you finding?
I bought at 13 and sold to buy docu, most retard ever
[removed]
So I am not a master of the greeks.

But how the fuck did i make money on my puts when NIO was up 10% .

Im seriously at a loss for an explanation on how my put premiums went up? its gotta be Vega and IV right?
Guess who bought NIO calls at 930am today

You're welcome, bears
Buying power needs to be 0, make it happen or ban for being a pussy
It’ll get there for sure I’m just gonna hold
Mate be more worried about your rent.
I'm 29 and I got more cash to average down.

Hope you make some better trades and can get away from worrying about that stuff.

Best.
🤝
SOLO puts
Damn it feels good to be a gangster. 

Real gangsters spam WSB all week that NIO will go to 35

Real gangsters bet $20,000 on NIO 45 puts when it was at ALl time highs 

Real gangsters post 99 times that NIO market cap will go to XPEV. 

DAMN it feels good to be a gangster. 

Real gangsters retire on NIO puts. 

Real gangsters try to help WSB but no one listens. 

Damn it feels good to be a gangster.
diversify with some AYRO
I got you
My $NIO 45p 11/13... I sold them over an hour ago. Man, this sub really turns typical retards into full blown down syndrome patients. I'm done.
Here we go time to open some bottle
Nio crashing cuz of Citron article that came out an hour ago giving it a $25 target?
Always inverse this sub lmao fuck me
Lol who cares. Analysts sad TSLA oVeRPrIced too. Clearly they have their own intentions or purpose for putting a shit tweet like that in the middle of a huge rally
Nio will be back up before earnings calm down mfs
Never fear NIO gang, more than enough buyers at 49 we will pump again diamond hands activated
I don’t get it. We’ve seen this before
I told you bitches 👺
Positions or ______
Chinese EV flash sale, get em while they’re hot!
was there vaccine news? cruise and airlines up and stay at home down
Look at AYRO, they have similar mini-cars and are US based
NIO OR GTFO
Look at that big red candle, start buying when it reach it's final downside momentum. Nio going up son.
As the great Lil Wayne once stated, a full Dosage of Detrimental Dysfunction.
PLTR to 25 by next Friday
I fucking knew it. My timing was off since I sold at 47 but I knew that shit would pump and dump before earnings. Imma buy that sweet dip on Wednesday. NIO ALL DAYYY
What you are doing is called fomo.  You are afraid of missing out and want to ride the coat tails of people posting excitedly about their retarded gains.  The only thing worse than making retarded plays is blindly copying other peoples retarded plays after they are in the green enough to make excited posts about how much money they are making.
At least no one can say today is boring
I made 400% selling at open. Stop being greedy 🤡
💯
Guess who bought that NIO dipb🙋🏿‍♂️🙋🏿‍♂️🙋🏿‍♂️ MOON MISSION CONTINUES 🚀🚀
Is anyone in JD? I like the potential of this.
[deleted]
So you're posting this after it went 8% today?
“assume the market is rational”

Meanwhile NIO
It’ll probably be up to 52 but that’s it
[removed]
[removed]
Where should I put a 5k yolo in
China must be careful. Elon likes to help organise government overthrows and replacing them with murderous fascists. In fact, he should name his Tesla, Hitler. The Tesla Hitler: Built from the blood of the innocent.
Luckily for me that's exactly what I would want to happen.
thoughts on buying Nio puts?
Pussies
What the hell is Citron?
spent two weeks rebuilding the money i lost from listening to this sub, came back today and FOMO’d into NIO calls at the top. GG Citron, not sure how i’m gonna tell my mom i gambled her retirement away
I’d love to buy baba but premium is too high
Imagine not buying that NIO dip.
Oh..wow
hulk dick incoming
Here comes the v shaped recovery we all know and love
NIO bears - You think you can do this shit to ME!? I’m putting cases on all you b*tches. Have fun playing basketball in Pelican Bay! 😤
Nice paper hands cucks
Alright NIO boys pack it in for today let the bears have a nice little afternoon before Monday and tuesdays gaping
Give it a second.
[deleted]
Yeah. I’m simpin FVAC.
This sub is undefeated in calling tops
Friendship with NIO ended PLTR is new best friend!
Load up on AYRO too
What happened to rkt??
Y’all jinxed it! Fuckers
Save it’s spirit and it’s up seven😂
Get in on this fake tech dump yall. QQQ calls for dayz
And I am here just wishing baba to go up
Peleton pump was entirely due to lockdown, any one who thinks lockdown will be done in say nine months is going to bail.
Drill team on its way
I mean back down obv
Retard bounce
How would you know it's an algo dump
AAPL has been such a shit stock lately.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TheGalacticMosassaur the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nio doing like  neo geo
Thanks Gordon Gecko!
We all laugh... but I’m assuming Nio will be back up later today
What strike /exp? My 13c for January i bought mid day yesterday are still up like 15%
NIO DED
Xpev turned to red damnnnn
Razor doesn’t make money.... ever really...
54
First.
Bro this comment comes in everyday . It’s a multi layer dip
Buy AYRO while its cheap while you wait for pullbacks
Institutional investors are in on PLTR and if you're not you're a fucking fuck. Go look at the volume.
👍🏻 thanks mate
I step away for 20 minutes and wtf happened to NIO
Cash gang holla 🤙
is it bad that i am trying to short pfe?
goodman.
Nio does this daily and everyday people panic again
WP
Rest of the year is range bound.
Spy 345 puts 11/27
Made money with nio puts then lost it trying to reverse the wave and buy some calls lmao
NIO tanking now buddy. You're about to be rich AF
Rotation to PLTR I timed that perfectly
Watch this swing back in the next few hours. You stupid fuck.
Idk what DKNG does, just assume donkey Kong went public
Anyone else looking at lithium producers since market going crazy over EV?
Of course...I am one....sold all my calls at the top this morning and bought puts right away
[deleted]
[removed]
Wtf is this bullshit
Overbought penny stock.
im with you pal this dip hit my asshole hard
He bought?
I felt it. Don’t worry bud. Not every day will be a smash hit, but zoom out and look at the trajectory. You’re going to double that paycheck one day
please yes
That looks like an AYRO car to me lol
NIO is climbing again get back in the pool fellas !
Spy steamy dump comin
Nio Max pain is 39
0DTE NIO puts at open almost 4x now. Thanks autists.
Should have gotten more WMT dip
NIO BE LOKE “ YOU THOUGHT!”
And they also called out HMNY. So what’s your point. Also what’s your dd for NIO going up besides you want it to lol
NIO is greater than $30 mouth breather
NIO still has growth left next week
RIP NIO, I just sold all my options on it. I’m out.
Nio 60
Something about criton?
[deleted]
RIP EV Gang Nov 2020 - Nov 2020
 I know. I mean back down
sold it at the top :)

edit - and rolled profits into a few shares at 49.5
Jokes on you market! Can't lose any money today if you already died yesterday!
Who ever said but into SOLO..... fuck u
Put the profits into AYRO
Lower
Why is nobody talking about NIO anymore?
Dayum the chinese ev dump.
Retard bounce nio let’s go
Tech drilling again
according to fib retracement.. yep..
I’m tired of winning smol I wanna have a big high!
NIO dead SOLO dead

There goes 90% of this diversified sub
Not sure if srs
Fuck citron just stole all my tendies
Citron is my favourite fruit from now on.
For the NIO call holders, never fall in love with your position. Easiest way to evaporate gains.
Whole sub about to be wiped out
Please tell me you bought puts at the top. Those things are printing right now.
-> 44
Gentlemen it has been a privilege playing with you today.
"but it keeps dipping"

99 Luftballons!
I dont really care, do you?
What?
Bulls in fuckin shambles this week.  Every day it's the same shit,  green open then watch your gains go bye bye.
"I used to browse the sub for some quality DD" Surely you must mean Debt and Disappointment.
Same! I always buy at the peak! But the other day I bought before it dipped to 39 and I’m still kicking myself in the ass for paper hands and selling instead of holding. Was at 50 the next day. I’m holding!
Source
What’s the cause of the dip?
I’m short NIO and soybeans. Because there’s nothing more soy than a Chinese electric car.
Where is the floor??
N(I)O!!!!!!!!!
rotate your nio into solo, next meme
Ok - anyone buying NIO puts near $45 strike a bit out? Premium is so expensive but man so enticing because there is no way this lasts
What the fuck
Lol the gme gang is still waiting for a squeeze 😂😂
See nio at $25 EOD
I take it your next yolo is in the couch cushions.
Fuck
I was hoping for that EOY NIO $100 so I hate saying this, but fucking Citron is gonna put this in thing in a rut for the next few weeks..
go fuck yourselves china ev bulls
This is the way
Fucking love citron slaughter the pigs
Good job degenerate!
NIO currently > 30

The Pac Man Mouth eats the bigger number.
[deleted]
NIO gonna touch $54 and $34 in the same day
do NIO haters realize that today is an algo dump day lol NIO is blasting off next week
Citron priced the stock at 25
Shoulda sold Monday like the rest of us bruh
im not even joking
sold my NIO shares at $46 yesterday. bought them again at $53 today. I must be some kind of fucking genius.
Cashed out NIO
My yolo nio put 😎
Might my QQQ puts actually print?
Its too late for NIO, do AYRO
Well said....
NIO dropped like 5$ now but its still above previous close and its a 40$ stock.
No matter how bad your trading day is going...you could've been the guy who finally decided to go all in on NIO today 😂
Imagine not buying baba right now
Omg
[deleted]
Fuck bastards dont ruin my friday
[deleted]
Petition to burn citron hq to the ground? 🔥if agree
Sold mine at 50 cus I thought it’d bounce :(
Yolo that $100 and turn it into $1000 and it won’t be long before you’re a millionaire. Just buy NIO calls it’s easy
Jesus fuck NIO
Elon be like 400 > 50
I dumped yesterday and rebought today. Bye bye gainz hello anxiety
Alright that’s it, where is Bezos? I gotta slap the shit out of that bald bitch.
Whou bought nio at top?
I think I bought the top of nio.
congrats
Scaled in with shares as an investment after earnings. Should’ve bought more. Didn’t expect it to move this fast.
oh boy...NIO about to go red haha
Autists angry because they bought EV stocks at the top after it skyrocketed.
Just like that huh...
drill nio drill!
#WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO OUR BOY?
Took my profits on NIO and got out, fuck those dumb ass lemon fuckers ruining the fun
Why not AYRO?
Van a flows gonna keep it pinned all week without macro news
Lol just wait till Ford and Toyota dominates the industry once again. Ford just revealed it’s electric van today.
NIO 44 by eod
Glad I cashed out when I did. Def reloading at eod
Nio just needed to fill the gap
Baba calls are still the most expensive thing
RIP SOLO 10c...
yes everyone sell so the price lowers please
this is what theta gang never admit, getting blown out in a single play
We are currently testing Wednesday's \~257 low... I am hoping this is the bottom because my position has taken a beating the past few days.
Congrats, yes you're young. Keep being smart. If you're going to day trade then only use a small amount that you can afford to lose if it goes wrong.

But keep your major investments in safe long term stocks.

Just hold and be patient. The markets move up generally (unless it's a company like Hertz going through bankruptcy and problems). 

NIO seems like a good stock but its volatile af. PLTR is too cheap not to jump on it. TSLA may be a bit overbought idk I don't trust it enough to invest much in it right now, but they're a good solid stock to hold according to some analysts. 

Consider getting in on some solar energy stocks too. Solar is going up a lot. 

icln, csiq are two good solar stocks imo 

Atvi, crsr, are also two other stocks I love but they're in tech and gaming 

If you keep investing you'll be golden. Save money on housing and vehicles and invest it instead. Don't go crazy and live lavish even if you can, make that money grow first.
NIO 5-day vwap under 45... right?
lol right, does he always act like she's his mommy ?
lol 51-> 54 -> 49  

wth is NIO
Look at save lolll
Almost at it's low RSI rn
i am holding my 11/20 calls
Im down to 7k, fuck
How much for just 10ft.?
Hope all you idiots are enjoying getting fucked by NIO. Who am I kidding you’re all gay so you probably are
haha fucking NIO! My 0 DTE 49 puts arent dead
Did NIO pre-earnings selloff start already? 😮
Which will happen first?

NIO > $30

TSLA > $500
Where is this NIO selloff coming from
Damn LI just got massacred, XPEV going red
seriously it's too much.
Tech so ghey
I enjoy how much you sound like an autist
\+.5% is moon now?
Buy SOLO don't listen to anyone that says not to.
Get in the Nio
Same
Jesus just a straight line down for PTON and NVDA
RIP to 95% of this sub
XPEV red NIO next
NIO hit my stop loss at 51, bought a few back at 50.68 sold a 55c for 4.00
Lol
its dipping hard rn
Sold 65/60 call credit spreads lol
[removed]
I lost $5k on puts last week, switched to calls, lost $3500 this week. It's literally the most WSB thing I've ever done.
Is there a reason you think that or just speculating?
We should’ve  both waiting an hour. Just our luck :(
Damn they're gonna take NIO red? This is crazy
Friday the 13th NIO massacre 🔪 🩸
Welcome home
Buy the EV dip 😅
Hilarious and original
[deleted]
Chyna taking all your money!  EV == ponzi
😂😂
Why is DAL up 4%? Why is AAL up 2.25%?
Lol airlines are at the movers on my watch list🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Goddamn, NIO closing at 40 lol
NIO scaring me 0_0 stop dipping
Jesus fucking Christ stfu about NIO
Nice try CCP. 

Just kidding. Thanks for the DD mate.
.2 is a lot of people
PLTR bout to double top... poots on SOLO.... life is good today
Me too bro I went in at 40... it peaked and I was going to cash out to stop my losses and blinked... held my breath and now here we are. Positions are all about to get closed by my traders 😂 can’t wait to watch it bounce and I’m in debt lol
Portfolio is a dump rn
Buy the dip
Bought $140 DIS calls in may for 2022. Been looking real nice. Thinking about being greedy and cashing out now. Or...should I let'er ride?
Why looking at past and think what you could have retired. Go look for more of these deals.
Then buy puts that will be ITM... IV doesn’t matter if exercise value is $1,000 a contract.

I bought early. On the rise. Low IV. Got tons of $45 puts. It’ll go to 35. IV doesn’t matter. It’ll be $8 per share ($2 purchase price break even) on many many contracts. Fuck IV.

**but, it’s too late. It’s going down. Puts are sky rocketing. Needed to listen all week when I was spamming :)**
Man theres gotta be Chinese bots in here or something.
Piss off.  This is not your dumping ground for business related news stories.
i think the odds are priced in
It doesn’t matter if NIO is insolvent and a fraud. Biden getting elected is bullish af for them and they’ll continue to run to 100b+ valuation. Guaranteed.
I bought in at $53 so now you can buy the big dip I created. You're welcome fucker
Nio bout to rally
😭😂
He needs to be assassinated.
PLTR to 20 by Monday
you know sold 2 days ago as even then it was too much. Lets pick something else from the ARKK list.
Get out of here and go seek actual help. You're about to lose your life savings on this subreddit.
How are you feeling now?
Who bought NIO at the top?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nio eod 10
Rip XPEV
NIO really about to go red huh lol
[deleted]
Nearly doubled revenue and 64% user growth. EPS isn’t everything investors look at.
Brother is that you?!
They sound like one of those Stocktwits bears. "This piece of trash is going to (1/5th its current value). HUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRR"
[deleted]
BTFD on NIO
Anytime you see hey bro bro bro nio calls, it's towards the end.
I hate that I’m seeing tickers in the thread other than Nio today
Sold NIO 48p way too early....
[deleted]
And that's how this sub ends up bagholding every time.
Sold my puts and bought nio calls this morning. Gg
NVDA gonna beat earnings
Me too
dear lord...people like this really do exist
Advised panic sell NIO
fr BABA plz 🙏
Commented them
 ❤️
Paper hands activated on Nio 40 EOD
Use your heads, bears. Both of NIO's competitors released insane revenue growth. What do you think are the odds of NIO not doing the same.
[deleted]
Camel bulls

Cambulls

Campbell's chicken noodle soup.

Calls on $CPB
Holding NIO. We see this shit all the time. $60c expire in April. Aint phased. There will be a Friday afternoon rally
Idk
Now I’m upvoting everything
Your mom's onlyfans.
Close asap
2021summer Im in monaco with cute babes on my yacht and people wonder wtf is nio that dude talks about
I WAS PROMISED TENDIES. 

*buys nio at the top*
Why are you in Shanghai ?
please no I just yolod my whole line cook check on shares 😨
16c 12/4 17c 12/11 going up
Cashed out NIO and XPEV
I'm $600 in, worried about my rent and bill but you're gonna be worry about ur retirement plan. Im so sorry.
GREEDY PIGS GET SLAUGHTERED. CITRON WARNED YOU.
My NIO puts are up 215% 😋
😂
Hey theta gang, when you sell puts, are those contracts effected by IV?
My problem with puts for next week is the IV crush
Citron advised everyone to buy NIO at $7 and now they are uncomfortable at $50 🤡. Which means they told everyone to buy and then when price went above $25, they shorted heavily. But the stupid investors kept buying it and now they are in margin call.

What's the solution to get rid of the bags? Bash NIO 🤡
Enron Musk
My strat is stupid: Buy high, sell low
NIO = whiplash gang
*DKNG completely misses earnings* let’s moon😈🚀
lmao the way this subreddit goes from loving NIO to hating NIO is the definition of bipolar
This is our time to shine
I have 100 BABA 240p expiring today.  Go ahead and shit the bed So I can be rich pls
im all in on china under biden, yolo'd NIO at 49.75
sold my 50c lottos at 53.50 LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DIE
Lol. I am in Canada.
Shits been stressful sense September if you couldn’t tell 😂😂😂
Is this a going away party for PLTR or hold through May?
Sold my 2021s on NIO at 39 for a 10 bagger. 

Promised to not load up again until 30.

Give 30.
Theta gang FD's, the best 😎
Holy Shit I actually timed the top on Nio 😆
Long term worth imo
"Citron sets 25 price target on NIO"

LMAO, reminder that Citron went short on SHOP when it was at 100.
fuk book I want monee >:(
thank god i timed the nio top right
Don't do it bruh, think of all the money you won't get to lose in the future if you off yourself
Cause you’re a retard
Thanks for the DD. Investing right now!
fuck CHINA
i hope nio dies today so yall can get off china's nuts.
Daddy!!! Im here!
Probably a bad fill. LULU's bid/ask spread is pretty wide in general. Also hi, hope you've are doing well.
f
I’ve probably lost more on fees this week...
Watching nio call holders get shook in realtime is fun. Well it would be more fun if I wasn't one of them, but still fun.
Citron released an article saying it’s overvalued
NIO to $20
sq has gotten nice price upgrades but hasnt moved. idk what else it needs smh
Should have gotten more WMT dip
Lmao. Gonna be a lot of downvote soldiers today
you fool, NIO doesnt need gas, thats literally the point of the company
11/20 45p almost breakeven
You too
Haha holy shit I fucked up doubling down
[deleted]
NIO is at 40x sales actually lol. (LTM)
Ouch.... totally burned on NIO. oooooo
NIO and LI are about to turn into the red wedding here
Here for the nio tears, thx citron
wow i actually played PLTR earnings intelligently, sold half my 1/15 16c yesterday for a 33% gain, held on to my 5/21 calls and bought a 11/20 15p for insurance. overall i'm up on the sumbitch
 Wanna buy the dip but IV way too high, selling puts on the other hand...
This is my fault guys. I bought at 52. Every stock I buy goes down.
holy shit bud.  how have you not been assigned?
Zoom just dumped hard
Lmao, my puts are starting to print as we speak.
Family going hungry this Christmas
PLTR. This is the way.
It's pretty clear all the EV paper handers just came over to the PLTR guild. Welcome, lads.
I said that with tsla, aapl, and roku; there is always a play. Keep youre head up king
Portfolio is full, time to delete the app and go get shitfaced. 

See you Monday putas
looool
Feel free to cross post it if you want.
PFE finally coming alive today? need to salvage these 11/20 calls
I hope so and everyone gets their tendies. It would also be insane to ignore the tendency for WSB to bag hold after a pump n dump. Just watch out and set those trailing stop losses.
Any ev puts.  Although 20 minutes would have been good.  Get in now
The day before bro.
What regulations though?
I'm fucked. Bought calls at 53.50
Citron pulling the bad news to buy more shares lol
Hope you guys took your clown car profits 😬
Lol who bought NIO at top 😂
This is not the dip you buy NIO
Why? What's d reason
Hold!!
I'm so numb to everyone's autism that i almost didn't even look into this. U got something big. I like it.
what if NIO releases doubled or trebled revenue growth on Tuesday. Bears, prepare your anus.
NIO 🌈 🐻 S WHERE U AT
And just like that, all the NIO bulls are panicking
Sorry nio bulls I think it might be over
Sure Jessica..ttyl
tech shall bleed till wednesday
[deleted]
Citron has a good track record.
Tf, man? They were all over my neighborhood
Now
[deleted]
Well now I don’t wanna say you’re gonna yell at me ;_;
Positions or ban!
After watching cowboy bebop, i’m about to yolo it all into DATADOG
downvoting won‘t make your losses disappear guys
There is no way NVDA will close above $600 today. You better pull it out
To the lowlife who is downvoting everyone:  this is not the place to take your sexual frustrations out on other people.
Look at the daily chart
bingo. You’re right 100%. I just worry for AMDs sake that the software transition will be faster than the hardware transition - especially if both Apple and Microsoft are willing to spend billions to make it happen
Rookie mistake. next time set your alarm
Holy fuck happy meals are that expensive now?
die AMC trash die
Market caps gone wild
Rip my NIO $60 calls expiring today
holding $30 may calls
Should probably close those lol
Send in the Chinese national guard! Pahmp it!
Buy 3000 shares of solo??
Because it has 3 wheels, it’s categorized as a motorcycle, no tax refunds that you get for EVs
Get out
250% IV you are fucked
WSB Euphoria is a leading market indicator for puts. Sorry guys but NIO is trading at 17x sales. That's twice Tesla's rate at (9x) and even that is insane
He probably loves any attention though
Chinaman company. FSR USA 🇺🇸
Lol
I love how they all (Chinese EVs) go down or up simultaneously. They ride together they die together
Wtf baba
F
It’s been selling off for 30 min
Why would you sell now after watching it bleed for so long? Diamond hand that shit and Atleast come out even, stonks only go up
Sold NIO shares because this is no longer real life
Yes it has been!
How low could it go?
There is a lot of tickers that are vaguely associated with EVs and they are all pump and dumps rn. Just hop on and off.
[deleted]
Get out
I hope you autists had day trades left to get out while the getting was good
Oh fuck should I get out of NIO?
This was a week ago too lol
damn straight,moon mission will resume
PLTR gang chillin, not getting bearish reports written about them 😎😎
buy NIO dip or don’t complain about it
We buying the NIO dip now or later? lol
[deleted]
It will before EOD
ZM getting bodied
Chances of an FSR pullback on Monday

I wanna hop in
Nio 11/13 calls, Nio 11/20 calls, XPEV and LI 11/20 calls. Solo 3/21 calls
Just got 5.93$ apple dividend. 

Thank you for happy meal..
how courteous of nio to give us a beautiful dip before blasting off to 60 monday
Wtf is going on with nasdaq
NIO. Another loss. Another loss.... dj khaledddd
Yeah so I guess 0dte credit spreads on NIO was not the brightest idea
Talks so slow
Sold all my nio just before the pump fml
Like that a generation of NIO bag holders was born
Lololl damn I feel like most ppl jumped on the Sacais so the dunks were easy to cop in the first couple of minutes
Lol you bought the top 🤣, rip
musical chairs market
NIO is a buy at 25
God stocks are so fucking gay
No
Good luck 🍀
Goddam hey.
BYE NIO LOLOL
Catch the PLTR train, Monday will continue to 🚀
nio earnings next week you know they going to moon regardless how bad it is, buy the gyna dip this is not the first time they've gone from green to red mid day then proceed to hulk dick the put holders the rest of the day
Pypl and Fb getting murked. The fuck
[deleted]
[removed]
what happened?
Wow son you are getting big
Oh no your $500 account is in trouble
A clown costume 🤡🤡
i am so fucked with PLTR....naked sold Dec 11 $15 Calls, still have time...
That’s going to be a no from me dog, I’ve had my fun already
Lmaoooo this aged well
pcg has to be the easiest sure thing for a free money, provided you only have leaps and shares
NIO SHORT GANG FEELIN' GOOOOOD
Yes lol
Below 50 now D:
Palantir breaking 16, get in nerds
[deleted]
Is Papa Elon going to make it?
damn NIO drilling. see yall at 35.
I went in with 250 shares on pltr to valhalla we go brothers
I sold NIO high today, and just bought back in.
Why not
[deleted]
Fight it nio !!!!
Yeah?
Pltr 20c 11/20 down bad rn
Would you go up man
[deleted]
Probably going to touch both 46 and 56 within the next week. Place your bets, gentlemen!
Everything I touch dies
lol
Dumb NIO bulls are about to get IV crushed and destroyed by any drops lmaooooo
[deleted]
[removed]
Good luck
[deleted]
Agreed. I Hope you are doing well and trading with a clearer head/mind. If your mind isn't clear then you shouldn't be trading at all full stop.
Wish I had a free wholesome award I could give
This is a Shit post
Cool can sell later pltr and buy nio. Good day.
NIO keeps dipping
That's right. And remember NEVER use your own money for options. Only the broker's or an albanian moneylander's!
how credible is citron?
Typical Friday profit taking dump for NIO which means load up on calls
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
How are you guys crying on NIO right now
gyna ev rotation into NKLA short squeeze
[deleted]
sup with ttd?
too soon.. still holding
1yr $50

Lots of catalyst with rona vaccine, big brother tapping our phones, international contracts
Melons a big boy, he can save himself.
Impossible to know where we’ll all be in 2025... 🙄😒
# MORE NIO CALLS
How does it feel to be an All American?
how many years did you age during this ride?
Mamma said buy the nio dip
What point does nio free fall? 47?
Here's a comment that makes sense. I like your thinking.
spy has no business in mid 350's. no steam left. plz die now
So it’s definitely going to $70 first, now that they have called for $25.
And NIO is rising again

Stupid 🌈🐻 just threw away free money by not cashing in on that dip

53 EOD at least
Monday gonna be green as always?
[deleted]
I’m fucked.
Up 500 to down 200. Fucking NIO man.
Dead cat bounce there on NIO
Wha???? T!

Congrats on the success
Hey it's me your father, I just got back from the store
lol everyone already knows that 2020 is the year the fed completely took over the markets
save elon
FSR looking stong today!!
Told y’all not to sleep on it going to $20 next week
i bought at the very top
NOO MY PORTFOLIO!
Ugh, deleted it instead of editing.. it just did after I bought a call, it’s dying 😄
NIO bears going crazy rn, but we’re still up 4% lol
TSLA can start jelqing its way back to $500 again. That would be neat.
Probably the most convenient calls to place that I can remember, for myself. Time to get cute though and place puts.
[removed]
Umadbro
Very true
Citron trying to kill the meme
Buying the dip
SHOULD I GTFO OF NIO?
Every dip in NIO. "I told you guys this would happen good luck retards"  


Five min later back up. Same thing everyday. Must be hard being that angry all the time but I would be too if I missed out.
[deleted]
Cool $500 off NIO puts

Shit is too easy
That's because they're stupid and actually made cars. Also I was referencing SOLO which is going up because it just has EV in it's description
Same
🤣
Why did I sell NIO puts a few minutes ago. Scarety cat me
LOL the money losing downvote squad in full effect.
What are you wearing
Nio 45 EOD
Beyond meat being beyond gay rn
Citron Research came out with a negative report on NIO before opening a short position on it. Buy the dip and hold. Fuck them they did this multiple times with TSLA
Bought this morning huh?
COST and MSFT you aren’t overbought at all I don’t care what the meanies keep telling you
[deleted]
NIO just had to stop at the gas station for fuel and a drink real quick 😤
I don’t cheer for people to lose money, but if your holding a bullish position on TTD you deserve to lose it all
Solo
does nio go up to atleast 52 again?
[removed]
its too inconsistent and unproven for me. it boomed once last night. at least with NIO, its pretty linear. i would personally swing trade on NIO

with NIO if shit hits the fan you wont get a big loss, if u do u can hold out and recover it back. but i can see SOLO dropping $2-3 in a day and maybe not recovering
Same...
You’ll be down today but you’ll be up all next week.
Reload
hop in solo, we're rallying
Did you even see the AH yesterday? It closed at 329 but jumped all the way to 335 after market closed. Too much for my brain to process
" [$NIO](https://twitter.com/search?q=%24NIO&src=cashtag_click) shares heading back to $25, Citron Research says "
Lol. ‘I love the body of that EV. Nio Homo’.
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ all your answers right here
They don't want us to win!!!!!! - DJ Khaled
If come to this thread looking where to YOLO your rent money, I just have one thing to say. Welcome home
Let us know next time u buy something tard
Can i die with you?
earnings tuesday before or after close?
Zooms dying bro :/
I’m not sure what to call it. They call it Mongolian death metal. It’s catchy
You’re not the only one bud, im in the same boat. Just holding and praying for another run up which at this point looks fucked.
You’re smart
PLTR time to shine
It has to be all the NIO bulls
Don't give me that bullshit about FuDaMeNtAlS when we all know damn well that this market is ran by a bunch of monkeys on iPhones. A bunch of companies cost like 100 years worth of revenues without showing much growth and absolutely no profit.
Congrats retard
Two things never stop bleeding: Bad gums and Bear Anus'
You are a stronger soul than I, my friend 😔
When you call it a “dip” but it’s gone from +20% to +5%😂
53.3 .... different number same pain
Except BABA
[This video should help you out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4uqr0Lbo6I&ab_channel=dcwsnx).
Hey theta gang, when you sell puts, are those contracts effected by IV?
NIO for life, NIO for death
THANK YOU FELOW AUTISTS FOR POINTING OUT MY RETARDATION! 

&#x200B;

I DUMPED MY NIO POSITION AT THE ABSOLUTE PEAK AND NIO HAS FALLEN 5% IN THE LAST 25 MINUTES!
If you think nio is worth more than Ford right now then sell it if you think people will come to their senses (as they always do and panic sell, look at Tesla for example) then hold it. I know I’m holding mine :)
I went all in on SOLO and NIO, probably gonna hold through earnings on NIO and hope for a xpev like run after
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ they seem retarded af
Maybe don’t buy at the top retard
Buy the nio dip you stupid sons of bitches
Pltr 0dte if it crosses 16 could actually work, but be careful
I'm pretty sure it's false negative in his case, and he should know that 4 is a pretty small sample size to determine whether it's problematic or not.

2 weeks ago I got tested because our contact tracing app told me I have been in contact more than 15 minutes with someone infected. I got tested but the nurse told us that the policy was to still self quarantine for 14 days, whatever was the result. We were both negative and still went through with it as it just doesn't make sense to risk it. In our case though Canada does it way better and we can be supported financially through it (we didn't need to go through theses programs though as I work from home and my GF's business is closed). 

The tests are essential to determine the propagation and increase/decrease the amount of measure to contains it. Its false negative rate doesn't matter much I think.
Guys someone help me someone help me please
Someone reply tell me they held their nio calls I am dhing
[deleted]
BEAR TRAP INCOMING
PLTR time bros
[deleted]
Haha, awesome man. Did you have shares?
Citron is down on NIO? Ok ill buy now
PLTR
Looking like it’ll end around 52 now. There’ll be another pump next week right before earnings where I’m guessing it’ll reach close to 60
I think he is the hooker that the entire CCP has been going on sex marathons with over the past weeks.
Probably a good opportunity to buy the dip if you have the balls.
Nio with the incoming rally....📈
[deleted]
I'm 19 and turned 3k into 11k earlier this year. 

Convinced myself I can stretch my car budget from $12k to $20k, so I bought the car I've been lusting for the past couple years. 

My all time gains currently sits at like $500 ._.
I can't even buy this fucking nio dip my calls I sold at +9% are worth 5% more at +4%, apparently.
pro tip

wait for this guy to panic sell for a loss and then buy back in right as he does it so you can scalp a quick 20-30% gain
oh shit, cool. I been looking into overnight trading. im intrigued
Who has the hemorrhoid cream? My ass is starting to hurt
What did they do
man glad I didnt FOMO everything into NIO and for the little I did do I put a stop limit in
Same
Fucking Tim Apple do something
Bought NIO at $54. AMA.
Also XPEV is heavily invested in by Baba, they got big pockets. Probably the brightest future
hahahaha NIO upward momentum firing up again.
ZM calls at open was not the move
My gains did great 1000$+ in Nio gains congrats to all
Amazing how we get to see the 1day chart of the almighty NIO 2020 bubble pop. In 20yrs when NIO is back at $4 people will wonder what happened in 2020
imagine not selling your nio this morning at 54
You soon if a bish, I'm'n .....
You sure have filled me with hope! 😂 

Bought on open sold quickly on th way down for a small gain - got greedy bought in again.... pain ... lots of pain rn.

We looking good for earnings ?
Chinese EVs failing just like all the parts that go into their products
DKNG ceo looks like a serial killer
[deleted]
of course they have almost infinite liquidity in comparison to your average retail trader. on spy they just keep reloading the bids. it is actually crazy. i feel so bad for people who are bearish the indices.
Why are we punishing FSLY?
NIO not going below $50 watch out 🌈🐻
pltr is the next NIO!
[deleted]
When do we reload on nio tho 🤔
Trevor-chan Milton-sama announces blossoming friendship with Chinese government. ✌️📈
Really glad I didn’t sell puts on NIO
BABA: I guess I’ll die now
Downvote fairy is salty today.
[removed]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/markyboy_1999 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol damn you took that personally

Hope you sold em at the peak. I peeped the option chain near today's high
RemindMe! Next Tuesday at 9am
Yall better buy that dip while it lasts
Die SNAP.
It's fallen 7% in half an hour pal
Nio $30 EOD
Baba has drained my account..
Scary play
Not sure I would consider it death metal, still a banger though.
Bye bye SNAP
Nio to the moon
Because you didn't buy
Thanks for calling the top, buddy. WSB Euphoria is a leading market indicator. Up 30% on my puts today. Cute the down votes
feel free to elaborate...
Not scared at all honestly 



https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/
DKNG ceo so boring
nice nio dip
Sold my NIO puts for 100% in matter of 15 mins
0DTE puts up bigly
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5au7s
Alright that's it, now I have something really personal against Ma. I need to have a talk with him.  *loads shotgun*
oh lawd a mercy.. took a shit and EV going down
A lil swing trade then? Maybe 🤔
was 25% in April
It could get a lot worse. Sucks because I'm 80k deep atm.
Where I work we've had 3 different logitech keyboards (used by 3 different people, so not just one guy with really strong left pinky), all have their LCTRL key fall off because the shitty plastic moulding.

Logitech is not quality. I've had more success with Razer products despite the meme reputation for making flimsy products.
Holy shit every post here is about NIO

This place is a disease
It’s ass I had my order submitted within three seconds on the sacais and I missed on those but I submitted my order at 10:01 on the dunks and hit on those. I was pissed because I got the dunks
The fact the S&P is at these levels is the genuine definition of autistic..I put up with the bs tech surge, because it actually has a somewhat decent explanation. This is straight retarded though
You won't.
NIO profit taking in action.
nio dip bu ybuy buy
I feel lucky I took profits on this and SOLO.
Every time I buy in I get fucked. Jesus christ
And I’m freeeeeeeeeeeee , freee Fallin fallin
Who’s that cunt downvoting all new posts? Did you lose money you stupid loser cunt
BABA is my worst trade ever, dont f with Xi
We keep getting chances 😂😅😒
I shouldn't constantly at my retard portfolio. These wild swings you get with options are stressing me out lol.
NIO call holders are going to be left holding the bag
At 54 i decide to FOMO into NIO...like every time ... -.-
[deleted]
NIO paper hands in brambles
Hoooold
[deleted]
HahHahah
What thing lol it dipped hard
Nio fire trash now
DVD you say? Calls on Blockbuster
Jump on pltr
Nice I get to buy the nio dip
PCG, NIO looking good
Lmao rekt
It we be the beginning to my wealth. Take out a loan for puts.
Positions are NIO, $50 Call and $55 Call 11/13

Happy Friday everyone, and may your gains do well
I thought I had diamond hands but it turns out I’m just retarded
some eccommerce etf getting hit hard rn, good thing got outta those plays
This TDOC drop is really frying my bacon
Nio 55 EOD
Cool. I’ll be out on Monday
Solo has little to no potential X Factor if u dig into it besides being an EV company
Shaking out the weak hands
It’ll go back up hold
Sell your EV stocks and get into PLTR
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ post about it here
Maybe buy another dip? 😂
lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
BUY THE DIP $NIO
[deleted]
My NIO 11/20 42p starting to print. Do I hold or just close it? I’m expecting a selloff after earnings
If you’re a pussy then buy an etf and go to r/investing

What kind of retard comes to the casino, doubles their money on blackjack, and then complains to all the other gamblers how scared they are of losing their gains while mid hand?
More like the jump 😭
Yet here you are, welcome back my son
Dude, when most of WSB are long one stock, you should not post anything negative about it. People will hate you and downvote you.
Everyone taking their profits right now. I’ll wait.
this thread is addressed specifically to people already holding NIO
Haha I was just gonna say there must be a downvote monster in the sun
[deleted]
SOLO is not even considered an EV by the government, people are just dumb
i TrIeD tO wArN yOu

that's you. that's what you look like when you say that.
BABA, you have been my greatest disappointment.
I feel ya. I almost lost my principal before election by going all in. Sure it's "just money" but you don't wanna be digging a hole into your finances more than you need to. It's a terrible feeling
I inversed myself and it didnt work now I just feel more retarded then usual
Nio Bears really like getting fucked in the ass don’t they
L8r NIO

Hope some of y'all bought my call spreads at $53 lmaoool
[deleted]
Therefore, calls it is
IV is a bitch
pltr
Lol spy. Lockdowns, no stimmy, contested election. Moooooon
Only today?
Shh don’t tell em
Uhh what? You sound like a crazy person.
Why did I go balls-deep 55 strike calls at the top? Went from 12k to 3k now Fuck
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I am convinced the only ones owning Nio stock is some companies, swiss banks, a few Chinese billionaires and WSB retards.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jthbgz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jthbgz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Rich_at_25, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
4010580301
theoriginofstorms
NIO tanking as Citron gonna open a short position soon. Citron says 25$ is NIO fair value.
This. It could have a 1000 mile range but a 3-wheeler in the US is DOA
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
FOMO any day this week would’ve made me rich but I kept ignoring, it has to be too late at this point right?
Fuck you Citron
Jack Ma sending caravan of hookers to Chinese govt as we speak
That transition from wizard bull to greedy pig happens in a flash. Millions in unrealized gains will be lost today on this sub
How the fuk does the QQQ gap up 50 cents or is my chart fuk
BABA calls
Doubled down in it
I swear, it feels like the only thing holding up this market is algorithms.
Yes...of course...
It’s lookin like my nio is about to stop loss boys pray for me
oof
Shares at $26 average
[deleted]
You don’t know what you’ve just done 📉
Alright Tesla you did the fake pump bullshit. Time to show your true colors and dump again
opinions on selling my 60c 05/21 before ER or hold them through ER?
RIP baba
I mean.... It seems like a good stock and company but 'Mercedes and BMW' quality isn't praise.... Those cars are pieces of shit from a quality control standpoint and the companies just sell the established brand.
Bot trading should be banned
NIO $45 EOD, sorry bulls
Damn you got some balls. Best of luck to your puts, you should be right
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ I knew it
nope
97% actually.
LMAO
who’s the salty bitch downvoting everything?
Nio was mooning at this time yesterday bud, i think were fucked
NIO puts.
We said that about TSLA.
Don’t buy this dip.. not this time
If we are going by confirmed cases divided by confirmed covid deaths that is inaccurate. Going by anything else is speculation. The flu would actually be a way bigger deal if 200 million people a year in the USA got it, as some estimates have said that many have gotten covid. Either way covid is likely to be in the top 3 causes of death in the USA this year
I bought and sold SOLO within a span of 10 minutes, like a jackass. Lost 15 dollars.
Tbh I just keep gobbling up baba calls.
"Breaking: China congratulates Joe Biden on presidency. In other breaking news, Chinese stocks soar by 120%"
I don’t know why all I know is it hurts
Hi it’s me, Nio ceo.
F
Come on NIO get back up there!!! 47c 12/31
This man here is SMART AF.
NIO is so over bought the RSI has started going down because it literally can't go up any higher.
What’s the play on Solo? Hold long? Calls?
Well thats not always true, look at today’s DNKG or SNAP/PINS for example
Smart move, always sell before earnings if you can
Switching to baba puts I guess lol
PLTR touching 17 EOD..
Realistically asking, will NIO pump back up or is going to sit right around 50?
I have 5.5 and 7.5 calls
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ never panic with this god
Just hold it long term. In 3-5 years BABA will be at 330 probably
Not until you’re doing 200k and -60k
Doesn’t help much if the doctor tells you the results of your test, instead of a clear yes/no answer. Specially when the scientific community does not know as much about the virus as other illnesses, not blaming them here, it’s a new virus and is a hard one. But when average people ask their doctor, will I have long term symptoms? Will a vaccine be ready? Can I get re-infected? And the answer is “we don’t know” and also “this test shows you might (not) be positive”. You really think people are gonna rely on their doctors opinion?
Fomo moves to the others.   Tesla is just old news.  No more 10% pumps.   Great future but the run up is over.  Just gonna trade sideways and fade back to 300s
1000 dollars to yolo where to put it
Wait until the earnings after these console sales are done.
get out of that mess while you still can
don't pay attention to after hours non-sense. there is usually too little volume to gauge anything
[removed]
So how long can baba die?
Specially when trying to flip premiums with 20k
I left Wall Street bets and options and I’m finally making money again
NIOHOMO
[deleted]
Do not falter my brothers!!!! NIO won’t fail us!
Unless you bought a call expiring today you will likely be alright.
it's hard bro. Im hoping
Anyone else buy that SOLO dip?
I was actually considering selling puts too but I thought it was gonna drop so I didn’t buy them. Probably should have though lol
[deleted]
Where were you when the EV bubble popped!?
ZM over the weekend?
I just sold some puts at 260p. How fucked am I
>I short the SPX box as a way to access even lower borrowing rates

So, this guy also did something similar - using box spread to access low borrowing rate. I am not awake enough to find similarity here but maybe you'll find it interesting read

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fhgdra/i\_just\_woke\_up\_literally\_to\_a\_margin\_call\_from/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fhgdra/i_just_woke_up_literally_to_a_margin_call_from/)
This is such a fucking bad idea lol
solo doing that thing again...
$NIO 1Y graph looks ridiculous, little did I know Robinhood gifted me a $3 stonk last year that would turn into $53. Sold it at $1.5 btw.

Buy high, sell low professional retard.
Hold I guess. EV market retarded so may pay off
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/
Just doubled down on the NIO dip
That's a dangerous prospect on a meme stock with earnings coming up
SOLO aint proven enough to have that be considered a dip.
lol, solo making poverty 3 wheelers
It’s a shame what happened to Jack Ma🥶
Wow because big pharma has always been so credible and honest and not CONSISTENTLY the greediest group of corporations on the planet. You should Google Sackler pharma and “opioid crisis” might learn a thing or two. I’m bearish on reopening stocks but bullish on tech so get fucked
Leaps 16 Apr exp
Donkey Dick Doug
I wonder
I bought shares of PFE today (11/13/2020). Do I still qualify for the spin-off shares?
i really have to thank you all for a high five-figures of gains on the year

thanks to losing money with my wildly irresponsible gambling account, i completely lost the urge to day trade in my actual investment accounts.  best returns yet!
NIO lost like 3% and my put is the same price. Guh.
Bears see NIO dip for 5mins and finger themselves
I want to be like andrew left when i grow up bear king
where nio gonna end EOD?
Jack Ma is a baby faced bitch, all he had to do was tickle Xi’s pp
should be fine
No, adjust to the realities and accept she turning with the broad market.
Id vote for NIO if it ran against trump and Biden
Please sell NIO. Need more calls for Monday!!
Holy shit nearly 2.5% of NYC is infected??
Friday the 13th NIO massacre 🤣
🤣
I agree with you! Addressable market potential is fantastic - I don’t think most folks here fully understand how much the Chinese and Europeans love their little scooters. This one has a lot of room to run, give them a couple years and I can’t see how they’re not an $8 billion market cap company. 

Positions: Diamond hands holding 1,400 shares @ $28.
NIO bagholders know, its Pump PM, dump at open, recover BIGLY, moon AH
Shut the fuck up retard
good buy at 45
you wish
Here goes nothing, SOLO, change my life
He could probably buy it from you
Hey NIOtards, plenty of tendies ins FSR
that’s actually not a retard move I wish I would’ve did that when I was up 6k now I lost everything and have to play with a measly 500
Let it ride. I have faith my 290c 12/24 will print.
Good enough for me
wow, it is actually a dip.
If BABA breaks its 250 support we are absolutely fucked
Buy the NIO dip now last chance retards
Literally every move that I made is wrong today.
Where are the fuckers that said spy would drill at 352 yesterday
Why the fuck are travel and energy up?
Everything
Solo
Hmm, your pants are already down so someone’s gotta do it for you..😳
someone tell me why LI just crashed 10%
Stock dropped about 8% since then
[deleted]
Yeah I don't get this at all. At least the others make actual vehicles with more than 1 seat.
[removed]
SPY 3 Months looks funny
[deleted]
I am not sure if it's the IV or AMZN just always does daily rug pull.
NKLA squeeze is ON!
bought myself a Jan 15 '21 $24 Put yesterday, it is already up 30%
LOL They're trying to wipe out the NIO $50 stops.  Nice try MM.
Hopium gonna run out soon
Can mods ban NIO I hate seeing it
**Bear trap almost done.**
Curious what price on the calls?
heard it yesterday on news
Look at that bull flag bob ross is painting on PLTR
Buy high
That’s insanity
You are not the only retard. :(
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Darth_Chancho_23 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No. Legit produces 20% of consumer goods in China, the only major country that has Covid under control. I don’t care how low it drops, it just makes me want to buy more
I have been saying this for a fucking week check my comments
Sold and bought rolled it into NIO stock, am I retarded?
If NIO gets me house money I will send flower and chocolates to the CEO
i hate nkla
the NIO haters are just trolls. even if theres a red day or two, it will bounce back higher. its always done this. no stock is green every day.

those same people will say "fuuuckkkk... i shouldve bought it at 50"
You want to buy NIO on the dip? This IS the dip.
Chart of the most of EV stocks look very similar today, level 2 data shows similar order blocks of 100, 200, 300 shares.

Seems like these are mostly algo trading
TBH i'm not even mad I bought NIO at the top today. I got a December call instead of a weekly and I'll let it ride even if NIO goes red today. Earnings run up monday, tuesday rally from earnings beat and the rest of Nov to go to 80+. Take profits, buy back in at the bottom and let it ride.
\^\^ noob gobbling up the fear candles. do it get them putz
BABA 300 EOM
[deleted]
Guess who FOMOd into 0DTE $NIO calls.


It's me, I'm that retard
Just yolo'd the rest of my -80% account into 11/20 SOLO calls how fucked am I??
Dudes fucking chill Nio always dips every goddamn day at this time.
Who bought NIO @ 54? Cuz that must hurt 😔
I highly suggest you stop talking to her about it. She will not forget and 100% throw that shit back in your face when she wants to be a bitch.
Should’ve just sold everything 30 min ago and started over
hold long their releasing earning on tuesday
Blasphemy
Lol it’s been dipping for like 5 mins pal
Based comment is based
Wait till goes down to 90%.
Lol rotations out of NIO into TSLA
[deleted]
[deleted]
Calm down buddy
BABA only direction is downwards today. Even TSLA is popping its head above.
They have actual sales
guess im a girl now
I too am your girlfriend now!
This for sure. No way to get it under control at this point - little overboard imo but deblasio just gonna do it
Same bro fuck the bots too
12/4

detroit and chicago metro announced a lot of initial measures, ivy league cancelled winter sports, more lockdowns will come
$50 stop loss order for all my nio
Look out Bers, we back to no continuation of Berish patterns...
If you wanna yolo go in on jd for earning monday. Otherwise hold, BABA is too good to be at this level
I swear,bears see a little dip and start licking their lips
Look at the volume on PLTR, by next week any leap holders will be happy.
Promise land or Uighurs Concentration camp for "Reeducation"
Friendship will china EVs is over , what's the next play
I guess Citron Research is only short on NIO. They forgot to tweet about XPEV and LI. Bears are 🌈 GTFO
For an influential short firm like Citron, they sure do put out some ugly looking research papers..
[deleted]
Yes
 Imagine panic selling NIO on a Green Day because Citron put out a dump article. Chad bulls can’t relate 💎👋🏻
Didn't you know QQQ is now 66% NIO?
bet. i’m down 30% right now. it hurts. you down right now or up?
Sector rotation into scams like NKLA
Buy the solo dip
Up 70% on 11/13
I don’t have any NIO positions, just saying these articles are nothing more than manipulation to quickly scalp a lower entry point before people realize everything in the article is wrong and stonks only go up.
He also called out SQ
My smooth brain says of SPY hits 356.50 it will plummet to at least 345.
Got nio, bought it @17, but anything else?
PTON looking like a good buy  at $105, what do you guys think?
[deleted]
Yea I’m out. Couldn’t take it
I tried both the Sacais today but of course that shit sells out in the first 2 seconds
Spy volume sus
I bought 58 shares at 9.99. Love this stock! Currently 19 y/o w shares in $TSLA, $PLTR and $NIO . My 25 year old self will be a v happy man :)
BABA March 310c, down $1500 on these in just 2 days. This is stupidity. Such drop on long dated calls. Should I hold or cut loose? 😣😣😣😣
PTON dip is an easy buy, vaccine news way over hyped
💎🤲
Who's holding my GME back
Closed my calls at 1000% this morning. 

Looks like I got 10 birds today boyo. Can you lend me some hands?
When you’re up 770% but it’s on a $50 play because you lost all your money in September ($NIO)
All the evs did
[deleted]
SPY stock price is too low IMO
pigs gets slaughtered
Guys I'm about to faint someone tell me I'm not the only retard that didn't sell nio at the top please please I'm dying here
Why? There may be one other analyst who agrees with you lol
[All the retards who FOMO'd into NIO at the top](https://youtu.be/8AHCfZTRGiI)

I tried to [warn you retards](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5mo80/?context=3)
Bruh i got 300 at 3,5$ avg and sold at 20
Call me umpalumpa cause my hands short as fuck
Right with you.  Increased my buying power, kept some winners in.  Hedged with some SPY puts and just patiently waiting for the sale.
[deleted]
Yes
What’s the story here? It seems to be going down. Still 4 days?
One simple trick!
 Spy puts seem the obvious play here boys.
I understand NIo and other Chinese EVs, they are selling products. Fisker is 2 years away, this was just pump! That shit stock was doing same whole summer! Up and down!
I see you've learned of the sweet, sweet reality of IV crush
Musk can suk my di#ck.
Probably the 2023 Bronco will have a raptor trim level.
Nio
What the f is keeping qqq green? All my individual stocks are red.
Anyone have good plays over the weekend? Today has made no sense to me so far.
Bye1
NKLA showing Chinese companies how to do fraud right. American-style
LOL...looks like big dump on NIO
I don't think anything can be done by Ma.

First of all he isn't in control of BABA anymore. Secondly even if he comes out and apologizes etc etc that won't do anything for investor sentiment.

The Chinese officials probably wouldn't acknowledge it anyway and we are still going to be stuck waiting for everyone to forget about it and bank on people realising it actually doesn't affect BABA at all.

Unfortunately it could be until January until next BABA earnings that actually comes to fruition.
That will honestly print. Congrats on the future gains
was selling at 1.95 for 11/20c.   now it is $1 lower.  Stand by.  20% guaranteed return felt good for a week while I gamble on other options.
Tsla has ended red for the past monthssss
Up 100% in 10 minutes on NIO 0dte 50 puts
Fuck stocktwits for saying invest in LI
Not yeeeet
SOLO fizzled out.
its friday boys. please don't force any trades today trying to win back this week's losses. trust me i had a horrible week, my second worst week of the year, but im not going to dig myself in a deeper hole trying to win it back. ill take my L, regroup this weekend and start it up again next week.

just keep grinding it out boys don't steal from your future by making rash decisions.
Good morning! Enjoy! Be sure to go spend a little bit on yourself every once in a while. This is the weekend :)
I bought NIO at 52 but it’s ok cause we’re headed to 60 boys, just refueling for the launch
No. NIO will cut down to XPEV’s market cap bc they’re so similar. Which is half NIO’s current share prices. Good luck.

I’ve been saying this all week check my history. No one listens.
I like you style. Home run or bust.
XPEV not moving
You don’t wanna drive around the Esper car from rocket league?
Too much time still.
All you fuckers who panic sold NIO gonna be real upset EOD
Right? Fucking nervous
&#x200B;

what are we holding over the weekend boys?
Buy NIO dip
if youre scared then take profits this is why everyone loses their accounts
 Bout to be so many nio bagholders lol
Fuck me, sold my nio puts at the top today.
LADS. Lads. NIO is getting a battery swap, just chill, we got this
Shares?
I am in and this is true.
Already did
Are people buying SOLO just because it is a EV?   
Or are people expecting 3 wheeled vehicles to be the future?
Yep this is why I am not going to get back in until after earnings, because earnings seems to fuck everything up every time
Y’all really saw NIO have an insane rally and aren’t taking profits? Peak WSB
I figured it would be more of a buy and hold, they aren't going to be selling cars until 2022-2023, but still have had quite a run since ipo a couple weeks ago. They're contracted with a german manufacturer to make the ocean and it seems pretty legit. will supposedly be affordable too, like a $380 / month lease
I love this company’s gaming accessories. Up nearly 50% on shares and 160% on LEAP. 👍🏽
Bubbles can burst??!!
NIO puts looking juicy
You heard it hear first. Nyc about to lock down and schools going remote
[deleted]
wow its a good thing I got out of my dying BABA calls earlier, this thing is drilling all the way to China
Nio 55 end of day, bear lick butthole
CCP sending BABA to xinjiang
Wait for the dip. Don’t lose all your weekly gains like mr lol
This is the way
Lol mine got more valuable when it was going up
Sounds like a solid gold asshole
here we go back in SOLO
Do feel bad lm right there with you
$30k into BABA 270c 6/18/21
When buying the fattest Nio dip ever is still buying at 5.5% 🥴 did it anyway
[removed]
Down on 70% on my BABA December calls. Do I sell now boys?
FSR moon mission  🚀
NIO 35 by Tuesday
When you buy calls on the first dip from ath you tend to lose money
Tasty Nio dip😋
Cant believe my PLTR dec calls are not as fucked as i thought theyd be🤗

PLTR $17 next week!
Sorry guys who have NIO, my bad. I just bought before the drop. This ones on me
Good god the price of NIO puts
Lmaoooo I hate when that happens.
No
NIO 24p Feb 21
A noose
CHYNA EV calls boys, this is the fucking way
Guys I think my robinhood is broken. NIO appears to be going down
If this is a serious question you should read a book
Works until it doesn't
I might start a religion after you. You are the GOAT.
Same. Down 25K. Maybe market makers wanna fuk with us. Let’s just all pretend we bought puts
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/


It really is that easy
Are they pushing the car up a hill today?
Nio eod 40
don’t say that😔
BABA ceo
Closed my $10 11/20 calls for 1000% this morning lmao. 

Still have rest of port in PLTR equity long.
[deleted]
Probably a dumb move, but I sold some 15p at open for $200, they’re up by 20% rn though. I’ll show you gain/loss porn when I’m assigned, haha
The entire chinese market is suffering rn, I would sell while you can
Did yah buy the top son?
[deleted]
I believe this is called catching the knife not buying the dip.
its way too high. much needed correction. ER may reset it I feel.
This is the right place for the clueless. Make yourself comfortable.
Dunks or sacais?
Let me send my cashapp
Just needs his morning coffee.
It looks like batmobile for poor ppl!
If you're so confident skip a step and buy puts
Smart man. I got greedy and now hate myself lol
guys nio just mooned 30% its just consolidating and going to hold 50 for a week then moon next week again ^__^
It's not even about wealth. I like Bezos.

It's more that there's nothing scarier than a neckbeard drunk on power.
Hope you did it. Huge winner!
You aren’t in the right place to be posting gains of 500 dollars. That amount of money nobody here gives a fuck about because that’s a bi-weekly paycheck for a lot of folks. Go to babystreetbets, they might actually care
Mix in your family’s tears to turn it into a mortar-like substance.
YESSSSS
Gutted not having access to options rn
Don’t sleep on Lordstown Motors and their EV truck.

They’re targeting fleet sales, not consumer. They have a working demo truck. They have a factory they bought from GM. They have 40,000 fleet preorders. They got acquired by a SPAC in September, so they’re sitting on $675 million reserves to get things in order. 

They’re targeting first deliveries for next September which would put them as first to market with an EV truck.
Cut in half Tuesday
An order I placed got filled because I forgot to cancel so lost all my gains for the day 🤛😁🙏
Don’t get caught holding the bag.
Somebody tell me when the FSR top is so I can take my winnings and leave. I’m scared
More like $160
Zm could you stop weighing down my portfolio?
Volume off a cliff. Time for some serious drilling.
Fuckin Baba taking my EV tendies. :(
Right here! 

I just looked, I can’t even buy the calls right now for what I own it at and yet my asshole is as wide as the Grand Canyon.
DIE NIO
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stay strong man. Hopefully you bought options that expire at least a few weeks out.
Yea fuckin BABA
Looks like more room to droo
Fuck NIO all my ni🅱️🅱️as are in fisker
I BELIEVE
What happened? Oh hahaha nio take profits no shit!
Winnie the pooh: look at me im baba ceo now
NKLA has liftoff!!
Lol not for long
My 2 upvote bear comment is what destroyed the great people's EV rally of 2020
Fair enough
F
Bc NIO is going to 35 Tuesday
BIGC is fucked
20 dollar yolo, what is it
Bought. If you’re wrong you have to tell me where you live.
research smesearch
Dude, at least in America, most people don’t even know how to do long division on paper, have fun relying on them understanding probabilities.
I have so many limit buys waiting for any sort of drop...
[deleted]
not if you got in at 38 a whole 3 days ago retard
It's not about the sentiment fren, sentiment only gives you initial screener for pump and dump.  It's about the company, it's industry, etc.  TSLA had similar sentiment first time it hit 420 what feels like a lifetime ago
Gonna be nice to be cash gang going into next week when EVERYTHING will be on sale
Got out of my NVDA and ZM calls at open without taking a loss.

I don't feel good about either right now. NVDA is being hit by AMZN and AAPL making their own chips in house. We'll probably see some kind of rally before earnings, but it's too risky imo.

ZM is being hit by vaccine hype in light of how heavy it dropped on PFE news. Earnings are coming up and I'll consider reentering under 400.
Nio puts printing
I’m sleepy but the portfolio is too red for me to take a nap during trading hours
230
I sold already we good
Idk politics bruh
Yay! My NIO puts are happy!
my life
Guys I'm about to pass out, do we diamond hands or not
Fucking fucked on diamond handing li auto. Fuck me.
I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2020-11-20 15:25:51 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-20%2015:25:51%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsy8jo/keep_going_daddy/gc5q0yo/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjsy8jo%2Fkeep_going_daddy%2Fgc5q0yo%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-20%2015%3A25%3A51%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jsy8jo)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
[deleted]
Earnings was strong. I’m in bullish call spreads long dated
Life is so quiet now. I feel like my common sense is being contradictive, yet colder for it.
Zoom weeklies r eating me alive td
Car looks fucking stupid
Following
Nope. It’s up 400% since March. It’s overvalued. SP 500 rejected them bc of sus balance sheet. It’s a fraudulent company. It is worth maybe $100. Trading at 4 times that how can it go on a run. Look at the last 2 months of trading
Elon is still trying to self-justify acting like covid was just the flu back in the spring. Not very engineer-ly of him.
I did!
NIO HEADED TO $35
Let’s see zm drill to 300 today
You’re right bro, I should be happy with any profit. Gotta switch up my mindset, thanks. Have a good one and let’s make some more money 😼
Me
Tim Apple taking my tendies all week
Almost had it!
Not gonna buy nio puts because I can't exit them before the weekend
We gonna have a WMT pump next week for earnings?
im killing it on NIO but i made the same mistake with Tesla and sold it off at a small profit for some other trash stocks a few yrs ago.

I like to accumulate assets when they are low and not play price and time games with options.

Just keep on the lookout for the next opportunity in the right industry.

Private space industry, Distributed ledger technology, Renewable energy these industries are going to 100x in the next 15 years. keep your eyes peeled for the hype company in these industries
Guess I’ll buy Baba at 240
TSLA fans got out and gonna wait for substantial news on Berlin, Batteries and Deliveries.
Is solo fucked? Lololol
Who ? Panama jack?
XPEV, LI AND NIO PUTS BOUT TO EAT
Why TF are my PLTR calls that expire today worthless when it’s up 7% what the hwll
imagine if you could gamble stonks on dkng?
BIGC Goldman dump
I'm in this fight with you bro. Bought yesterday again thinking, "264, what an amazing entry."

\*opens acct this morning

GUHHHH

Anyways, this WILL go up. it's just a matter of when
!remindme 1 week
Do we still think HCAC has potential
lol i bought 100 shares as it rose and then sold them asap when it dove deep. i lost about $40.....

i fomo'd and panic sold because it started dropping. im only sticking to blue chip stocks like NIO for example. theres not much info or potential with SOLO if you really dig deep... NIO on the other hand is a different story.

maybe i will regret pulling out at the end of the day, but meh. ill stick to NIO if were doing EV's...
best thing about getting premium is seeing the stonk move against you expiration day but time is on the seller's side 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I took an L on all 3 snkr drops today :/
BABA killing me. Any chart freaks know where the low for BABA is.
>4House
FSR  🚀  🚀
Lol.. As NIO was mooning a couple of weeks ago and SOLO was still in the mid 2’s I thought to myself: what if I bought some 2021 calls? Naaah.. up 300% now of course.
Well, I have 200K worth of calls and I’m down 25K so yeah
JPM trading metals again ?
Bro, MSFT went from $200 to $220 like a week or so ago.  Maybe 2.  That was a big enough move to cash in on.
Rip PTON
10x 12/18 70c. LI had lackluster earnings and mooned. Pushing the bottom like on what everyone and anyone is willing to start investing in EV. It’s the new wave and big money is starting to all realize this is it. ICE is dying. NIO will have the best earnings out of all of the Chinese EV over the last week and completely explode. I mean. Like 70-80 explode. Don’t doubt your vibe.
Yea. Jack Ma knew better than to speak out against the CCP.
Tried as well to get those sacais. Fuck sneakers app.
I have a NIO call right now, and had one last week, made some $$ but at this point I’ll probably lose it back
Both
Guys nio
Always knew you were a girl

You definitely throw like one
I have puts, but no, this will keep going up.
[deleted]
I remember the 🍋 article on SHOP years ago where it dropped for like 2 days and people were panicking, and then it proceeded to gain 150+% in the following month. This is a non-issue.
[deleted]
do you want to own some land, or a house on that land?
NIO 45 EOD
I got my last 1K in options. Doing shares with the rest now.
NKLA mooned afterwards and since nio isn't rolling its cars downhills I'm confident Citron is dumber than people on here.
Whos getting fucked by zoom?
See you on Monday
When you buy the dip ... BUT IT KEEPS DIPPING
Hope your position isn’t too big come the cut in half Tuesday
All in on chewy. Back to 70 EOM
[deleted]
I have questions
[deleted]
Their research is also pooptastic
[deleted]
[deleted]
To SELL as if we are in a PANIC is pretty common sense. SPY is RED so SELL is what I would do as this DIPS
See you monday
TDOC what’s going on bby?
NIO look out below !
That’s the fattest NIO dip ive seen and you idiots aren’t going to buy....
Probably not but we’ll see
June? Lmao
You made money. Literally wasting emotions thinking about lost gains. Be happy you won.
If I had a weak hand in NIO I’d be thinking about getting out, this thing is due for a hefty pullback and shitron has catalyzed many of those in the past
NIO had a small dip like this yesterday before reaching a new high

This is the last discount you guys are gonna get so don’t waste it
But the question is whether XPEV and Li will follow suit?  They already reported.
[deleted]
just healthy profit-taking....watch it climb back up soon
WHAT ARE YOU DOING. GO BUY EV STOCKS RIGHT FUCKING NOW STOP BITCHING GET YOUR LIFE TOGETHER. YOU'RE LITERALLY TYPING THIS PARAGRAPH, YOU COULD HAVE BOUGHT 50 CENT SOLO OPTIONS 12/18 IT WENT UP 400% IN 1 MINUTE LOL STOP SULKING GET YOUR LIFE TOGETHER. OPPORTUNITIES ONLY COME WHEN YOU LOOK FOR THEM
Sell it now!
Leaps
Jesus fucking christ do I just cut my losses on BABA at this point? Shares at 287 and don't want to sink more cash into this position
Please explain your astute analysis for what happened with Tesla then? Seems like you just can’t believe it and are trying to apply some sort of false logic
You’re a bit late
No FOMO
elon has covid
NIO ran outta gas.
Retard
covid resurgence this weekend. Load up on SPY puts
I sold mine and bought shares
Dumb kids and bored women

Like most apps if it went away nothing would be lost
If you are cool selling and not looking at it then do it. I just don't think it makes sense to buy leaps and sell on small dips that probably barely dented your potential gains
[deleted]
never
I’m on calls retard I was implying your a pussy for buying shares. I’ll buy you ps5 when I come over your house to see your mom😘
How far out?
Not necessarily. With all medical testing, whether a positive test increases the likelihood you have the disease/illness depends on the prevalence in the general population and the sensitivity of the test.

https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/what-is-bayess-theorem-an/
Even next week. Kinda too far.

As soon as I breakeven am out of chinese stocks. I advice you do the same.

Just not worth the headache quite frankly.
I’m never playing options again
I always sell woth a trailstop to avoid exactly this
Don’t let the Nio haters poison your mind and rob you of your gainz! Happened to me twice but I’m back in
Let's be honest. Nobody cares today as everyone is too busy trying to make money off of NIO to actually do their due diligence of research and assess if the company itself is right for investing properly.
Alright, let’s see those 0DTE PLTR put losses for betting against the deep state
Bought 2 11/13 $50c NIO calls yesterday at like .64, pussied out as soon as I could make profit. Got in again around .80. Pissed myself all night until I woke up this morning to robinhood telling me $51 in pre market, sold at 3.60 and 3.80. Wish I could’ve gone in deeper but I’m broke
stop being a fucking pussy and buy more calls.
get AMD for graphics card drop on the 18th
Jack ma needs to finish his reeducation already.
Been inching up all week and it tanks as soon as I buy calls. Uncanny
You stop whining like a bish and then break out the fun coupons
Don’t buy the dip lmao not today
Me too
Buy more nio, can't go tits up
dumb
[removed]
Just Google their "vehicle" lol. Nio is selling real cars by the tens of thousands in a country with 1.6 billion people that wants to go 1/4 electric by 2025, solo has one of the ugliest vehicles ever made by man.
If nio hits 50.00 I’m locking my gains
^(gay)
Puts are printing
No, its pumped when for a pullback! Look for around 13! That shiwt was doing same thing whole summer from 18 to 11 and back to 18! W8, trust me! Too high for a prototype vehicle!
Msft is the biggest cuck. Hasn’t moved in like 3months
Yessir
That’s a fact. Fucked everyone
I know a guy that knows someone, who became a very very rich man doing that.
Also love the new Ranger! I’d take a bronco and ranger tmrw.
Don’t trip this the dip
TSLA is going into my ass blackhole deep
>PLTR

It needs to break the 16.6 resistance  LETS GET IT
NIO NIO NIO NIO
I’m all in on these, hopefully puts around 41 today and phat gap up for Monday then don’t hold it till expiry ofc, it’ll be in the money when u sell it
Herro Prease
[deleted]
Is $BABA done for?
[deleted]
Whoever bought SOLO at +50% after hearing one random person on the internet tell you to deserves to lose money
Yes
anyone that like explaining things wanna tell me what a debit spread is and when its most useful
Jack made a powerful enemy
dam you right. how much % gains u make?
Yes it’s scary but this is also I think what happened with TSLA. I was up 200% yesterday and pulled out at 150% (small play so don’t think I made a lot lol)
What if they have only 4 Xbox in every store which is what I experienced.
I’m long gme by the way
[deleted]
PANIC SELL NIO ITS GOING TO 30 EOD
Rough
just poverty and no part time jobs thanks to covid
Not a day to buy the dip on ev
[deleted]
I have. He seems like a good person and I like him. Elon is Elon tho. Plus it was a joke not a personal attack against your dad
Ok taking your advice at face value and buying solo puts
[deleted]
Is it legal for Tesla to be doing this all week?
Cramer says musk is wrong lol
Bruh the DIP
I’m dumb bought at 53/share I’m down 4% I’m dumping it if it goes -10%
[deleted]
Are you serious? This has all been a massive run up for NIO earnings. They’re going to release and be identical to XPEV, and they’re gonna get cut down to the same market cap as XPEV in a massive value drop. Good luck.

If you think there are any earnings numbers that justify this 20%+ climb with no news.... good luck.
Get out
Basically the same boat. Don't let the rich guys here from good families and connections get to you.
heres another NIO dip that'll make you wish you weren't a gay bear
Literally waiting for this
Thanks man
My order on SNKRS app didn’t go thru and I sold my NIO calls yesterday, what a sad day 😢
PLTR shares in like 5 years
Maybe not. I think we got a bit before any rug pull happens IMO
Haha it's okay. I've never had such a theta strat move against me in this way esp given how news related it is.

For now am just not going to look at my portfolio and see where it is at expiration (next week)
Lmao this
Thinking aboot going long on HYLN. Dumb or no dumb?
Door dash wants to go public
HOW TF IS SPY UP

DIE SPY DIE
only bought 1 20c 11/20 , if I had known it'd continue to moon I would of went all in lol but instead I use the majority of funds to get a 68c 12/4 NIO call so win win tbh
I think Robinhood sells it an hour before close actually? But thanks!
Holding calls; what else is new
AAPL calls
No shit. The crash will be biblical
Why is NIO falling should I sell?
Guess you are pissed your puts didnt print. Good old fashioned WSB's way. At least you are at home retard <3
Citron gotta ruin it all
FSR FSR FSR
:(
I sold everything cuz i panicked yesterday before close, pretty happy with the decision secured a 50% gain
Imo Razer is really undervalued right now while Corsair is kind of overvalued for a company that doesn't make their own products. They just slap on the Corsair brand but it's manufactured by others.
How was it bad? I was listening to the live call and they far exceeded expectations and said they’re “very positive about future outlook”
Fuk descending triangle on AMAZON ......shitttt thats what i get for yoloing into it.
What date? 11/16?
Is this actually true? Literally everything I've ever thought about China economically has turned out to be a lie, it always seems too good to be true until it is
I'm waiting for Monday hoping for a selloff to buy more. If not, I'll just buy at whatever it's priced at that point.
How long till they make an EV shitcoin?
[removed]
Check the citron research about NIO, there price tag is 25$
TSLA can start jelqing its way back to $500 again, that would be neat
I bought an Call yesterday and Robinhood never cancled it about 2hrs later... wtf was thst? I lost a lot of potential gains.
Daily reminder that BABA can suck a fat cock
buying the fucking dip
PLTR put holders' anuses prolapsing all over the place
Damn it’s just under 16 too lol good luck, I don’t see it going drastically up
best description of a car ive ever seen
"Investing" 😂
this is the tech dip to buy.
wow sq wants to rip so bad, just teasing me rn
Mars is farther than the moon
[deleted]
tsla noooooo
XRT PUTS INTO Q4 DISASTER IS FREE MONEY
Yea I'm not really that worried TBH
I mean not a bad compulsion to have
I am to poor to make my own position post but I'm yolo BNTX C 12/18 $170 3contracts @ $0.925, diamond hands (I just learned that term, all the kids are doing it)
People need places to put their money in uncertain times. They choose what they see as the future, which is tech and green energy. Has nothing to do with fundamentals, but simply people choosing their piggy banks.
Retard
BABA “I can go lower!”
Setting a limit buy for 360c’s
My nio 0dte puts will make up for some of the bullish action I've missed out on
nio already went past 50 you are a bit late
Yeah I’ve been buying since $6 and averaging up ever since. I’d rather average down than give up this cost average
Can't stop, won't stop!
Can you elaborate this a bit more? Did you buy like 30 minutes before close or what?
Is it just me or do you think tesla will soon run again after this consolidation?
deploying at lunchtime
too many exponential stonks imo
[deleted]
Isn’t the entire point of leaps that they’re... long term?
[deleted]
Xpev better moon with nio today
Citron doesn't exactly have a great track record and these are things that anyone with stakes in NIO should have already been considering.  One thing to keep in mind is that Andrew Left, the guy running Citron, is a short seller. Do with that what you will.
Yes
[deleted]
If it goes to 54-55 and does well AH. Oh yeah definitely
Lost 60% on ZM 0DTEs. Lol.
Baba saying Yeet
you mean gambling. not investing. gambling
[deleted]
Nobody went poor makin profits dude, buy some tendies with that
FSR worth the buy?
[deleted]
To all NKLA nay sayers....time to join band wagon!
Fuck it I'll buy into Li too...are we allowed to swear here? Genuine question ha
baba hasnt been this oversold on the daily since peak march covid-19 FUD lol
300c doesn't look so good I bought in at 265 thinking that was the floor but apparently not its below 259. 😭
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
you jelly
Why? Looks just like the smart car..
nio 45 eod
Damn thanks for the DD. All in now as well
NIO is gonna cut to 35-40 on Tuesday on earnings btw. I’d say I’ll bet anyone but. I already am w puts
I❤️u Nio
My PLNT puts are up 30+% even though the stock is still above 70.

Still plenty of time to get puts in. It routinely goes back under 65 whenever it rises above 70, but now there's an actual catalyst (impending lockdowns)
YOLO OR BAN
...damnit
NIO bulls pls come back
And moron Stanley has $75 price target on Tesla. Should I buy puts on Elon?
MSOS
confirmed GME 1000% eod
anyone else ITCHING to buy puts?
And we got one on Tuesday lol
Yup, pulled my cash off the market this week, fuck the noise
Nio heading back to 42.0
Every 10K or 20K milestone I tell myself I want to buy something really nice for myself but I can't stop re-investing it
I’m gonna make some lunch, NIO at $60 when I’m done
So what now?  Ma’s gotta bend ove like LeBron?
Yea but NKLA was a fraud from the start
I bought SOLO near the peak today, fml
Should have held my spy puts
You'll be more than fine
FUCK! Missed buying the 1/21/22  60C for $12 now it's fucking 19...story of my life!
Wow LOOK HERE WE GOT A RATIONAL FUCKING PERSON.
Just shorted it for the first time today. Everyone way too bullish here, that’s my only reasoning
AMZN has lost me an insane amount of money this fall no matter which way I try and trade it.
Just the dudes that have called out every fake company for the last 5 years
Citron research can suck my 2 inch dick. Losers probably tried to get in low.
Just buy stock and hold forever. 10 bagger in 5 years
baba guh
Idk I should sell my baba 330 March leap. Down 60% and baba losing every day since I bought it
LOL @ Disney. It was priced to perfection I guess
When we selling man?
[deleted]
Frisky FSR!, also moving right along
PLTR
Bankruptcy courts need to be publically traded.  The sheer volume of WSB’ers alone would blow Amazon out of the water
ik like wtf!
[deleted]
So does literally every poor person.
[deleted]
Load up under 15 but you might not get the chance
Vouch
RIP BABA
What
weird how i’ve become so desensitized to the losses, would’ve been going ballistic back in march
Yeah but if I sell a call way otm and it hits that price I’ll limit my profit by a lot. Could’ve made so much more today if the $58 calls I sold 3 days ago didn’t go up by $300 each
Dang, you be making money money, mine is $36
FSR GANG LETS GO 🚀🚀🚀👨‍🚀
Lmao
[deleted]
That’s what the report says. They originally recommended buying ~2 years ago
When you double down after double downing, and then your limit sell to make profit misses by 0.01 and then tanks so you lose quadruple
16
im sorry bro
Nio is about to get pumped. Earnings on the 17th. Get in while you can. Discount Dip Deals going on right now dummies
Yeah same. Sold two, kept one. Doing great but want to complain about the what if.
He's actually really humble and educated. Go watch a vid of him bro!
Literally 1 second after I click buy on NVDA. Bogged
I need a yolo for 10k
[deleted]
Shares? Fuck off
I got one 21 and one 22.. you think it’ll go up again before January?
Anybody else buy the BABA “dip” last week? I’m fuk
solo has huge jet potential, hasn't even mooned as much as nio yet
is TSLA really worried about the chinese EVs?  I guess it's inevitable that IP will be stolen from them in china
[deleted]
Xi is just making a point. It'll recover
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I think we can all agree on nio to $60 next week
Is your bf asking for anal
Where my V at ev?!
When to sell nio? Monday or tues?
[deleted]
XPEV 50c 11/20
NIO will hit at least $55 for earnings, come kiss our butts
tsla went from 170 to 2k in 1 year, nio and the rest are just trying to catch up
SRAC/MNTS gonna be lit in the new year
I luckily got into NIO pretty early but there’s always going to be another meme stock to play with soon. I’d stay cash until then, NIO maybe going up but this sub is fickle
I knew it at the time well I actually bought it a couple times on the way down. Then it shoots right up and you're like well it will eventually drop again and it doesn't and you just watch it leave without you... Scared money don't make money
Holy, SOLO's logo is a bull. all the DD I need to go all in. 

Also there cars look ugly as shit tbh. Would not ride
Alright ZM... I know you want to return to your former glory where you went up no matter what. Get moving you bitch
Had a feeling o should of unloaded BABA when it was up 3 in pre market. Oh well
Solo
Middle class bigger than the US and Chinese government backing + pledge to make all vehicles electric by 2035.

If anything NIO is still undervalued atm
bought baba at the top and of course dumbass jack ma has to challenge the fucking cccp. retard
Uh oh. Citron hit piece on NIO. Going to end up like NKLA.
I'm going to lease a Fisker tomorrow
[deleted]
2T company....
yes
why invest in literally anything else right now
The gain on the 16C 11/13 i sold is hopefully going to be 100%
Fuckin hammering call debit spreads week of earnings. Smd NIO shills.
Fucking Baba piece of shit why did i even play that shit again
That’s kind of amazing
stocks been up 30% in 2 days idk
Corsair over Razer every day. Razer computers are essentially welfare computers.
Shhh
My greedy ass Diamond handing my 3$ AMC puts that expire today like they’re worth something lmao
At this point just flip a coin every time you coof.
Ha Citron cannot pierce NIOs armour, barely a scratch

on to a 1000!!
Selling $BABA 270 puts before this huge drop will go down as one of my worst moves this year..... or not idk :-(
Source
Same buddy same 😩
Monday
Could be back to $3.5 real fast
SOM TING FEL WONG
NIO 56 EOD
Why would you sell any leaps right now
FSR 🚀🚀🚀
hold
I’m forcing myself to hold through today because I sold pre-10am twice in the last two weeks on calls that went on to double their value. Already halved my position at 9:55, so this really is an exercise of the mind at this point.
Sell. Look at what they make lol it’s trash and the company has no potential unlike the Chinese EVs or Tesla
Mannn can’t wait for these Chinese EV companies to go back to their 6 month average after this moon so Tim Apple 🍏 can go back to mooning.
Whats the PTLR entry price to aim foe
So you're telling me baba 300 11/27 call was a bad idea... Okay. You keep your secrets.
If BABA goes below 258, it’s testing 240.
I’m thinking the same , what strike you have in mind ?
I fomo’d yesterday and made 2.5k on a 770 investment
That was my plan but I pussied out
[deleted]
i member
you think MM's going to let the price keep at 50 today.
\^The hero we need
What percentage are you up my dude?
I've banished him to no-touchy island along with Elon after this week
It's somewhat amazing that missing out on making more money on something feels worse than losing money betting the wrong way.

I just sold half of my SOLO stock after it went up 100% for me, but i am furious and feel absolutely shit that i had such a little position on it.
SOLO fomo ?
If I roll forward 100% of my profits and if it dips even 10%, I still feel bad. Wtf brain, get your shit together.
I need a guaranteed 10 bagger play
Nobody buying the BABA dip? How fucked are my 300 june calls?
Ah yes, the overt brag about money and possessions while all you pseudo-macho types eat it up.  When will you over-testeroned man-children realize that everybody on Readdit laughs at you because of your brazen vulgar language and frequent posts about your money and possessions.  Although the penile size in this sub is miniscule, the brags are monstrous.  It's pathetic and weak and I would be laughing in your pretentious faces if I ever see you in person.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes
[deleted]
Both
small office/home office?  yes
It will likely go much higher by earnings. Just relax
NIO puts
yeah totally unrealistic as they have 1.5 Bn plus people and 500 Million in their middle class. really I think Polestar and Volvo is the play. Sweden is on the up!
NIO will go better in long-term trust me fam. The CEO builds loyalty, he doesnt give a shit about sales. do you see the CEO of XPEV or Li doing shit?
I bought some 395c expiring next week. Hopefully it prints. My last 3 orders have killed my account
Weak hands about to be crying over the weekend again. Every week it's like this.
Don’t buy then?
I have never hated and country/stock more than I hate BABA and China
Wow tech! Just when you thought you bought the dip.
yes
[Well...](https://www.thedrive.com/news/33789/autopilot-blamed-for-teslas-crash-into-overturned-truck)
citron? why he salty?
FSR wtf
VXX dumping but SPY holding?
Yolo calls today during dip and don’t look at RH till Tuesday and sell Thursday
They need those progressive lenses to read
#That SPY red dildo of death 💀
HOLDDD
Im glad i sold zoom. Good luck to the ones holding.
except nio has never turned a profit. ever.
Really weak spy volume. One algo could trigger the drop to 350
If there is one thing I am certain Musk understands - it’s Bayesian Inference.
So why is Twitter dying? Because 🥭 isn’t president anymore?
I get that some people go for a brand like for example Logitech cause they are known for their quality but Razer focusses on a different audience that likes decent quality AND good looking products.

The good thing though is, the quality of their new line is great! So now they have the best of both worlds.
Of course not been when it is that fucking bad there should be some drawdown not euphoria.
[deleted]
How low it can go?
Because its a fucking iPad on a stationary bike
Did you read about the SPAC merger ?
I thought 260 was. At this rate its 250.
*the stock I’m playing dips .5%*
“Let me check the wsb daily thread to see what the experts are saying*
You mean selling them? Earning is next week and I don’t see it heading below 50 anytime soon
Leaps
NVAX up, ZM down, PTON down. 

Someone knows something. Vaccine release likely, gonna git ZM call holders rekt
three hot asians with big bottoms and big bosoms
One day trade left what’s the $600 play to flip
*yawn* 360 EOD
Did you buy 11/20 weeklies? Bad idea, but if you have longer dates, you'll be fine. I bought two 2/19 $10c for pretty cheap, I'll see where it goes
If NIO falls below 50 I’ll buy leaps.....otherwise I’m waiting for earnings and hope it sells off a bit. Still holding shares though. FSR breaking 20 would be nice.
Lots of profit taking ahead of the weekend Moderna vaccine news pump, gonna get some cheap spy lottos for Monday
I bought solo at the peak should i hold or sell?
Baba needs to stop this right now 🤡
Plus lockdown and shit with more coming Monday. Guaranteed to sell down.
Is anyone going to listen to me about $FSR?
What calls.should i buy?
Solo and SOL rippin’
know your audience, this isn't /r/florida
Got enough thanks to the weak hands post earnings, just gonna hold this no matter what.
lmao all good chief! i did that my first time too
I think I want to get off Mr. BABA's wild ride :(
SPY always the best
Earnings was bad they just jumped because of the EV hype. I wouldn't.
DKNG flat for the last half hour, are we setting up for a pump or a dump
Till you’re ITM!
Anyone doing 0 day puts for the close today?
Every things getting cut. How do you think they will pay for stimulus???
I feel ya. Bought 100 shares at 3.27 and sold at 4. And I sold my $40 call Monday morning.
Good shii man
At least for now. I don't have any positions but the valuation doesn't look sustainable
LI hitting 50 end of day, buy while you can.
Tech straight up dumping today Jesus
Going looooong?
we gapped up .8% and we are drilling?
If Monday gaps up like it has for the past week then no, you would be rich
[deleted]
PLTR 15.5 P 11/20
[deleted]
Bears trapped in nio in 3.2.1
Citron is wrong more often than the autist here. That's probably why the stock went up after this.
This is your captain speaking... the seat belt light is now on. Everyone please remain in your seats this could be a bumpy ride
Say it out loud, Priced In!
PLTR mothafuckaaaa
Hard not to feel like a fuckin genius today.  Short TSLA, long SBE and PLTR
Is NIO gonna hit a new HOD today?
Bought a 0DTE on PDD. The high from chasing 0DTE is better than any drug
Bears want to bet against an entire industry, supported by a govt that is pushing the country to Be EV by 2025 oh yea with the most polluted cities in the world
What the fire burns, we will find in the ashes.
baba
Citron can lick my middle nut
citron? who dis?
Are NIO calls still happening or is it fomo at this point? (Not like that would stop me)
[deleted]
Elon prime heda
Every Friday I watch AMZN have a day and the one time I buy 1 FD it shuts the bed. Bezos you bald fuck!
People been saying that for weeks
I need that kind of support in my life🤧
Better get some Palantir calls so that you can afford a good looking wedding ring bro
The business is completely fine, this is just investors being retarded. The regulations if anything will be good for BABA.

They rightfully wanted to reign in Ant because it was acting as an unregulated bank.

Unfortunately Ma got up on stage and spouted his mouth of about state banks being awful and regulators fucking everything up so they came down super hard on Ant and now that is rippling through everything even though it should have no fucking effect on BABA at all minus their stake in Ant.
Yeah. Time for SPY weekly poots. This is tarded.
Please
Dear MMs keep JPM below 115 plz
Pro tip: if you sell at a loss, you'll never have to pay capital gains tax.
Righto bucko! Holding 3 sets of puts. 11/20 50 48 38 in case it dumps today or gaps to the floor Monday.
NIO over 50 is dancing on top of a cliff, just gimme 30 and I'll jump back in
Consumer sentiment misses by 10 percent... you had all the time in the world to sell
0DTE NIO 50p free money.
So fucking giraffes
Uh oh, this sub about to get wiped
Still, an it’s an EV
Wtf amazon
Why do I think TSLA is dipping while NIO and SOLO are soaring just because Elon has covid
should i get the li dip? this is insane
FSR really just doesn't have red days does it
Good old 10:30. Where the bears come out to play. Never fails.
Hold and buy more
I'm up 10k on nio leaps in a week I think I might just take my profit..
Ban
That’s it. I will never trade amazon again. Fuck off Bezos you piece of bald shit
It’ll print
Get over it by going in on a new position
LI XPEV and NIO are severely undervalued. BUY BUY BUY
idk why i trade on fridays jeez
[deleted]
I sold my calls expiring today and rolled to next week. I'm not even gonna look at it today
hold fersure
seriously, every fucking retard mentioning nio and i bet half these people dont even have more than like 1 call
[deleted]
Fuck you zoom you stupid fucking rebranded Skype
Seems weird that Nasdaq and Russell have a pretty large negative correlation now. I think of you start to see a sustained rally in small caps it could be pretty bad for mega cap tech and the market overall as it destabilizes that trade
Sitting on gains from NIO, Li, and XPENG feels like being in a foursome with three hot chicks.
This is the comment you‘re looking for when you‘re asking at 3pm why the fuck nobody said anything about SOLO when it was still single digit.

550% eod
This stock fucking made everyone money.
Alright, serious question now! Does any of you fellow friends, see soho as decent investment, 1 I can leave for a year and wake up one day and its 40?!
[deleted]
Baba
Anyone remembers the DKNG gang?
Lol
Spy is made up of boomer stocks too. Not just tech
China took this sub over
Covid 19 is fueling the PLTR boosters!
SPY DRILLING
[removed]
[deleted]
Correct
Cuz I sold put and bought calls yesterday
He has two negative tests too. Let's do the math alone.
Not really. The sentiment was exactly the same for matressses and crusty game stores.
Gained 40% on that NIO dip 😂😂
Sold out of all of my AAPL while I still have gains. Will try to start accumulating when it's around $110
Might be a good time to plug walk again. 25c 11/20
I’m gonna buy BABA puts so it starts going up
Anything bullish on NIO lmao
Hold my hand?!
going to try covered calls- any recommended stocks to try it out with?
SOLO's logo looks like a bull, literally can't go tits up.
Yep, $47
What did I fuckin tell ya bud
gonna treat myself tonight and get the 12 count over the 8 count thanks to NIO gains
[deleted]
Yes
LETS MAKE SOME FUCKEN MONEY BOYS
DrEgs
nio
BABA
60DTE. -35%. Sell or hold?
You underestimate Becky
hoping it goes up later
https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf
BABA is fuckin ridiculous
Buy solo
Your chance to get in nio is now. There is no reason for this to not skyrocket after earnings
Target acquired (bear asshole)
How do you get over it? Win it back you autist...duh
just saw that someone did some immaculate DD and found out Bezos has a chinese daughter... FUCKING YOLO ON NIO AGAIN LETS GO!!!
[deleted]
Buy Solo
Thank god I put in stop losses for my nio calls, got out with an almost 3 bagger and a 2 bagger, now on to pltr
245
Hold my hand?
Same bro I have a massive headache
At the volume being sold its not even hard to actually just hit those numbers. When they get to 100k sales what's reality will be the question.
Baba or bynd for December calls?
TRIT and TRIT/W are ground floor opportunities for the unicorn in fintech!
[deleted]
All I have left is 1000 dollars someone give me a play to go to 5000.
imagine thinking nio under 50 today
macos update [https://www.reddit.com/r/MacOS/comments/jt3j1o/macos\_big\_sur\_download\_issue\_megathread/](https://www.reddit.com/r/MacOS/comments/jt3j1o/macos_big_sur_download_issue_megathread/)
FUCK
Y’all really think NIO is gonna dump before earnings 🤣🤣🤣
They don’t have any production capabilities last I checked. I’m only holding 10 shares. Pretty skeptical for now.
Man I’m thinking the same thing right. Down 66% on my BABA December calls and don’t know if to throw in the towel.
guys do you think medium term nio investing is real? i mean 2022 leaps and shares. Don’t want to sell now because i have no alternative ideas(aside of pltr and boomer stocks, but i am already balls deep in them)
Fuck i bought solo at the peak should i hold or sell
Doesn't really mean anything
Money on the floor lets get straight to it
Dec 18 is a long ways to go
BABA 😭
God damn Zoom. I trusted you
What’s your point, Boomer
DIS puts printing
why is pton dumping
good game amazon!
and Monday.
Lmfao not close, but im working towards it... :)
People may sell before earnings because they know it is about to crash. This happens pretty frequently, people hold until the last moment before an incoming risky inflection point/volatile day. The selling right before the volatility of earnings can cause downward pressure unless there is a good reason to believe earnings will be good.

Caveat: I know nothing about NIO and I am staying far away from it because it's just gambling with no analysis and I miss like 2-4 years ago when this sub did analysis to actually get an edge.
I bought the NIO dip now what? MM dumps?
NIO calls are getting too expensive for me. It was fun while it lasted...
TSLA is slowly bleeding out and someone needs to take it out to the pasture and finish the job
This chinese ev spam is so fucking annoying
Retest of 54 incoming
Nio puts is the way
Depends. If you don’t know could hold half and sell half.
Holding these NIO calls through the 10am sell off is making me sweat.
lol China literally congrats Biden's win 1 day after donny banned chinese stock
Weak hands shake out for mm to get in cheaper
for the love of fucking god I hope so
PLTR at levels not seen since two days ago
[deleted]
Buy 1000 shares and all will be forgiven
BABA doing baba durp things
Pltr moon mission
we gapped up .8%. we def didnt open down today.
Dude don’t put the baggage on her. Keep that shit to yourself lol
SOLOOOOOO
Get back up NIO 55 eod
Wtf is up with TWTR
cant believe NIO is the stock here
Yeah the iv is way too high
font so large cause boomer customers.
i assume theyll have a run up eventually, just depends on  if our calls will expire worthless before it happens lol
sell
Unity's still cheap guys
DIE NIO DIE
Buying SOLO
Idk man FSR lookin pretty undervalued comparatively speaking. Am I missing something?
okay boys that was the dip, if we believe in ourselves we can get NIO to 69 by earnings
DD means nothing
Tell me your secretsss
hahah PLEASE!
You answered your own question
Thank u NIO for another fire sale 🙏
DISNEY CALLS 🥵
I'll give you my reply to your deleted post if you don't mind. Let me know if your want me to nuke it:

Right. Sounds logical. And useful. I have some innate skepticism cause somehow I think others must've figured this out? Dunno. Maybe they keep it to themselves

So that info is contained in that read we were talking about earlier?
Solo to 40 by eom
In and out of SOLO for a fast 50%  with that spike!😍
Tuesday AH* 

unless rh is lying to me
You know how much shit doctors have core dumped from undergrad and med school?  LOL!
Chances of u.s. going into lock down? Long date OTM puts the play?
Zm is drilling
Holy fuck Baba is getting dumped.
Today is not the buy the dip day... i can feel it
Yikes!
Who else is buying the Tesla dip?
Nio 45p 11/20
Asking the real questions here
Jesus christ NIO and LI with the fake dump. Bear trap at it's finest
Ford seems to understand stand the current car market. They have all the best min maxed vehicles in a number of places and have completely pulled out of making sedans. Also the new bronco had enormous hype and they beat expectations. Ita going to steal a ton of sales from jeep. If the electric f150 isn't a flop they will do well.
CALLS printed... .05 c buy 1.95 sell in 12 hours 😁
[deleted]
This is the way!
lol this China bubble is not going to end well.
Well I have 14 is it good ?
Ur an idiot.
Aww shit. Didnt realize when you hit continue, it lets you specify how many contracts you want to open. Lol
[deleted]
its up 5% today you fucking retard
for real....what a fucking joke
Doooo it!
NIO going back to moon better get on now
Baba👋👋
True! I got 2 January calls that are balancing each other out one positive one negative.. that expiration was probably to soon.. not sure how much longer to hold for though
I would like to quote Buffet on NIO right now. BTDF.
Why is apple falling again..
Hopefully our day is soon because this expiration isn’t too long
Big brain over here!
Who has the bigger dick?
I would nut
wow where is baba's floor
SOLO to $10
SOLOs dio is over
BABA just needs to buy an EV company that hasnt gone public real quick.
Actually, puts on ZM and PTON. Both are going to extinction
chips and DIP
Solo dip
Bought SOLO at even higher than the top. Buy high, SOLO they say :D
so tempted for a leap w January 2021 exp, somethings gotta give
So.....HYPOTHETICALLY if I YOLO’d my whole portfolio into Chinese EV companies midway through the top today on slightly OTM calls expiring mid December I would be fucked correct?
Yes
PLTR & LI making me rich. I think I'll just leave them for a few months and come back. Either I can retire, either I still have my job.
I bought some NIO puts at $45-6

They all still green. 🤡

edit as a hedge of course I have calls
You rang?
I don't have positions in NIO, but 2 years ago Citron said the same about SQ...
Please be right hoss
why buy puts after that dump?
It is
I bought the nio dip! let’s see what happens
Scared money doesn't make money.
Wow PLTR 20 EOD?
i did too. we are on this sub for a reason
[removed]
so glad i cut baba yesterday, even tho coulda not lost an extra grand on it
Citron on Nio. Taking back that recommendation

[https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf](https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf)
He belongs here
When to buy NIO dip...
is it just me or is this the same pattern as yesterday for nio
Nobody gives a fuck about lil uzi or bullshit like this
Autist levels of genius
Closed December calls for 160% profit, opened 0dte 52c FDs at what I hope was the days bottom. Let’s go NIO
So is BABA completely fucked?  Piss of Winnie the Pooh then get the axe?  Doesn’t Xi get that’s bad for business?
The virus just makes PLTR stronger 💪
Seriously every post I see on NIO is setting off my REEDar.
Wow that’s like 5x my account and I’m out here trying to solve my student debt
No
If you entered Nio this morning at +11% you deserve it tbh
How to lose money: Buy NIO and panic sell when it dips lol. 

The volume will be 350mil by EOD
I don’t get it. spy up but tech down. Explain.
Nio dip boys let’s eat it up
Trying to manipulate stock as they always do. They’re garbage
[deleted]
So about the GME short squeeze. Will it ever happen?
Too much autists energy propelling NIO not a chance this shit drops before earnings
Is SOLO done?
[deleted]
 Newbie question here - Do you sell after a company announces ER report or hold? 🙋‍♂️
thats the right move! NIO's more stable. I secured my bag from Li already ☘️
I’m bullish
NIO dump incoming!
Hold 12/18 baba 300c that have been bleeding since I bought them this week?
In my delinquent account, I turned 1k into 30k this year (5k-30k in the last two weeks). Just withdrew 20k to start some projects and fund a business venture, and leaving 10k in to try it again. Got an exit on a company coming up so I'm just looking for play money in the meantime. This is all way less stressful when you don't make it life or death.
looks like we might be going to 255.80ish
Bro honestly ive lost 20k on them in the past week wtf......... I am literaly going to kill my self if my account doesnt rebound. Shit needs to moon to 3.5k asap
dumping on low volume means good pump to follow, right?
FVRR,great job.
dam i hate bein sober
2% pull back after being up over 7%, yeah no... 

Buy puts if you’re so sure!
Last chance of NIO dip
Yeah too much uncertainty with the tech regulation and by the time it’s resolved your call might be dead
DO NOT PANIC SELL NIO
Puts on ZM
BABA SiNgLeS DaY
Guy: Can I take you out sometime?

Girl: I’d love that. How about Saturday?

Guy: Sounds great!

Girl: Can you pick me up?

Guy: Sorry can’t. I have a SOLO car, only one seat.

Girl: ...........
That feeling when your PLTR calls are green after earnings because you’re ITM 😝
[removed]
I bought solo at the peak.
Hope you bought that nio dip it will retest 54
Tech futures were leading but now tech is lagging behind, was there vaccine news or something? I thought Corona is getting worse by the day
6012 comments on this sub and 6011 are about NIO
Apple in the deep cave excavating business now?
[removed]
I jumped ship from BABA on the China news yesterday. Looks like I’m going to be dragged right back in. That dip is 🤤
Nio with the crazy shake out
V shape
[removed]
Baba 255 eod
Yeh guys - this is rocketing  - now up 19%
Now. Lowest you’ll see it
Already got in and out with calls this morning. Now I'm in puts.
hmm and I thought $280 was a reasonable price to get BABA. shit on me.
Vegan car 🤷🏻‍♂️
GLW and PFE still gonna be multi baggers over the next few weeks
Good for you. Here’s to the moon!


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt5s5n/pltr_the_real_bull_run_begins/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Who bought NIO at $54+?  That exit is about to get very crowded
JD earnings Monday pre-market
Citron tryna dump nio so they can get in 😂😂🤡
$23
This is the one thing that makes being 🌈🐻 make sense
Sold them for +$10k unfortunately
[deleted]
alright, fess up. who bought NIO at the top
Sell your goddamn NIO! Here comes Agent Smith!
[deleted]
I wouldn't be surprised if there were some actual 4 year olds trading stocks on RH
When it feels that way is when you should buy. Next time renewables are mentioned it’ll be really nice. It’s more of a put your phone down and buy calls kinda stock rn
TSLA might as well drop under $400 so i can leverage down
Will Saturday’s Spacex launch effect TSLA stock?
You mean LI
get out of the trade? i’m negative, or hold till next week???
You never know where the top is untill its to late.
The most successful company out of all of them as well, Jack Ma needs to get on his knees and apologize
[deleted]
Lol it’s down .68%
you're fucking retarted lmao
Firesale*
its "any company that supports chinese military" I.e. any company that pays tax to chinese
NIO earnings Tuesday. A lot of buying today
[deleted]
AVG price?
this is the daily gyna ev dip, don't miss it
Not again satan , I bought back in August @16.21 and today is the first time it almost reached those levels . Sold it .
Just got PLTR 20c for 11/27
Sell it anyways
Go tell somebody else
When genius get to transcend to your level when they’ve succeeded you know that you’re one smart son of a birch
Please just let nio bounce and moon
[I tried to warn you retards](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5mo80/?context=3)
Yup dropped the second i bought
sell my nio leaps i bought 2 days ago for 50% profit or hold? we breaking 60?
This looks like a heavy pullback, but we had one yesterday too and it soared after. No positions, but grilling the charts like a maniac right now for reference.
**NIO DIP LETS GO GET IT**
>64k preorders
Who's selling all these calls?
NIO pls drill harder like a champ! 😩
Buy the dip
Puts better take their profit lol. Famous V shape recovery inbound
[deleted]
Baba's gotta go back up at some point right...?
Fuck NIO all my homies buy PLTR
you read my mind
Ok dude, I like your outlook. Are you all in PLTR or you have some other targets in mind to help fund the lambo?
All EVs but Tesla and the Chinese big three are meme stocks and will eventually crash hard.
Dump pump dump pump. Another day in this market. 😭
Bro don’t do that
xpev dip tap in
25
NIO gonna take your trendies. Friday the 13th killing autists.
Same I had a dream of FSR up over 1000% and I left my wife and son at the dentist to go buy a lambo and find a new wife and kid
None, you are insignificant
Finding Tesla is the worst thing that’s ever happened to my bank account
Lol I bought on the 4th, was up 50% at one point 🤡
We thinkin PTON's taking some profit after seeing the report that the CEO did the same to the tune of 10m yesterday after hours?
Everyday is the dip if the ticker keeps going up
Bin au bei TR der hebel verändert sich je nach aktuellem stand  der aktie aber ist einfach die der größte hebel gewesen
uhh, everyone?
praying rn that it is
Should I sell my baba dec 18 calls I’m down like 45%
why wouldnt you just buy 50 contracts each not adjust the ratio?
BTFD on NIO
Deliveries in January baby
Getting dicked by LYFT
but theres no volume
Seriously. Chinese govt PUMPPPPPPING their babies on NYSE to gain access to huge amount of American capital isn't even in the top 10 crazy things I've heard just today.
Which however he doesn't understand
We buying the nio dip?
Nio dip buy it
Why not just its own?
That happened with my puts yesterday, it went up as the price went up. Good thing I sold for a small profit before it went up enough for those puts to actually go down.
Its fine, let the shorts try. More SQWEEZ
FSR 🚀🚀🚀
Didn’t age well
What's the buy in price on NIO?
And I'm telling timberrrr
It’s Friday the 13th bois be careful
Bruh Tesla fell 40% in the span of like 10 days
Sold at open
Damp ittt
Wow NIO, I love it
Sold all my SPAC shite and bought PLTR, best move I've made since I started playing this game
MAX PAIN THEORY !
Can you paper hand fucks not dump PLUG
[removed]
Dudes just buy the fucking Nio dip. This SHIT HAS ER ON MONDAY, RIDE THE HYPE AND SELL BEFORE 

DONT LET RETARDED BEARS FEAR MONGER YOU.
NIO on sale. we are gonna be back soon. HOLDDDDD
True, but I like pushing it off to another tax year when I can realize more loss
Shut up reetard
that they are closing their doors for good?
Get out of NIO while you can!!!
Travel
[deleted]
If you want to buy back the love of your wife from her boyfriend, just use NIO. If everyone yolo into it, it literally can't go tits up from what I've learned in just these few days alone.
Anyone buying into bigc?
Hard to say. Doubt I'll time the bottom so I'm picking up some long calls now
Would be amazing if NKLA could get a massive short squeeze out of the gyna ev bubble.
Dude I used to think that but honestly it’s been kind of disappointing the last few weeks
Make Gasoline Cars Great Again
lmao NIO goes red and i will laugh my arse off
This is my dream 🥺
5ps?
FSR please be the one
ZOM whats hannin
Then STOP
whoever told me about KNDI....thank you...just wish i went all in on it :(
your wife's boyfriend still lets you text your wife? lucky guy
I’m the retard that bought solo calls🤡🤡🤡
[deleted]
Fuck him up boys 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
I agree, I don’t believe their earnings are gonna stun anyone meaning Getting in right after them might be a real nice play
Who’s dumbass is shorting NIO lmao
What the hell is up with SOL?
Get ready for the rotation from chinese EVs back to our boy Elongated
more like the entire market
Sprich deutsch du hurensohn
Im holdin on.
And now you're a nio millionaire.
BABA what the ACTUAL FUCK
29 is the strike price
Itm always has a higher chance of being profitable, well usually I should say, unless they are insanely inflated. Get as close to itm as you can afford, the vast majority of the time. It's pretty rare for stocks to act like nio, that shits on crack, a 20% otm call, especially weeklys many times won't make you money, at least not at exp, though you may be able to flip it for a profit if the underlying pops in value.
It has a little trunk she can squeeze into
Same.

If I buy in, it will tank immediately.
Still going up
[deleted]
imagine a world where the front page of the news showed how many people have survived covid!
Any new Chinese EV IPO’s 👀
More than you can afford, pal.

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4b4QoXEhtA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4b4QoXEhtA)
Me again it dropped literally seconds after i bought
This is the way. :(
Imagine thinking this pump is going to continue and not have 11/20 puts up to your tits for the fucking crash of the century next week. Fucking losers. Imagine buying here, lmfao.
$NVDA getting punished on zero new news per usual...
NIOs gonna go straight back up in 10mins anyone selling is retarded
Every time I touch Nio the shit drop with me
Bought in at $7.34
[deleted]
As a gamer, people avoid razer because of reliability issues. They look good like apple but no dice.
any NIO 54 baggies in chat!?
The absolute second I FOMOd into NIO it started tanking.
Nio on discount
Saw one at the mall a while back, pretty cool 🤔 maybe a long play hmm
SOLO
Average down my BABA call for Jan 2021? It's down 25% right now
*stares in $47 put*
I sold 2 of my 4 calls. I’m going to keep 2 just in case. I have an entire week to monitor it anyways.
yall gonna be complaining when you didnt buy this juicy solo dip
What is keeping spy up?
Were are we heading to?
I swear, half of us are never gonna make money in this casino!
Of course it’s technology leading this sell off lmfao
Panic buying AAPL puts cuz some guy on here said so.
Niemals bro 
Aktien gehen nur hoch
Diamond hands right nio brothers
shhhhhhhhhh
Man TD has been shit today
MGI just CANT STOP today now up 223% on calls for 11/20
Latest macos update... [https://www.reddit.com/r/MacOS/comments/jt3j1o/macos\_big\_sur\_download\_issue\_megathread/](https://www.reddit.com/r/MacOS/comments/jt3j1o/macos_big_sur_download_issue_megathread/)
i should but im down like 10-15% rn
EVs dying
Fax
In 6.50 out at 7.50. Played stonks, felt like a boomer
Ford bb keep going
Choose the option date and change the price manually
My gamble for the day:  0dte AMZN $3,150c on this dip.
Amazon hurting me
Buy Cisco, currently @ 40, price target 48

Cheap options CSCO 44C 11/27
IV creeping on these.
is this the start of the chinese ev dump?
I'm out of NIO for a bit. Pigs get slaughtered.
Ban
maybe he was fucking the nurse
Deliveries in January baby
I’m in
[deleted]
Yeah I’m tempted. I’m up 40%, these waters are getting a lil scary
It always goes back to $420.
God I hate that idiot. But it's enough to make me sell my call for 300% gain that expires today lol
It nosedived 4 percent in 15 minutes
all i wanna do is find the next meme ticker before the rest of you retards and catch it before it moons. thing is it's not a meme ticker until every retard knows about it. catch 22 i suppose
closed a nio put for tiney profit. look out
Dumping
BABA breaking support. Look out below
Lmao when did Tesla burst?
NIO rug pull
Did nio say the n word, ev be dumping rn
Well the low contracts did their job so I bought them out for $400. Bought 20 more of the high contract for $1700 and am hoping for a quick spooky .5% dump to jump out on.
DEBT
Even on earnings day li can’t sky rocket like it’s relatives lmao
👀👀
Bought 20 more shares
Who bought the nio top?
Diamonds hands right nio brothers
Maybe after this bottoms in a bit
Anyone else holding puts?
Fomo’d into x7 50c 11/13 yesterday, got out this mornin with a quick 150%
Tesla has really done me dirty
Too late
Dipping SO BUY THAT SHIT
If it goes below $400, I'm buying more.
He was a software engineer and, like many competent software engineers, probably has a touch of the tism
24 eod would be nice
How many Spy contracts will attract mm’s to fuck with you?
I’m selling it all today. Just take the gains
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Weekly call option in the first ticker commented. Go
It’s called IV
BUY THE FUCKING DIP
all us poor people who just play ford in a good mood rn
NIOc $60 11/20 it is then
thats right Nokia, slow and steady
boy that is fun
how low can BABA go?? Damn.  maybe it will go back up when that China money exits the EVs?
Killing me for months. Thankfully I only have shares, just going to wait it out.
Amazinggggg dip to buy $PTON right now, this always goes up when Covid cases are on the rise, for obvious reasons, more at home exercising
spy dumping?
🤢What's the pl-🤮 What's the play today boys 🤮🤮🤮
How low will it go?
Gotta love that steady Nio iv rise
I'm gonna pull my own hair out if rkt goes below 22 again today
DEFENSE SPENDING AND MILITARY SPENDING WILL NOT BE CUT UNDER BIDEN

PLTR IS LITERALLY THE FUTURE
I think it’s time to get into gme again
4 horsemen of China EV are Nio, Xpev, Li, Tsla.
Anyone else fomo into NIO at the top 🤡
I haven’t even thought about selling these shares
Never was
You mean Ath*
Tsla dying
TSLA 400c good play for next week?
My NIO 40Ps that I bought yesterday when NIO was at 48.5 are up 5% lol. These premiums are wild
Old news, not EV's or eCommerce. Doesn't go into effect 11/2021 when he's not chief LOL
holding 5000 long. 

Lots of jan 15 43c

Things can only be parabolic for so long before they need to ctfo.  Earnings coming up soon though.
I mean, its straight printing so far.
[removed]
Something fishy going on with NIO. My 40 and 45 puts I bought yesterday are about to turn green. Stock is still booming yet puts are getting greener?
Singular pointy nipple pattern on spy - confirmed we are about to get milked
Dirt cheap.  I bought in yesterday.
Citron w the hit piece on NIO. Oof
We will have our day.
Coz all EVs are mooning and this one is lagging
Yeah, but I didnt have more money and my ass is sore.
Just sold my 1/15/21 50c and my shares for a nice profit. See a pullback in the near future, gonna stay away until their ER next week.
Wow, that must have been a fun ride up. Congrats!
[deleted]
ICLN is a beauty. Easy to read. Super predictable. Free tendies on long calls
To the core of the earth
Is it weird that I’m bullish on Ford over the next 5 years?
lol stocks don't move at a 90 degree vertical you tards...they come back down a little and climb again. smh
Fisker worth billions right now with ZERO cars produced let alone sold. Really want to buy OTM puts
Right now, definitely. They just pushed news it was Xi that personally blocked the Ant IPO. This has no material effect ofcourse but it will send stocks into the shitter regardless.
Enough with the fucking OTC stonks :(
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY 💰
In on this play as well.
tech in free fall but spy not moving
NIO rug pull.
Apple attempting to find earth's core
Just a joke. But it does feel like the EV market is starting to even a little closer. Interesting so see who is going to be the long term winner
me
Honestly. i want to join in but don’t know when the best time the premiums will decrease.
Baba in the 250s now
Bye nio lol
Very cool! Now go plant and water it so you can add *growth* to your portfolio.
Fucking AAPL.... fucking fuck. :(
My boys 🐠 and 🪑 having a nice day out there 😎
Apple pulling down the qqq. What an arsehole.
Why would I pay 18k for a single person car

Guess if you have no friends or SO and destine to be forever alone it’s perfect
I actually feel kinda bad I insulted the designers. Still a decent idea
NIO can't have bad earnings (they prob cook the books)
How much do you pay upfront for that put? $2900
which one of you cucks bought SOLO as a fomo at the top of $7.9? Speak up
Pton no longer cool guys.
The amount of times I’ve heard this...
Nio up 100% this month? that's organic growth and if you think otherwise than you're a racist.
Post saved.
Can we do this week again next week I’ve been having fun.
[removed]
Seem like it
TSLA gonna pop down to the 390s
right there with ya 🤡
Saw that early in news. Think it pertains to military.
Cmon nio gang I was promised 60 eod
Right. That’s why you sell the second they break. You might lose 5%. But they usually hold, and you gain 10-30%.
Anyone with a fuckin brain knows NIO won’t go up forever but god dammit will you please take the free money while it does?!
I'm tempted too
Took 5k profit from nio @ 40 now I’m getting fomo
jfc apple
relatable
Anyone else holding shares till the day before NIOS earnings? I’m a little spooked to hold over the weekend
[deleted]
BP $20c for April is dirt cheap. Recovery is going to continue, and Biden will limit drilling (=lower supply=higher profits). Get your EV tendies now, but get your oil tendies later
A lot of people here will be holding NIO long term by accident.
Uh oh we dumping?
40p on LI printinggggg
It’s simple. 

Buy every NIO dip.
I feel that BABA one.
[deleted]
Thanks for the info. So, when they do this reverse merger, do we know if KCAC will be straight delisted, or will you get a proportional share of QS, e.g. 1:1 KCAC -> QS?
Did you listen to the autists or the retards? Your answer determines your fate of tendies or loss porn
I sold because other plays are moving
OP username is her nickname for his dink
We are getting way too bullish lets calm down folks or MM will pull the rug.
What's the easy part? Missed out on chinese EV plays
52c 55c 11/13 let's get this to 60!
On NIO puts, I love to watch my account burn
BIGC is killing me today
So are baba calls dumb?
Yes.
Because no one else here knows shit about investing so you feel right at home
Creep
I hate everything they do besides the free stocks they hand out like candy!
Scared money don’t make money y’all. Remember that.
17 years in the making cant go wrong.
Puts it is mfers
I dipped into it, gonna sit on it for a while
[deleted]
BUY CISCO BUY CSCO
I was up ... got excited and now I’m dooooown
IV for Nio is fucking ridiculous. I wouldn’t touch buying short term puts or calls w a 10 foot pole. Selling is smart
Somehow Friday the 13th seems like a very appropriate time to buy PLTR
[deleted]
we just making shit up now?
Grimes Yoko’d Tesla.
We are all on a roller coaster it will shoot back up it's only 10:10
Is BABA the only Chinese stock going to shit?
stop the fraud!
Any hope for TSLA next week or should I close my put spreads before I get anally raped?
tsla feeling the heat from nio
I’ve got 4300 shares, I’m going backpacking around the US for the next year and a half and when I return I shall retire a millionaire.
This is turning into another one of those 15 smegma moves that are only supposed to happen like once every billion years.
Bought SOLO at AH ☹️
[deleted]
And if memory serves moderna is a crappy company
Well this sucks, BABA is about to drop like a rock.
I have some more capital to average down but this whole business is completely overblown and nonsense, whatever.
Can we please just kill spy? 330 would be nice
VXX will hit 22 today , just saying
they raised guidance as well
Far more potential as well
[deleted]
“are ya winning son?” 

yes dad, yes i am :,)
ODTE 53C - buy now..money in 15 mins.
You the man!!! Let’s us know your next Act
circle of life
Qs really wanting to go red
[deleted]
i feel like a retard for not selling
I'm buying for Jan and Feb. And crossing my fingers
Keep an eye on RKT guys it's trying to make a move.  Might break out here
Sorry guys just decided 15 ago to FOMO into Nio. Rip to your calls
Even NKLA is getting in on this Chinese EV bubble!
Nio about to crash. Put your hard hats on.
TRUMP CHINA COMPANY INVESTMENT BAN ALERT ALERT ALERT

Edit: I way overreacted. Old news and nothing burger
Reality
[deleted]
Hold it long term. This company has major upside
I’m crying
[deleted]
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**WORK**|**$30**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-04**|**$0.41**|**$26.29**|**1807**|**120**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhgedwn37n6j07200urkkzic) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/feithenb93/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
This idiot made some pretty good money this year on that sentiment 😁
False positive tests are rare for a normal PCR test, but may not be that rare for the rapid antigen test.
Tests are unreliable.
For commuting but at that point just use a bus
You just can’t day trade. You can swing trade still and buy and sell stock just no day trading or else you will not be able to trade at all for 90 days
For a handful of companies. Please fucking go away now.
He’ll be recovered by early next week. We should be smarter about what restrictions are put on businesses. You are robbing people of agency, and transferring small businesses to the wealthy.
Of course SOLO takes a shit when I buy at AH
PLTR shittin on all y’all
I'm scared...not only did I BuY ThE DiP, but fomo on nio....you degenerates better be onto something
PLUG and KNDI are carrying my account. Tried to play some 0dte NIO calls this morning but my orders won’t fill.
NO STIMULUS
🖐
tsla freefall 🎢
Okay look. Every time we have a rug pull Somebody says why didn't you guys tell me there was going to be a rug pull. I believe we're going to end lower today

I am a bull but I am selling my calls and going to cash for the weekend.
I am not sure who is bigger retard, you guys who bought and at 7.6 or me who sold it at 6.5 and bought it at 6.2!
lmao same bro
What the 100 mile range and beautiful design don’t do it for you?
we've got some expected profit-taking sell-off, but I think due to the successes of LI and XPEV, there's gonna be a mass hysteria to get into this stock now
I was promised a pltr crash so I could buy in more
[deleted]
Up 50% today, the near dated OTM calls are stupid expensive right now. Waiting for a dip and then I'll jump in.
Tomorrow.....
People are conflating the claims.

\- There is no evidence from studies which says blood type makes COVID less severe, resistant, less symptomatic, etc. if you get it.

\- There is evidence from studies which says blood type is a factor in the likelihood of getting infected in the first place.
[deleted]
Great, went to get coffee and my gains are gone
Bout at 7.53 ama
how many points can a man average down 
before he knows he is fucked? 

and how many meme stocks can one retard buy 
before he learns they all suck? 

the answer my friend
is on your wife's boyfriends dick 
the cocaine she's blowing off his dick 

-Bob Dildo
What happened to Nasdaq
[deleted]
buy your calls now, do whatever it is you need to do, you dont want to continue missing this train like i was!!!!
I don't get the one seat thing.  Where's the hooker supposed to sit?
Nio gonna bounce off $50.85 and rip
QQQ dying and IWM pumping. Looks like we're in for MRNA vaccine news Monday.
Sorry guys. Just jumped in 15 min before. Rip to your calls
Yeah I see fcel as a medium/long term play while waiting for a breakout. I think it has long term potential with Biden pushing green energy with trillions
RKT going to surprise a lot of people when it doesn’t go back down to 20 this time. Going to see lots of people jumping in when it hits 25 and FOMO starts again. Set a remind me!
CRAZY potential. Hyped
FUCKING UZI IS BACK? Ps4 day it is! Glad I got my morning scalp in.
Im out of day trades lmao..
If you lose money today quit.
Why?
Puts?
Baba is on sale they said
last time i checked they're not an EV
Can confirm $vale was shit
Compared to Tesla they are undervalued. Lol. But you’re right. I see a profit take followed by another surge these Chinese fuckers don’t play. They’re here to  stay. Tesla is the real piece of shit totally over valued
EVs are basically the Netflix of video rental. If traditional car makers like Toyota, Honda, Ford, GM etc aren't moving their R+D into EVs, theyre gonna be gone one day. Few weeks ago I read that Toyota still believes in their Hydrogen tech and won't make an EV until 2025. Eerily similar to the things Blockbuster used to say bf going bankrupt. 

Today Netflix has multiple competitors and streaming is the norm. Imagine what the EV market will look like in 5-10 yrs? 

TL:DR buy EV calls 👍💰
Kinda. If you read the report about Li auto earnings, it went something like this, "their earnings are very disappointing, but the stock market dont give an F. Pump it up 25% and keep going." With this in mind, I have a feeling it might be the same with Nio. It doesnt matter what numbers the earnings are. The stock market is retarded.
🤚
i hate how webull counts your total loss it’s retarded
I’m with you in mourning
Lmao fuck just watched that movie last weekend
Pretty much
Sold my solo around 7.50, quick in and out gain$
Their leadership acts very Bezos like too
GM?
LOAD UP IN NIO
Yes 😩😩😩
lol thats a toughie, I would just set a trailing stop loss and let her ride
lol I had 5k shares at 1.25 and sold in June. I feel dumber than the ones who bought today
[deleted]
Hope you retards sold NIO at the top
Ngl I had a dream about waking up to GME up 150%. Freaky.
TTM, FUV, and KNDI all still cheap evs.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sell Li buy NIO
I’ve been holding all my money in BABA for a month watching it bleed, I just sold today, you’re welcome. To the moon
Buy that dip
CHYNA
I'm buying puts
SOLO is just an EV born with microcephaly
TSLA get none of the fun but will get all the sell off
Not cake day. Don’t care
Nio is closing above 55 idc
Sorry, thought you were waiting for my go signal. 

Ok, sounds useful. So volatility would be as in VIX? Not sure I can get a good guess for velocity. Like gamma?
This is the bull way!
Solo’s cars look like goldmember’s car in Austin powers
XPEV 50c 11/20?
This total market hour chart is fucking wild
KNDI a good eV stock? Or just buy xpev, li & Nio?
Me lol
Ride that mothafaka to the galactic outer rim or to the ground so hard you hit shale oil.
Just imagine when these Chinese EVs are trading in the several hundreds and even thousands one day...you will look back and thank yourself for being smart.
Does it close out your positions or you just can’t enter more?
PLTR time is now
[deleted]
i thought spy opened down today?
[deleted]
 Buy the dip
Hold
So SOLO huh?  Pretty sure I can afford to wait
This aged well
Jack Ma gonna need to blow Xi on live TV to get BABA moving lmao
solo $10 eod bet
Dead how? The company is going to continue to do fantastic but it’s market cap is litterally 19x these new competitors and that’s not gonna last.  I am a Tesla believer. I’d love to own a Tesla and musk is going to continue to make that company perform. But I wouldn’t buy TSLA.
Exit what?
Sell off 1/3 bro. Secure atleast 400% gain and diversify. You’ve got to prepare for boomer stock days and tech companies falling again. Having that buying power will let you buy the dips and guarantee huge gains from the rebound.
Mgm gang still here and we still lion heart 🦁❤️
PLTR is a beast
Me
can pooh and co stop bullying baba?!
Honestly, nio is the best thing ever right now.

Something that brings us all together. 

We all made money this time. Great story.
I did like a autistic retard
Market is not the economy tho 🤷🏼‍♀️
Please go google what the fuck market cap means
FOMO is the best way to get caught with your pants down. I'd advise against putting any significant amount of money into Chinese EVs that have gone up over 2000% in only a few weeks.
Mine are 11/27 I’ve never been so torn haha
Unity... It's glorious 😍
All in NIO at the top. Am I doing this right?
Here comes the FAKE DUMP
pretty much, they won some Covid/Cancer AI type contracts as well this quarter
Made a shit ton on LI at opening...promptly lost half on SOLO in 5 minutes
no one, because we aren't there yet!

&#x200B;

(me)
I bought when it was $5 😌
Sell NIO/LI/XPEV, buy PLTR
[removed]
Is there something wrong with baba?
Flipped $280 to $1,000 on NIO, $560 to $1,000 on JD... $1200 to $40 on BABA 🥵
One call to bind them
Me on the 9th: *"o ya BABA = total buy under $300 lmao ez"*

🤡🤡
Nah fuck that bitch
sq just stop consolidating and move up or down. i dont even care anymore if you fuck me just move
Imagine buying a put at 500% IV and having it go down 20% when IV goes down to 380% after the drop...
[deleted]
Already 10 shares deep
Wait til Monday if worried about theta. 

Buy now if you think it's going up more today.
oof well if it makes you feel better i had 12 11/13 50c yesterday morning for .27 and sold at .40 lmao
Aapl is such a fucking disappointment to me. You can’t bribe me with a 1.44$ dividend when I’ve lost one thousand times that much
Well we wouldn't want to look gay. Not that there's anything wrong with being gay, ask any wsb mod they will tell you.
If it does u still profit
By everything you mean literally just Apple and Tesla?
NIO 60 EOD and earnings might go crazy
good luck then
Why do they all go up when a competing company does good lol they cant all sell evs to everyone
TSM IS A DOG
PLTR will explode once they figure out their commercial side of their business.
this is the only NIO dip yall are gonna get
Same lol..apart from li which I'll buy soon. Feels wrong buy in it at 20%+ day
I did
Alright, who bought solo at 7.50$?
I’m up 300% on KNDI calls haha
i would assume it depends on when they expire. mine do in May, so yeah im holding
If they are unreliable, how can you say he's got the rona?
So This is why it started to free fall
Fsr with the $18 cock tease
PLTR 20 by EOY. That earnings report was fucking killer, don’t just look at the EPS 🤡s
today
KNDI
Well yes, yes it was lol https://www.reddit.com/r/MacOS/comments/jt3j1o/macos_big_sur_download_issue_megathread/
[removed]
Imma put a sell order for NET at 70 just in case and I’ll stop watching for the day. That BABA shit gonna make me lose my sleep. On my fucking birthday.
Annnd as soon as I buy fisker giant red candle
Fucks me every single time
First play in a while where I've been able to cash out half at +100% and watch it with no emotional turmoil. Holy fuck, feelsgoodman.jpg
MW: NIO to open animal shelter to allow adoption of animals. Shelter to be named "NIOpets"
me too 🧻 ✋
Alright, who bought the NIO top?
Ask yourself, would you ever buy a single person electric vehicle? You gonna pickup your tinder date in that? So why would you buy SOLO? Oh yes because you’re a retard
[deleted]
Why the fuck are you here then?
[deleted]
Is everyone selling BABA to jump into EV and other memes?
SOLOOOOOO
So apparently Cramer thinks that "Musk is wrong to focus on Electric" and that "Hydrogen is a great fuel."  This washed up coke monkey is trying to criticize a physicist because what...the "hydrogen" market is hot right now?  Fucking retards.
Serious question, dudes. How do you all feel about NIO being a long term hold?
Id be mad too if I wasn't rich enough to start my own civilization.
PLTR BACK FROM THE DEAD
PLTR about to run big again😤
A retarded amount
[deleted]
NIO give me my huge sexy dip so I can buy pleaze
I just put in another 5k pre earnings! 🚀🌕
NIO ...which fool said its bearish ?
Tesla never bursted they just split
High Engergy, SOLO is going to launch 🚀
Wouldn't call that mooning
[deleted]
You can't stop the Karp PLTR 17 eod!
Goooooo PLTR...
BABA and AAPL fucking me hard today
Everyone jumping on the NIO dip in 3...2....1
Everything bleeding but VXX not moving. Oh no batman
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tesla once again fucks me 😂😂😂😂😂😅
I’m looking for a pullback later today on NIO and early next week before going back in. It’s wildly overbought right now.
Baba has to stop drilling at some point, right?
AMD singlehandedly holding up my portfolio somehow today
You selling calls against your position?
That is a Model 3 ya dolt
May2021. So yes
Lol I’m in danger
Fucking Apple killed all my Nio gains from today.
[deleted]
When will ACB die. Fucking sucks.
ANT IPO cancelled
Hey brother just checking in you ok?
Chinese EVs profit takings inbound
Stop limit/market or trailing stop. Not sure what TD uses. Other option is to have a mental stop and keep an eye on the stock; 2 benefits- 1)if it gaps past your stop you may not get filled(stop limit), 2)you can keep a higher sell order in so your shares can’t be lent out for someone to borrow them to short.
Nio down sell now
What’s the downside to opening a bull call spread with a deep itm long leg?
[deleted]
Is PLUG hitting $30 today?
Take profits on NIO!!
I didn't know - if you say so?
Wow ya'll! I honestly wasn't sure if $55 was a real target for NIO today, but that volume and strength is insane. Nice work!
is 260 now low enough for BABA?
BABA SAID YEET
Sir this is a wendy's
they are going to be the google of spy software soon
PLTR thank you! Saved me from a horrid weekend doubting myself about you
$480
Same. Down $400 already lol
Just a thyroid issue
It would have been a lot cooler of you to do that yesterday pltr
100 MILLION VOLUME IN HALF AN HOUR 🥴
[removed]
no sloppy seconds. ride or die
Pls ban
Citron pulled the plug on NIO
 Fucking trash baba
Imagine FOMO'ing into SOLO after a 50%+ day... some of yall are legit retarded no joke.
I'm han solo. Im han solo. Im han solo. Im han solo solooo
Hes also mad at Baba
So glad I sold my PLTR 15p yesterday before earnings. Gawd damn 💰 Up 50% Would be worth nothing today
Hell no, shares make baby gains, I live lavish.
Iv gonna kill you anyway. Youre too late
soooooo tech, what's happening? lol
Das right
[deleted]
BABA Fell off a cliff. BABA alone took out 40% my portfolio.
Calls on Solo? Sike! No calls
Sector rotation into Chinese EV
Now if you want to X10 that money buy PLTR shares until March
Wtf Apple

Also NIO is nuts
Hell yeah! I just bought another NIO call
PLTR is the definition of legitness. Beast of a stock.
Maintenance facility at a VA hospital in Connecticut. 2 people dead from what I’m seeing on Twitter
Got out of BABA... no more china for me except NIO
LOTS of selling pressure on AAPL 0-DTE puts y'all
Last chance to buy NIO
The road to fortune is made one penny at a time.
BABA jumping off a cliff rn. RIP
I guess I’ll buy this SOLO dip then
Options is basically a contract where you agree to buy the shares at a certain price on a specific date. You have the option to buy them not the obligation. If shares are now €5 each and you make a call option at €6 for next month, if next month the options are at €8 you can buy them still at €6. If they go to €4 then you let the contract expire and do not buy them. Reverse principle for Put (down)
Constitutionally, no. It can go to court. It’s not over. I’ve personally accepted Biden as president but it still isn’t over
Looking like baba wants to turn red on the 3 month chart.
Bumming me out too
if you do play the short side on spy (which i don't advise as it is rigged to go up) never ever hold into the overnight session. all the gains in the indices happen in the overnight session.
 NIO KNIGHTS OF PLTR ASSEMBLE
What new news is BABA dropping on?  Or just random 2 percent drop just because
This is your NIO dip
I’m actually pissed that the movie got moved twice
I need aapl answers
Tuesday after the bell I believe.
[deleted]
Fucking weak
100%
[deleted]
[deleted]
Are you sure? Do you have source on what the false positive rate is?
[deleted]
Damn now I'm down 50% all time on my account. It's a shitty feeling for sure
FUCKING DIE SPY YOU INFLATED FUCK
It will
130 shares at $18 and still holding.

Finally not an autist but an investor with autistic traits
What a time to be alive! We are in the green!
It’ll go up, don’t worry
Take the profit. Could miss some gains but no looking back.
Baba not even resisting at 260...reeeee
iv crush from earnings yesterday AH, but now its up 7% the ones I bought at open already turned green
Checks IV on NIO calls... 227%😳😳😳
Bobby! You only buy Tesla!

Tesla is American and when Elon brings a factory to Texas I dont want him finding out my son bought any gat dang NIO.
PLTR WAS FOUNDED BY THE FUCKING CIA THEY ARE GOING TO HAVE HUGE CONTRACTS WITH THE FEDERAL GOVT, WORKING WITH OTHER GOVTS. Cyber warfare, coups all that. 

PLTR IS GOING COMMERCIAL AS WELL. 

PLTR IS NOT GOING ANYWHERE
Got 104 shares at 11.99! All time high at the time lol
Nio baby, just bought back in this morning at $53. We’re headed to $60 soon
Solo is Canadian homie
This truck runs on PLTR bear tears
I do. Support levels get broke through all the time.
PLTR is gonna be $17 before closing today.  I listened to their earnings call. They are about to take over the data infrastructure of every company.
if it cant hold above 264 today, it will drop further. wait until EOD before buy
XPEV DIP LAST CHANCE TO BUY IN BEFORE TAKE OFF 🚀 🚀
Yes
Baba so oversold but I am not having fun
how is spy still up when everything else is drilling
SELL PLUG SELL PLUG
DAMN WTF BABA
Sounds like Solo... lol
no idea but these bags getting heavy
no solo :(
Why is MGM up today?
Timberrrr
Free money. If u regret not getting in to nio at $6
PLTR is mooning to 16 today
[deleted]
Fuck Tim apple.
look in the bright side you at least don’t have to pay taxes this year
I’ve made money off Nio but this bubble is going to burst just like Tesla did.
wow I am so bad at this
New PLTR strategy, buy calls on red days and puts on green days
No Apple will definitely go back down The question is when. It's much more likely it's going to hit 110 before 130
First they said a Democrat win would be bad because of tax raises,
Then a divided government where Biden wins but republicans keep the senate,
Now it’s a good thing,
Next they’ll say a civil war is good because you have to replace all the destruction,
Next that China taking over is bullish because at least they’re not Russians,

There just seems to be no end to the street’s optimism.
I just did this for my first option, if I bought it at it's low I woulda made so much more but, still profits right?
Because the IV is insane
shit must have been horrible
When I saw Tesla skyrocket a few month ago I had no doubt NIO would follow. Just couldn’t buy any.
[removed]
I bought shares at $13 and sold at $15. You’re not alone.
Join the club
that means they are buying shares
i would like to humbly request that

DUMBASSES STOP SELLING BABA 

# 👺👺👺
Okay WSB i’ve given in. Balls deep in PLTR, NIO, XPEV and Ll. 90% of my money in the market. This is how you do it right?
i dunno what FSR but its printing
If youre pumping EV stocks make sure youre not the last one left holding bags
BABAbooey
I just sold.  I'm a little curious about the ER next Tues.
Shares.
Well at least I dumped my NIO puts at open.
[deleted]
Tech coming down. Spy gonna come down with it
If the morning autist rush ends with a stock up. The boomers catch on at lunch and push it higher through the day.
**One ring to rule them all**
Theta gang is all its worth now
If you don’t like China and want an EV play Solo is dipping. Oh Canada
💰
Glad I bought 8000 shares of solo on Monday
This rotation shit again? My lanta I can’t keep up
What’s happenin
FUV stepping up to the game and showing those old calls some green.
up 228% on my smol pp folio on the 1M. feels good bruh
you SOB I am IN!
Up 120% on my fisker 12/18 17.5c I bought yesterday
Fair enough, 30% not technically full control.  It is a vested interest in success though and still works for me.  Ali Baba got knocked in the crotch because of Jack Ma.  Nio was bailed put earlier this year so the thing Jack said about the banks being scarred when they lend you money is true here.  The CCP put their money in on Nio and are now getting paid back.  I took profit at 45 and now that I finally realized how much stake the CCP has I am back in it.  Analysts forecasts are stupid high on this and I am gonna ride this coaster some more.
I did
How oversold is BABA right now?
FOMOing into SOLO was the easiest money I've lost so far, at least I still have NIO...
Everyone's sleeping on our boy Henrik today. FSR has jumped a bit and plenty more to go.
Man I fucking hate AAPL. It's like an abusive relationship. It looks like it's getting better and back on track and then nah.
Self made. I use to work as a commodities trader. Now I just trade for myself. 

Back in the days we shoot from the hip all the time. Pure autism in that industry. Although machines with their unlimited funds r starting to run us out of the business when I quit a few years back.
buy shares and learn options front to back before you throw that $1000 away.
I jumped on the solo bandwagon... yall are fucked it literally started tanking after I bought.

Sorry bitches
Scalped 60Cs at open for  a quick +100%

Probably left money on the table by end of day. But since its so OTM lol no interest in diamond handing shit. I'll leave that to those with bigger cashstacks.

Might look for a more ITM entry soon - fucking glad I exited when I did. Volatility is a beautifully terrifying  thing. 

Scalpers careful you don't treat your 5 min scalp plays like full 4 hr day trades. Subtle but very important difference - see above for volatility.
Ahhaahha 🌈🐻
Nice dude. Now get more!!!
Dump team 69
Strike? I’d double
Yesterday lol
Y'all really pumping PLTR? Smart money going to pull the rug hard
Now wtf is going on with twitter
god NVDA cmon already
Nothing feels better than buying solo at the top tbh
Anyone playing KCAC?
WAPO: dinner parties and game nights are killing you with CoVid!! Fuck this calls on PLAY
Why would you buy after a good after hours with shit earnings
Meanwhile...PLUG still doing its thanggggg 🍆
I bought in at .3 sold at 2.5, shot up to 3.5 before I could revise the order once I realized the strength behind the pump... 

Profit is profit though and no one went broke getting rich right?
Sell I had mine and sold today no need to risk it take the gains
Gang has moved to nio xpev solo. Tsla is for boomer now
Because you fomo
Enjoy your 90 day ban lol it’s not a Robinhood rule
I sold my FDs, holding leaps
I really should have looked at how much weeklies and monthlies are going for before buying these NOK shares to sell CC’s against 😥
It's legal to punch someone who drives a SOLO
Is it possible that loans can be at 10% because the lenders providing these loans know that they you cannot escape the loans and the government is backing them? If you remove that, the rates will go down. The incentives of each party--lender and borrower--will find their equilibrium. Right now there is a gorilla weighing things down in favor of the lender and poorly educated kids are getting into these loans and fucking themselves because lenders cannot be counted on the be virtuous... they're in business.
I told yall to buy at the bottom yesterday...easy money
I would leave my wife if she gave 50k to absolutely anyone for free
they release next week...look at what happened to both XPEV and LI after release. If you're ITM, you should see good gains.
What ticker are Stomper toys under?
If it can get through 58, it'll test 61
FEAR!
SOLO needs to hit a bounce
when did u buy?
LI let's fucking GOOOOOO,42 EOD!
Nah but their latest macos update was a disaster
Buy into NIO lads were pumping up to 57 EOD you’ll regret it otherwise in an hours time it’ll be too late

The 🚀 won’t be stopping for anyone else
TSLA you piece of shit boomer stock
TSLA messed up in China by not introducing the Model Y sooner. All their competition have SUV first.
Worth picking up a NIO 53 call for $600 November 20 or do I wait til next week
BABA is a POS
Problem really isn’t the chip, it’s getting the risk architecture to play nice with existing platforms ie adobe. It’s going to take a few years before a majority of apps are probably ve supported with the abilities as on windows etc.
Chinese US tension very high at the moment....EVs could dump any minute from now...
Shoulda bought at 54 like I did hahaha
If you wait you have the opportunity for huge gains
Sir I may have just creamed
Chad Xi vs Virgin Mango
when you're so far OTM, a 10% move doesn't make a dent in your contract price....
30 seconds later
Was it a wet dream?
what's the SOLO news
PLTR unstoppable $20 EOD lets goooo
When is that?
Serious question. Are you guys holding your NIO calls?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mark Zuckerberg is the biggest cunt alive today. I’d never buy FB.
Did pltr just say they're doing EVs too?
dhump
It looks like a comma
Yeah in hell loser!
Nio giving me my birthday money
U fucks better not sell until Tuesday 
Jan 15 45c
[deleted]
Call buying day - buying leaps for mid 2021
Everyone's sleeping on our boy Henrik today... FSR has jumped.
Boring  theta Day
Post coffee poop time? Enjoy.
Brother do u have a monthly calendar version?
Dead cat bounce on solo
Thanks for the warning gay ass bear. I’ll make sure to liquidate my whole portfolio now
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.courant.com/breaking-news/hc-br-west-haven-va-hospital-explosion-20201113-7kwigxujpbgqvia36ze3wnmzxq-story.html%3foutputType=amp
AAPL just stuck at 117-118 forever huh?
We should just change the name of the sub to NIO & SOLO street bets..FFS!
Chinese EVs 🤯🤯🤯 Sweet baby Jesus
The Chinese prefer Tesla as it is considered higher end even if the price is cheaper.
i think there heading towards 110 and will retest. If they can bounce back they can probably break 120.
Try learning what support levels are, and buy at support. Works at least... idk 75% of the time.
The walking dead stock. Biggest bullshit stock man.
You can keep going until the end of the day then at market close you will be marked, happened to me a month ago, two more months until I can trade again
REMINDER : Be careful out there today boys, it’s Friday, don’t get caught in something over the weekend that MMs could drop like a rock
new nio
120% spike incoming
Buying nio puts if it breaches 55
Solo go back up!!
lel
PLEASE
SOLO ? K, thx
Looks like it's cooling off my 11/20 calls are SCARED
My PLTR calls still down 20% 🥴
guys, the chinese EV companies at least make stuff. pretty sure SOLO is a guy in a basement
SOLO, I’m watching the flyboy go without me :(
BABA - Down 25% on my 12/18 call.  Get out or double down?
This...
I concur
🐼
This is the tragic comment I see posted too often.  💎🔋✋
[deleted]
Thought my NIO 52c 2DTE FD’s were too retarded, and NIO reminded me that I am indeed a retard
RIDE is the NEXT SOLO !
Idk how you could be bearish on ZM. Yeah I get it’s overvalued af but the upcoming news cycle is going to pump it so hard. We’re about go full lockdown right when it has earnings
Idts man, QQQ looks ripe for another round
i bought a 15c 11/20 when it was at 16, sold at 13 bc people were talking about risk of getting delisted, mooned to 20 literally the week after i sold it at a loss
Is Reddit working for anyone ??
>A new study indicates that people with type O blood have a lower risk of contracting the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19 than people with other blood types. 

Took like 8 seconds.

[https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwjmjun95P\_sAhWbbc0KHU4GDmIQFjABegQIBxAC&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthline.com%2Fhealth-news%2Fdoes-your-blood-type-increase-your-risk-for-coronavirus&usg=AOvVaw0P2Vd2cYHtB98g70cxTApC](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwjmjun95P_sAhWbbc0KHU4GDmIQFjABegQIBxAC&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthline.com%2Fhealth-news%2Fdoes-your-blood-type-increase-your-risk-for-coronavirus&usg=AOvVaw0P2Vd2cYHtB98g70cxTApC)
Segway 2.0
Sell NIO calls early? I have a $50 call that expires 11/20. I already made huge gains but I also have another week. Should I wait or just sell calls?
So are SOLO cars street legal in the US or only in CA, OR, and Vancouver?
Everyone go buy PLTR. My account needs you. Thx
Solo has me up a grand this morning
RKT needs to rebrand itself as a Chinese EV company so it can get in on some of that sweet sweet overnight +50% for no reason
Same 

Take the gains and don’t look back
What profits?
Dw if you missed 50 on NIO. Get in now and watch the Monday open giga pump to 60.
Are you really a lady? Me too. Hi fwen! 🙆🏼‍♀️
[removed]
[deleted]
11/25 345p
You should read EO12333. The agencies you mentioned are not authorized to surveil US persons. Typically only the FBI or cops can do that (and with a warrant.) If they are able to, it's because they got a warrant from a judge who decided it's a national security problem, which means you are probably Bin Laden's homie.
Lol....
Trump banning chinese stocks 

Xi got mad

Xi using his 3 Trillion dollar in bank to pump chinese names to valhalla
Baba why are u the way u are
Buy solo now so 5 mins later they can dump on you
NIO will hit $80 by next Friday at the rate its moving.  Congrats on the gains.
Congrats Nio's. Don't even have any nio. Still happy for ya tho.👊
Flipped NIO 40c for about 400%. Now it’s time to ride out my GRWG 25c
lol. Multiple vaccines are already proven to be effective. Its downfall is inevitable.
F
[removed]
[https://www.660citynews.com/2020/11/13/explosion-at-va-hospital-investigated-no-word-on-injuries/](https://www.660citynews.com/2020/11/13/explosion-at-va-hospital-investigated-no-word-on-injuries/)
4 days
Is TSLA officially dead?

KNDI.
PLTR is legit and has legs and a solid floor to run on
Come one TSLA do something
Tim Apple, n-word, etc
$500
[deleted]
I'd really like to have a position that goes green from the beginning. I hate holding fucking bags. It's the most annoying thing on the fucking planet.
**FSR is the play. 20 EOD**
Nah I will wait for it to tank again before buying options.
Dude out here buying NIO puts
SOLO IS GOING TO MOON
Robinhood keeps giving me a message that I’ll be 90 day banned for PDT and I hit accept and it just lets me trade anyways, does anybody know why?
[deleted]
Work from home is kill but why
Buy American, FSR!!!
[removed]
[deleted]
Feeling a bit fisky.. my 11/20 $20c are up 350%
Made quick $600 on that daily nio puts
Why?
ok so sorry about that. anyways. volatility/velocity specialist.
Wtf is SOLO
NIO 60 eod?
[deleted]
Brings a tear to my eye seeing some kind of life out of Rkt
rip TQ
I googled it and legit lol’d looks like a croissant on wheels
I might throw 100k at BABA and check it in a year
nah hes just got the grimes.
Will these preorder and thanksgiving numbers be reported in their earnings report on 12/8
WTF is wrong with BABA?!?!
NIO market cap should be 200B given the opportunity in China and Europe...affordable EVs to compete with Tesla...still so much more room to run
Historical as fuck, they domino off eachother its like free money
tellya hwat
Baba free falling
I don’t know how you guys couldn’t see this. 

Step 1:You drill 20%

Step 2: you report single day revenues higher than most countries annual GDP

Step 3: you keep drilling. Because why the fuck not.
This is it, this is your LAST DIP TO BUY FOR TODAY NIOOOOOO DIAMOND HANDS BABY
Dammit Jack, just apologize to Xi and be done with it and get BABA back to 350
Gotta trade with momentum, why would you bother scalping TSLA or NKLA when other EV tickers are actually making moves.
Somebody make me stop doubling down on BABA every time it seems like it's officially ded
[deleted]
SOLO GANG 🔥🔥🔥
Consumer sentiment sucks lowest since august.
In case you were wondering, this is the NIO dip. Get in before the next gap up
Can’t even yolo options 😂😂😂
I hopped on DKNG at 45.40. Am I screwed?
Where
[deleted]
Alexa play Thrasher 83 by Camille R
[deleted]
Apple insiders know something.
Is PLL printing because of all the EV love?
Good luck brother 🤝
[deleted]
Why are apple so shit
Wow. Been talking shit about NIO all week. Bought $59 call yesterday on the dip and it turned into a 10 bagger already
[removed]
Feels so sus about the EV pump today. Expecting a dump on Monday?
PLTR is the new NIO
Have you ever seen a day where it was more obvious that SPY is about to drill?
man that was a no brainer at 120
What the fuck is that abomination
NIO is going to go absolutely ballistic after they release earnings.
Hahaha very true.  But on a dollars per minute level this is as high as your moms boyfriends husbands sex chat line.  1900-tendie-riseMe
rip baba 😔
buy the dip on SOLO 🤑🤑🤑
Where
PLTR and NIO move like nothing i've ever seen before holy shit. These things are fucking crazy.
Nope, selling is just a risk at this point. If it drops, itll recover in a day. If it moons like every other chinese ev, you just lost a lot of valuable position
Executive order killing BABA
Tim apple is just acting out...
I should prob get my shitt together looks like im missing out
what makes you say that? Vix is down
[deleted]
Just a quick heads up for you retards:

NIO's logo has an arrow pointing up, which means you should buy calls

PLTR's logo has an arrow pointing down, so you should turn your phone around to make it point up. Then buy calls. You're welcome
FSR is the new meme
I love amd and nio is cool too I guess
Sector rotation into EVs
How is SPY still hulk green when every call I have is in the shitter?
SOLO such a boomer stock at 500% IV
Buy the NIO dip
Yesss FSR saving my account....yes BB
My man
Hexo is looking like could be potential
[deleted]
This guy asking the real questions
Now is THIS the Baba dip to buy?
Ya think PLTR $16 will hit soon?
[https://twitter.com/CitronResearch/status/1327260733684346880](https://twitter.com/CitronResearch/status/1327260733684346880)

get out while you can

NIO at these prices will get attacked by short sellers constantly 

altho.. maybe thats a good thing for bulls 😑
I am!  ;)
Buy SOLO
It takes a special retard to be sad and cry when you make money.
Link?
Lol
This is basically the only chance to buy into SOLO
Fucking Apple my 11/20 125c are dying.
Fucking never again 😂
"I am a value investor."
Was about to ask the same lol
TSLA will have its day
Meme foh
Free money!  Buy SOLO.  Sell Covered Calls to you idiots.
Do you know anything about them besides EV FOMO?
That’s a fact. WSB roll out. Time to meme solo
[deleted]
same! sold my contracts at 7.10 (bought in at 4.65) and i just checked and they’re at 10.30😭😭
Get into PLTR while you can lmfao, its headed for the same trajectory at this point.
I've been saying I won't go back in because its just FOMO all week so fuck it I'm in again
[deleted]
Bro if it was shit I’d be fucking down not up. Now $VALE... THAT was shit.

EDIT: bought more today am down overall now. Thanks karma.
Deliveries, contracts, projects and potential market. Also earnings vs expected earnings.
I bought a Onion. It’s starting to sprout.
Bought 4p next Friday on solo. This one ain’t it chief. I’ll post gain porn next week
Adding to PLtR gonna push the market to $17 so my calls will print
Nice
BACK FOKING BUSINESS
[removed]
Apple calls??
[deleted]
aapl wtf
next week
what is up with these gat dang chinese EV companies
you can have our msft and aapl bears. bulls will stick to EV’s
[deleted]
Unsame
FSR!!!!!
Literally. I fucking hate myself.
And don't forget, no matter how long you hold an option; it's still taxed as short term capital gains
niostreetbets
Am I retarded for not selling at EOD today lol
you're not alone
So is it basically a sell order you put in with an extended date? With TD which Stop do you specifically use?
Well done
[deleted]
Lol
Lock in some of that man. You can't time the pullback and when it does it's gonna blow
Alibaba and the 40 thieves.
And i was upset i lost 180 bucks on my NIO puts for today
Bet you wished you fomod now. Instead of a stupid box.
PLTR PLTR
WTF is up with BABA, just non stop drilling.
> fake ass-drill

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Connecticut
What’s safe to buy and hold through the weekend
Bought solo shares because of you autists, then looked them up, that car looks HILARIOUS but hey cash is cash
BABA dead. I am fuk
Guarantee SOLO hits 10 by today, and 14 by Monday open
I was watching FVRR and ETSY when they were down at 120.. Sat on my hands like a simp. I think FVRR is winning that race right now
nope. yesterday was a bear trap. gap em and trap em
Yolo on solo
I hope thay trend continues since i just bought a little more.
I usually sell before earnings because I'm not a gigaretard, but I'm really tempted to hold my calls on NIO through. Every other Chinese EV has skyrocketed after earnings, so is there any reason NIO won't do the same?
XPEV  NIO  LI

The holy trinity
They just can’t be stopped
So when the music stops in Solo, whos gonna have biggest bag i history of capitalism?! Gl
imagine LOL fucking retards
you sir are not smart
This lady hit 100% returns for the year this morning.

Where's my retard medal.
BABA with the fake-ass drill
[removed]
Same lol
Already up 70% on mine. I would
A dump is coming any minute from now...you have been warned...
I’m scared to sell 11/20 $70c on nio cause at this point I could see it hitting that price
Just sold my $LI 35C 12/18
He's not. O appears to be the most resistant. Just google it if you're so sure he's full of it and read the research that has been done.
FB is such a piece of shit. Is this bullshit ever going up again? Or do we have to wait for this retarded fucking Chinese EV bubble to pop first?
SOLO LETS GO
[deleted]
PRPO to moon next week or 2.
Good morning birdy. We up up
It's STILL not too late to get into NIO, XPEV, FSR, LI

Stop being scared and fucking buy already
Wtf happened to Baba?
Seriously? Where?
Lindsay a keeper. Stop being a short dick day trader and make some real money to buy her a necklace at Kohl’s.
Super nice returns on FSR calls today
Do I sel
I'm quite familiar with his story, but I did not watch the movie.

Any of the revelations that the public had as a result of his actions, should really be viewed through the lens of that law I linked, EO12333. 

What country does that guy live in again?

Oh yeah.
We’re going bear hunting. With bazookas.
NIO 12/11 50c prepare for the drop
Oh so BABA is just dead forever then?
I sold half to lock in profit. Now up another 88% today. No regrets
just bought li
Already up 50% today.
Buy shares and leaps
Thank you. I didn’t know what they did
Damn
Don't gain posts have to be more than an amount that would excite poor people?
What a morning!
RH should have a vault option.  I want to put my PLTR shares on lockdown so I can't sell for 5 years
Fsr is having a day
[removed]
Guys do you think my 11/13 rkt 23 calls have a chance?
PLTR keep going you can do it!
actually up and rising. so not a bad start
Tech just took a shit
get on the KNDI train people
Sold NIO, I ain't got diamond hands
what the fuck is this
Uhhhh have you forgotten April and May of this year?
PLTR, move bitch get out the way!
Did they not put China on the chart because it’s fuck up the scale?
Solo going to $10
Dammit baba
i did exactly what i said I wouldn't do...

&#x200B;

fomo'd into NIO
Diamond hands for capital gains tax
Li auto
Up 30% on the day and still feel like I’m 90% in the red compared to NIO/SOLO/FSR holders
F
no you haven't. IFR for covid for people in their 30s is lower than that of flu
GE going NIO wtf
Whoever said SOLO thank you up 200%
Damn I'm glad I fomo'd into Nio calls, up almost 400%
We can get it all back, champ.
Ik im retarded but are BABA calls a move? 7:10 call to put ratio rn wtf
Baba drilling to the core of the earth. You hate to see it.
Could you lazy fucks just google it, instead of assuming it's misinformation?

Blood type appears to be a factor. That's not misinformation.

https://www.hematology.org/newsroom/press-releases/2020/possible-link-between-blood-type-and-covid-19

https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2020283
SoftBank is pumping nio
Late next week.
NIO WE LOVE YOU
Tesla 2.0 but with lucking coffee mixed in
Interesting. For example today where is your stop loss set? I'm very curious how to protect losses as I've been fucked that way before.
What
SOLO is not Chinese
EV’s are just killing the market rn
Can somebody write more solo calls I don’t want to buy these 7.5s
for real! next week should be good
KNDI headed to $10
sell it for me bby
PaLaNtIr Is DuMpInG
[deleted]
This is looking like a dead cat bounce in tech orchestrated by smart money who got caught off guard Monday. Once they exit it could get scary
Lol when you miss out on the NIO wave because you rather play tsla 😢😢
Solo March leaps?!?
BOEING after losing billions of dollars is all of sudden going up. dont worry we going under lockdown soon
Fuck you ZM
When you buy NIO calls at ATH and still make money 🙂
Who is pouring money into NIO at $54
What are peoples thoughts on AIHS and KXIN?
Buy both, what are you, smooth brain or something? This is a EV flood, everything is going up
To the guy who said AAPL puts were the move, thank you
This aged nicely.
I need to get off this ride, tdoc is sick
R/investing getting in on NIO. Time to gtfo
We will never have a red day again.

Just embrace the euphoria
Did the benchmarks for the new AAPL chips leak?
Everyone here is retarded, but you're something *special*.
Bruh.... I just..... fuck. I can’t wait until NIO crashes and burns because I can’t STAND hearing about the stock that I sold 1/15/21 $15 C's for at $14
I am the only one who will exit all positions for this weekend?
Not having daytrades on days like this is like getting a handjob by your cousin on thanksgiving when no ones watching and your dad sees something but you aren’t sure so you don’t make eye contact anymore after 10 years. I should call him
ALL IN ON SHITTY WEIRD ELECTRIC CAR COMPANIES
damn big ass bids coming in on RKT leaps
Wtf is up w/ Baba
i sold too soon my EV :(
Uh oh a hospital just exploded
i know if i sell its gonna moon but if i hold its gonna stay flat
Down SPY down! Cmon baby fuck these “market only goes up” radicals
calls on salt
SOLO IS THE BEST THING EVER
Higher.
[deleted]
Good shit bb
i just paid 100$ in commission for a fastly scalp.

fuck man i needa switch brokers
Made a quick 100% on that solo pump 😎
$.87 lol
Holy fuck. Nice job brother! Make sure you cash in those tendies.
Since I bought $25 LEAPs at $13--that basically means I got in for 100 shares at $38?
RIP my INTC puts
If I had more capital I’d totally get xpev calls.. I’m even considering selling some Nio stocks 😂
There were two chances to get in on SOLO, about to miss your last one now
Scared money don’t make money. Trust your conviction. If you’re going to pull your dick out then pull it out and commit. Lesson learned
Fuck I’m going back in on baba
I miss the days when everyone got excited about TSLA like they do these Chinese EVs now
Constantly changing it. Assessing and re-assessing daily
Is there any difference between buy 225 dollars of Bershire A and getting a percentage of a share on robinhood or buying one full share of berkshire b for the same cost?
Ok I’m done looking for today.
well i sold about 45 NIO contracts yesterday and lost out on about 25-30k
Is this the pump before the market fucking nukes? I'm happy don't get me wrong but... Jesus things are skyrocketing
jump in SOLO
Fuck you baba leaps
go PLTR go! I will literally throw my life savings into something software gobbling up Gov't contracts like you!
SOLO SOLO SOLO
Thinking the market can see last a day is true retardness
GET IN WHILE YOU CAN SOLO BOYS
60
Hold till 20
NKLA come on dude just die already
https://imgur.com/gallery/5inD8lb
LOL fuck you man ..... congrats
None of those, and you’re obviously very ignorant as to what I’m talking about. Stop saying PCR is a test because it literally isn’t, it’s a process.
PLTR moon day??
All my homies hate BABA
Buddy. Sell
got 1/3 of my play money in nio. i only wish it was more.
Small caps pumping.
[deleted]
No, riding them, geez
Powerrrr
Bought shares of solo.
hold and play earnings
I bought shares at 20 and sold at 30 🤨
Solo seems like pump and dump
[deleted]
SOLO GAINS https://imgur.com/gallery/5inD8lb
Now or never
Another day, another BABA bleed...
TSLA Call time
Do you think EPS is all investors fucking care about?
Never it’ll go up
spy being fake and g\*\* today
You Are a madman but i do respect that ...
Boy I have a huge penis. Just made a 50% gain on solo and got out in 5 minutes
NIO getting that Rookie of the Year award 😤😤
[deleted]
Zoom making me sad
this volume is shit, one half-red dildo and we start dumping
Bruh I watched NIO from $4 and never made money on it wtf
Bruh
>SOLO

3.00 MYSELF, LOVING IT SOLO UP
Doubled in 24hrs, correction incoming
See? :) hopefully we can get puts soon...!
Yeah.  I have no more money but I'd be buying put leaps to avoid any more short term fomo and then wait for the inevitable
Love you all

https://i.imgur.com/uRCeFJH.jpg
nope I'm just retarded. The spike was AMC calls
unreal... a few quick in and outs for 100$
54!
What's wrong with apple guys
Ok now we can stop calling PLTR "budget RKT gang"
https://imgur.com/gallery/5inD8lb
Its time to breach 54 boys
SOLO YOU ARE OUR ONLY HOPE
LI too. All the EVs are going insane.
Uh wtf is solo and when do I hop on the tendy train
you will regret not getting into SOLO at sub $10 one month later
Fuck the haters who said our PLTR calls were dead last night. We're on a moon mission!
SOLO
KCAC. they’re public, and merging with QS. It’s hard to follow all these spacs, but they allow you to get in on the early side if you stay on top of all the spac news
Sold 2 of my NIO calls and bought 2 LI calls,already up by 9%
BOYS SHOULD WE HOLD SOLO???
KNDI
Life has gotten more fun ever since I switched from gme to nio
thanks bb
Solo > fsr
Lol they both are getting crushed right now. Even ITM and I’m down 15% on those. 55s are ded
If you’re not buying Chinese stocks you’re not an American
don't blink on nio bois, $58 eod
Yep pump and dump algos
Plummetar
Bought 10k in PLTR shares at 13.6 dip yesterday. 100 by EOY 2021
YOLO on SOLO
pappa feels a rug pull
NIO eod?
My only regret is that I didn’t buy more. Fuck.
[deleted]
5000 shares of solo bought at 9:50 already up 20%
IRM call leaps
how much you buy em for
They are capitulating?
The most I have invested is $100 and I browse this sub daily. No idea why I’m here
Theta gang is the houses.
I always feel like it’s too late to jump in, is it too late to jump in?? NIO
I'm a bull and still loosing money today.
Look here - Someone put $100 in NIO!!!
Papa Elon may or may not have beer virus so wsb retards don't love TSLA any more... They've moved onto the wife NIO and tiny pee pee SOLO boyfriend
Fucking Giraffes?
Thank god this market is only looking to the end of December.
[deleted]
Stick a sock in them...
Nio!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very true hahaha
just YOLO'd SOLO

moon? prob not
When people die, what happens to their money?

It gets inherited.  When lots of people die, lots of money gets inherited. That newly inherited money shows up in the market.
Fuck do I sell NIO or do I power through
PLTR moon mission 2020
54 nio is top for today
Bear?
Might lock in some gains on NIO y’all, fair warning ⚠️
My dec 18 baba calls are down 30%
$20 eom
This is getting easier. Just find a meme stock and wait for a dip. Buy said dip and take profits when you can.
Target price?
That’s it I’m switching to cash account next week. I can’t miss out on these absolute unit dildos anymore
Wow the SOLO shilling is unreal
Man, NIO is nuts, but it's gunna split a lotta dicks here when its suddenly not. Who the fuck knows when though.
I think so, their cars are ugly and not practical... that’s going to pop it at some point
I'm NIO breaks 54 again I'm switching to puts. Pray for me.
I wanna see some serious NIO again porn
[removed]
No way
Get in solo now
No one talking about NIU? Another legit EV play. Up huge this week with earnings coming out end of month. Analysts upgrades left and right. Next 100% runner.
Ok I have NIO. Bought at $28. And even I’m like WTF is going on.
MMs pls stop selling the DAQ I’m begging you
Me and my gay financials and "viable product" analysis.

SOLOW was at the top of the screeners for a pop on Monday but I passed.🤡🔫
SOLO
Bet MGM is holding it up right now
Get in on FSR now retards
JOE looking as retarded as I am right now for holding these calls
I had 50c 11/13 $NIO that I sold at a loss on Tuesday (because I’m a dumb pussy)
I like the articles that say “markets open higher” like they haven’t opened high everyday for nearly seven months
Hi, when we gonna be oil BARRONS?!
Finally my boy RKT doing something
Me to Solo: "I Love You"

Solo: "I Know"
Is there another vaccine pump going on? Casinos are up
I live for the retarded spikes up. Those moments of green are what I live for. Even if it's still donwhill overall.
citron research with the hit piece on NIO, they'll never take us alive
[deleted]
Buy FUV before it moons
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just waiting for a pullback so I can join the Electric Gang...
[removed]
...and it’s up >50% haha
I have never made this much return before and I am feeling like a dirty piggy 🐷
Well PLTR killed my account later folks glad just blindly throwing money into Chinese EV is the play and when company's miss EPS by a dollar it moons.
Lmao WSB pump and dump? Never heard of SOLO until right now
sitting here with my 5C SOLO leap at 2.30 very comfy
I know every Autist on this sub probably think it would be great News if the chinese government contracts Nio/Xpeng to build military vehicles...but when that happens sell your stock/options. You can bet your ass U.S sanctions will kick in on these Chinese EV makers. Not to mention Xpeng has been caught stealing IP from Apple and Tesla, wouldn't surprise me if they started lobbying the president to do something about their chinese competitors.
Can we all agree that fundamentals mean absolutely fucking nothing at this point? NIO is almost a 30 bagger this year alone in a market that has every right and was given every opportunity to tank over the last year.

NIO 50C 2/21
Shes at least a 7 beer root
I paper handed a few hundred dollar gain, sat for a minute watching it go up, so rerolled back into and enjoying more tendies.
I have no idea I just keep seeing comments so I went to check it out lol
Feels like meme stocks are the only reliable ones these days. The massive rug pull in the future is gonna be epic 😎
This sub really sleepin on SBE
Why are people buying calls on solo cups?
Got 900% return overnight on 54c, sad thing is I only bought 1 for .30, fml
Buy FUV
NIO the most retarded run I ever seen but I can’t hate
[deleted]
Man I sold this morning would’ve been up so much more... still happy though!
[deleted]
Last chance to SOLO
BABA just absolutely refusing to move.
[deleted]
Holy shit they're getting ready for the mother of all NIO dumps aren't they?
**HOW MANY TIMES DO WE HAVE TO TEACH YOU THIS LESSON GAY BEARS?**
Nio haters can leave now
XPENG BABY
When do y'all think it'll hit $60?
NIO has not only got my out of red since March, but blew right past! I feel like this investing/betting is all worth it again
So NKLA joining the EV boom today?

That thing still has 7.5B market cap...unreal
can nio dip? So i can buymore
To whomever mentioned SOL back before the election.  Thanks!
What price target we thinking for SOLO?
Fuck it. In on 100 shares of Solo and KNDI. Apparently you can’t go wrong with a EV..
FSR instead of being a gay
nio gonna ride that 20 MA all the way up again today
Nio giving me late 2017 coin vibes
[deleted]
rotation into SOLO
XPEV and Li both went up....NIO should too.
bro that comment here about solo being ugly 3 wheelers scared me away so I went with xpev, not mad but wow
Yeah I held it and sold cos those cars are ugly af why is it flying?
**NOT TOO LATE TO GET INTO SOLO**
Don't listen to me, but go now, or you'll be like these guys fomoing nio
DKNG and MRVL low key ripping
RIDING SOLO
HIGHER PLTR HIGHER
Wow.. 60c 12/18 I bought last night is up 80%..
Buy Nio.  I beleive in Asian Elon.
Easily 60+ after earning.


how are u going to explain to ur children that ur poor because u missed the Tesla's boat AND the Nio's boat.

Lol.  can u imagine missing the boat twice.
NIU mooning
NIO 🐻 🐻 🐻

[https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf](https://citronresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/NIO-Citron-Pulls-the-Plug.pdf)
balls deep in NIO $53 calls 11/13
hey NIO peeps you should switch over to NIU if you feel like top in in, also in china ev basket, overlooked, earnings next week should be blowout
I'm glad I went boomer and bought shares instead of calls lol
Will be locked out for around 1000 gain... meg
Calls brah
Its like the scene in the lion king, scar(nio) is holding mufasa(tsla) and says 'stocks only go up' and he let's him go into the stampede(covid)
Xpev taking off again
Where and how to you set stops losses? Do you constantly change it? Can you change it multiple times?
Lol everyone in nio doesn’t even know what cars they sell
Lmao I love that wording.

God damn commies
Vix is dead load up on calls!!
FOMOed into SOLO and immediately lost money.
WEAK HANDS ON SOLO GET IN NOW
Diversification is having both SOLO and NIO options
Looks like Covid is going to end by Easter. Trump just got the wrong year.
What strike and date?
HAN SOLOOOOOO
I see too many autists buying into NIO, time for long dated PUTS
SOLO is going to phuckin moon theough the weekend
exactly. even with the outrageous IV ive been buying and selling 11/20 calls daily and theyve been printing
Nice
GueSS iF thEy sAY I’m SeLLing
Thank you to whoever said solo leaps
Manifesting it into existence
[deleted]
nio is just stupid and all these autists are making money i’m so mad i’m missing out lol
Not late, going up
SOLO fuckkkkkk
Damnit Microsoft, what are you doing soldier?!
Hop in - this puppy is getting meme’d
Solo going off and I go check out the history cause I don’t even remember solo to see that I had bought 5k shares at 1.25 and sold in June wtf.
PLTRRRRR
Buy your daily aal puts now
r pennystocks
Buy solo
🤑🤑🤑
By solo
SOLO MOONING!
Wtf solo
SOL been mooning like crazy
Juggling these NIO  calls like crazy.
bro, there isn't a single company in the nasdaq whose market cap can be justified right now.

the answer is BRRRRRRRRRRRRR and thats all that matters, fundamentals havent mattered in years.
Timing and supply issues. Unclear if they have they supply situation settled now.

That said it just riding the bubble, no real numbers for another year or more.
Loaded up on NIO puts, keep overbuying it guys!!
SOLO baby. 11/20 7.5c up 13%
He bought?? PUMP IT!
Chinese name JD, NIO, JKS earning next week

All in calls, can't be wrong
lol
Nope.
Justice Alito can suck my BABA
...... shit .... you have a point ... I exited all of my NIO positions this morning. (Except for the PUT I bought)

&#x200B;

This bubble is going to pop by EOY and i'm not getting caught by it.
Shares and call
KNDI and FSR please rain down tendies on me
Caught a ten bagger off Nio 11/13 53c and now I’m back to bed. Good luck out there 🤪
AMD liftoff
WTF is this shit with MGM.  Vegas is probably going to shut down again and this shit is up 3%.  They legalize online gambling while I was asleep?
FCEL hard stuck at 2.75
I will not FOMO into SOLO, I will not FOMO into SOLO....
I would.  I don't know how people haven't taken profits already.  This ev pump is out of this world.  For companies that are basically still new, they're pumping
Tsla bulls come cry with me
I love you
SOLO volume pumping 😩
SOLO just passed KNDI
SOLO literally getting retard energy from wsb
F Citron
[deleted]
Waited for solo dip and it’s non existent
SOLO IS A CANADIAN EV COMPANY
Up 4K on Nio calls so far
I bought this morning When it was up 30% now its up 50%
Cheers I'm out
My computer literally can’t even load NIO and keeps crashing.
Glad I just fomo’d into SOLO
Yes but not enough contracts! Bought March  7.5c already In the money
Fuckkk I was going to yolo into them and got stuck on a work call :( oh well.
SAME
[deleted]
What’s the play on solo
What’s a good day trade?
Sold my NIO call.  I'll buy back in no matter what next Wed.
That one EV trifecta post from a while ago I would send link if I have
Cheers, I'm out
You couldn't be more wrong.

Jack Ma recently gave a speech where he specifically called out the CCP. 

Which then the CCP retaliated by blocking his ANT IPO.

Jack Ma and the CCP do not get along.
Baba is going full gay
Lol at 🌈🐻 thinking the market will ever go down.  Your pussy virus isn't shit to the market, it couldn't even kill Donnie or Chris Chrispiecreme old fat asses.
Cash gang today. This looks flat/weird
It doesn’t even move why would I tie up $800 in that
Positions or David BANner
YOLO'D on SOLO AT OPEN 🤑🤑🤑
PLTR 0DTES 16cs...?
Get in Nio?
Fucking Christ Elon this is a slippery slope, just don't start tweeting about lizardmen taking over the government please
Actually yes
No one here can afford a car - shit don’t matter
NIO puts started the day -$50, after nothing but positive price action puts are at -$20.

You literally have to be water brained to lose money on nio
Fuck you autistic retards I bought SOLO
 youre welcome =] enjoy
Market rotation into NIO oh my fucking god. 11million volume on first candle and rising
SOLO up 50%. Am i too late to fomo into some shares at least?
I’ve decided to just buy NIO over the next few months. I’ve made a ton on it so far.  I cant lose this way.
Went from down 20% all time to down 80% in a week. I love this shit.
Yessir. Bought 500 at 20
Solo is going to moon, don't miss out 🙏
No, retard, no.
Unity gang
You'll be fine.  I would have waited as I think it's gonna go down short term, long term outlook is great.
Yeah I lost $400 in the last dip, missed getting back in. Real new to this but fuck me, tough to swallow
This be the top......
Citron says Nio going back to $25.
It is what it iz
these are the new trading floors
piss on it and make a wall while its juicy
If you're trying to be a millionaire. Sell your NIO and go SOLO rn
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Yung Bans - Ridin ft. YBN Na](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzRYp8ncIZY) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzRYp8ncIZY)⠀►►⠀ 2:56 / 4:25 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
AAPL actually has osteoporosis this week
“PLTR bulls r fuk” 😂
Fuck everything I said yesterday. I exited all of my NIO positions (except for the PUT).

&#x200B;

There is no way in hell this isn't a bubble.
Just so you guys know kndi and ttm are both evs that are still cheap.
Boooring, unless you are NIO freak
printer goes PLTrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Is anyone playing fcel, bloom energy etc for the upcoming hydrogen boom?
It’s called a meme..hop on for the ride my boy
Lets go $U. Unity ripping today!
That’s weird, I just got XPEV calls
Buy more
[deleted]
Looks very top heavy right now, seems like it'll sell throughout the session
Literally the same move I just made
[removed]
Did you sell at open?  Or are you watching this continue to climb and climb, saying "Okay okay, let me wait until noon or so and make sure this doesn't just completely blow up"

Regardless, good on ya mate, cheers!
I know 2 very healthy < 45s that have passed from it. So I could  believe that a good chunk of that 3000 were healthy.
Scalped a quick 100 on nio in 5 min. I’ll take it and I’ll be out
SOLO GOING TO $20 IN A MONTH
> $NIO shares heading back to $25, Citron Research says
SOLO saving me from my losses yesterday. Got 1k shares and bought 10 calls
Tesla stuck at 412 yesterday, will be stuck at 410 today. Fucking boomer stock now. I’m out
Gotta love Apple dragging down Tech
where did you guys start hearing about solo first
China is a communist country that tolerates no discontent.  Look at Jack Ma and the ANT IPO.
ALEXA PLAY RIDIN' SOLO BY JASON DERULO
RKT BIG DICK ENERGY 🍆
It's been taking off all week
Chinese company, that is all
TSLA needs to pick a direction ffs
Waiting for 15.50
Solo is low float so big uppies are possible.
Dive back in, the water is great!

We’re here till next Tuesday
Guess who has two dicks and sold solo too early?
when BABA stonk drops 0.01%, Jack Ma loses more money than you will ever make in your lifetime.
Sold my LI at the dip and rolled over nearly all profits into 1 NIO 68c 12/4 and going to just let it ride for the rest of the month.

Also picked up a FSR 11/20 20c for .65 . Hoping it gets ITM by eod or Monday to sell for 2.50+ . So far good.
EV mania by Biden just amazing
Pro tip smooth brains. Citron has calls.
[deleted]
300k of revenues...
But when is the question? I’m willing to buy some lottos at $25 for the possibility it falls. Then ride it back up again.
Just FOMO'd into SOLO.. wtf is this
You can start by letting those friday options expire
Why are calls cheaper today? December FB calls down even though price is a $1 more than yesterday?
PRPL bouncing nicely off the 50 day MA area - looking bullish
1.25
take the pdt if the gains are worth it
Bought puts and calls right at open. Puts are up 15%, calls up 45%. Don't short em, play em!
Pump solo to the mooon guys
Screw you AAPL. Oh wait, it screwed me.
SOLO's the buy bros
肏你妈 is the local favorite.
Wait for IV to go down. Directionally you're right, but at what price?
[deleted]
Sir your about to buy your lambo
Heart break? Look at the bright side, you wont have a wife that gets a boyfriend.
Bear case : literally everything

Bull case : retard strength
I fucking love EVs. Might buy one now
I never say "mooning" but SOLO is legit fucking mooning right now...
NIO for spy ceo
[deleted]
SOLO TO THE MOON
RKT liftoff!🚀
NIO going to hit 90 million volume before 10:00 lol
AMD spazzing like usual
That was a long time ago
Overbought and oversold
Ladies and gentlemen fasten your seatbelts NIO is about to take off
Lol
Last time I did that, my friends account tripled with tesla while I only made 50%...
Just bought DIS call LEAPs, how fucked am I?
Wanted to hop into SOLO but it was up 30%...

So I wait for a dip to now see up 50% 

Fuuuuck
feel like i still havent woken up and this is the best dream ever $$$
POLA calls now
Hold for next week
Solo cars is literally so ugly tho
SOLO printing.
Lol
ODTE NIO CALLS thats were its at
Almost 2,000x on my NIO 50/60 spreads i got for .18
Do it many times and pack the ashes into brick.  I bought NIO yesterday so... based on what happens to stocks when I buy them... you know what to do
Why the hell is ZM down today? Literally everything is going on lockdown
SOLO calls cheap rn too
Fucking hell. BABA is just going to sit there and bleed out my calls isn't it?
Yea man a little sus
[deleted]
SOLO WITH US!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Doubled down at the dip this morning
NIO is the way.
I FOMO'd into a NIO call yesterday and sold in the afternoon for +20%. It's at +400% now. Kill me.
Dont worry will be going down soon
SOLOOOO
SOLO IS THE CANADIAN NIO - LETS DUCKING GO
Up 10% in 5 minutes
Sold a bunch of 11/20 $3.5c solo a few weeks ago for 100% gain....
I made money for the first time in NIO today, feels so good! I'm gonna buy back in if it dips again like it did on Tuesday.
After nio hits $60 we move to fisker ?
Oh my god solo
china number 1
President Xi personally cock blocked Jack Ma. I would laugh, but I'm too busy crying in my destroyed BABA calls.
It’s not
SOLO 🚀
NIO go up or down after earnings?
Citron Research cautious on Nio (NIO), "Citron Pulls the Plug on NIO – 2 Years After Our Controversial Recommendation"; PT USD 25 (currently trades at USD 51.40)
Ok lets start pumping USA EV. 

RIDE and HYLION need love too.
I was just looking at that lol
ghetto spread
Can I fuck your girl
Holy shit...solo....fuck
Lets ride on solo
Rkt 🚀pls
We're consolidating above the downward trend line from the past couple of days.   Looks like a good entry to go long. Stop loss around 355.  .
Is it time to sell my NIO calls?
NIO 50c, 60c 1/15 hold through earnings??
400% IV 👀
[deleted]
[removed]
PDD up another 10% today

What is this retarded market
HOLY FUCK SOLO
I would sell but that's cuz I'm old and fat
[deleted]
Move it tdoc, covid still a little relevant
Im here to confess my sins...  


1. Sorry for doubting NIO 
2. Sorry for Buying Puts and calling you guys retardz 
3. Sorry for buying into GYNA EV calls right now and causing what's about to happen....
[deleted]
Deleted WeBull, Robinhood, and soon Reddit. If SPY doesn’t hit 348 today, I may never be back.. GG brothers
[deleted]
XPENG
ZM not printing.... yet ;)
Alright I’m done, sold my fsly calls and fsr calls at open and then scalped 0day fsly after the opening dip back up to 80. I’m taking the rest of the day off, no sense in losing anything back, I literally just made my account positive for the first time in a year and a half. I’m so excited 😆
Transitioning from NIO to SOLO. The euphoria is real.
yolo'd on SOLO
How is NIO'S market cap justified?
Damn what's going on with Farfetch
Just read 100 comments and 98 are about NIO. Puts on monday
NIO FOMO TRAIN 

FML
Just jumped into SOLO 5 minutes ago, up 10% already. Don't listen to me, I'm autistic
that 15 pltr wall broken, we going to 16 today
It’s already 15% of my portfolio haha
Damn bro, I lost my c positions and lost on a damn put
No shit I take it back 60 baabyyy
lmao NIOs volume is crazy rn
bought some 0dte on that mini dip
Idk if anyone still plays PCG but that shit is the best hedge to SPY I’ve ever seen
[deleted]
And there goes SOLO, see you at the moon
Bought solo calls at open, up 300% but don’t have any day trades. Advice?
whyd it jump up
[deleted]
[deleted]
There are many sunrun bulls trying to accumulate share at 50-55 range. It always pops like 5% every only for people who bought at 70 to sell. I think this shit is gonna pop very soon
FUV
[removed]
Hold
Solo up almost 50%
Lol at the jealous scaremongering 🌈 🐻
Greed is me looking at a LI call up 700% right now and saying, "No, it can go higher."
NIO...it's one hell of a drug.
It's going to run up until Tuesday at 3
Tesla produces over 400,000 cars a year at it's current stock price. With over $2,000 per share Tesla is valued at just over 400 billion market cap. The main reason why investors like Tesla is due to it's full self driving potential, whether Nio/Xpeng can achieve the same feat is up for debate.
FAANG is all flat to down and yet market is up. Creepy.
Holy shit!
https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Thanks!
Pltr
Plmr gonna go back up?
Are the Q's gonna take off today, or will i be bagholding over the weekend
[removed]
Same
BRO FR
What were your positions my man
Rotation into SOLO
Can someone please help me figure out how to value an electric vehicle builder?
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/domestic-market-operations/monetary-policy-implementation/repo-reverse-repo-agreements/repurchase-agreement-operational-details?fbclid=IwAR34LFp4xh-VXH3hA2GtTva6or1gyXYCYtG7FGP7MVHU0v9fdmDMs3nnaJw
The markets been open for 22 minutes
Up 23% on NIO, 7% on TUP, 9% on CRNC, 7% on SPY. Sell or Hold?
[deleted]
With NIO?
Sometimes you’ve gotta land on the moon before traversing the stars. Cya in interstellar my brother
Did the same with my 11/20 40C before close yesterday. Ugh. But yeah man.
NIO may close over 55 today
Man I swear I always get cucked by apple
Jump on to SOLO now or be forever damned.
If you guys think you can short hundreds of millions of retards FOMOing into Chinese EV, you must hate money
Are you retarded? Use your head abs THINK why they would say this lol.
SOLO about to be one of these stocks ending with 300%?
I do. They're short sellers but iirc their reports do move stocks.
I thought you assholes said SOLO was a shit stock? Missed a 10 bagger smh
Got $800 what’s my play
BABA 420C June
there's no volume at spy 356 wtf they doin
RIDING SOLO BOYS!
all valid points, I don't disagree with any of it. I'm not necessarily long DKNG, but I own a ton of BETZ shares, just saying its interesting to see them go this route. Of course, other players like CZR & William Hill already have the name recognition and the customer data. All these companies will be fine in the long run
I get what you’re saying lol but there’s 300 million people here so 100k+ a day doesn’t really make a dent
[removed]
Ok I bought nio calls, top is in
[inb4 "I FOMO'd my life savings into NIO at the top"](https://tenor.com/7kAa.gif)

I hate to go against stocks that become a meme but this can't last. Some people are really going to get burned on this one if they're not careful.
i see TSLAQ has moved to NIOQ to stay relevant.
and what exactly is the top, chief
[deleted]
SOLO at open was the move.
Told you bitches RKT, hope you bought that dip
JKS again jesus christ my heart cant keep doing this
Ridin' Biden gonna pump EV and free all the trade. Would I buy a weekly? Fuck naw. Would I buy a LEAP? Yessir.
Wtf i asked for citron on nio and they delivered like 2 minutes later lol
These first 20 minutes are a Day-traders wet dream on NIO.  God, I miss having money.
is this sector rotation again? goddamn IWM
SOLO. The hype never ends.
Seems like we’re getting ideal conditions for ZM and PTON to thrive and they dump. Wack
Drill Kings doing what it does best at open
NIO 55 EOD?
Eod dump
Who are you so wise in the ways of sensible? You dont belong here! that being said its nice to see people with brains and a steady train of thought still lurk in this sub.im definitely cashing out after earnings next week, I REALLY wanted to hold through till nio day,but battery day from tesla got me scared of holding till the last catalyst
Sold 11/20 55c at 43 ?XD
I’m rooting for yah brother
Solo 28% yesterday up 40% today 😂
Solo volume crazy for share price
Anyone else loading up on cruise line puts?
Not sure if you can buy at all. Mine is on sell only
Are we still a Chinese EV subreddit?
SOLO about to make that XPEV jump
Thank Biden for the EV pump
I'm jealous of you guys in nio.im in too but most of you are in more
UEEEET
$PLTR is one of those companies that in 10 years you'll see an article, "If you had invested $10,000 in Palantir's IPO this is how much money...."
SOLO 🚀🚀
NIO stuck
This was the best quote of the show. Im thirty now and i look back at all the reckless shit, holy what a good time it was being 18-27.
Holy shit SOLO you and your ugly ass cars about to make me rich
Bro holy shit
Why is tim apple upset ?
Don’t feel bad, I doubled down on my account because I’m bad at this game
LOL I can't believe this hasn't been upvoted to the top comment.
I just checked out their website and products...How the fuck is that stock going up?
SOLO on the Millennium Falcon to Tatooine
Break that $40 LI you can do it
Holy shit, Nio calls?
SOLO
SOLO really do be free momey though
Probably right, until then , ER RUN UP BABY
Take out half and keep going
SOLO TO $10 WOOO
[removed]
I know that feel, yo.
This is the way
PLTR not going to hold bois. Might as well jump out now before it takes a 15% haircut. You can always get back in later
[deleted]
Anyone buying long term puts?
They just want you to sell so they can buy more at a lower price
AAPL is toxic, I lost so much money there since the split, forget that shit bro, boomer stock now
You think XEV will catch up to NIO?
Panic sold my NIO 55c expiring today. But profit is profit homies
PDD is sucking BABA's blood right now
It’s down because Cisco (Webex) is up. It will rebound as soon as Cisco goes back in the toilet.
Resistance at 53? Bye
IV way cheaper than NIO and others
BUY SOLO
If you're a billionaire can't you just keep pumping yourself with antibodies?
NIO averaging 1million+ shares per minute, IS THIS REAL LIFE???
CCL volume is crazy, i know we are all on the EV train but you know....
I love you so much nio
It really *really* loves that 14.98-15.01 price range rn
[deleted]
Okay retards. You have heard NIO, but not NIU. The new meme
Pls give us a good entry now NIO wtf
SOLO to da moon!
what does everyone think about the rising case counts? Are we still doing the bad-news-is-good-news thing?
IV is so high in NIO I’m not even touching it... not chasing that shit
You really don’t know what that means do you?
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327261369385758720?s=20 

>NIO shares heading back to $25, Citron Research says
I’m not even old enough to buy wine
Hope unity moons
If you're on robinhood, you might wanna let go a bit earlier cause fills are janky sometimes
Baba will finish green today
Yep
YOLO on SOLO else you get FOMO, ya know?
You still still do options, just can’t sell till the next day
[deleted]
Nio IV is insane lol
Why is TDOC getting humped into the dirt? Wtf lockdowns are good for you retard
HOLY FUCK JUST DROP ALREADY.
We don’t care because even the dumbest of us have had time to make thousands and thousands of dollars. We’ll stop shilling NIO when NIO stops being NIO
Wait for AAPL to hit sub 117 and then buy back in. This thing has been range locked forever.
KEEP ROLLIN’ ROLLIN’ ROLLIN’
I just got in and regret not doing so sooner
NIO 60 EOD?
lol i want it to go to 50 so i can buuy
Goddamn PTON off a cliff
Based, enjoy the weekend
So you can't afford that Lamborghini Hurrican you've always wanted.

Don't worry, you can still comfortably get a Toyota Aygo and still have enough money left over for a few happy meals.
Dropping? All I see is 🚀 🚀 🚀
I have to be the worst gambler/trader in the world since September.... Like I can't even luck into a win..😔 😔 😡
SOLO making moves too..
Yes
brrrrrrrrrrrr
Hate to break it to you
NIO please stay below $55 today. I have a $55 covered call expiring today and I don't want to lose my shares
Out of NIO calls.  Good luck bros.  I needed to recoup some of my losses from my recent foray into findom
Solo will go crazy this coming month everyone
Man I wish I would bought NIU last week! This electric scooter company is 🚀🚀🚀🚀 today
When will it bounce back ??????
Oh you’ll get it
I have an abusive relationship with BABA
you can actually get OK wine in boxes these days.
Did Tim aapl release a sex tape or something wtf
[deleted]
Citron Research can polish my left nut
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327261369385758720?s=19
VXX down, dicks up
Doesn't higher cases per day mean the virus is going to end sooner?
for YOLO.
Nio chicken tendies secured
Spy breaking 356
it will most likely be worthless who is going to buy it
SOLO plays?
Implications?
is this a rotation day
Sold a bigc 75p when it was 79. Now its 67 from a public offering. Fuuuuuck
V shape recovery every ducking time. When will you paper hands learn?
im balls deep in my hand rn
APPL.... been very, very disappointing..
Where do you see this?
We are drilling!! Friday the 13th Jason wants you to bleed slowly!! 💔
Kandi, it's like 🌈 NIO
NIO singlehandedly paying off my student loans.
anyone can think they can improve anything. that's not why he's talked about every day on here tho. it's because there's this impression that he is a demi-god and has a thorough understanding of everything there is to life
Idk man looks like it's stalling out
Does anybody's Investing money not show correctly on RH? I have 34k in it but it only shows 19k since today.
If I get banned from day trading on RH, I can use the longer term stock buy/sell thing as usual, right?
oh fuck it rejected 145
Damn Tesla is dumping
I might have sold my DIS puts to early, but there isnt a world where I dont sell at open today. And im up like $330  already anyway, so im not that torn up about it.
When should someone sell their Nio? Now? Never?
Somebody get Tim 🍏 on the phone
Netflix and Tesla you’re going the wrong way!!
doesnt matter, itll reach it

Edit: fuck, -15% in one hour, time to buy more
SOLO IS FREE MONEY
BABA
BABA you fucking piece of shit ... Go up stupid
RIP
Sweet White Baby Jesus in The Sky, 

Please cuck the commie bears raving "fundamentals" one by one until they all starve out to extinction in the greatest December short squeeze of all time.  And may the international commercial bank cartel Bless us and keep us.

Amen.
What time is this nio dip? I heard some analysts say it’s going back to 25 🤡
[deleted]
SOLO making me rich too
Nio bears, you guys ok? Dont short this company you will lose lol
So you’re complaining about leaving one EV trade to early, but planning to do the same thing on your next EV trade?
ZM 500c for next Friday. Theta is insane. Retarded or do you think it will make money?
Blockbuster
Do you think that failure was related to timing or purely bad management?
Oh my gosh
Spoiler alert

>!up!<
Exp
INTC Jan 2022 50c 

Should have sold during earnings run up. Maybe they'll be enough hope in the air next earnings run up for me to unload my bags
pussy. hands
Assuming stonk go up...what’s the latest in the day you would sell an expiring call? 3:59pm?
theres no way the government is ok with all these people profiting off of chinese EV's

I mean im in tendie town for sure but how TF are these EV's having greater than +38% weeks back to back? 

WTF is gonna happen tuesday after NIO ER? +50%? 

&#x200B;

ive never been so happy yet terrified in my life
If it holds above 52, then it’ll most certainly make a serious run to 58-61
Nio please. Just wait. Please
PALANTARDS! I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me! A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship. But it is not this day. An hour of wolves and shattered shields when the age of Men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! To the moon!
Citron does this shit all the time ignore them
Annnnd its gone.
Today is the day of reckoning for nio
Just remember to invest the money you're comfortable with. Chinese stocks could go to the moon, but can also fall off a cliff if they lied on their earnings report. Throughout 2019 everyone was thinking Luckin Coffee would be the "Next" starbucks and FOMO kicked in, then the report came out about them lying about their earnings and their stock literally lost 85% overnight. Sure NIO AND XPENG could be the next Tesla of China, but it's almost impossible to know if their earnings are 100% real. I'm just watching from the sidelines and see how far these Chinese EV can go...or Fall. Ford, GM, Toyota must be confused and jealous as hell.
TSLA of all things is holding me back from being green across the board
So I bought a NIO put. It's value went up +10% cause of the volatility. So... that's a win I guess
CANADIAN NIO FOR THE WIN (SOLO)
Apple dumping but spy going up????
I am buying NIO puts based on so many of you guys shilling it.
Man, im playing this game called how long do I hold this huge amount of NIO shares for before it becomes dangerous to hold them
🌈 🐻
I will be fucking rich too. If not lets eat rich
Damn SOLO
Why is SOL making waves?
Please don't hit my stop loss NIO keep pumping
LI volume today is 300% daily average of the last 5 days 

Load up calls
Looks like the elio motors vehicle that never was produced.
[deleted]
Just curious, how old are you?
Fuck I market sold 1000 shares of li instead of 100 lol whatever I’ll take 5k to start my day
Don't forget the new FSR. They going to explode up like Nikola did.  Listed through SPAC, selling EV trucks, may or may not be gravity powered.

100% diversified in EV memestocks
Tesla does it: Meme stonk lol Daddy Musk!

Nio does it: fUnDamEntALs
Fucking SOLO you beautiful girl
Yessir
Absolutely
Can the retard collective here spam FSR??? 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
BEND THE FUCKING KNEE JOHN SNOW
What we buyin boys
I’ll send my girlfriends wife’s boyfriend to come touch your dick with his mouth if it does!
 **Citron told investors to buy** [**$NIO**](https://twitter.com/search?q=%24NIO&src=cashtag_click) **at $7 - 2 years ago this month.  Congrats to all but at these levels... nothing but traders.  The aggressive Tesla Model Y pricing should put** [**$NIO**](https://twitter.com/search?q=%24NIO&src=cashtag_click) **back at consensus $25 price tgt when the sugar high wears off.  Even Nomi would tell you that.** 

\- Citron dumping NIO
EV gang is getting a blow job by their wives' bfs tonight
It’s gonna rip like LI and XPEV
TSLA is red 🤣
We haven't picked any direction yet
Lol false
BABA will prevail
My autocorrect is has a personal relationship with Jesus but is skeptical of the chinese gov
Free fucking money on BABA 11/20 calls. like wtf. 275/280 spreads. VXX 22 call hedges. need to turn this 2k back to 100k. bring it on.
Only bought one i know I’ll regret it in a week
26% up today. Give me free money. Next nio
when were u wen SPY volume was kill?
I don’t even know anything about the company but I’m sold. Looking at Jan 2022 $20 calls
Yeah well I'm going long term lol. Boomer activity. I do hope you do well though and you make fat $$$$.
12pm 🍑 court ruling in MI, come back then
[deleted]
1/21/22's are the way
[deleted]
NIO 57 EOD...
Lmfao glad im not short any chinese companies right now

literally everything chinese is blood green on my watchlist except BABA cuz ppl r dum)

fucking PDD is up 10% lol
[removed]
[https://i.ibb.co/HqKFdVM/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/HqKFdVM/image.png)

Record-breaking CCL dark pool share print just in.

4x as large as the 2nd largest ever.

10,000,000 shares at $15.00 for $150,000,000.
Can’t blame her. Probably bored with her other boyfriend winning all the time.
My man
The money I made on NIO is still somehow less than the money I lost on AAPL. Amazing.
Solo goin brazy😳
Too early an entry or too early exp?
My PLTR calls are up 5% lmao
Literally begging for a nio dip rn
Hey the 1DTE NIO call hack worked. Thanks.
just need to TQQQ to fly by 145
Then get them to sign up for Robinhood and use your referral link. Sell those shares and try again.
RIP Elon
How did you lose money on aapl?  It has been easy money!
SOLO: A WSB STORY
Thats bc she eats a lot of elk meat.
I don't see the benefit in holding TSLA shares anymore. It's boomer certified. $1 trillion market cap impossible
i hate when it becomes so expensive. i’m new to it but, does it become expensive because it’s doing well right now? or because a lot of people are buying calls
[Might not help Musky](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b4/f1/a5/b4f1a5f8459e822ce2410a333a412853.jpg)
Hang on to my nio 55c 1/15/21, or dump it today for 40%
[deleted]
yeah VXRT, keep coming down. Straight to tendie town!
LOL BEARS ACTUALLY THOUGHT WE WERE GONNA DUMP
ARKG making me happy
Jst got in pre marker. Solo 🚀🚀
I’m just pissed I missed out on NIO, was taking a break from options and this happens! Haha oh well no need to jump into anything and give money away.
macd doesn't agree although RSI does. Personally, I usually trust the former and pay little attention to the latter.
Dont you think the current anti trust regulatory policies and crackdown by chinese govt. wont have any longer term impact?
r u a boomer
solo leaps are free tendies
$NIO shares heading back to $25, Citron Research says

Interesting
Exactly, who knows when that is and what that will do.
Buy the zoom dip smooth brains, it's going to touch 450 today
Citron🍋 saying NIO PT $25
Death by BABA. Just bend the knee Jack Ma. Please
[deleted]
c'mon NVAX move it up
That's not very bullish of Bullard.
Reports of my PLTR calls demise seem to have been greatly exaggerated.
Sold Li and Nio calls for 3k gains today not bad i guess
Once it breaks resistance at 15 it'll moon to 16 or 17
Pumping on no volume. Volume only @ 4M
This printed
Bruh you don't see a difference between a stupid online matress company, the last retail game boy store, and the Chinese Elon?

Sure wsb loves to pump, and often ends in a dump, but the ticker matters.
Did you make profit? If yes then sell
Keys to success:

1. Create company

2. Put EV somewhere in the description of your company

3. Invite friends and family to work at your company so that Employee count is higher than 1

4. Profit.
Way to early
You got lucky this time.  Still might sell off.  I got 11/20 puts too
Aapl come on man
It has earnings on Tuesday.
Plus expansion in Cali right??
Cant exercise options bought same day on RH.  Lame.
Sometimes?
why wont nio stop
55-60 because big correction IMO
NIO might repeat with NKLA did that day where it shot like crazy at this point who knows.
I'm waiting on a TSLA pump to get out myself. I think one of the gina EV companies is the better option right now
Not comfortable with nio jumping up so much

Sold my 50c leaps for 47% gains
“NIO shares heading back to $25 citron says”
This is the fucking nio dip. If you hate money don’t buy
As a degenerate CFD trader im not touching this shit for an hour
These FSR calls printing tendies idk you aren’t in yet
SOLO just made me a 10 bagger
Should’ve sold more PLTR condors that worked out perfectly
Me too.. but im hoping to be out a hot sec inb4 moderna news u know?
Is MRNA going to announce today?
Agreed, whether or not it squeezes, the short thesis of them going bankrupt anytime soon is dead. 

With the console cycle leading their next earnings to insane profits and a competent exec team restructuring the company this is definitely going to net you some tendies regardless of a squeeze. 

As he said there's a lot of manipulation keeping it lower than usual but this will most likely be the bottom for at least the next 5-6 months with the possibility of going to the moon.
And we haven’t even gotten to thanksgiving or the holidays yet
Is this where you go all in nio
SPY - not a COVID surge in sight, just positive Friday vibes.

Alexa, play good vibrations by Marky Mark
Black Tar Heroine
NTES calls printing rn
We are going to dump
Every day pumping from EU to see US dump. Just, fuck off,
Yes, yes it is. You motherfuckers. As soon as thr market settles today Im in.
11/27 BABA 300c

It’s found support at the 263-265 range
Bet you would've shorted Amazon because they never turned a profit. Retard.
Bought back the CCs for a $10 loss and sold all @ 44.44. Fearful I was gonna lose these gains lol
Buy the dip on ZM ! Chicago announced stay at home orders.. incoming for other cities soon!
Low volume, opening a lil green, could be shorts covering for next leg down......or could be consolidation for rebound
>St Louis Fed President Bullard: Economy Has Recovered Much Faster Than Expected; Sees Room For 'Substantial' Declines In Unemployment

This why stonks stopped mooning. When economy good, stocks not go up. When bad, stonks go up bigly
what leaps and long dated calls are yall holding?  need some recommendations from you expert futture hedge fund managers
Thanks
No shit lmao
Only if you like money.
[deleted]
You should be praying haha. Load up
I'm in solo
I’m hoping next week but I think prob eom best case scenario unless mass lockdown comes over the weekend
Congrats to Nio call holders!! 🤑
PLTR 💋
so this is what it was like riding the tesla wave 6 months ago.  Based GYNA EVs.
[deleted]
just opened ZM at $420.69
Unity baby, show em
Let’s say by EOY
Kill me I am so fucking shit at this game.
Can’t wait to roll these insane FSR gains into dumbass TSLA FDs and lose them all
ban. We all know Lindsay is a man
What’s that
Well I missed my $5,000 opportunity on nio what should I get into now
> Jack ma... Developing..

You mean CCP developing.
ZM stuck at 420

Wtf is this, TSLA?
Support at 14 was real!
KNDI is
Grwg
Can’t sell your house to buy Nio calls if you don’t have a house though😢
Don’t sell NIO that’s what’s causing the dip
just wondering, is there a site that will show snapshots of revenue and revenue growth of companies without having to go to EDGAR and SEDAR for everything?
BABA wtf
Everyone got faked out by nio
They already failed once
[deleted]
PLTR so cursed lol
NIO 55 eod please babe
[deleted]
same haha
GRWG
next week
did i just buy li at the top
Holy shit 100% return on NIO calls bought at bell then sold 10 minutes later
I mean...it's not like they just had their best day in the history of the god damn company's existence or anything.
🥲
stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy 

NYC SEVEN-DAY AVERAGE POSITIVITY CLIMBS TO 2.83% FROM 2.68%

SEVEN-DAY POSITIVITY OF 3% WOULD TRIGGER SCHOOL SHUTDOWN

stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy stimmy
I will fight anyone who sells at before close.
Actually about 52k Americans age 18-34 have died this year total. Traffic accidents are not near the top.
Too late 🥴
Solo solo?
thats how u know its on crack. a dip to its opening price 10 mins ago😂
House money so 56 call why not
Low tier EV stock. Basically golf carts
[deleted]
Me holding my continiously flat stonk and red Feb 2021 $TSLA calls especialy after I sold $NIO 39c Nov calls at a loss. This is making me REEEE. No point in FOMO since I missed the wuhan EV train (for now). Fuck me with a rubber hose. Spacex launch this weekend with NASA so hopefully TSLA gets a nice bump so I can get out.
got some pltr and xpev jan calls, should I just close my app and come back next week to save some stress?
SOLO is NIO 2.0!!!!

Heard it here first
I've heared that the russell has been ripping lately
YOOO SOLO LEAPS ARE CRAZY CHEAP RN
[deleted]
MODS = GODS
you capitalized Christ but not the tickers?
Extremely overpriced but that never stopped the stock market
Certainly the question is when it pops
Thanks Criton
BABA is dead thanks Jack
take your fucking profits man, regretting that you didnt get max gains is way better than seeing red
what positions??
looking for something not NIO... no offense but its already burnt me. I'm happy for yall though. Picture the baby yoda tea meme. thats me watching NIO go up for you guys. 

Open to suggestions
Well thats happening this weekend
[deleted]
Here come palantir baby
FSR FSR FSR
well damn, now that you put it that way...
AAPL is gaping me

My December calls are totally fucked
Jeffrey Toobin?
Great an "adult". Whats this "Adult" ever accomplished in 48 years in politics?
Get it
Just bought the nip dip
NIO dipped because of me! You're welcome put buyers
[removed]
Nothing to stop PLTR now that earnings are out of the way 🚀🌝
Live and learn 🙃
Nio got that bear trap
Wtf aapl is it done?
Diamond Dallas Palantir
Me as well 💪 good luck!
Fuck I wish I didn't lose so much of my money on vale and aapl back in september I should've put more into NIO
Solo gang plz report. Its still at $6
If BABA hits 260, throwing 5k at 2/21
I wouldn't do it if I was you.
F
AAPL....what the hell are you doing?
BUY THE DIP PUSSY
Good riddance biatch
FUCK CITRON SHORT ON NIO
The correct answer to that is "no one gives a fuck about manlets"
[deleted]
[deleted]
I sold all mine too a couple days ago like a big idiot smh
Henrik Fisker > Elon Musk 


*fight me Tesla fanboys*
tingling with excitement
Ah Christ li and xpev I missed it or fomo?
LOL dip to opening price? And people are calling it a dip. it just opened 10 mins ago
I admit that and moving on with puts
MRVL my new best friend
Told y’all to buy SLV calls 😬
in $300 into KNDI gonna hold for a week or two. Got out of like 1/4 of my ZM shares at 426 from 390
RIDE and HYLION
PLTR MOOON
Apple a good example of what spy is about to do
0DTE fsly anyone or no balls?
When will zoom reach 500
PLTR bull gang incoming 💯
ok that was the actual dip, bought it
Could always be worse, I wish the dumb fuck led with I’m usually wrong. But here I am, lol
no one can tell me this isn’t a bubble when the biggest movers today are obscure money losing Chinese EV stocks with $70B market caps, a money losing sports betting app, and $200B money losing Chinese Groupon
Why the fuck does DKNG always sell the fuck off at open
Oh man. Got out of AMZN. Done with it. Ended the week up 4700 on it
PLTR was just shakin out those weak hands!
I know your thoughts on Li, XPEV and NIO... What are your thoughts on FSR?
I sold mine for 700% gain bought yesterday and some poor bastard bought them and immediately like 80% probably
Fuck me for selling my NIO calls yesterday. FUCKKKKKK MEEEEEE
> JD

Yeah I sold half because earnings is always a gamble, gonna let the others ride because the EXP is in December
[deleted]
baba u fucking cow, move!!! MOOO!!
very
Sell TUP now or hold?
This is good content
Unlike Chinese EVs they don’t yet have a product, not until 2022 at least. I’m getting a bit nervous here. It’s hitting ATH levels on no news
this game is back on easy mode
its going to blast off and all the bears will go extinct. amen.
Small caps are on a tear today.
You guys should be looking at KNDI. The next NIO, LI, and XPENG, and down from recent highs due to dilution.

3/19 10C
Diversify
sounds fishy....hahah see how i did that
There was your dip, idiots. Hop in.
Bruh what’s on your watchlist?
The power of meme stock
Bear trap on NIO 🤣
Huge moat. Licensing their intellectual property was their original business
NIHHNNNNNNNNNNNGGGG
Can someone tell me why tf I sold my NIO weeklies yesterday and bought ZM calls?
Sigh. Another rkt bleed out at open.
NIO 0DTE rolled out into 11/27 52c. 

60 EOD boys.
Edited my post.
Yes
That sentiment could be applied to the entire market
fake ass mini dump lol who is gonna believe that NIO isn't gonna shine like LI and XPEV for its earnings next week?
Nio puts for the weekend sell off 🤞
SQ is such a troll stock lol
Edited my post.
This is the way of the morning EV dip
Planning on buying 10 UVXY 1/15/21 $50 calls @.9 Could these be the 10 bagger I’ve always dreamed of ?
HD calls
Got stopped out, only lost $200.  Looks like paper hands are getting busy, though, might try again.
[deleted]
Purchased a $50c on a whim yesterday afternoon. Sold this morning and made more money than I will working all day. Pathetic.
ZM at 420 buy now
[deleted]
People were FOMO'ing hard at 43/share but were skeptical. The day after it rose 12%, and with the LI and XPEV Boom, i think the normies are starting to catch on. NIO isnt mainstream in the normie community yet, only amongst investors IMO.

This is why it can easily boom in the next few months..
That's what I'm leaning toward
Don’t buy NIO at the top!!
If you missed out on nio dips here’s another chance
technically yes, because cheaper
what a about SOLO! EV next NIO haha
Nope, edited my post.
Starving Marvin has entered the chat 🤣
I told you retards there would be a nio dip
I’m up 132% on MGI Calls for 11/20. Cash it in now or let this baby ride?
I was literally placing an order for NIO puts and it dumps... too slow!
Wish I had a girl show this much interest in my shorts
smfh I tried to short NIO at +10% and it just fizzled down to +6% in like 30 seconds
Literally every stock on my watch list is green? Y’all were talking ab some major crash due to covid last night? Damn y’all retarded
[deleted]
Lol so tru
I want to jump out of FSR so bad but the thing just keeps rising
BUY NIO
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327260349968551937?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327260349968551937?s=20)

> \*NYC SEVEN-DAY AVERAGE POSITIVITY CLIMBS TO 2.83% FROM 2.68%  
>  
> \*NYC SEVEN-DAY POSITIVITY OF 3% WOULD TRIGGER SCHOOL SHUTDOWN
PLTR going to 17 today
How’d that go
How classic are we talking here?
Can't lose if you never sell
5m ago
positions ?
And don't forget DKNG guys
5 baggers on my NIO FD’s. Sold for now probably pick up some 11/20 calls sometime today
he bought?
Should I buy PLTR?
No mask. Full lappy
So nice of you softbank thank you
TFW you fomo 0DTE OTM NIO calls and they STILL PRINT🤡🤡🤡
biggest NIO dip you will get today
Same..first time this shit has worked. The CCP EV dildo coming through
HYLN got a serious case of the kangas since bouncing off $20.
I am the saltiest dog on the planet right now cos I have 0 plays in nio and 40k in tesla stock lolol
Thank go’s my FVRR calls gains covering my BABA massacre
If Nio hits 48$ u know I’m buying more lmao
[deleted]
I went to bed up +450 I’m currently up +1300. I could cry
I guess spy is just going to waggle it’s dick between 351 and 357 for the next few days...very cool, very fair price. Not like there’s anything going on to cause markets to make big moves or anything. Nothing to see here. It’s fine. We’re good. Total stability and certainty, and incredible conditions for a booming economy
I dont know shit about investing and im still on this sub idk why
MM taking all those NIO 0dte premiums.
Just say you missed out and move on
@tvi feels like it’s about to break out. Hasn’t beaten the nasdaq in weeks and all of a sudden it’s been out performing. Shits about to melt up
Disney stop dropping they were great results
Hmmm,...trying to get more at $53
Drove past a 3 wheel car.........all in SOLO it is.
Is nio ded?
KNDI worth the stock?
BIGC worth buying calls?
🥴🥴🥴
PLTR rising from the dead!
yeah bois on it
So we holding Nio Calls?
Im just salty i hopped off NIO at close y'day
Buddy I was motorboating that ass . The pandemic took the night off. I'm not proud of myself but it is what it is at this point.
Didn't even get a chance to average down on PLTR lol
the stock market is a joke lets be real.
9:40 dip right on time!
[deleted]
Amzn <3
Gme 11/20 20c
Nio 55 EOD calling it now
DONT SELL NIO DURING THE 9:40 DUMP THATS WHAT MAKES THE DUMP HAPPEN
Options can be so fucking infuriating. JETS up over 2% and my calls are down today. God damn that's annoying. Same thing with XLF too.
$ICLN $30 today?
You all are ignoring DKNG with the user growth. Why?
Where my silver bulls at?
Jeez I’m getting hard just thinking about it
[deleted]
Cisco is such a boomer stock
Buy the BLNK dip boys
No but he’s the type of person to think he could improve it. Whether or not he really could.
Not happening. This shit will correct
How tf.. it’s only at 53
Zm calls why the hell not 🤷‍♂️
[removed]
These -100% losses are started to make WSB look soft...where are the people selling naked options losing more than they have?

LETS GET THESE NEGATIVE NUMBERS UP BOIS!!!
Nio is crazy.  There is just no way this keeps going.  I can't believe it hit 50. Pewwwwwwwww.  I want to see some gains
Meanwhile, my GME bull put spreads are doing fine.  Gains capped at 50%, but there is solid downside protection built in
[removed]
RH was on some BS at open though
was going to buy some 5c for 11/20 at close and my order didnt fill 🤡
How can anyone look at NIO and say, ‘yeah that’s perfectly normal’
Hold
Nice! Thanks man. 

I did however buy cigars. So that’s me cheating a little. 👀
Is this the top?
Good to see NIU finally riding up along with the other Ghyna EV plays.  It has a lot more room to run.
congrats to NIO bulls, but it gonna be red EOD, classic P&D
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TrueCryptoFan don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Who wants to be a big boy and pump KNDI today?
Is anyone still in GME or is it all NIO now?
Be careful bois: there is a lot of short interest in NIO...
[deleted]
FSR saving my account
American EV company. Got in last week
When to sell NIO?
Eron muk
Get a real broker
made a quick $150 on NIO. i'll take it. one thing i've learned is not to hang around in meme stonks for too long
Some how my NIO puts are up money today as the stock rises. 🤔
first candlestick on NIO is 11.5m volume holy fuck
Which ones
[deleted]
NIO stop loss at 51
[deleted]
I’m going to have so much money! As in 100 euros. Lol
How can I change the sub?
Nio is a black hole sucking up all the money.
You’d be retarded not to
NIOOOOOOO
Here comes the NIO dump
Nio is fucking insane
[deleted]
Solo 😍😍
did you guys even watch the matrix?
I swear aapl is shit
Anybody else miss the circuit breaker days of March ??
Tf is FSR? Another EV, let's goo
Nah just wait for it to go to 0 bro
Hope you sel
I just sold over half - which means we'll probably see a 50%+ day
The nio premiums 😩😩😩😩 wtf, missed opportunity, gg for those that got in
Anyone else’s RH all fucked up showing wrong amounts?
Nio is truly retarded
Are you guys going to be sad or extremely sad when Elon is fine in 2 weeks? Bullish on extremely sad.
PLTR 17 today
If he's here, he doesn't!
Lmk what people say
We are 2 weeks out from thanksgiving, people are going to get together in masses.  Lots of shutdowns and schools gonna be closing this weekend to try and prevent mass covid spread around thanksgiving.  Zoom Zoom.  ZM
Time to buy solo at the top
Sell retard wtf.
Makes sense. Thanks
FSR? I hardly know her
Is this real life
NIOOOO
SOLO LETS GO
This IS the Nio thread
Seems like the mortality rate is going down
But for a brief moment in time, you were a trading genius. 

Hold on to that.
Ah yes. RCL going up makes sense
I hope so. Balls deep in calls
Dump
Sell
[deleted]
Lot of sketch pump for it.
Wrong way BABA you worthless POS!
Nothing personal kid
Yesterday I got sick of feeling sorry for myself for selling way too early and I bought back in. Grabbed Feb $60/$65 calls. Already happy I did. Looks like it’s gonna do it way before February. Be retarded like me and jump in.
[removed]
same, jumped in when it was at 33 for 21-22 leaps and have made like 1100 from it so far from 350 lol
Good time for a nio report citron
People that talk about the joy of holding their own child in their arms have obviously never experienced Theta on their side
[deleted]
ITT: NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO
Made 800% on my 0dte 56c NIO sold all 6 contracts fuck yeah
[deleted]
its insane that the NIO dip was that it “only opened +5%”
Yeah me too... i just bought some GYNA Ev... I'm sad about it because the only way this can hurt more now is because i caved and i will probably lose money.
So, what is everyone's thoughts on NIO? Dump before earnings or hold?
Im up with nio 20%. Joined on tuesday... thats basically all you have to know to understand whats going on lol
NIO THE UNSTOPPABLE
[removed]
Why do some stocks--even popular ones--have basically zero volume in LEAPs? While others have a bunch?
Honestly mon-wed I was wondering wtf am I doing with my life. But yesterday and today... Damn I know wtf I'm doing man I'm winning some fucking tendies
Can't fight the EV trend man. Loaded up on solo calls and up 80% in 3mins, fucking insane, let's goooooo!
Probs try and find a peak today and sell?
If no moon, it won’t be as ugly
Same wtf
I'm impressed
As long as you gain, don’t be mad
This aged well :(
LI can’t hold 40 dammit
NIO, LI, XPEV just fckng amazing
[deleted]
WHO IS BUYING NIO HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE
So when will htzgq be receiving stimulus?
Ne-Yoooooooo
Nio deserves its own thread
So you’re a trust fund baby or what?
Play?
fsr calls!!!!   update 7.03p est.... you're welcome and you still have time!!!!   started buying calls last thu.... up 250%  sold off my dec position... bought more 2/19/2021...  this is not nkla and certainly not nio... they have technologies... and would make a terrific m&a target
[deleted]
How'd you do it?
PLTR just needed a software upgrade, it’s becoming more self aware
[deleted]
[removed]
Zoom.. wtf is that stock doing lmao?
Up 520% on Li calls and 180% on NIO calls. Sell or hold?
Why are people on LL now?
bought NIO calls at the bell 5 mins in im up 50%
I earn fucking 5k a day in this market magically
Today is Friday....
So buy puts?
Sleeper EV 

RIDE
>Will I be posting how I sold 100 shares at $50 if this stock ever hits ~~$100+~~ $1000+...?

Yes.
Sold the NIO calls I bought yesterday eod for 100%. Will put robinhood down for the day and get some work done. See you boys Monday
Do it pussy
Its gone up way too much. Might wait until next week for a dip
NIO has my portfolio up 50% and I am so excired
If you are using a test with high sensitivity/low accuracy it isn't that unlikely to get a result like this. If he does PCR, there is no way he will get results like this. So, his tweet is bullshit no news, and and guy as smart as him probably knows this and it consequence.
[removed]
I'm up £4000 on shares I bought two weeks ago...
congrats to the dude that was buying 500x NIO 60C @ 0.02 yesterday.  Just rode that lotto with a single call from 0.03 to 0.25.
Blowoff top
I put I limit sell just in case but imma need to update it soon
Buy a nio was enough
SOLO is the next NIO!!! Thanks for the tendies!
Please forgive me if this is a retarded question but why are some of you buying itm 10c LEAPS on PLTR when you expect it to moon to above 50 When you could just buy cheaper 25c?
It's been diagnosed with Helter Skelter syndrome, be nice
QuantumScape isn't even public yet. Do you mean you're just long as in planning to buy when they list, and overall very confident in their company and technology? Thank.
fomo’d into NIO with 0dte 50c and already up 40% holy shit
NIO was the first WSB play I've gotten in on in a while. Was quite late getting onboard and it was still quite profitable.
# is loading BABA leaps retarded at this price level ?
I’m so tired of not buying NIO
Nio skyrockets to 52 with absolutely no signs of stopping, there really is no stopping this train. I'm 100% FUCKED for the next month on cash thanks to this. Welp, I guess this is it. Don't have anything to invest on this huge leap, may as well watch and dream how much more I could of made off of Nio. Lesson to be learned retarded fuckos? 
Stonks only go up...
When do we get nio puts guys? Wait a little longer?
Sold nio at open ☹️
No nio dip. Wtf
VRYYF + NIO + XPEV + LI
Same lol
Same. Dont bear urself up over it
It's like 200 9/11s a year! Ban cars and ban travel further than you can get by horse. Also ban all electricity and technology after the 1800's 
Amish party 2024 providing solutions for the heathens.
Is this the next meme stock?
NIO 60c 11/20 yes or no?
Fingers Crossed
NIO literally wiped 30% of my AT losses overnight
oh my god NIO!
Buy the zoom dip smooth brains
[deleted]
Nio all time highs 😅
Famous last words
Wow this dude bought the dip
What's Lil Yachty been up to?
Sell some JD prior to earnings on Monday?
Noone talking about Big-LI
NIO WHAT THE FUCK. IM HARD
Is NIO real life?
Got out of nio, too scared, see you tomorrow when I FOMO in at 60$
Thank you mister!
SOLO
Got a nice 4 bagger on nio will probably get in on the next down day
Welcome to your daily Ameripoor dump.
PLTR 1/2022 30C, let em ride for 6 months :D
JFC JFC JFC 
EV mania over here
What the fuck is going on with Robinhood they don't show full account balance anymore?
DKNG HALLELUJAH
Itll probably go up even more with earnings on the way, just sell before earnings
Paper hands sold my nio calls this AM that we’re up 140%
Should have been listening to y’all, I’ll take my baby gains and fomo in again in a few hours
Why the fuck did I sel my $50 NIO calls yesterday
Where is my PLTR gang at let's go for 17 today!
You and me Bee
😊
Thank you man. Feels so good.
[deleted]
People taking profits lol
FSR and RKT guys
Thoughts on FSR? If they went bankrupt once, why should we believe they won’t again.
Damn I’ve lost so much money in the past 2 months I keep selling early and missing out on huge gains 😢
Yeah I know. All three are going to the moon.
Me, who sold cause I thought it was gonna dip then buy back in:🤡🤡🤡
260 is the bottom for BABA. Bought 300 calls for March.
solo the next meme stock
There is nothing better than getting a late night DM from an old high school acquaintance that you haven’t spoke to in years asking you if you’d like to increase your income stream through FOREX trading
Holy shit RH actually filled my call
Jesus Nio
AMAT skyrocketing
SOLO WOOOOOO
Told you cucks 0DTE on NIO 50c during the dip yesterday
want to buy long dated calls on PLTR, should I buy itm or otm? anyone know the difference? OTM profits more right?
At this Rate NIO should be in the 80's by next Friday.

[The Chart on NIO is insane.  Almost 2X in the last month](https://www.vhinny.com/display/NIO?ref=rdt-nio-0)
Thinking of unsubscribing, can't get this nio shill garbage off my homepage all week
NIO Genesis Evangelion
Doesn’t look like Chinese EVs are dipping
[deleted]
Do we wait till 10 to buy the dip?
I can’t find a good play
why
Baba has no support until $250. Watch out homies
Hope ur right on KNDI
doubled??? lol bud u have no idea
I don't understand BABA, their HK listing has clearly show that they're up and recovering but what about this one? I don't understand at all, not a bit.
Holy ducking shit.. i really hope NIO can keep this up
Up 214%, don’t give a fuck

💎👋🏻
going gay 348p for next Friday
[deleted]
You belong here
I will go awol in the army if this happens
SPY gonna be flat today?
[deleted]
AMD going limp
So should I just never sell my EV shares at this point? Because holy shit they're still going!
If the chinese government contracts Nio/Xpeng to produce electric vehicles for the chinese military then you could see sanctions on these companies. NIO and Xpeng does use chips and patents produced in democratic nations.
If you’re not on nio right now, you hate money
NIO SMASHING IT 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
>pltr

PLTR
If anything spy 400 today
3..2...1... lets fuck!
ffs NIO. calm the fuck down
Sleeper EV 

FSR
Get that BABA dip people!
Yes
[deleted]
All in on NEO
I know where chuck robins lives and I know his daughter
Wow I'm loaded to the tits with FD's for the first time and any ten cent change in SPY price sends my account flying up or down


How do you all do this
I will not be shaken out of my qqq calls, fuck u soros
that 20.7 mill volume opening candle on NIO lmao
Can someone explain why a stock can go from for example, +5% pre-market at 9:29am only to be +3% at 9:30am when market opens
Cisco 🤞🚀😅
GO NIO GO GO GO
MOOOON
EOD:  
NIO $60

KNDI $9  
LI $42  
XPEV $52
Wow, so BABA really is going bankrupt huh
E-Ron Mursk-aroo*
lol sold nio on mondays high and didn't get back in, think its worth getting back in if there is a dip or too late lol?
Someone needs to start up some Fisker memes so we can make some money.
[deleted]
I know chuck robins daughter
I did at open. Regret not close yesterday
Patience young one
PLTR will fight with resistance around 15 but it should moon if it breaks that today
NIOOOOOO
Because all the old heads can sense it coming
RKT
I just wanna shoutout all the weakhanded PLTR leap sellers this morning, big shoutout to y’all my diamond hands are grabbing them
;)
Hang on there Apple, you've got all day ya know?
9:40-9:50 where the dipping occurs. And for Chinese EV stocks the party is in the after hours
This is one of the most retard market open of the century
[deleted]
People been saying that all week
Are you me?
I sold my ZM calls right in the morning somehow...thank god I didn’t get caught up in that dip
[deleted]
Thoughts on next week
The f is wrong with you.  We don’t speak that shit
Done!!
Is anyone’s robinhood showing an incorrect balance?
I love reading about all these folks having issues with robinhood and im just sitting here like.. yeah mine is working fine
I just left Houston I just left earth 🚀🚀
We doin the SOLO thing here or nah?
HUGE thank you to the autist who recommended SOLO last night.
Good job bruv. Throw a little yolo on NIO 2021 though for some simmering tendies
What happened to sft?
Jesus i wish my real trading acc was as successful as my fuckin paper trading acc. Just opened it up and saw a bunch of NIO $38C 11/13s from a few weeks ago just marinating, up bigly
[deleted]
The battle of profit taking and FOMO buying, this is nuts
I was told spy 350 today
cheers, will try to not be such a lazy fck and have a look now
did anyone get in SOLO ? shits flying
This was not the case
Lol I got 350s as lottos at open
Woke up with a boner boys. NIO, LI, XPEV got me hard baby
Who makes it to 100 first NIO or BABA
Nio dump incoming ;(
Fucking clown world
Doubled my nio calls now I’m out
Even if I held until 20 lmao. This is gonna be the stock I pray falls everyday so I don't have to see it hit 100+ lmao
Let's all manifest and get it to 20
facts orders are not getting filled
Just cashed out all positions. Brought my account from down 80% to up 20% this week. Think I'm gonna turn off my PC and enjoy the weekend.
WE FLYIN SOLO
Imma buy this zm dip
Baba you okay bud?
BABA is probably a good buy at this price
PLL mooning
Dude...
KNDI
why when i place an order on robinhood options it takes like 5 min to purchase????
[deleted]
Thinking its about time to rotate back into tech
/u/OldResearcher6 Yeah nice call bro. I told you those 60P's were a better bet.
EV ain’t dumping wtf
That’s not how it works...
i could have bought NIO call, XPEV call, PD call LI call but no..I bought PLTR call expiring today.
TSLA you piece of shit.
[deleted]
Hey at least you’re not down 43% since September 💁🏽‍♀️
[deleted]
NIO drill team 6 incoming
SOLO MOONING!
Li
Managed to sell BABA on RH, but nothing else is updating... 🤔🤔
holy fuck BABA
holy dildo nio
[deleted]
retards love pltr, says retard
No, something was up with the options for a sec, should be moving now.
[removed]
The bogs are letting NIO holders make it bros.  They are refusing to damp eet.  Don’t question, just buy
You think they'd make a documentary on how the stock is rising, but my options are tanking?
Yeah just nasty today. The bid/ask spread is insane
Fuckit, 0D $352p for the giggles.
Abandon ship! She’s going down!!!
Mine shot the fuck up
 PLTR green lmao
My brazilian beef is making me cough oh no!
Check it again
Had SPY 353C and DIS 136C. Nice opening for me
First time?
Holding Donkey Kong through earnings was the move!
[deleted]
$ZM $350
If you don’t buy SOLO right fucking now you shouldn’t be allowed to breed.
yikes
Power etrade app is being autistic
Get ready bulls. Were going red.
Nio
I love u
Fuck this shit I’m watching the masters
 No fucking way
[deleted]
RH UP!!!
lol i guess rip to anyone waiting for a dip in NIO at open
Screw this bs
Hello 4+ kids!
Robinhands!
CSSR going green!!! Please for the love of god and everything that is green. PLEASE BE FUCKING GREEEN
NIO options frozen or what?
Good lord I’m in tendie town like never before!!
Calls quick
Think or swim options chain not updating for nio
I’ve been watching it since then too.
ToS calls also fucking up
ZM what the actual fck
LET ME SO MY FUXKING GAINS SO I DONT FEEL RETARDED
1-800-273-8255
somebody fill my damn orders
AAL you fucking boomer piece of shit

Do something.
LI just took the fuck off too man check out that spike at open! Strong inflow chart too rising value 🤙🏼 K N D I is also taking off
What would the US stock market be like without these amazing Chinese companies?!?!? Keep em coming gina!!!!
[removed]
Same, not using RH either.
My nio leap barely moved 

Iv crush?
Robinhood fucking me out of so much money rn
FUCK WE BROKE NIO
dumped DKNG at open - nice % but low equity as usual lol
Slow for me
Hopefully this motherfucker can close green too
Why is Zoom being dumped when we are looking at lockdowns again? Lol
Fuck yeah I do!!
Wtf is happening with robinhood
UPDATE MY SHIT YOU BITCH
RCEP getting signed this weekend.

Get your Chapter 11 filing papers ready EV/EM bears
[deleted]
you and me both bub
Half this sub is fucked since RH options aren’t updating.
I am
ROBINHOOD OPTIONS ARE BROKEN WTF
🎵 *Fly me to the moon* 🎵
We know it’s your mom
sq just on free fall, i shouldve sold right at open. oh well diamond hand to 0 right?
Priced in now with LI
Pretty much my entire portfolio has been going down, except nio... which means my portfolio is going up.
Well it was fun trading with you guys, lost all my savings and idk what to tell the gf. Maybe I’ll be back if I can save up more!
Robinhood about to fuck us
AMD told me “fuck your calls expiring today”
Bull trap on spy
My corn calls just told me they're worth 2.25 all of the suddsn
Ok show me
Smart. You won't make bank thanks to the mouse's retard strength, but dis should drop with lockdown announcements
Please tell me it’s coming back 😫

Guaranteed NIO FOMO all day
Yep
Fucking robinhood!!
PLTR was fucking MOVING at open
.. and I just lost all my gains yesterday on puts for today. Fml
damn i love this. And it's keanu "neo" reeves
up 160% this year ??? lol  they been doing something
# UVXY??
When Muddy Waters releases a report on your company.... right after you bought weekly OTM calls.
Papa Elon got the rona and tries to cast it as a doubt on the antibody test itself. Need to buy more TSLA calls the man's a genius
WTF ROBINHOOD
Covid is just a flu, fight me maggot
**I can't believe I might actually break even for the first time in months thanks to chinese EV companies...** 

**Very Happy, Very Proud**
RemindMe! 4 days
Only an idiot would have hold them until the current price
no they make jet Electric jet engines for chinas J-20 fighter
Mine aren’t either
Is robinhood down?
Same
Thank you RH options aren’t updating
Wtf is up with Robinhood!!?? It’s not updating my option gains
Just said we can’t ignore it in a good way
There should be a separate daily thread just for NIO
LETS GO NIO!!
BABA you piece of shit
Just gotta put $12 on Joe Exotic's books and he gonna make that call for you son.
TO THE MOON BOYS
Bid/ask not showing up for my NIO 50C sweet
You buy the Elon COVID did easy
on track to make over $1 million in profit for my company for the year and what do they say? "hey kid, here's $50 gift card for amazon. get yourself something nice"

fuck i can't wait to work for myself
PALANTARDS! I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me! A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship. But it is not this day. An hour of wolves and shattered shields when the age of Men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! To the moon!
[deleted]
Are you up or down for the week? 

I'm down bigly. Hugely.
NIOOO
Wtf with the almost +1% open! 

Bear market retardness
lol pussy
NIO calls not updating?
Got tired of being the idiot who sold NIO way too early so yesterday I bought Feb $65 calls. At this rate it’s gonna happen in 2 weeks
[removed]
Mine arnt either rn
Ok. Ya know, I don't think I understand how it works really. Reading a lot def helps I'm sure. Some TA I guess but gotta be more. Options data? What little you've said is plausible and that read for yesterday definitely was impressive, especially in light of those mid day news.

And I can dig the cockiness
Good lord, NIO is unstoppable
NIO!!!!
Let’s go DKNG
Confused on how my $50C NIO is down 🤨
PLTR Gonna moon it looks like
Or did he wait to announce vaccine right when he knew he would be selling stock. I would call that insider trading.
Patience
They look like missing a chromosome.
Watching my NIO calls is just like playing that stupid Roobet game, trying to time when to get out.
iv
Anyone else have a lag on RH for their NIO and Palantir option updates in the morning?
Yesterday
Thanks PLTR for not fucking dying
Sold 40k of EV stock yesterday. I is sad
Thats the plan. I'll hold til tuesday market open.
Welcome to todays moon mission powered by Xi
Love the awkward smiley white guy getting thumbed.. Wait is he a Biden?
Why the fuck are my options not changing prices uhhhh
Pltr off to the races
Doesn't matter. He can probably get better medical care than the president.
Holy crap
I'ma just hold, looks like its not going to dump at open if its still being bought up like this. I'll sell probably Tuesday morning tbh before NIO's earnings.
[removed]
We are only accepting jelqers at this time. Thank you for your application.
If ur seriously asking, IV is implied volatility. Basicaly how risky the option is. Before earnings and for growth stocks, IV is usually high, right after earnings and with expiry date just a few days away, IV usually drops A LOT, which means people don't think much will change the stock. This means options value drops because people can guess now what the stocks gonna approximately be at.
Would you rather have $1 or $100?  If you said $100 then options are for you!
Here we go boys
Wonder if any analyst downgrades DIS they get a visit from Mickey and his gang.
I’m looking at this one called NIO. Seems to be doing alright. They make cars. Thoughts?
Other than Monday this week was boring af for spy. Stayed in the exact same range.
NIO is gonna break the Matrix if it keeps pulling this shit
Papa gonna cream
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NFLX   500.0|4.4|6.45|5.5|0.0|37.264%


NFLX 500.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc5knzx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
Already have dove dark chocolate in the freezer 😎 Congrats on 2 weeks
Why is he getting tested 4 times in a single day?
Only if the Chinese E.T. looking Jack Ma "phone home"
Whats your strat?

That's nice. A girl who asks for spankings is a gem.
never
401
But That’s kind of the best Part of it it could appeal to other people with different interests. not everybody likes electronic vehicles like certain people in my family want nothing to do with electronic vehicles because they travel long distances and they dont like the idea of have to charge up n be waiting for a battery to fill up. They enjoy driving long distance to all types of destinations- vacations etc. that’s just what they enjoy doing (different strokes for different folks). when I even mention EV they quickly denounced the idea of it whereas a hybrid vehicle maybe they would be more open minded to it. I’m in all three actually well four if you count tesla too. Just food for thought 💭 ya know but point taken into consideration 🤙🏼
Holy crap I just looked up what the SOLO cars look like. It looks what Peter Gregory drove off in on Silicon Valley haha
Best of luck men
Looks at my nio history.

Sold 200 shares for $2,342 total. $11.71 each on July 20, 2020. 

FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This is the way
g’luck
There will not be another lockdown
3...2...1...👨🏻‍🚀
lol
Tesla, go fuck yourself
Where’s that GME squeeze lol
It’s a great company that’s still making a lot of money and growing. It’s going to take some time to get back to ath but it will
Today, so not much time to move
Nio might pass 53 EOD tbh
No
[deleted]
[deleted]
You just need the bank managers to agree it’s green and not red and then it’s green.
I’m buying puts. Their Webex chat thing sucks ass that we use at work
And I thought my 1/2021 50c was FD.
Acb is up quick everyone invest
Here we go
I just started playing options, what kinda expiration are ya thinking
Nio might hit 53 EOD tbh
Uhh sir....
Buy the dip for BABA
NFLX 500c 11/20
I’m waiting to buy in @ 69.42
Oh yes, this is my approach as well. It's why I'm bullish on GE these days.
FSR calls at open. Fisker about to explode like NIO LI XPEV
should’ve put this one on r/investing man
Yes, but so was that Tesla action lol
Not if you get the right away and sell at 11am.  That’s the NIO trend.  Low at open and high as fuck at 11am.
good luck yall, bout to be a hell of an interesting day
Nio will buy me a yacht one day
Probably not optionable day one.
have they had earnings yet or not?
You’re too early, there will be a blow off top before the decline
When looking at the options chain, click "select" in the top right corner.
is NIO gonna break through the 100RSI line?

is that even possible?
Too much IV
[deleted]
[removed]
😈
NIO stock
Tech bulls we ride at dawn.🐂🐂🐂
Time to bleed, Revlon.
Good luck retards
George relax - it’s too early
And buy xpev and nio
Buy the baba dip?
I really hope I catch the next stonk that Wsb pumps. Need to escape poverty for good
cuz im buying
More like regular old roulette
Elon out here tweeting like a Karen... Karon... Crayon...

Elon eats Crayons - Tesla 700 EOY
JD, obviously
when do you buy ITM vs OTM? I want to buy a bunch of leaps but cannot decide if I should buy itm or otm
If y’all tards actually listened to PLTR call yesterday you’d have such a boner your shorts would rip
Exp?
[deleted]
Canada!
true ass black sheep
Congrats!
Imagine selling NIO 43c yesterday
Anyone playing Cisco???
SHHHHHHHHH
Yes.
Psssssshhhh seen this painting before. The upload quality looks pixelated , it looks 1000% better in real life at the louvre museum in Paris.
Touché
Oh boy!
no
they'll moon into earth's core

Every day
Last I checked it was only 20% short interest, I think there's enough liquidity to sustain that for now but could change. I'd love to see it hit 30 but I think there's a lot of people who will have exit points before then keeping it grounded.
Have been on a nice streak listening to random replies for plays on the daily this week. Anyone have any solid plays for the day? Thanks!
Never doubt the power of becky to keep DIS and PTON  LULU afloat
10.5 million cause thats how much was traded premarket..
Tesla pump or dump this morning??!!
if i’m not retarded i thought i saw a post of someone make a 400k profit but i might be retarded
Should I exercise my NIO 51c at open or hold out?
[deleted]
Amen 🙏
*putting the dead bilbo on the grass*
NIOconectttt
Ban 😆
When u guys think psth merger will happen? Seems like a juicy opportunity with wsb so focuser on ni hao, could be a good entry right now
This is blasphemy
[deleted]
[deleted]
calls?
Marxism statement at its finest.
why is TradingView premarket so trash??
Dump?
I’m in
Don’t worry it’ll bounce back, I bought puts.
I feel the same way. I've been buying shares and calls since it was $12,yet I feel like I completely fucked up in not buying more. 

Small money don't make big money
AMAT keep surging for me baby
Tldr man
Congrats, and fuck you!🤣
GDS, VIPS, WUBA,YY,BABA,BIDU,TCEHY,JD,MOMO,BILI,HUYA,IQ
Vff
Right back at you family,we r both autist then
Dump now. You're going to be sorry when mass lockdowns and restrictions are officially announced
Cause this post is a joke retard lmao
Same here I’m leaning towards selling at open
PLTR looks ready for lift off
lol found the retard
Hoping for some damn pump. They need to announce they make EVs on the side
Yea fuck
Are NIO calls at open dumb? Lol
Always hope
No..... it has more room to run.
Alexa... put the red dildo up my ass..
Nah, can't moon if I put a wall in front of me.
Happy Cake Day Farmerj0hn! I hope this is the beginning of your greatest, most wonderful year ever!
Oh thanks. I'd been kind of busy so I couldn't watch the report yesterday and Id just assumed that costs wouldn't have increased that much to set up a 4X increase to revenue
NIO
whats gona happen with SOLO yall
Am from reality #4 — there’s a 40% chance nio closes at 42.4
Love Vic Dibitetto! His Ticked off Vic series is awesome
Mickey is going to fuck you in the ass for Christmas.
Come on PLTR papa needs a new pair o’ shoes.
The right to big, beefy, plastic bag full of pudding lookin' arms.
Have you guys heard of Nio cars?  It's a Chinese company that makes electric vehicles like Tesla I think.  Thinking about maybe picking up a share or two, what do you think?
XPEV
Throw it all into nio calls you’ll have 10k by Tuesday sell before earnings
NIO *and* TSLA
If you ain’t talkin’ money I don’t wanna talk 😤
Buy DIS stock, but don't try to time this thing with options
You sound like my doctor, who was also wrong
lol
FSR
Spy 357 Puts at open. We’re not busting through that trend line any time soon. Down from here boys
Which weed stock will moon today
Yes sir yes sir.. my puts are printing
NIO are you deaf or new here?
bounce baba bounce
There’s a chance it can go up
FSR lmao
GME isn't going out of business, they are going to start posting large profits in 2021
[deleted]
[deleted]
Keep Elon alive ✊
I doubled down on XPEV puts at close yesterday and I regret it
I actually have NIO calls. So no I don’t. But I don’t like seeing our boy Musky shown up by some crappy knockoffs.
Palantir gonna moon
Is there still hope for BABA
Feel like we’re gonna test 352 again
CLOWN
Thats a keeper.  Just buy way out spy calls.  Your welcome.
You mean like the 8000% it's up after IPO? Something like that?

Sorry you're late dummy
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Eminem - Berzerk (Official) ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab9176Srb5Y) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab9176Srb5Y)⠀►►⠀ 2:53 / 4:20 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
ZooM out there buddy.
Ticker strike..............and GO!
🥭 tweet incoming
So little money. Go to another sub pls
This is genuinely the ugliest car I've ever seen. Still buying calls at open tho
I was confused and bought INO I don't know if it's better or worse so I'll just buy more
Haven’t been this excited for a market open in a long time. Let’s goooo
Solo cars are as autistic as hyperloop by virgin - yankees are thinking of solution for a problem that existed and has been compromised, the answer is the public fucking transport like trains, trams or buses like in the rest of the fucking world. I swear, even in my eastern shithole we got trains that are moving easily with 100mph+ speed and a whole lot of connections within the inner city and suburbs, why would you reinvent the wheel. I guess if you were asked about how do you want to transport between cities in future but in 1700 you would beg for faster horses and not entirely new category of machines
DIS puts here. No brainer
Sell you fool
SNAP puts
I’m Nervous lol
NIO calls
Alexa, play Berzerk by Eminem

lets fucking do this
BABA black sheep, taking all my wool!😭😭
[deleted]
>career

lmao.
Someone give me a meme stock to trade today, and don't say NIO or TSLA.
If you held you until today, your pants could retire on their own today
Why is PLTR Dropping still?
BABA green lmao
Jd doing what baba ain’t
Vaccine news gets announced on Monday mornings. Scary to hold ZM over the weekend.
XPEV dip bigly at open and rally 40% so this the same as LI
Good luck, retards
UPS 🚀
May the NIO bulls rejoice upon opening bell and enjoy their RH green theme as we rise to 60 by EOD. 

Amen. 🤑⚡️🚘
That car looks like it seats one so it's perfect for this sub!
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Ice Cube - It Was A Good Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4UqMyldS7Q) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4UqMyldS7Q)⠀►►⠀ 3:28 / 5:13 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Lol this dude has a degree in theoretical stocks
Best moment of the day! Here we go!
My morning trading routine involves playing American idiot since I have no idea what I’m really doing but the green lines that go up sure are pretty.
I bought 100 shares of that at around $2. Sold it at $5 4 months ago.

If y’all need any tips, I’ll be here crying all day.
I've had Baba calls since Tuesday and this is the flattest thing I've ever seen
Going to buy 25 contract nov 20th. $16 call
I bought puts and there’s no way they’ll print so ur safe
Thank
If Elon dies (1% chance) TSLA loses all Elon Premium (69% of stock price)
Expertise wouldn't help. NIO does its own thing
Shhhhh I’m buying puts
you dont hear much from PRPL mattresses anymore or Kodak after they spiked from WSB and then fell back into the earth where they belong
Yes, up 5 percent is very bearish when preceded by record volume
Holding
[deleted]
***Alexa, play Ice Cube - Good Day***
I’m hoping
He had it planned out to still at this time months back. Just a coincidence it happens exactly when vaccine is announced
That $1000 is so fucked
When should I sell $DIS calls?
Do you think I can get disability if my options trades are clinically retarded? Free monthly yolo tendies.
It’s Friday the 13th. Be careful of them black cats bouncing.
His definitive blood test result will only be made available after hours. The question is, are people gonna hold over the weekend to find out?
I live in Vancouver, do not fucking buy SOLO expecting guaranteed long term gains a la NIO. this shit is a pump and dump, it was at $15 at IPO before turning into a penny stock and nobody is buying it
This was the way 9 out of 10 days
This is a cheat code. Thanks
Shorts: DeepFuckingValue stands alone

Us Autists: No... Not alone.
u also need a motorcycle license to drive it lol but they have other nice cars too just not being pumped yet
Gonna need msft to end today at like 220 and pypl 194 is that too much to ask for
At this rate, it would be more lucrative for me to give my credit card info to a Nigerian prince so he can deposit money into my account
I have your answer

r/mytherapistfuks
[deleted]
Equilibrium
PLTR 🤞🤞😣😣🚀
[deleted]
I wish i knew why everyone thinks its going to dump at open
If I sell BABA, what should I put the money into?
^^^ This guy HATES money
[deleted]
gonna sell at open and rebuy the dip?
Thanks for the intel, Bogdanoff
Just woke up, gonna jerk off to that Nio price
Nio calls at open
Next week we should all be good.
Willing PLTR to 12
And solo
😞😭
Then rebound?
Even weirder place to larp.
Yeah alright nice plan satan
Collect the interest on your robinhood wallet
Nio after the 9:45 dump
[removed]
Fuck NIO, it's the next Lukin coffee. I dont know when, but one day it'll be dropped that they launder money for the CCP or some shit.
He’s gonna say Gyna is a hoax
Be careful holding tech calls over the weekend MRNA will release vaccine news on Monday maybe
Who’s ready to take a morning dip?
No money in vaccines, dog. He is smart
I should have gambles more on NIO.
Do u think it’ll crash at open?
LI might be shooting for a 30% day today tbh. Might let this call ride today and sell eod
Money cures covid.
Oh yeah......we dumping.....I saw this episode before.
🤢
[deleted]
haha hey it me
This market literally could not care less. My reasoning is through techincal analysis, noticed a few double bottoms in the history of the rally and then there are a few days of sideways trading, then a rally
Hop on this rocketship to Neptune
No you invest in Tesla.... an American company that is on the forefront of renewables and electric vehicles and has a proven track record of innovation and scalability:)
No more beautiful letters
Anyone selling calls for NIO this morning?! I think I’ve had enough. My portfolio is finally in the green all thanks to NIO. I have just two contracts left
Right I don’t pay anything or have any money in my account. I use rh to trade, but I watch TDA charts and level 2 data
Oh Allah calls dude
[deleted]
345
Sell calls at open?
[deleted]
$1000 burning a hole in my RH.   What would you do?  Never tried options before, feel like I’m still learning.  Throw some ideas at me
Calls on Robinhood bugging out at open
Who thinks crash at open?
Chasing NIO is probably one of the worst plays I could make today but fuck it I guess
That's the one I am looking at open actually
Puts/calls over the weekend?
We can dream
Losers predicting futurenis tough and that's why. Past is easy
thinking about jumping into NETE


What about KCAC anyone on that spac?
If tsla could go to like 500 my account probably wouldn’t even be red
wont be surprised to see SOLO become a 20B company because of retards pumping it.
Everyday at open, many accounts get wiped out and many people wake up rich. Basically Russian roulette
Gang? What do we say?
Anyone still buying LI at open?
Mango gonna be heated
imagination: most people on this sub are successful chad investors who drive teslas and live in downtown penthouses

reality: most likely 18-25 year old college fukboys YOLO'ing their college savings
Please, name one good reason that would matter even one iota lol
AERI is about to pump
9 mil easy
BABA...wtf
What expiration?
just sell before 10-11 and you'll be fine.

mm's like to front run everyone, but it's usually quite predictable in that sense
they don't exist since you can't play with $0
or losers
[deleted]
Is CRSR going to do something?
5 minutes...pls LI pop up to over 40!!! Need these tendies for the weekend 😋
Literally everyone sell everything you fucking own right at open. Let’s tank this shit 300. Fucking circuit breaker in November lets fucking go
People took profits at 40 and 45, puts
SMH. All you NIO bois just gonna let Gyna embarrass us in our own market. 

LI earnings sucked btw.
They better pump him w whatever they used on cheeto man
Pfizer ceo sells shit Tom of stock after a pump and I can’t make too many day trades. Fuck the sec, what do they do exactly...
Anyone make six figures on NIO yet...I’m almost there if this price action keeps up
Xi, as do many others, hate looking at Jack Ma's ugly mug. Dude looks like the Chinese E.T.
Its gonna move BIG one way or another.
?
20 hours ago from you "Thinking of going all in on BABA tomorrow eod" Where do they create retards like you that just randomly shit out these ideas?
> 250 shares @40.77 with 2 covered calls 45 strike @.55. Just hoping it stays above $41

wow nice!
jet LI was "The One".
if u drive that thing ur riding solo for sure
For some reason I feel as a GrubHub is a boomer stock
FSR and DKNG are raining cash on me
[deleted]
I’m in you son of a bitch
Fuck that car
Nope. With solid fundamentals and gyna backup fund. They'll reach religion status just like TSLA. Just like TSLA, they can slumped, but not in this short period
Anyone playing ACM earnings?
it looks so retarted lol
Ooooof
Yep exactly. Makes no sense from an epidemiology view. 
My guess is that they want to appear to be doing something, without making that something so burdensome the people revolt. 

Why was mass transit still operating during the first shutdown? 

Why did Italy announce they were closing off the northern regions and allow a mass exodus?

Some of these people are idiots.
[deleted]
At a drive in testing center in ATL been here since 8am. Still about 10 cars ahead of me and this place has 2 lanes. PUMP IT!
Good luck everyone except NIO bears
Yea prolly
NIO calls at open 👌
I sold my XPEV calls at a loss on Monday to buy the BABA dump. 🤡
Where have you been the last 3 months
RemindMe! 13 minutes
Or he could not...
Any yollo recommendations for today? I’ve 1000
Hold them
GM: still priced low for existing business but has growth opportunities for free with self driving etc.
Fisker calls today? Any thoughts?
Oh man will my LI and nio calls print
BABA always sell off.
"thinking of ways to improve the test" implies that he's thinking of design failures and ways to overcome them. that effectively means redesigning the test.

musk is not a god
36% not that high lol
Career
My butthole is so puckered for today
[deleted]
Lolol that's not entirely what I meant. I just meant that telling anyone that you're investing makes them say things that you'd find annoying.
No. Sell and take profits. If it looks like it will continue just buy in again...worst case you make less profits.

But, if it tanks a la PLTR, you done son!
I m still holding cruises banks and airline. I m gonna dump that all in a week
I sold my LI 35c for $60 earlier this week AMA
Weak selling volume in PM, might mean we are saved lol
been workiing on a NT script for a while now and its incredibly difficult.  I am guessing you are just using the wizard with like... 1 minute timeframe?  I am trying to program tick stuff and it has me pulling hair.
Bear trap
Its feeling really dumpy at open???🤧🤔
So a computer equipment company wants to supply coaches to esports teams? This is insane
It it dips today I probably will
Nio is a cheat code
ER
To flush people out of their short positions before it crashes next week
Byden got Arizona.. Xi congratulate Bydenn
Loaded a few yesterday.  Not being able to average them down cramps my style on plays like this though.
tRaDinG cAreEr?? this is wendy's sir
[deleted]
no one's respecting my boy JingDong
Are you going to wait to buy it back when it drops eventually or roll out into a higher strike. Have already rolled twice.. It's crazy how much it's moving
Noice
Mr. Stock, I don’t feel so good.
Dude earnings Tuesday. I'm debating also. Could skyrocket earnings day so fuck idk
You are a true autist. 

More like some guy trading stocks in his spare time outside of work.
[deleted]
Love it
cases usually hit weekly highs on Saturday, calls on covid 

200k cases this saturday
aka its not gonna move at all?
[deleted]
0DTE NIO 55c
Can someone explain what tf is going on today? Yesterday everything falls off a cliff and now everyone’s suddenly feeling good because...
To understand why shit like this happens, you gotta actually watch the earnings call. They probably changed their guidance or said something investors like.
Hnnnggg open the markets fuuuck
How many million we talking about?
NIO bulls picking out their Lambo this morning
Ban
Sigh. Im done. You win sir. Not going to argue with anyone that laughs at their own “jokes” or comments. You are clearly on the spectrum.

Have a good day
NIO short volume 36%.... how do you people afford to keep trying to guess the top
I can’t believe NIO calls worked out for people. Looked like a classic inverse WSB situation
As long printer is on we gucci
Nio is new tesla  xpeng new nio 🤑
CALLS AT OPEN LETS GO XPEV LI NIO TRIFORCE LETS GOO GET EM NOW WHILE YOU CAN
Poe's law got me.
Because being less of a failure is better then being a winner
NIO 69 EOD
Orange man refusing to leave office and corona infections ATH... PUMP IT
2.80 or so
*Designer, engineer, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
wtf is BABA selling off on now?
To sell $LI calls at open or white knuckle them until $nio earnings next week
[removed]
Delivering food is never going to be profitable with humans driving
Puts bby it’s looking dumpy
[deleted]
NIO 11/20 60c a virtual ATM
432
As always
The market is looking into 2021 unlike you who is buying 0DTE puts.
NETE a buy?
They're saying making these cars is actually more harmful than fossil fuels but I'm just trying to make a buck so...
What's your problem man? You go around insulting people on reddit nonstop?

You seem like you're a grown ass man with experience and had some success in trading. Don't be a piece of shit. Instead offer advices in a non-threatening way so other people can learn and make money. Don't be that guy man. With age and experience comes wisdom. Grow the fuck up
I bought a bullshit put FD lotto ticket for end of NOV just in case it drops of the next few days but I'd gladly burn it to see this happen. Post that shit when you do it.
Bear stearns better
Nah i havent, noticed it

money you worked for vs money you won gambling
CNBC: Markets go higher as covid cases surge, top chart analysts from Goldman note there is positive correlation between cases going up and stocks going up.
[removed]
I bet this CVNA breaking is a bull trap, looking for cheep puts today...
I CANNOT WAIT
Is anyone buying NIO calls today and holding over the weekend? FOMO is real but I fear it could drop on Monday. Then again, I’ve made the mistake of doubting NIO before...
I am, and no probably not selling until I see 55
Chicago CME got it
Got a daytrade I wanna burn today. What’s the move?
Predictions for zoom eod?
R u new here or spying from r/stocks? Stonk only goes up 🚀
Fear
Where is PLTR gang ?
mid 2021 is going to be too late to the covid party i predict to net a notable share of the market
I did yesterday.. sold a call one strike price above to lock in gains.. already regretting it this morning, but probably was the right move
Fri 13
Nothing long about this dudes gay as fuck hope this girl got a big ass cuck
You can buy a nice (small) house in the majority of the country that's not a major city. Nice try.

If anyone tries to argue this, I will literally smack you in the face with an abundance of Zillow links.
I find so.
[deleted]
You can buy puts as a hedge, or sell OTM Call credit spreads to help reduce any loss.
Grubhub stock is perennially shit on so I assume same for this one.
Maybe you missed the “wait for earnings”

Rookie traders. 🤦‍♂️
wrong account sorry

i thought i was on the stonks only go down one

NIO is going to 100 dollars next week dont worry
The web is so fucking ass it actually pains me to use it. Speaking of that anyone know how the fuck to open spreads on mobile? I can add to a spread position once created on my pc but can’t actually open one
BER R FUK
I probably paper hand my shares and sell it
yes, enable not using RH
premiums are too high for next week, an the top is being squeezed out.
Feel so fucking dumb but hey there’s no logic in this market
CYRX is poppin off today I think

they specialize in cooling medical supplies

already up 237% for me w/ 65c 11/20
That is LITERALLY the time to hold for the biggest gainers.
Nah
Go full retard, add XPEV, LI, PDD, etc
F
Oddly specific
The fact that you think that’s a big deal is comical. This is another irrational exuberance stock. It could go to $100. Who knows where it will go in the short term. I can tell you one thing, when people get off of this it’s gonna get nasty quick. That’s they way fad stocks are. Good luck to all but this is about as overvalued as I’ve ever seen a stock.
Huh?
Some of you guys are cool

Stop playing BABA this month you will get burned
Buying more popcorns
[removed]
Damn it’s Friday and all my shit is green. 

Today is a good day.
Yeah the web is slow as fuk
App is way faster than web
I am from de future yes big domp
I’ll rise 100 percent in your mouth
What if my worldview insists that global warming and NIO are both fake?

Checkmate, traders
The volume on this first NIO candle will probably be the most you’ve seen in your trading career
Um.... no. For medical tests it is not better to have a false negative.

Example:

Ok, no cancer, your good to go!

VS

Ok, you have cancer, let’s do another check.
I think she’s been inverting you
Dafuq. Did you invest in Lehman Bros or something?
best typo of the week
*drumudunadundunadundunadunduna* Epaappaa barehEeeeePoooPooo
You guys think we’re hitting 352 again today or nah
I think you meant to say mooning instead of decline
I just wanna know what motivates you to keep going when it's all going downhill?
[deleted]
No it’s not
I made some decent quick returns opening and closing a few NIO pistons in the same day.
If we rip today I’d sell and lock in profit
i say fuck it, don't overthink and just buy in after 30 mins
Ask me about holding NIO puts 🤡
Username does not check out.
Why does it have to feel so good when I make money back that I’ve recently lost compared to truly profiting
We’re gonna fucking rip today
I seriously don't know what to do now. I 'invested' the premium in other calls and can't buy it back lol.. Just going to ride it I guess and see what happens
Calls definitely calls
Hey xpev, wanna give me another 30% today?
Now we got even more retards on the NIO hype that bought at the top, and they’re all gonna get wiped out when it has another -12% day.
[deleted]
Elon could have covid. TSLaa should be down more?
Jack Ma was a complete embarrassment in that debate
Around 2$ I think
I’ll show you something that can rise 100% in ur mouth
I’m not selling my NIO shares until they can buy me a NIO car.
[deleted]
Imagine Nio coasting to 60 today
[deleted]
‘Invested’
You need to buy that stock and make it yours forever
BASED
🥈🏄🏻‍♂️
Bought NIO shares a few months ago, and 50c 1/21 weeks ago, expecting to hold for at least a month or two and maybe sell it around 60 if I was lucky.  But now it's a WSB meme stock, and at this rate, it will reach 1000* by then!  Thanks, WSB

*And by reach 1000, I mean blow up and end up <50
web version unusable for me
I think I’ll see it under $50 in like 13 minutes.
Have a strong urge for puts right at open..
[removed]
News on Monday. Buy the rumor... something something
sell a call above it in order to lock in gains but if it keeps mooning, you were better off just letting the naked call ride.
Legit laughed at this. Ty
How tf are they not profitable with the fees they charge, tf?
Robinhood going down? Buy puts
man up and double down on nio fukboy
Add solo
holding
You’re rich
If it drops to $250 I’m investing in $ROPE lol
top is in lol
Margin calls on short sellers and people think Biden is the second coming.  Reality will sink in soon and we will be going down with Tax Selling.
You have zero clue. We are talking ceos only. Elon is a character. Comparatively this guy is unknown
Buying pressure > selling pressure 

I have IWM puts, unfortunate
This
Which 0tde weed calls do i get?
FSLY still has a lot of room to run even if it holds premarket gains.
Buying 300C March at open. Todays the day.
No, options only during regular hours
🙏🏻
Just added solo with nio and xpev. Open the matket already.
NIO finally looking dumpy
The vaccines are temporary pumps and BS
[deleted]
I have no clue what you're talking about so I don't think so
Facts. even if we dont have a huge day today, it will be mooning within the next few weeks, and they will be pissed they missed it @ 50/share lol. The same way they were pissed at 40, 35, 30, 20 etc
Mucho dollars
Debating whether to hold or sell my LI call at open it's a 11/20 40c
10 min till a trading session so red its gonna have you Lenin posting
Guh
Already dipped in PM.  Moon from open to close.
NIO spelled backward is “OIN”.

That’s Chinese for “The One”.
Do I sell off some of my VOO to buy CRSR, NIO and PLTR?
I road wit you.
Yeah but nobody asked for your feedback. If you need a friend, get a dog you cuck
More like 6.5%
good as place as any
Cracked 50 like it was nothing, onto 1000
It's riding well above $50 now, I sure as shit hope he's holding.
I mean if the test is shit, I don’t see what’s wrong for saying the test is shit. Doesn’t mean he’s a COVID denier, just that the COVID test is shit.
Yes!
[removed]
TQQQ $150 11/20
Sucks how bad Rory is playing. Feel bad for the guy
I think it's just 'village farms' but yea lol

Still slowly transition from vegetables to weed, and spending all their revenue on acquiring shares of other weed growers until they have control.
It pumped 50 cents after this LMAO
Wait for earnings. The decline will be epic.
OP doesn't get those handies for free
blow.off.top.
I’d be up $500 on one call rn if I held. I’m going to try and buy some calls at open so get ready for it to dumb
"makes generic shit".

Theyre luxury autos more expensive than Teslas. No wonder you sold retard, you deserve the loss.
you guys holding calls or selling?
Do I hold NIO calls over the weekend??
another 2% on tech today?
Wait till during earnings. IV crush will kill puts or calls on Monday.
[deleted]
It’s about to get anhilated
You also hate money
Neither do 99.8% of other people
Do you even have to ask?
Sell a cheaper higher strike
Hoppin the NIO Li expev  nerds this is probably the best time
Robinhood already dragging ass and we're 12 minutes out.

Is the app faster than web?
Because stonks are on sale

Buy the dip as stop complaining
"nio stock" is in the trending searches on Opera lmfao
Disagree.
🚀 all in!
Ya but the mere mention of vaccine progress and were obliterated
"manipulation" lmaooo
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is where TFF Pharmaceuticals comes in. They have the tech to ship it. There was a post about it yesterday evening.
Cs didn't help me do a thing. Learned more in 2 weeks on the job
Buy yesterday
8bil deaths for me
anyone know how much nio 11/13 50c are worth rn? need to buy one back i dont wanna get assigned
Nikola, Trevor promised me a gold fish
I will be messaging you in 4 days on [**2020-11-17 14:17:59 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-17%2014:17:59%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtelyl/nio_earnings/gc5jlly/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtelyl%2Fnio_earnings%2Fgc5jlly%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-17%2014%3A17%3A59%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtelyl)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Literally just move to webull
Jusy buy nio gona beat and shits gona rip
And the regularly scheduled slow bleed begins
what calls at open are you looking at
NIO gonna dump or not? I need to know whether to put 5k in weekly puts or calls lmao
Still too expensive. If it drops below $250, I’m in. Until then, better things for me to invest in.
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/13/doordash-releases-s-1-for-ipo.html

Just another unprofitable company making it debut soon.
It is a shitty electric go kart! However the application of the tiny kart to say European cities, who’re trying to cut congestion and CO2 at a lowish initial cost, could really make this a EV that’d pick up in time.

However, I really hope they re-design the thing, it looks like shit.
Howdy neighbor🤠
This manipulation is just sickening at this point. How tf are we green
[removed]
Double post.
Thinking. Tuesday DIS+ drops in a bunch more countries. Including Mexico & Brazil. Not sure when the right time to get in tho.
How do you make spreads
Very tempted to get some otm NIO puts for January
[deleted]
Got out of NIO at 48 for some 1.5-2 bagger. Should I wait for the morning dip to get back in or is today the sale off day?
If you don’t buy NIO you don’t care about the environment and turn a blind eye to Chinas pollution problem. And that makes you a bad person
I wish there was NIO when I was in school
And I usually have 100+ tabs open. But I see what you're trying to say. I suck at reading fast
I'm gonna Will PLTR to over 16 today.

Good vibes
Whoa holding NIO 11/20 calls? Selling?
I bought the dip yesterday.  Hoping it goes back to $300 in short order.
RemindMe! 4 days
Thank God I sold cruises at the vaccine pump top and bought CWEB at the bottom.
I picked up a Jan call yesterday. 

A lot of cashola for my tiny account but I have faith
Definitely has to be Jack Ma looking like E.T. The other two don’t matter as much
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Anyone made money on Nio calls here and converted into a spread to lock in gains and the short is  - 107% now? No? Just me 🤡
Hold that sucker
Yes
(x) doubt
Ride it baby all on black
Sell or hold calls at open ?
Nio doesn’t make cars, they’re just 3 letters that keep giving me money
Got one call yesterday. What positions are you getting?
Niu
Please.... I need pfe covid fda approval asap...
Is that why it's bouncing back up?
I live in this state.
[deleted]
Gonna buy calls in NIO, XPENG and LI at the absolutely fucking tippy top fuck it. Thank me later put holders
No my gf has calls
New gambling markets are gonna be opening up in all of the states that don’t currently have legal gambling. Being first in marketing is more important than revenue at the moment. It’s not like they have a broken business model that doesn’t work, the house ALWAYS wins. They just need to be the main house that people use.
Baba calls the move?
I got in yesterday for like .70 a contract and that was before nio even hit 49. It’s gotta be at least 1.50 now
The CEO giving a good ER call
fuck

i wanted to sell 0dte 450C for zoom yesterday

worth fucking 500$ in premium
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TrueCryptoFan don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
?
[removed]
You will never see NIO under $50 again
NKLA leaps or nah?  Calls are relatively cheap
is that the billion dollar egg company
If you occupy yourself with what other people are holding then you must have a boring ass life
Your funny if you think I’m not staying home from work to play cod with the boys
I got caught around there too but I've made decent money overall so I can't complain
Turn off RH and get a real broker
Please pump nvda 😊
And related. Everything in China is gov related. And the Chinese will have to retaliate
ya well it better work
That's the guy that designed a shitty, faulty eco-vehicle that no one wanted and took the company into bankruptcy once already. Fisker is as much a vanity project as it is a scam.

Have fun though
Accounting fraud, CCP heavy-handed regulation risk, jack ma looking like the Chinese E.T.
I just said i trusted them more than i did FSR. Reading comprehension level is much lower than your ability to troll.
You mean short this small pop, because it’s certainly going to drop back into the 300’s.
I fucking hope so
Both of them are pretty wacky, and they're definitely not the ones doing the heavy lifting at either of their respective positions.
I will never not read DKNG as donkey kong
I’d say wait for the NIO morning dip but I don’t think there’s gonna be one today 😂
You ain't wrong
Nio.
The thing I don't like about LI is that they're a hybrid vehicle rather than a straight up EV. Hence my money is on NIO and XPEV over LI. But LI looks to be taking off all the same so what do I know...
NIO
[deleted]
Y’all just ever sit there and admire your accounts net worth before you know shits gonna hit the fan at 9:30 and It’s gonna be a rough day?
Yeah they are up nearly 50% this week so I figured they might be riding on the vaccine news
Buy the ZM dip. Covid hysteria intensifies over the weekend.
[deleted]
Anyone touching $DIS?
NIO or LI or XPEV at open
RH doesn’t do it.
Dump at open?
[removed]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TrueCryptoFan the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Village Farmers?
My gf wanted to see it... So I renewed my VPN subscription for $25 for the year and downloaded it.
Yep sell it if it expires today. Congrats on the profits
yeah, I mean I would still be long, just an interesting strategy to throw all the money into the marketing side hoping to get a bigger slice of the pie
Market manipulation to lower entry points for the big boys
I mean there’s a time for that. But you’re gonna buy puts on literal China EV ER week? LOL. Puts after NIO ER is actually a good play but until then, nah son
Just got off RH restriction. What did I miss? What am I buying today tards?
With covid # and everything else that's going one any is there an reasoning for this?
This is one interesting comment.
Name checks out
Have you not seen the front page? Millions of dollars have been made this week
So puts on LI?
Dear Powell, I wrote you but still ain't callin'
RKT is back on the menu bois 🤑🚀📈💰🙏
[deleted]
Big Boy momentum reversal on the 1-hour charts, gonna be picking up some calls today
Hells yeah bröther
DKNG holding surprisingly steady this pre-market session
They are acting like yesterday was a blood bath.  WTF??
Still gotta decide if they're right/trustworthy. I see a lot of contradictory stuff posted. I assume you're not gonna share what it was that tipped you off. And I don't see that you called the move publicly.

And those strings of numbers give you a lot of wiggle room after the fact. Am I wrong? And note that I wouldn't hold unexpected news fucking everything up against you.
Anything with a C in the ticker, according to the list I saw
WOKE UP TO DRAFTKINGS BOOMING
It's Friday - drill at open. This is when you buy. Sell what tops right before close, hold your neutrals that will spike over the weekend, sell at the bell Monday.
Thx
What plays to buy at open??!
how much it worth? need to buy that
Finally, VFF is up
[deleted]
What he said?
Holding
WSB @ 3:59 PM: “why TF didn’t I buy NIO at open.”

😏
I'm not antivaxxer.  I just think it's ludicrous that medical research can't deal with a simple RNA virus, yet NASA can drive a car on Mars.
Looks like I should of sold that BA 175p yesterday ....
[deleted]
📈STONKS📈STONKS📈STONKS📈STONKS📈STONKS📈STONKS📈
That’s certainly one bloke’s opinion.
Anyone here have calls on snowflake? 🤣🤣😂 good luck
Man what the fuck SNAP die
NIO
Slightly bearish
Damnit, will add
There is no beginning and there is no end
This sub is in worse shape than during the worst days of Tesla hysteria
Maaaaybe
Sweet mother of Mary my LI calls are gonna print
Haha facts, it’s pure euphoria
God I hope so I have 10 contacts for next friday.
I don’t fucking care
Apple or pltr

I'm putting 2k into both today
Get a real broker
Full disclosure I have BABA calls but BABA is so insanely cheap I don’t understand how people aren’t buying this shit up.
Ah shits gg for NIo.
Buy the dip for zoom
I sold calls at $80 on FSLY. 🤦‍♂️

It happens though. I’m a big option seller so I leave money on the table 25% of the time.
Should have gone all Yolo on fsly instead of getting stonks
I just used Google. The time it would take to link individual news articles seems annoying to do.
Always has been 👨🏻‍🚀🔫👨🏻‍🚀
Buy when you see red
You need to lose 20k first to unlock dumbass mode
What is this market you speak of? There is NIO and NIO only. Prayer circle everybody 🧎‍♂️🧎‍♂️
And when they catch and rip the paper in half....that's when the officer shoves narcan down your throat
yep, you're right.  I have some Dec puts for DE and PG as my hedge
Bingo
Well, my Donkey Kong shares are getting called away. Honestly, not even mad. Happy to be off the rollercoaster.
The entire defense industry typically has less than 10 customers
PLTR LEAPS
Different markets. NIO are luxury autos, average NIO is $65,000 USD (more expensive than Teslas). Xpeng and Li cater to middle class average around $38,000 a car. The best low end vehicle is made by GM actually, it sells for $4,200 and its the highest selling EV in China.
LI 50C expiring today
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Tinder dating tips for the autists in here

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtgr1p
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtgr1p) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/perpendosi, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
perpendosi
smungung
Do I have to enable something for 0dte
take profit, change exp date and buy your poison.
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
well it better work cause you're only doing this as a company to gain market share. It's not like they're gonna be profitable anytime soon
NIO
I'm not really sure how having 4x the sales but losing twice as much money is considered killing it; I think that is more of a failure.

This stock market is just retarded though
i just realized there are financial managers out there that watch eric andre show
There has to be a sell off today , even for a few hours right ? 47?
[deleted]
Why do you want to lock down lol. Are you 69 with a pre-existing condition from having your wife railed in front of you so many times?
Holding 5 of these and personally holding over the weekend. EV had great ERs all week. NIO poised for the same. Honestly can see 60+ Monday.
Sdc
Your mother’s health and well-being
r/smallstreetbets place for you, mate. this ain't yolo
Because people don't make rational decisions?  There are a bunch of those little mismatches...it seems like sometimes people/algos just ignore ITM options.
RIP in peace
Hookers
Can’t believe I’m the only retard here to lose money on NIO. I bought in at $42, immediately dumped to $39 so I bounced for a $100 loss.
But think of the loss porn
all the same to those who died
TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
It’s crashed every morning this week
Amazing
It will. Valuation unreal with a billion in revenue for the year.
435 :(
Everybody is selling lol
Watching those spy puts bleed.. Might be better to hold puts on a ticker cause spy pumps are so manipulated
Cramer pump for NIO!!
NIO
Definitely sounds like you need to do some research. They’re warrants are like a 5 year option to buy for 20$ (it may be more than $20)

But if you don’t have RH commons still have 2/9 warrants attached to them that you get after a merge
[deleted]
RIDE
So how does that work nowadays? They wear mask?
Their earnings are temporarily depressed because of covid-19 which is distorting the ratio. No reason why they won’t quickly go back to their old earnings they had pre-covid once pandemic is over, now that vaccine is being released shortly. And with the roaring success of Disney plus, the valuation should be now higher than it was pre-covid (netflix has a P/E ratio of 140 but I don’t hear you complain about that).
Don’t tell mango supporters that. In their alternate reality covid isn’t real, and every vote not for mango is voter fraud
Who would you put $1k into today?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have a bridge to sell you
How to enable 0tdes in rh now
idk what brand the coolers are but they’re supposed to keep the vaccine in range for 10 days and can be opened twice within each 24 hour period
True. Everyone wants to be a contrarian. And they lose.
Don’t fight it man, it has retard strength. You will die
Everybody is going to rush at open to sell their calls
NIO stock price too low imo
You don't need school when you got NIO
Going to buy DKNG calls when it opens.
We drillin at open?
🤣🤣🤣
[removed]
Yeah but i dont live in china and china isn’t necessarily trustworthy when it comes to numbers you maggot
Not me but I pay for Disney plus (wife likes it). At $6.99 it’s just cheap and easy to have (watch the jokes). 

Also, at 71 million paying subs I’m in all day. That’s one of my favorite big caps for 2021.
salty guys that missed out ... like myself .... plus the fact that its up 2400% this year LOL
I just hope he doesn’t show up with glitter all over his face!
If robinhood crashes again this morning ima lynch myself
Fucccck, buy some Tesla yesterday then Elon tweets about having Rona.. Or not.
Gonna scoop up a fuck load of $370 11/16 spy calls eod just to make my weekend nice and terrifying
I hope you mean 265
Game over now boys I just bought NIO
Probably like 30 minutes in
Bro rona
I might not put tho. Just made that acronym and had to get it out to the masses
Every time I’ve followed this sub I’ve got burned, it’s always Inverse WSB, until this week that is
Each common contains 1/9th of a warrant as well. Maybe that's what you're thinking of
This feels like a bull trap but I don’t know shit.
You played yourself
It probably won’t let you buy another 47c 0dte. You can still buy for next week
Get a real broker
It happen is sept 2 and mid OCT it is the way.
11/13 $50c on NIO we selling at open or holding?
10 shares this morning... first time in with NIO. let's see this tendyland
Not Roche with breast cancer?

https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/13/2126450/0/en/CHMP-recommends-EU-approval-of-Roche-s-Phesgo-fixed-dose-combination-of-Perjeta-and-Herceptin-for-subcutaneous-injection-for-HER2-positive-breast-cancer.html
The only guaranteed tendies come from selling when you’re up, no shame in taking a profit
Guys, I’m shaking. Is that fomo hitting my veins ?
Puts on my exam scores. Thanks to Chinese EV I have not been able to study for over a solid week
No tea leaves? You need tea leaves.
profit ??
Strip club in a pandemic? 

What’d they do grind on you in a hazmat suit?
You guys have money?
Don’t?
Woah pause
I just might have to if these nio puts don’t print today, I’ll lyk
credit to u/1poundbookingfee
Shhhh let them squeeze it more
Someone did some research and said those stocks have no effect on nio and li
There have been more Trump aides who’ve tested positive for coronavirus since the election than documented cases of voter fraud
This is the truth........
Makes sense that’s where all the old endows get thrown out when they close, out back.
Strike price for good NIO ODTE put?
When you're doing arts and crafts with your kids and the scissors start to glide is what i imagine heroine must feel like
You thinking what I'm thinking?
Idk HYLN, NKLA, MPLN
They are beginning what Esri has been doing with ArcGIS since 1999.
Fomo in 2021 LI leaps at open!
I’ve decided to no longer comment on nio as the price changes so fast comments are stale in 2 min even in the pm!
He got it from the nurse
September 3rd vibes
All I want is for spy to pump up to 357-358 at open, is that too much to ask for?
It was fun while it lasted, what’s next?
And then in a week everyone will get their next paycheck and dump it back in to start all over with the next meme
If you got RKT or DKNG positions I automatically think you have a boring ass life
NIO reversal on the 1-minute confirmed boys, gonna be a big green day for these assholes.
My mom's basement
PLTR puts gonna be printing at open
short SQQQ
Its Luckin Coffee x 3, pump and dump all of them. Have you ever seen a chinese EV on the road, even in China??? This is NIkola fraud on Steroids. PUTS
Imagine not buying that NIO dip at 50.40
DD: It's hater's hating.
Go ahead and compare the weekly charts for NIO and DKNG
It’s crazy. I bought XPEV yesterday and I’m up 30%. I have seen these for years trading. This won’t end well.
Are you buying the puts to back it up?
PT of 2k, to the moon, they are going to eat Tesla's lunch!!  Better?
Don't tease me like that
Have y’all noticed only dick heads use proper punctuation in here? Say some shit like “We’ll see who ends up more profitable.”
Looks familiar 😢
sq should join the chinese ev run up just because
SPBH sell put buy hold
How you're right my friend
No idea (personally). The newly announced laptops are available for pre-order but they dont get released until the 17th.
Good luck, brüther
It's worse than that, they're buying GME
Puts on your coworker
It does
Anyone looking at CYRX? Pfizer has to transport the vaccine somehow
Will Nio dip at open or what ?
Almost 350 mil volume👀
No clue. I'm buying calls tho
The MMs are cashing out, get ready for flash crash at open
Jeb! will be sworn into office and immediately sign an executive order making guac the official condiment of the US.
I need over 16 or under 14, 15 is not acceptable 😤
Sold at 47 bought back in at 49. About to yolo
Yeah only I did it with 23 contracts instead of one because my dick is 20 feet long.



Also, I'm fucking retarded apparently.
Ah so we should just shut up and baghold Ford and GM because our personal bank accounts are not as important as 'mUrIcA FiRsT!
You're shorting your own bank account
NIO will drop on open probably til lunch and then moon around lunch til EOD.
Well fuck you too
It's a new meme.  Only thing to do with puts right now is sell them.
I want you to eat them
Do i sell my baba leaps and all in on psth warrants? Isn't their warrants like a 2 for 1 deal if the ipo happens?
[deleted]
[removed]
Inverse her 😂
One if you start with 2 mil
That’s a good idea, then I’ll keep the rest of the money to lose on futures.
Tapas
There’s always another one buddy
You autists bought CBAT right?
So do I hold my nio call like a man or paper hand guaranteed tendies? Fuck I’m retarded
Puts at open?
If it expires today I would
Need more buying power. How 2 get gud?
It's a fucking electric go cart.  Fucking piece of shit.
No that's actually a very reasonable expectation. RKT seems due for a short squeeze. I think if it does go up it will go up rapidly. I don't think $30 by Jan is unrealistic.
slow bleed off to 262 by eod
dkng is up 10%, so...
Elon got the rona
Will hold around 165
yeah but waiting til confirmation of top
Went to strip club with co worker last night. Ill be shocked if he shows up at work today.
Omg the camels are bulls! I am spending too much time here.
How’d that go with TSLA?
I’m literally reading the PA court papers..... Fuck zuckerfag, I don’t even have a fb
Everyone is too bullish I'm shorting something. later tards
Gimme a sec. I saw some in the feed yesterday.

Edit: a lot of expiries for 11/20, 12/4, 12/4 that are bullish
i've seen "tesla trains" as an actual proposition i think hahah you link up and get towed with a bunch of other cars. i wonder at what point you call that a $70k bus seat
Why didn’t you half and half
I’m going to let you know a secret. If you don’t follow rules 1 and 2 it doesn’t matter how rich you are.
Donkey kong up so good
Streets would burn and the proletariat would strike.
Bullish
Millions of pennies?
If by basement you mean Manhattan Beach office building and by two guys you mean Henrik Fisker, you’d be correct
Yusss
No
[deleted]
I believe these are all due to lockdowns and subsequent fears 

Italy, France and the just recently the UK, all those dips look like they correlate with the country announcements. The rest took a dip with the news too

Edit: it essentially says the same in the article
Strike? I have 430 and sweating
You want the knock off version from Wish
NIO options got a 5 minute delay on robinhood after open
Giraffeish
Whats with the bearish sentiment towards NIO
Fskr play is retarded OTM calls for a month or two out with no more than a small percentage of your account.
Sold half at 42 and sold the rest yesterday at 48
Buy spreads. The IV will crush you
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO holy fuck
🌈🐻 should pay carbon tax because of how much fucking money they burn being Debbie Downers
they setting up for future tendies
It was for military stocks
You have zero clue, they're actually more expensive than Tesla and quality matches Mercedes and BMWs easily. Go read a review.
idiots looking at EPS instead of seeing they landed new gov't contracts
Where have you been?
Investors are looking for cash to use and a safety. Not good for the markets.
Idk, seems like 14 is a floor.
👻😆
[removed]
[deleted]
SPAC shit
This x 100
Don’t worry cause nobody is swiping right for you.
People are just going to increasingly gamble with riskier plays, not take profit, etc. etc. and yes, one red day and it is going to thanos snap the WSB galaxy
Because they have like 10 customers?
*cardboard box behind Wendy's 

I fixed it for you. Simple mistake, no problem.
the accuracy
Lol @ people actually mad about the NIO shilling. Everyone complains that the sub is dying and no good DD is posted. We are literally giving you 200%+ plays and you’re ignoring it to buy RKT and DKNG. This sub truly is retarded
Lmfao my 50c for today is gonna get taken. Whatever bought at 48 sold calls for 100 and selling for a profit. I'll take it
Morgana Stanlisa downgraded
Imagine begging to be locked down 🤡

God I hate this country
I accidentally have 6 of them. I thought I sold yesterday. I bought the 356 for .45
False
Nah you gotta point. im considering blindly buying 100 share s just bc its so cheap. worst case i lose 1-200 bucks, best case it 10x in a year to $50... im gonna wait a day or two and see if it takes off a bit.

i thought nio was the golden egg but it just seems to be an EV stock, after seeing LI and XPEV.
[deleted]
Well I mean expectations of the market considering the runup, not EPS expectations.  But now I am remembering what happened with Tesla, so thank you
Where from? Vendor? Need a tiger.
Sell or hold DKNG calls at open ?
Dude same lol.
Sold NIO at 45. AMA
I feel immense fomo, fuck
Chilon
RUN UP TO $60 FOR EARNING NEXT WEEK EZ MONEY
[deleted]
degree in mechanical engineering. you understasnd as of now the power requirments on the grid to run superchargers to keep up with expected demand is literally impossible right? unless you are ready for rolling black outs like a third world country.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

also, if they are able to swap batteries in formula e and it not be a problem, i am sure it will be enough for consumer cars without those concerns you listed. again, tesla tried and failed. they wouldn't have if they didn't see it as a solution
48 0DTEs

Do it pussy
The fuck it is
The combined net worth of this sub is like $50 and a gum wrapper.
Thanks bud, you too!
13.50
Every day this week.
I spit my coffee out when the big guy on CNBC compared diversification to eating everything at the buffet
baba dumping again
Subscribed for a couple of months, kids watched all the movies, now unsubscribed.
No doubt. The products are commoditized as fuck and anybody can grow this stuff in their basement. Deregulation doesn’t really matter when there is no moat and profit margins will be shit. I also learned the hard way
🚨 RETARD ALERT 🚨
Lol, you forgot the part where you're always right.

So someone here (or elsewhere) posted something that convinced you we'd be up today
Being realistic is not fear mongering. If I were to do that I would say all sports are canceled... Maybe consider a different perspective from your own degenerate gambling views lmaoooooo
Had it on VHS and watched it so many times. I play the chase music in my head when I used to take the bus. Haha.
Can I borrow some money?  My girlfriend needs a new Louie bag.
Why is PLTR being dumped?
PTON
Hell no
Do I sell my NIO 47c at open?

Rh won’t let me purchase any other calls while I have other NIO options expiring today? Confused
Quick recommend...

After a company does well on a big ER, play the post hype after during this Covid era. MMs are squeezing and theta cucking shorts. Ive capitalised on post good news market jumps like seen on LYFT...stick with the hot hand.

Imprint this through rest of 2020...


"Trend is your friend"
When you buy it'll play the stop, drop, and roll game on you
Damn LI , just hold a lil
Wait, I am that tho
Good luck bro
Zm is deadass going to ruin my Friday. You fucking mother fuckers
Says the gay bears forum. 👎
NIO makes Tesla look like a penny stock from a valuation perspective.
ah its all good man, profit is profit. Gains are Gains. I think that we gotta be cognizant of that fact. Being greedy or chasing stuff is what makes people lose it all. We now know the outcome so its easy to say "I could have made so much more" but there are another infinite outcomes where I could have lost money too.
[deleted]
4x less than the percentage increase of nio this year .... i smell a big drop
King Karen
you think we get over 347.50 ?

&#x200B;

huge resistance line all year
Seriously, was up 1% like an hour ago
Nice
Do what...?
Man, I just hope it’s not another lk/spce and it just starts falling, and I hope you retards monitor it non stop to prevent fat loss
Try a FSR yolo?
This Chinese EV fomo is getting absolutely ridiculously out of hand. They might even continue to run but damn, it just seems like even ONE moderate down day will literally wipe out millions from this sub.
🥲 nope
DKNG $60 EOY
that’s my plan
Bear in bulls clothing 😂
Everything about fisker screams scam
Buy the post earnings dip, forget about it, and sell at the pre-earnings spike next time. Rinse and repeat.
Okay so half of WSB posts are NIO gains today.  Whenever I notice the frontpage hitting it rich on a specific stock, I buy puts.  So what strike / expiry should we get?
Jeebus I went the other direction 8k and did calls everywhere .
Spy bleeds out before open...as is tradition
“Sold naked nio calls” damn u kinda mentally challenged huh
May be a good buying opportunity. Guess we will find out soon.
I trusted 3 chinese electric vehicle tickers but for some reason i find FSR sus as fuck
Puts
Are they LEAPs?
Ayx
[removed]
Disney thinks they got something with their  premium release stream. Which one of you fuckers paid $30 to watch Mulan?
Silly me, I forgot 75% of this sub lives in their moms basement, and as one user pointed out a few live in their grandmothers basement.  In that case, carry on then.
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327250296742031364?s=19

🙄
So lackluster these days. I got trapped by yesterday pump with 430 calls. RIP to me.
momo
NIO has been a money printer for me

Too bad my other bad decisions worked against that.
Ya but Tesla
It will deliver
Well it's been pumping for a very, very long time, with products rolling out and beating sales.... MANY TENDIES WERE MADE!!!!!
thanks
Power hour will take it back to $15
If a damn Door Dash driver knows about NIO, that shit is overvalued and due to drop significantly!
I love getting money
I know bro she gives me the same type of support, she's an amazing woman.
Market looks like it wants to take a dump at open.
Whenever I go outside at night, the city is crawling with people delivering food. They're the only ones out and they are everywhere. It has a kind of post-apocalyptic vibe to it. Boggles my mind that people are spending this much money during a time where supposedly no one has jobs.
Theta swings on nio options like crazy
Being rich gets you laid. Talking about your perceived richness gets you rejections. Learn the diff
dip of a lifetime here in NIO get in while you can
Shitty Think-or-Swim level 2 data
Did he not know about IV grush
Wait for PLTR to correct to 12-13 then buy LEAPs?
142 trades from a $1000 start
But my calls expire 20/11... will it reach 25 by then... 😅
[removed]
Die pltr dieeeeeee
That just how it be
Draft kings?
Knee Oh
Those additional shares are purchased by the brokerages.

The Market works on the principal of Supply and Demand.  The more shares there are available to buy, the cheaper the price is.  As people buy those shares up, it increases Demand and the prices increases in accordance.
What’s up with zoom?
There is no other play there is only 👁👄👁 NIO
Li dumping from 41 makes me sick to my whole stomach. 200% gains to like 50% 😩😩😩😩😩
Stop fear mongering. The NBA did a great job handling COVID before. That's the one league I'm not worried about.
Damn bother it’s all good I was planning on buying puts with lol the bad news that’s happening but wtf it open green
FSLY making me so much money today and yesterday, I bout 18 contracts when it was 66 now 80$
Rest in pepperonis GME Bagholders
Been super euphoric in here. You know what that means
Sauce
Dont give them the details, just give them the money.. but then if you have to give money for some company, hire an escort and you can see the back of them in 2 hours instead of having to deal with them 20 hrs a day
Elon why do you do this to yourself. you loook like a fucking dumbass
Hows the keyboard compares to butterfly? I got a 2018 Air and i hate the butterfly so much i might change.
PLTR or PSTH
was going to sell my 11/20 47P at open with that huge rocket boost PM, now I'm thinking about holding until noon at least
This should print for you, unless you cut it when AMZN mooned very briefly last Monday
I haven't been paying attention to this NIO thing at all, but it looks like a major pump and dump operation...
0dte spy calls at open. Go big or go home
ARKQ is the only one I've seen so far. But it's heavy towards TSLA
TSLA fading bigly
Record number of cases every day.

Massive holidays ahead.

No stimulus.

No fucking idea who will president on 20 Jan. Is it Trump? Biden? Pelosi?

Jpow goes brrrrrrrrr
Jesus christ we're fucked
Oh wow. Ouch. Yeah that would sting much more than what I got going on haha
You guys have homes?
Fisker is a scam run by two guys in a basement somewhere
👁❤️💴
Can you sell options on RH premarket? My standing order would suggest no?
I sold naked NIO calls last week and bought them back up 60% on Tuesday. I would be down 300% today so I feel good.
My door dash driver told me there’s a NIO pump and dump incoming. 

Get your puts ready you fat fucks
Ready to add more KB calls
🎶 Whatcha gonna do when you get out of jail? I'm gonna have some fun, fun 🎶
There’s a reason, and it’s because they did a second offering at $42/share. User base growth is the most important thing to DraftKings rn
Holding my SPY Puts till next Wednesday. I refuse to believe the market can keep going up. I refuse. This makes no ducking sense. What the fuck is going on
FINE OKAY I'LL BUY NIO. JUST PLEASE STOP
Give me a play other than NIO
yeah, all 3 chinese ev's are selling off this morning, hopefully at open this dip gets bought and another moon mission continues from here
Sentiment?
Lmaooo. NIO
All of my watch list is green except PLTR lmao
Buy some GME, need this stock to move.
Trump executive order
Historical P/E is 15. Do you think Disney has doubled in value since the virus? It’s crazy.
oh you already know

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPNEJVDGEHI&app=desktop
>dix went up

Heh.
yeah that should be *3, not *2.  I fat fingered it
Shaking out the weak before 55
Hi bb. I like your swol gainz
lolol
I bought 77 Jan 30Cs when they were 1.7/1.8 - sold for about 42K. At one point yesterday they were worth 150K lol
Chinese Elon.


.....Chelon, if you will.
#
That exact greed is why the NBA continues to lose viewership. Good luck justifying basketball games with 250k cases a day. And just wait until someone notable dies from COVID. It’s pretty foolish to think there not a strong possibility it will be delayed until at least Jan
He's also a fucktard....so there's that. And so help me God don't tell me how much money he's worth..... irrelevant....he dum
Spotify do something will ya
Happy Friday guys, hope you catch a win to go into the weekend on. 😎
Some day I’m going to hit it big on one of my plays, make it to the front page with my chart, but I’ll still come back every once in awhile and shitpost with the boys. I won’t let the money, the yachts, or the thots go to my head, I’ll stay true to my roots. Who am I kidding, if I ever hit it big I’m running from you degenerates and never looking back.
  

It’s over PLTR Call holders, I have the higher ground
this is the way when you lose money
How do you find this info?
Yeah
Watch nio dip HARD at open, like -5% territory and then end 5% up
How is it supposed to moon when none of the players are old enough to have robinhood accounts?
I need a headcount. Who thinks NIO is going up? Say “I love money”. Who thinks NIO is going down? Say “I love getting rammed”
[deleted]
Gonna need to borrow your poop knife for that
Oops yea I literally just woke up, ignore my dumbass
0dte MFER
Yes you do. You would be long the ITM call. You know what happens when you are long 1 ITM at expiration right? Every broker knows how to handle this except probably Robinhood.
If you are long into the worst q4 in modern history, you deserve whats about to happen to you.
Gimme 5 to load up on puts
Well clearly most investors don’t see it that way
Sheeeiiiiittttt I’m about to go buy my girl some nice shit with this NIO profit, so by default she’s going to give a shit about it 😤
No matter what happens, just know that you’re not a NIO 0dte 44p at 9:30 and y’all still have some value
Too late to buy shares you think?
The fact that Nasdaq isn’t leading futures actually kinda worries me a bit. May be some sell off at open
YOU HAVE A WONDERFULLY SPLENDID DAY AS WELL
It's fading fast though
Just buy the new etf MOON (seriously)
How long are you guys holding NIO puts for? at least monday?
All I hear from NIO doubters are if this, if that, if.... bro I’m about to be up 200%

WE MOONIN
45c doesn’t have 1.0 delta. Not last night.
Be curious to see how they do next quarter. Obviously not worth what nio or tsla will be but can still be up there
 You better pray Trump bans China altogether
So don’t buy them is what you’re saying, was really hoping to bet on an earnings sell off
u/ElonMusk listening to Astronomia right now
Trading with the trend works for everything, the trick is seeing when it's going to reverse, or when it goes into a trading range.  Also, look at various time frames to confirm what you think you're seeing.

I could recommend some materials to check out, but there are cases to be made against everything, so it would just be attacked / shot down.  Instead I'll suggest for you to look into "price action".
FSR about to be explode like XPEV / NIO / LI

Don’t miss those free Fisker trendies boys
NIO is going to keep rallying because these bears keep throwing fucking money into an incinerator thinking they’re outsmarting the market
the car looks amazing it’s a great rival for Tesla because they need to step their game up XPEV cars look amazing. And it’s a fucking value atm cheap AF so much room to grow... but don’t neglect $Li auto 🤙🏼🤙🏼🤙🏼K nD I is another one you should check out great value also with a lot of room to grow
Like my scent?
163k new cases of coronavirus in the US yesterday. Lock us the fuck down pussies!
Because how tf is a Skype link worth 100 billion dollars
have a seat
You got no choice but to let it expire. Your contracts are going to be 0. Did you bother looking at the IV?
Could just be his levels are very low. Could be he’s just getting over it. He was super pale on battery day
Sell 11/20 50c NIO at open?
My gay ass was thinking the same thing, you think I would have learned from spending all June/July buying TSLA puts.
Please NIO hold on so I can sell at open
Let's have a real good time! Let's have a real good time....
Got it. Appreciate the answer! But how is that different than the public just buying a share on a brokerage right now?
Guys, I thought profits were supposed to get you laid

I showed my wife's boyfriend my NIO gains and he just told me that now I can afford to buy myself a PS5 instead of him.
Ahhh poor and has kids...so American
Shits gonna be wild when NIO turns into luckin coffee 2.0 lol
Here it comes my first red day after nine straight green days. PLTR and BIGC 😭
What’s PLTR going to be like, end of day prices go!
[deleted]
I love that cat meme with the guy and the drum

I will never NOT listen to it
Will we even be able to take profits at open on NIO
IV bruh...
I like the red cups.
[Galaxy s30 ultra sold on wish.com. The newest company in ipo offerings](https://i.imgur.com/Ss0xGjm.png)
[deleted]
It’s going to reach 60 today buy in or miss out
NIO said I’ll take a nap right here
Dude... i sold my NIO at 44c for massive profits.... was going to buy back in when it dropped.... LOL. I feel stupid. Oh well.... profit is profit.
Yah, I've been holding these about a week now.  I have some longer-dated EXP puts on DE, PG though (Dec)
Will today be the extinction of the NIOanderthal? 

Or do we continue this moon mission?
And I also like this
Venezuela
Vix is oversold
[deleted]
100% Biden won bro
[deleted]
SPY has opened @ around 355 all fucking week😂
Arkk arkq
I need to learn how to use this tool
I like this
You’re a fucking absolute retard lmao
So....play it like Nikola or NIO?
With the Wall Street bets guy underneath
All you RKT bagholders like me, I'm expecting a run up to 23/24 over the next couple of months, meeting resistance from all the other bag holders taking the chance to exit. Is it crazy to hope for 25 by end of Jan?
Party’s over, wrap up NIO gains
>Not exactly a ringing endorsement for the medical research community.

The only people who see this and think "I can't trust the medical research community" were already antivaxxers.

Also just further proof Elon is a Karen
Ok, just need a 2% drop in spy to save my 11/13s
It's going to let me buy my covered calls back on the cheap
I’d get it tattooed on me if it did .
Let's get it
Just light a grand in paper money on fire it’ll be faster
Tremendous fomo potential today.
How tf is ZM dropping when we’re on the verge of more covid lockdowns
CUT THE SHIT
This tard is dumber than a bag of dildos
[removed]
Do you like money ?
because driving 2 block down the road n save 20$ is so inconvenient.  and millennial wonder why they can't buy houses or pay off student loan.

got to have my avocado toast.
Maybe if she takes him home to meet her dad
Basketball isn't getting delayed with how much money is on the line
Are my PLTR Calls fuked
PALANTITTIES BLOD RED

🐻
Up 16% is dumping. Never change WSB
sell half and roll other half
The less they know about how you made the money the better. I assume you didn't tell her about your time behind the Wendy's.
market share
[deleted]
Absolutely no movement from 3555-3560
That would make them the fifth largest company in the world with over a trillion dollar market cap...LOL
Pick her up in a Lambo, they don't want to hear it, they want to see it.
Stock twits > Webull > WSB in order for most to least autism
God I hope that guy with the $100k 16C 11/13  PLTR yolo held. Absolute legend.
Bro awesome movie
Yo momma
>!IT SMELL LIKE BITCH IN HERE!<
If I don’t get to 7 figures off the roblox ipo I’m quitting
SPY calls YESTERDAY before close
Tsla  $350 to $2200 this year
Lol. Yeah, I do think there's a drop coming but fuxk knows when, likely a minor pullback next week. Literally everything that the market was scared of is happening, unsmooth transition, election fraud allegations, covid rising... But I'm scared to start shorting some shit too soon, might just double down on that put every two weeks.
Ty for input homie.  So far I’m leaning in your direction. I’ve been building up this trade for three weeks and just wanna move on with my life
Nio shoots down to 21$ today.
Mods ban this garbage
“Shutdown” like the majority of people don’t shut down for the holiday season anyways lol Christmas spirit is bullish as fuck
Watch it get memes on TikTok or something and moon hard as fuck
After the war, they invested a cunt-load of money into Japan's infrastructure to foster the modern economy that it has today. 

Same thing with SK. Both were for geopolitical reasons yes but the point I'm making is that it was an expansion of culture and ideas that lead to learning and innovation - and (at least after 45) no one was trying to murder each other.  


>America did it pretty right save for our treatment of native Americans. 

America did it pretty right save for the fact they killed everyone who was there before? 

Even Leopold wasn't that bad. At least Congolese people still exist in reasonable numbers - and have statehood.

And btw America didn't learn shit from the Native Americans. Look at they did in the Philippines, Cuba, Nicaragua, Hawaii, etc.

Save for a couple of exceptions with America it's not the carrot or the stick, it's the stick or the boomstick.
That sounds like Financial Mumbo Jumbo. To the moon we go!
to celebrate NIO, consider PandaExpress as a dining option for your date
Well it’s PM but yea
Next meme stock
Basically the company will sell a large amount of shares to the public which lowers the price due to increased volume.  It's a tool that a publicly traded company may use in situations where their stock increases unexpectedly like this to generate operating capital.
Chinese EV bears lmaooooooo
Ok. But without knowing for sure, the first half of the day looked like we were bouncing off resistance upward. And wouldn't overnight be the time to go through the support? Lure everyone into thinking we're holding and then bam
I won't, friday selloff incoming
Ride that shit to expiry
this is the way
Yes
How exactly do you "escape taxes" on a gain like this? I don't think it's possible, unless you're talking about some convoluted scheme to immediately buy real estate or some sham business, and claim a huge amount of paper losses or deductions. 

Then you've got a headache about managing THAT whole charade. So you create yet another charade when the tax bill for your first charade comes due. 

30 years later, you're $1 billion in debt to the Russians, you're President of the United States, and the New York Times is clamoring to publish your tax returns. Is that what you really want?

Btw major congrats OP.
Why are NIO puts so expensive now Jesus Christ I can’t afford more than one contract
[deleted]
LEAPs are too boring for me I end up selling a day later so I can lose money on a weekly
It’ll go back up
Please be talking about nio!
Buy shares, hold 10 years, thank me later
> most likely

Go back to Facebook
Cash in on a majority of them so you get out clean and you can ride some out. Nothing wrong with selling all of theme either
So calls on PTON then? Rona stocks are back on the menu?
[deleted]
If you already have iphone/ipad, its a no brainer. The ecosystem integrates seamlessly between all your apple devices. I can start texting via iMessage app from my iPhone and continue it on my iPad and MacBook and the iMessages update simultaneously on all devices. Same with document access/editing. I pay $2.99 for 200GB iCloud storage that can be shared across all your devices and your family members. You save the document on one device, it’s available on another device seamlessly.

But the best thing is the M1 chip. Ridiculous battery life, and ridiculous performance. They clocked better performance on m1 MacBook Air than all of 2019 MacBook Pro lineup with Intel chips.
BtD
420
The experts are r/smallstreetbets might be able to assist you
Lmao imagine still doubting NIO. 5% at open
Cramer is hilarious
*Breaking: DoorDash files S1 to go public.

https://twitter.com/billymcfarlend/status/1327246261615988738?s=21

Airbnb will do next week.
Do you want me to use my orange crayons or my blue crayons?
Huge meme stock potential imo
Just make your own stimulus check here bro. With stonks
[deleted]
Rapid test. Known for false negatives. False positives are rare. He has it.
I believe what you are looking for is a compound interest calculator
NIO puts. Change my mind.
F
You ever go into webull comments and realize that wsb is somehow not the most autistic place on the internet?
Yoloing FSR today at open. We’ll see how it goes
You’re lying. You hvnat spoken to a girl
Theee or two
thats not just marketing its gota be including all the deals they made with sports teams and shit. future revenue
What are the best automation companies &/or ETF’s? Automation growth is going to accelerate and play an even bigger role in production post-pandemic IMO...
All in for March dudez
that comment has been repeated ad naseum this week
[deleted]
Li dumped so hard. Wtf
**9AM LETS HAVE A GREAT DAY EVERYONE**
SPY open @ 356 

said this last night as a wild guess and it turns out i might be STILL be wrong
Buy retarded OTM calls a month out
HAIL the next ICLN
ugh I just want a PS5 before our inevitable lockdown.. i guess I'll just have to buy NIO calls instead and buy sony
uhh no not really before all these apps the restaurant would deliver things themselves for free. just add a tip.

now menu prices are inflated plus service fee plus delivery fee plus tip
Neverending wave.
Go trade Boeing then dumbass.
What’s his name?
SPY up or down at open?
Similar happening in CO. Nearly all major districts are shiutying down after Thanksgiving
Oh dw I could never justify that shit either, my food goes through too many hands ordering from a restaurant as is, wouldn’t trust another set to get it delivered to me, especially now
The autists are what give it value
Me and my homies hate volume 😤
what’s funny about this
Thoughts about FSR?
Sell fast.
Just get a house 4Head
I like how you don’t even need to tell us which stock.
Lol I agree with you. I was being facetious. I own 1400 shares of baba and 1100 of CWEB. I'm as all into china as you can be
That M1 chip is the real deal.  Very nice imo
One.
Whoever said being rich gets you girls lied. I told this girl about my profit from NIO calls and she couldn't care less
If 1200 is a lot you shouldn't be here.
The rapid test is ass. He needs a PCR to confirm.
This is good right? Means stonk go up
hold
Congrats to those that held calls, gonna be raking it in at open: https://optionstrat.com/build/long-call/NIO
Cash in.
Musk tested for Rona 4 times in one day:  two positives and two negatives.  Not exactly a ringing endorsement for the medical research community.
Sell and then buy more further out

$70 tgt
😂😂😂
[removed]
Very little. They want to cap the stimmy at 1 trillion
Nio driving with infinite big dick energy !
I sold mine yesterday on accident
Same question.
Nikola uses gravity sooooo
I’d imagine anyone under 45k a year will be getting another stimulus check. That’s based on a headline from months ago though so what do I know.
Yeah I’m bullish short term, bearish long term. Agreed with going with longer dated bear positions, hopefully you didn’t enter them yesterday.
I’m surprised ANYone buys their shit
i forgot the exact amount of trades you need to make 5% on to reach a million , does anyone here remember what im talking about and remember the amount of trades?
I need a flash crash of 10 bucks. If you’re reading this, you know what to do
Zm calls
What does a stock offering do?
Yeah great series
You'd think after what feels like a year of pumping it, and it actually skyrocketing, it'd be punished by now; but alas, its still gd marsing
Imagine chinese EVs going up endlessly.  In all seriousness i would trust these people with any of their numbers.
Man the way it’s been flat for the past hr or so really makes me want to believe that. Like it’s Holding out till open so MM’s can cash out
 

# Stock futures rise as traders eye virus spread. 

calls on everything!
Baseballs over, basketball may be delayed, football is weak as fuck. Too optimistic with too many risks coming up
Please god let me sell these LI calls before the morning dump
Those places failed to capitalize on the trend🤷🏻‍♂️
Gotta remember to put some money aside for the Roblox IPO. Might be the biggest meme stock yet.
At least FIVE states announcing shut downs this afternoon... $SPY 400 EOD
$800 spending power- what to drop it on for maximum profits???
yeah pretty much only use it if i get free delivery and there’s some extra promo code they give me
Almost none. Divided government bro
He's definitely solid on engineering and mechanical side of science and has well succeeded at that but probably a bit too dismissive at when it comes to biology and virology. Probably could include psychology and sociology into that stew as well.

Still love daddy Elon
[deleted]
Long FSR
Nio has more downside because ccp can pull the rug any moment on nio if Chinese Elon pisses them off
What about all the Chinese that dont live in China, seriously no type of FB or Insta pages for companies worth more than Mercedes Benz????  Any pics of any on Chinese roads??
Yea you wouldn’t want to play EV as that’s where all the volume is.
It's spelled Neo to those whom stop bullets to their portfolio
Real talk:  I have more DKNG options than I’m comfortable with.  60x 50C for next Friday.  Cash in, roll forward, or diamond hands? Advice please.
Agreed
Dont chase. If you are, wait for the 10am profit taking on tech sector. 

Recommend LSCC
Pltr puts
NIO really said aight imma dip
[deleted]
Ive missed like 3 moons because of it :/
It’s Friday everyone is happy.
[deleted]
0dte nio straddle at the money. We know it moves like crazy and we wont care what direction it goes as long as it sticks to it.
All in on Lowes LEAPs
Did you know there’s a stock that can generate 1000% returns this week? It’s not #feelsgood. Subscribe to our premium newsletter to find out now!
Ah shit shoulda held my nio calls that would have expired today. Guess 200% profit’s alright i suppose
jesus christ...someone ban me please
im like: NIO fukkit - 1000 eom
Imagine giving thanks
Hold for $50.
[deleted]
Fsly
They made their $46 target after it had already run up to the mid 40s
She’ll realise you’re just a retard
SPY premarket up 0.69% on a Friday, we gonna fawk today bois
What is the salary If you don’t mind my asking? For London it must be pretty high
[deleted]
One guess
I appreciate you 🙃
Pennsylvania schools shutdown, last physical day to day, all non essential Buisnesses shutdown within 1- 3 weeks. BULLISH AF
Congrats! Are you gonna play MYOV, too?
Why not? Good way to help states with budget deficits.
Nio said: bedtime
Ok keep staying on the sidelines while Disney creeps up to $200. Ive been in since $100 and it’s still massively undervalued.
I sold most yesterday and im selling the rest today. Too many times ive lost unrealized gains... theres always another trade
Balls deep in FSR
You got any money?
This message has been brought to you by carrier pigeon
Sports will not end. Europe is swimming in COVID yet soccer is going full strength. They will improve their testing and maybe quarantine players as well as other measures.
[deleted]
Truth
You’re going to make everyone on here homeless with these suggestions
[deleted]
Wait, Wish is IPOing???

That scam ass company that i'm surprised hasn't been shut down the Government is being allowed to IPO? The company that knows they are getting faked goods being sold as legitimate goods are being allowed to go public?

99.99999% of their shit is just Aliexpress shit. It's a baby amazon with a worse interface and shittier Chinese knockoffs
yeah i know i just can’t really justify that either way 

pretty much only use it if i have some promo code
Cheap Chinese knock off but okay
What a time to be alive
I’ve played so many earning before where the company comes out with a great report only for the stock to take a huge dump on my chest and leg down the next morning at open. I’m betting NIO does the same for once
[deleted]
Take your NIO profits before earnings. Reenter sometime within 2 weeks after earnings.
Better safe than sorry
Any ideas on 0DTE plays today?
I need to look more into them. 

Think they’re on the same level?
This is cute. Also, this thread is proof that it is physically impossible for men to be nice to each other.
The year is 2045. The Chinavirus has mutated into a sentient killing machine, hellbent on the destruction of the United States of Amazon. E-scavengers pick clean the cybernetic body of the once powerful Elon Musk, having succumbed to the virus after it tore through his Cybertruck’s 32 inch titanium alloy hull and ripped his GMO free replicant heart out of his chest.
I have not seen this meme format in so long.... I was there 3000 years ago
[deleted]
Never placed a call before. Tell me what to do for house plz
It was sweet when you could get 50% off and free delivery every order. Paying less than going out to the store was totally worth it lmao
We've been doing that with Pizza and Chinese Food (Without quadrupling the cost) for a longgggg time
> I'm investing in the team and the vision.

A guy who spent tens of millions in a FloridaMan lawsuit over a Hulk Hogan sex tape involving a guy named "Bubba The Love Sponge" because a celeb mag called him a homo.

Inexplicably, he's big into seasteading.
Funny how I’ve normalized spending thousands of dollars on options but I don’t like spending 5 dollars on things I need like soap or deodorant
I think you have better odds than my $17c 11/20 pltr
Enjoy it while it lasts
NIO sell off boys. Too many autists on it for it to have value
Ah bro, what internets are you using? ATM vertical debit call spread at SPX/SPY is always a good choice.
No...enjoy the short squeeze
Wait that’s not Robinhood
Look I’m gonna hedge this EV bubble somehow and just fucking net 10gs or more a week and when it pops lose 20gs after I made 50 and net 30gs
[deleted]
Sell DKNG calls at open or hold for a little bit?
Idk
You can't get fucked in either scenario.
It’ll go above the high pre market price relax
So you're buying NIO Calls?
Ok don’t say I didn’t want you bud.
whats it done YTD
Cramer having cold sweats remembering he told boomers to buy TSLA instead of NIO
Why would it ever become legal federally?
Fees are cheap
DraftKings revenue for 3rd Quarter: $133 million.  

Amount DraftKings spent on marketing in the 3rd Quarter: $191 million. 

LOLOL
F
Was gonna say, it’s gotten to the point where when someone under 70 says they have covid im just like “ah shit, speedy recovery!”

It’s always huge news when a celeb gets covid but when they recover, which they always do, it’s never the case.
Wanna build a new pc to trade on, but also know I’ll just sit at it and use my phone
I’m retarded for selling TDOC at 178 after buying in at 170 🤦🏽
That makes me feel better there are still bears out there. 
May the best autist win
I’ve used doordash twice. The first time the food was terribly cold. The second time the driver or food place forgot my wife’s meal.

Not ever using their product again.

Maybe the IPO goes well, but I’m with you, not touching it.
GTEC
Rule to live by...

Trend is your friend
Imagine punch fisting a turkey with toasted bread
Hi I would like to make a money. What do. No EV's as I'm Amish.
[deleted]
I'm holding bb
Just buy both. About 2 months ago I put 10k in NIO, 5K in XPEV, and 5k in LI. Not disappointed.
[deleted]
You’re also paying for convenience
What are the actual chances that we get $1200 checks within the next 6 months? I need to justify some purchases with future income like a responsible, degenerate adult ofc
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
wait till earnings call
Bother!
Never too late for SOLO!

$20 EOCentury
Sell in premarket, buy NIO at 9:40-45 AM dip
Watching porn rn. Calls on my dick it's going way up.
Yeah bro! That’s the spirit!
How the Sunday million is always sold out
Ayyy yo fuck head! Use fancy high % dark chocolate as a substitute for any cigarette/nicotine cravings. I’m 2 weeks in as new non smoker, shits working.
Sell my nio 1/21 60 calls or hold?
http://imgur.com/gallery/PyCArLf
Americans depending on GoFundMe for basic healthcare. We're living the libertarian dream boys.
I needed that. Glad to see someone more retarded than me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It is at least reassuring to see that have genuine respect for one another and still seem to care.  My parent's divorce was not healthy, at all...
User name checks out
I belong here for buying those NIO puts yesterday
You takin her to Wendy’s?
Yeah as my account has grown fills have become much more of an issue
Time to sell puts to have more money with which to buy calls
Except sports are ending and they have limited revenue until spring? There’s a reason it went down to 40
No female will want to live in the middle of nowhere with you
"Something extremely bogus". What a fucking idiot.
Yes but if he wins this ruling he will most likely win mi and the others. Not saying it’s gonna happen  just say what will happen if it does
Amazing that people have normalized spending $30 on a burrito delivered on food delivery apps with all the fees and tip.
Where have we heard this one before?
no. its the rate the price increases x the % of how dumb you are + fakenewz
Genuinely insane how much DKNG did in revenue this quarter considering  they are only accessible to 20% of the population. It's hard to deny the long-term upside DKNG provides once sports betting becomes legalized on a federal level.
Red states like Tennessee and Alabama are literal welfare states living off blue states CA and NY. Lmao.
There's like 5 things wrong with this comment
Sometimes I read people’s comments and literally say thank you out loud, there’s others that legit have me laughing, and then there’s those people who comments have me wondering if the government pays people to be nothing but a distraction
Yep don't fight the trend
i was talking about spy.
[deleted]
Their profitability and delivery numbers have already almost guaranteed them beating expectations by 20-30%
Puts on all except Roblox
I can see it mooning but I just can’t get past how ridiculous those things look. I’ll hate every tendie I make on it so I’ll pass
Ummmm Tesla? This ain’t SPCE....yet
Its best not to think about it too much. Chinese evs come in threes
I have, which is why I'm so bearish.  Granted in hindsight, I should have chosen a longer EXP, but there's major negative divergence in the daily charts on all of the indexes.  Drop is coming, I just wish I had some indicator to clue me in better as to when...
Sell my DKNG 1/15 50c at open or hold for a few more weeks?
:(
Thanks. Still 2 weeks to run up
It's payday so if you could crash the market so I can find good deals that be awesome.
The only way I would sell my NIO and XPEV longdated calls today is if i think I can buy them back at a much better price.
/smallstreetbets you fucking poor
Another salty retard
The gain porn is making me want to FOMO into it.
PM opens, NIO spike to $55.
[deleted]
Me with XPEV :(
Drop in the bucket 😅
Interesting. So you’re expecting both to be bullish ?
Sell strangles and cover w/shares.
Don't sell
Not really lol
so zoom puts? i mean everytime a vaccine comes out, zoom prolly gonna get hit, right
>  fatality
> 
> depends on the country, I hope he is not in Italy at the moment

This is because italy's healthcare system is overrun with covid. The average 49 year old Italian can't get the health care Musk will.
That would be pretty awesome
This sub:”How does NIO keep pumping?!”

Meanwhile, this ENTIRE sub:BUYBUYBUY
COME ON KONG
Same said about Tesla and NIO, scared money is no money
DKNG has no real resistance until $50. Stay diamond.
Why did I take some profits on my
NIO may calls yesterday? Oh well we’re up 150%
Should be fine. I see a nice channel on the 1MO chart
Diamond hand
Is it too late for SOLO?
Bro fuck california. Move to Nevada, Texas, Wyoming, Florida... no state income taxes and cheap as shit
versus the highly respectable us companies who regularly make moves that shit on shareholders
Today's gonna be a good fucking day
Guh. Plz go up. I think it will during market hours. Been a few articles on it lately. Poke it w a stick maybe it start running. My 11/20s depend on it... Smh
So now my instinct is to buy calls. But I’m retarded. So I should buy more puts to inverse myself.
Cutting edge technology in batteries in both civilian and military applications.
It's up 1.09% premarket.
Fellas I have a date tonight at 7:30 but I have to be honest, I’m more excited for 9:30 because NIO is going to the fucking MOON!
Hi I have a question: when analysts consensus gives EPS estimate is it based off current share price or is it done completely bottom up (regardless of current mkt capitalization)?
This should be a national slogan
[deleted]
[deleted]
M1 isn’t really 1st gen.  It’s the iPhone A14 chip on steroids.
You have to be 18 to post here.
It's as far from communism as possible.
CISCO pumping fool :)
I'm embarrassed for him...  Whining to a chick "I wish the system would work".   Sure she'll be in for the long run
Sell if you want to collect some premiums, just buy it in the open market 

Just exercise it if it’s deep ITM and like 1 hour before expiration
The vaccine pump faded quickly? Are you talking about any particular stock because all of the indexes are still mostly enjoying the high numbers from the vaccine pump?
61, Bob
I have heard December
tesla is no longer a growth stock, it's valuation is already priced in for the next 20 years.  nothing but down from here as more competition arises.

Nio is the way.
i wouldnt jump in unless you were aiming for 50c by 3/21
As in when it expires worthless? Being bearish is good and great, but zoom out on the index charts.
Did you like invest all of your savings into a single company every time with no diversification? How do you lose 100%, I don’t get it, did you only trade in options or CFDs?
It needs to be deadly first, right...?
Two weeks for these PLTR cheap puts to work out. My PLTR leaps seems safe.
I assume analysts will give their updates on DKNG Monday/Tuesday?
70
dump NIO fds at open?
what about the pump to 364
Well technically it is called Weight *Watchers,* instead of Weight *Losers.*
Fuck no
If you promise not to constantly delete comments I'm trying to reply to I'm game. Might take a few minutes to reply cause I have some distractions to deal with. Hope you don't mind
The key is buying calls before it goes up ten percent not after lmao
Imagine having thanksgiving
Definitely. Whatever you want to call it don’t tell people! 

You shouldn’t be calling it anything cuz you’re not telling people about it
Literally got up at 6am saw that shit and couldn’t go back to sleep 🥺
Where have I seen this before???
Just learned about these things called “shares” which are safer buys capable of making you money “after-hours”

bunch of pussy shit lmao
Yeah that's about as green as I expected pre-market to be. Would not be surprised by a terrible, horrible, no good, very red day.
Bought 9k worth of FSLY DKNG LI NIO XPEV calls on Monday ,sold on Tuesday. 🧻 🙌 🤡
Air bnb ain’t IPOing nigga
Lmfaoooooooo this joke has me more dead than baba
I’m buying some calls today so you’re good, will immediately Tank after I do that
How are we green
DO THEY WANT THE SHARES!?!?!?!!?!!
It literally doesn't matter what happened in PA, they're unneeded electoral votes.
You’re gonna be saying this every 10 dollar increase until 100
spy only goes up brother
Yep, acknowledging that an incredibly popular app is incredibly popular makes me a teenager.
He won’t bend the knee because when you’re gonna be a billionaire anyway your ideals are more important to you. But he doesn’t need to. CCP can only justify a relatively mild scenario. What happened was that everyone’s fear that already resulted in BABA being severely undervalued materialized. Once it’s out that scenario will be mild BABA will rocket way past its previous highs. Even at a medium scenario it will. All it needs is for it to become clear that CCP doesn’t plan to completely fuck them over, which they don’t. Because even the leftists know money is king.
Cramer is high off his *ass* rn lmaooo
They are all cooking the books imho... but hey FOMO’ing works until it doesn’t lol
Lol I wish I doubt it. But credit is getting tighter and tighter.
First time I’ve been hitting nothing but net. It’s great
ZM does this all the time up 1% down 1% PM the first 5 mins IS what matters it will either dump or pump heavy
Imagine infecting your whole family on Thanksgiving
Fuck you feelings
I would take profits. They are for sure overextended
u/cydworth 's diary?
“Rotating” bruh you think big money moves their positions around on the daily like that. Nah they are setting up positions for next leg up
I'm going with this for my play today
I miss the days when Tesla rose like NIO
What time is that at?
Oh hey, I remember this game! We waffle on 353-6 for two weeks and then randomly dump.
Positive vaccine news came out
Bought a bunch of DKNG 43.5c that expire today. That was a good move. Thanks to the guy that posted their user growth lol
Is the implication here that she wants her ass to be red?
do it pussy
F. I feel funny like a clown these days. Arthur. HAHAHAHAAA
Move to Arizona or Texas like everyone else
Also this sub has ruined this fucking tickr lol
Cliffs
Well played. This dude bought near the very bottom. (I think NIO’s ATL was $1.51)

Congrats fucktard.
Roblox  
Airbnb  
Affirm  
Wish  
DoorDash (not going near it)  

Fuck, December is going to be exciting!
This EV bubble is fucking sick
Okay based 👀
Buy mine at 10!
I was in China once. I went to a bar and saw this beautiful Chinese Butterfly. So I asked her for her number. She looked at me and said, “Sex-Sex-Sex-For-Free-To-Night”. 

I told her I have condom and hotel very near. She then slapped me and told me this my phone numba you sick fuck.🤷🏻‍♂️

Long story short. Buy BABA.
I know that your gonna buy gynese ev calls anyway

But i think your too fast
Don’t worry, I missed out on $55k
Ha that’s bc they are weird looking dogs
Priced to perfection
Then you’re actually blind
Hope so. Do you think Li auto is cooking the books or something? Is this a pump & dump for all these evs or do all 3 nio, li & xpev can double again in a year?
Damn bro that's dumb as hell why such short expiry
please DKNG hit 60 again!!
Probably just riding the wave, I don’t know enough to throw money at them. I’ve got NIO & TSLA shares, they’ve done well
TX is less likely to be affected by climate change. Why you think all the rich folks are moving there
I’m naked in my bathtub in butter with a portfolio full of calls wish me luck
Bought at $11...I should have bought way more. 
At least I didn't sell at a loss like I did with amd 5 years ago
Second only to their culturally enriching massage parlors
Maybe.
And super expensive
Sell Chinese ev calls at open?
And you were right
That position is already up 200% from yesterday and iv is nuts. Maybe if you posted this Monday.
Tech fading, dow getting greener, are we rotating again?
[deleted]
If William Li shows us his wiener
Yes!! I love my upside down chipotle bowls and eating spaghetti outta of a leaky brown bag.
Damn I would’ve make like 4K yesterday if I held my NIO calls longer. At least I still have shares I guess.
Why not both
Fuck you ZM you piece of shit
Single biggest market moving news today is 🍑 lawsuit ruling in pa today. If it goes his way tech will crash.
explain?
Why
Uhhh why did I sell my NIO may calls yesterday 😭
Ill switch from RH eventually. Im tired of input lag and not getting filled
I'm confident SPY will make a new ATH in the next thousand years

Why wouldn't you buy
The guy above me is a fucking dumbass^
What happen?
Elon don't give a f bout chu. Make that money.
[removed]
Just buy gold don’t be fucking broke and buy silver
Yeah I bought back a bunch aapl share on the m1 news, doubt the stock will pop off of it anytime soon but it is significant for apple long term. Their mobile chips blow their competitors out of the water.
Moment I bought LI, shiet went down 4$
How could NIO earnings possibly meet or exceed expectations?
I’ve got all my money in NIO atm, am out of money to add. Maybe now is when I join Robinhood Gold 🤔.
My spy puts are fucked. GG
Anybody buying DKNG calls today? I feel it's a good play... But I'm also retarded
Can't do that when they expire today
50.5 is NIO new support?
If you buy a house, do me a favor and use RKT
[deleted]
loved it!
Lmaooooo the comments be toxic af
We make tendies. Really though, it would mean I would meet the PDT requirements starting Monday. 🤑
Math no good here
No drop
jeeze, the dip-buying on NIO is insane!
Doordash has a really bad selection of places in NYC.
I just want to thank all the NIO bears for buying shorts and squeezing this everyday. Bless you
Go to ohio or iowa
Chinese EV’s about to sell off *hard* pre-market

*mouth salivates at FOMO buying opportunity*
Isn't rent like $3000 minimum
[deleted]
[deleted]
NFLX about to scream up to 500 after open
Best show of 2020
What America did to Japan?

We sailed our fucking navy over there and said “howdy” then they bombed us and we nuked them. Twice. 

South Korea? We sent our army there to protect them from communism and then laid down 1,000,000 anti personnel mines in the 48th parallel just to make sure communism couldn’t sneak across. 

We colonized them without them knowing it. Through superior military force. Then we set up favorable trade deals for ourselves. 

Look I’m not arguing with you. Europeans did a horrible job with colonization. America did it pretty right save for our treatment of native Americans. We learned pretty quick through this that the carrot is often better than the stick.
Like a few scary articles will crash the market lmfao
Yes help China fight climate change by pumping in billions to EV anything
Hell yeah bruv
This is your diary. Wonderful read. Good job retard
The stock market actually likes me
One last yolo to leave poverty
DKNG closed at 41.25

11/20 42c and 45c both have delta of 1.00

if the stock is up $5, are these contracts going up $5 too?
💦
\*drilling bears anally for the rest of the year
[deleted]
Emergency room?
To be fair jack ma himself is an idiot
Damn son that was an extremely cringey attempt at an insult lmao.
people don't think it be like it be, but it do
Singular?  What if it's plural? voices
Anyone else buying the $SFT dip?

Holy fuck...
*Narrator: It wasn't.*
June expiration precious metals calls till I die... it’s free money
spit roasted*
South Florida is pretty legit
Cramer is jelking.. he’s coming -sources twitter
Boomers are naive, but a lot of younger people are straight up useless. Especially younger females.
11/20p $47 checking in
You mean for 30min?
If it was a real issue the after hours market would have already sold off.
Same too
[deleted]
This!

Their business model is hidden-fees-as-a-service.

Fuck them!

Shorting them will be free money, after IPO pop ... if it even pops!
I'm actually hoping for a drop so I can pick more up. This is nuts.
my calls expire today
I'm hoping they all dump.....nio,li,xpeng.
They all ugly vehicles........and I missed out...haha!
Deflation is coming
Sorry. I gotta inverse you. Best of luck
With ccp able to manipulate baba price this much I doubt it moves like it used to
It's getting wayyyy too expensive to live in California. I really need to move some place else. Rent is getting fucking ridiculous for shitty ass apartments 🔥💵🔥
The only reason I’d change brokers from rh is to be able to buy 0dte’s
Yes when the front page is 90% PLTR/NIO spam it must be jealousy driving people to want them to shut the fuck up
I hope he is sarcastic
Wish I woke up later this morning so I didn’t have to see how high NIO got premarket
C’mon boys, lez make some tendies today!
When's the IPO date?
.5 million sell orders sitting at $51, looks like you're gonna get your dip.
you think it ever will? will these lockdowns help?
It’s up 5% I’m not *really* stressing yet lol
Gay
Noooo, nio is supported by the Chinese government rn, that’s why it’s going up. Also the new president elect is into oil alternatives. Are you trying to tell me the stock market is that predictable...
Holding COST 385C 27/11, good idea?
TA ends up becoming a self fulfilling prophecy half the time.
If you did that any other day you’d have at least 32K
You always lose money exercising. Just sell the contract
Hearing rumors that Tesla’s can cure covid. Unconfirmed though
It's WSB; we spell it "looseing"
Hey I’ve been in a coma the last couple days, can wait to see my NIO puts print
When has a Chinese rocket ever exploded? 😉
Don't goooo chaaaaaasin' NIO calls

Please stick to losing money on the 0DTE SPY FDs that you're used to
I’ve ordered it 5x this week! Never did before and love it!
I don’t think anyone would buy mine anyways
The thing about it is it helps map it out, but can be so inaccurate it’s like why bother. Here’s my point I watched a guy draw this tight wedge on spy. He said that’s it it’s either breaking out up or down but judging by equity flows and volume it’s breaking down. Okay made sense and then spy broke the wedge and headed down. Guy loaded up on puts, but then spy shot back up into its wedge and broke out to the upside the next day. So he completely changed his chart pattern because it all got thrown out.
Baba will moon after E.T. Jack Ma bends the knee to Xi
Happy fucking Friday. Finally. This week felt so long. One good thing that happened this week is I started watching Queen’s Gambit in Netflix. It’s quite legit. You have a hot redhead that plays chess. Pretty cool. Oh and I made winnings in my SPX/SPY weeklies, yea bro. Weeklies are the best drugs. Anyway... fuck I thought this was my diary.
[deleted]
What happens if she holds 50?
😂😂😂
Cant sell much when it’s at -87%
You know the comment you just posted was made possible by Chinese hardware.
Probably all the VCs were tired of getting their meals robbed
If I had those same self standards I’d be less rich than I am today.
[deleted]
Looking Like December
Sell LI at open?
yolo on solo
oh 100% I won't. Trying to ride that up on the same day
No wonder, "proud boys" is about the gayest sounding group since the village people.
I enjoy making money, so for me, quitting working for other people was enough. I don’t want to ever retire, I enjoy making money. That’s my job. When I die I stop
Priced in
I’m happy with anything as long as it doesn’t stay flat, moon or die.
Ok!
[deleted]
Gap up on open
Nice
DoorDash can suck my donkey dick!

They have the worst hidden fees of any company I have ever seen ... including financial instruments!

I will be shorting those bitches as soon as the initial IPO pop is over!
Let me rephrase. The TAM may be that big but a lot of Commercial Customers want a scalable solution not one that is custom built.  Those are expensive and hard to support long term.  Big reason why SAP is floundering and competitors likes Salesforce and Adobe are doing so well.
40. Lol.
If mid 30s, but I doubt it.
[deleted]
Just remember Michael burry from big short he was too early but hit big
[deleted]
That’s been known tho, wish announced ipo also
I mean some people retired on CCL calls. Timing is everything
Okay retard
I have this exact feeling
will still be huge
Recommend not selling your calls today (especially tech) and holding through weekend.
Ain’t no gay bear here but I’m praying for a NIO dip or IV crush. I’m tryna grab more leaps. Same with PLTR.
No.
I’m not gonna do this obviously but I want to throw my whole 16k account into NIO calls at open
Get out while you're up!! Puts on NIO today. Sorry kiddos.
Get much longer dated puts. Dont try and time the market, you'll never make it that way.
I don't lose equity until next friday baby  GB4L
Y nio go down when it be up
My 11/13 46p would *love* that lmao
I wish people would just the FULL articles and not solely go by the title. They list the companies and NIO, Xpeng and Li aren't on it.
PLTR rally today
Buy buy buy buy buy
When is it?
Deep
That was your NIO dip
Ackman gonna buy them.
They have 2 employees.
Stonks mooning on Powell remarks lol

 ***The economy as we knew it might be over, Fed Chairman says***

 [https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/economy/economy-after-covid-powell/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/economy/economy-after-covid-powell/index.html)
I’m losing up on boomer stock!
Remember SNOW. You won't get in ipo prices lol
They should have done that this past Spring. It would have been yuge.
Spy up .69%
NIO is literally the plot for the China Hustle
u/ElonMuskOfficial gets COVID-19. $TSLAQ gang ready to go full r/gaybears. 🌈🐻📉🚘
[deleted]
NIO was the most sure fire thing I’ve seen on this sub in a while
1) Nevermind... I have it, but not in my account yet. F.
Expected EPS: $0.02.  actual EPS: -$0.94
fax, what do i play lol
What do you think? I want to get one and I’ve never had a mac before. 
I know people get roasted for this but in my little knowledge, should I wait for the M2 chip? Just because it’s a first gen product
DoorDash announces IPO
Tinder dating tip #69:

Do not date single moms, unless your portfolio is adept at a quick pump and dump scheme.

Tinder dating tip #420:

Thots who say "Not sure what im lookin for 😛🤤" lack market guidance and have high volatility; trade with caution and sell naked calls if able.

Tinder dating tip #69420:

Go for profiles that say "Looking for a third wheel". It never hurts to befriend someone with a large enough capital to roll three wheel strategies, and you get to fuck his girlfriend in front of him.
[deleted]
Usually the high made in pre is usually the high that is tested for the day, so if retail can get it above it should keep grinding up.
I was not retarded when I was younger and am not now. Good that you aren't totally tragic.
guilty :(

i did however jump on NIO 45c exp 2022 @ $14ea

they are doing lovely
If DKNG hits 60 I'm not going to work anymore
You’re wrong if your losing equity on being early or late.
I sold half yesterday for 300%....
Nah - it’ll be back there by 11am ET.
Lol this has happened to all EVs all week lol. You WANT this. The opening bell pop will be that much greater.
Did someone say tsla puts?
Or shake people out 

I’d tread *really* carefully with NIO today
Same!!
Sell at open lol
It's called the rapid test being not accurate with half false negatives.

False negatives way more frequent than false positive.

Elon has Covid.  Buy NIO.
EV sell off today
Will next Tuesday be Battery Day 2.0?
Ya fair enough. I was aware of that. But would you really trade on that on a day like yesterday? So stonks go up, usually over night. But all they *this* night is the question, no?
You can't have colonialism without mass murder. When people are complaining about the crimes of colonialism genocide and slavery is exactly what they're talking about.

So when people say that colonialism was a good thing, to people whose peoples were colonised it sounds the exact same as defending the actions of Nazi Germany. That's part of why people call people Nazis so much today even if they aren't wearing swastikas.  


>What I am saying is the natural progression is to expand ones culture and ideas and this has lead to learning and innovation.

You don't need colonialism to do this. Look, for example, what America did with countries like Japan and South Korea. 

Colonialism is invasion, occupation, and resource mining. It isn't a benevolent expansion of culture and ideas the way you claim.

[This](https://cdn.history.com/sites/2/2018/03/29_EYFN6J.jpg) is what colonialism looks like.
1) do you have the cash to exercise?
2) what are your gains?
There won't be widespread distribution of a vaccine before middle to late next year, at the earliest.  Then will people even take it?  Will it work on all the different strains?  What are the side effects?
Was not expecting that DKNG move. Congrats to anyone holding
Need papa musk to get filmed doing some sprints on a track so people can see he’s okay
Lol..got him
LOW to $165 and HD to $285
Who’s buying the 9:45 NIO dip
its crazy all of the gains I am trying to make is just to have as big a chunk as possible for the airbnb IPO
Well do you want 200 share or not?
BUY THE FUCKING DIP YOU FUCKING DEGENERATES
Someone is an idiot
Let’s hear your predictions for EVs today
Load up on [spoiler]shares[/spoiler]
 ❤️❤️  ❤️❤️

❤️  ❤️   ❤️ 

⚡️NIO⚡️ ⚡️NIO⚡️

 ❤️   ❤️

  ❤️ ❤️ 

   ❤️
tfw Elon Musk wants to put people on Mars by never heard of Bayes' Theorem
Boyfriend*
Playing a dangerous game bud
his definition of leaps are probably 2 weeks out
The volume on Nio is crazy, buyers and sellers. One is going to eventually win out at open, we going to $60 or $40 by 10am lol.
Something tells me NIO some Chinese guy with a Robinhood premium account in a shed in his backyard laughing his way to billions
This is upvote worthy. Please carry on.
That really isn’t true... I can see why people dislike him but the guy is a world class engineer.
Hit big button on investment app; dopamine receptors go boing boing boing.
Facebook is banned in China, you sentient fedoras
Ease up on the stims buddy
My thought are similar. But those were the same thoughts I had about Tesla back in August.
Massive float
Trade tickers
Lt. Dan
Retard
K(NO)W STIMMY!
K(NO)W PEACE!
They're going public because VCs don't want to give them anymore money.
thats pretty serious, you should have it checked out.
Jumped on the new M1 MacBook last night. Originally, I ignored it thinking Apple refreshed another laptop without real changes. But that M1 chip is a game changer.

Long AAPL. Between the new iPhone 12 Pro and the new MacBook, I already donated 2,600 to AAPL in the past 2 weeks. I can’t be the only sucker
[deleted]
Baba dead 😞
I genuinely can’t tell if your serious or sarcastic.
I ain’t putting anything in NIO. Never trust the Chinese.
Pretty minimal for something that ran 100%+ this month
Haha this applies to a lot of tardos in here
Hopefully it’s not the Challenger lol
What stock are you gonna buy with the money from your 18th birthday?
I appreciate boomers on here thinking people are just too young to know how the world really works instead of owning that "we lazy and f'd it up and never tried to fix anything."
Everyone has “hot hands” with NIO. I think it’s a good risk reward. Even if you lose money, the stock is asking for a dump at this point
THIS. There won't be another covid crash but we could easily see a dib to 300-320 if there are a wave of bankruptcies and another lockdown
[deleted]
This. Got two hippos with my gains yesterday. Hoping to pick up a few antelope on Monday.
Boys what are pumping today? PLTR ?
Comparing math to TA is the most retarded thing I’ve heard, one can be proven while the other one is literally astrology for stock market traders.
He won't die from Covid 100% sure. I pity the fools who decided to bet on it and bankrupt themselves with puts.
I finally told Google News to stop showing me motley fool. So much less spam. #feelsgood
Bitchcoin looking like a snakk lately
Nio reset😴
DoorDash filed for its IPO https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1792789/000119312520292381/d752207ds1.htm
Oh.. okay.
No
Toot that mothafucking thang up
They have 25M units of the vaccine. Not nearly enough for anybody
Source?
I feel like if anything NIO dropping a little from its premarket highs is just going to make jumping in that much more tantalizing
lmao enjoy losing all your money
Holy fucking shit Door Dash, my favorite lazy fat fuck service is going public? Guys. This is huge. Gonna be one of the hottest IPOs of the next decade.
I bought a shit load of 1dte $39s that I own for $.03 if it gets wiped that's the way she goea
The Baba recovery will launch today. It’s your last chance to jump in. You’ve been warned.
I can't really speak for the east I-70 corridor but overall I think very safe compared to the rest of the country. 6 years ago we moved from a rural community an hour outside Wichita to a close suburb. I miss the size of the yard and lack of traffic and noise but literally have had not a single incidence not have we heard of any close by. We see some stuff about unlock cars getting gotten into in the paper but nothing major. Contrast that with my son being in the San Antonio area for the last year for work - it's a constant battle for him. His truck has been broken into 4 times. He's always sending me video of junkies all over town. Other stuff as well. I couldn't do it.
RIP Huey
Chinese EV giving you one last chance to load up at open smooth brains. Don't fuck this up for the 50th time
PLTR mooning today at open.
Imagine how rich the GME bulls would be if they invested in NIO instead of a dying retail company.
Nio’s earnings on Tues....
Step 1. Buy Nio
Step 2. Hold through earnings
Step 3. Welcome to tendie town
Yeah and he's a loser so I think I win...
And so begins the constant LI Bleed til open 
☹️
you guys think we selloff today?
We believe the all mighty nio to be the one true stockgod
welp, this is what half a million sell orders looks like on NIO...
BUT, when is the great reversal of fortune with NIO?
Bonds are showing somethings up 🤔
Do you know much About the company. I haven’t done the research but I’m wondering if they’re just riding the EV wave or if they have true potential.
[deleted]
Yeah 52.50 looked like the high today
DKNG is makin mooooney movez
If you don’t, I will
Imagine being a value investor 🥴
You’re on tik tok? Shit this sub really did unironically fall to Robinhood teenagers!
Ive ordered 167 times this year alone. All in on door dash
Moderna vaccine is RNA-based, so requires special -72°C fridges which makes them impossible to mass-distribute = not a game changer no matter what efficacy %.
Yeah its just chinese ev hype
NIO PUTS ?
 Synlogic, i think
Its like.... They don't even know nio exists
So after being unprofitable for years at the end of the console cycle, suddenly being MASSIVELY profitable in q4 earnings (march) won't have any affect on stock price?  This is going to be head and shoulders above tech earnings during last earnings season.  The only question is whether the q3 call coming up talks about it enough to send it into the 20s or 30s on its own
I’m selling puts today, gonna steal money from the NIO bears thinking ER is bad 😳
True, and huge market capitalization to be made in china and other asian markets for cheap, single person, ev’s due to the high congestion, growing single population, and push for sustainable energy
Here comes Moderna’s trial results...
[removed]
Gonna sell my 1500 crpto, where should I send it today boys?
Ya I got a 14.50 today and a 16 next week, still got a chance 🤞
We might be a little early, but we're not wrong ;-)
NIO strangles
Exercise two NIO $48c expiring today or just sell the option?
3......2.....1.....HOUSTON WE HAVE LIFT OFF. 

This is going to be us at open https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EoHFSx7nhVg
Yeah, he's the hero in the Matrix movies.  Who's the actor?  Kanye Cheese?
Oh shit, all the Chinese EVs fading hard. NIO flash crash to $29 at open?
Well I see you're confident lol. I see a bunch of numbers for SPX from yesterday morning, one of which was almost exactly closing price. Impressive. I take it that first pair is a high/low range for the day. The rest is Greek to me atm. I see nothing about today so far though.
A company like Ford sells far more cars in one to two down weeks than Nio has sold ever
POP LOCK AND DROP IT
lmao
Holy shit you are both special. He said sell in January. And he is right, we with multiple llcs and complex accounts file in October. 

Lastly al you are avoiding is state income tax....get over it. 6% give or take.
Well NIO @ +$52 was fun while it lasted 😥
Not yet
[deleted]
This is worse than cramer buying
When it reaches your friends you know it’s a thing - who didn’t see draft kings exciting Wall Street? In this last quarter alone I saw just a few people I know start to gamble on sports to almost everyone I know gambling by last week. Now I’m in several group chats with different friends talking about sports betting. It’s mainstream. Legislation is looking good for legalization in more states.
Do people who do math even understand what they doing or do they just make up numbers?
Just for clarification, are you getting the phrase “Nio ends 60 EOD” on you? Or Just Nio? Or a picture of their car?
You clearly belong in this sub retard. Welcome
BABA fair value should be 425-450. Once Ma apologizes and Ant IPO happens its only up from there
u mad u didn't invest big boi?
Im in the same boat bro nothing but pain
He didn’t say anything, anywhere, about the US.  You know Facebook exists outside of the US, right? 🤔
Friendship ended with NIO ❌

LI is my new best friend
Find the next one, and when you do let us know
Fb isnt allowed in china
I would not drive that in the LA interstate. It’s too compact that one car crash can end you
Looking very likely at the moment. It's faded a good bit
[deleted]
Any idea why they use 6’2 height? Are manlets more or less susceptible to death?
May I divert your attention to editas and beam
I was thinking the same but what are your positions gonna be
I bought the dip yesterday.  Hoping for a big rebound.  Debating whether to hold any beyond today.
You're probably better off :)
All of them.
Let’s hope it won’t fade
They printed yesterday lolololoolloo how much you down from Monday though my dude. 300p 11/9 🤡 I’ll stop messing with you since I know you’re having a rough week. Btw I’m up 234% this week and about to cash out for more gains. Good day sir
LO
That's a good analogy.
This looks like it’s setting up to either rocker to the moon or drill to the earths core
I’d sell and wait. It spiked pretty hard so IV is going to be soaring.
Baxkflip
OKKKKKAYYY.  OOOOUUUTTTT.
Not to brag or anything but last week I shorted NIO and stole $300 from a WSB kid
You clearly haven’t watched PM all week lol
And AMZN
Same my man. Feelsbad
Every second of my fucking life
That would be such a smart move on their part though. If I remember correctly when Tesla did that it was a short lived dip
Unfortunately those are worthless.
i both laughed and cried a little at this...maybe simultaneously
Just trying to grab those pennies.  The longer the morning wears on, the better I feel.  Hitting 60 today would be unbelievable, but I think it would be the largest single day NIO has had in the last 3 months(if not 6 months).
My spy puts are fucked. Also this stress is affecting my vision. Parts of my field of view are blurry.
[deleted]
Unless it goes down in which case, amazing foresight
he’s basically saying the available testing is garbage, because 50% n=4 is a horrible false positive rate or false negative rate for any “reliable” test
It’s barely holding 51 right now... it’s going to sell off at open. People *are* going to take profit.

I’ll fomo in if it dips to 46-47 today
What, it is a true. Look on there website and do DD lol, Xpeng is the real deal
not cool
FSLY ✔️ 
AMAT ✔️ 
PLTR ✖️
They see trends and think it matters. NIO had a triple top, a sign we are gonna dump. What happened? We fucking mooned lol
Doordash Im coming for ya baby
I believe that already happened.. I sold GME a few weeks ago for 200% and AMC yesterday for 200%. still have a couple cheap lottos, but I'm not sure either of those two are going anywhere.
[deleted]
Why TF would you buy leaps on ZM with a vaccine on the horizon?

This is why this sub loses money.
You'll have time to buy when it drops into the 30's at some point
Confirmed it is not you
Youd probably never see him
Pussy
Hi guys , I'm new here. have you heard of NIO
Except I was a brainwashed retard when I was younger too. Then I grew a few brain cells and learned to differentiate fact from fiction. Good luck with your brain
Ok, so if that were the case, the short interest should be below 15% correct?  It shouldn't be over 100%.  You seem like the type of person that just yolos into shit they read about on wsb and doesn't even know what the given ticker company does
Now I just need ZM to move its ass
lmao I'll bet you love rick and morty
Nope
Nio idiot put holder like myself I expect a big dip at open that might be our only chance to get out!

But I’m an idiot for buying them in the first place so what do I know
Take some profits my guy
Mesk*
report back
Death Trap.
Only if they announce change of CEO or move to 10, 7, or 5nm
Damn LI go back up
I recalled some1 on this forum has January call on pltr and was up like 1200, wonder how is he doing
Is this a troll account?
I think puts print from earnings drop. Gonna buy some td or monday
Why not buy Puts to bide the time?
Lmao solid point
Someone please tell me I'm not the only one who missed out on NIO
Thatta boy
She calls all day Last I heard.
Post picture of butt or ban
That's cause they're already at $50 pre market
SPXS is 3x inverse of the market. In order to move 3x the market they have decay and lose money when the market remains flat. You can look at there chart to see what I mean.
NIO isnt sold in the US dumbass
Will LI pop at open or continue to dump????
You all own LI, but what about LU? 

Chinese fintech that recently IPOd, 40B+ market cap, opened IPO at $11.60 and closed at $17.85 yesterday...

Man, China stocks going ham
moderna vaccine news soon too, ill be in on AMC
[deleted]
Idk. Hope that helps
Elon maybe has covid??
Yeah they are all fading hard
Just diluted shares didn’t they?
Trump put a ban on companies associated with the CCP, mainly communication companies (spying) , i dont think NIO is on that list.
[deleted]
No, we need self driving cars. 

*TSLA calls intensifies*
Do people who do TA even understand what they’re doing or do they just draw lines ?
Buy the NIO dip before we head to 55
[deleted]
Nice try NIO bear
I legit feel like the Astronauts chilling in the spaceship before launch. I truly resonate with the 🚀 memes now
Loss porn will be truly amazing! Hope everyone is selling here and there
yeah in march
Lockdowns are coming back 100% get your leaps in PTON and ZM ready
the stock market isn't racist
dude is just too sick 💯
DKNG, you're making daddy so proud. Keep it up and you can come home for Thanksgiving.
Serious question. Is NIO going to ever be red again lol? Remember looking at it when it was $1.40 a share. 😞
Got a Walmart ps5 ordered yesterday, going to press my luck by shorting nio from open to 10am.
The comment I came on her face for.
I’m dating NIOs hot American sister, FSR and yes I’m glad for it
Esports retard
I like ZM the in-day swings on it are really extreme. But any meme stock that had more than a couple of posts here on wsb will do the trick
maybe I can actually get out of FSLY today
She must be like 12 with all the extra letters she puts in words so I’m out.
Rug pull today confirmed
Fun over for Chinese EV?  Li is up, but slid from $41, in pre-market.
Yes
Been hearing that since $28/share lol
You’ll be fine
Yup I thought I was diamond handing to 49 yesterday....turns out they’re just paper hands with a faux diamond veneer 😔
RemindMe! Tuesday
daddy?
Do you happen to know information on the expiries?
NIO or LI  have no owners clubs pages on FB,no pics of cars on the streets. Tesla has hundreds, go figure. NIO cars is NO cars. Puts on both.
don't worry donnie, your lawyer will argue this all the way to the supreme courtyard of marriott
Not market, just Nio.
Imagine the shit storm in here if NIO announced a stock offering during their ER call next week   XD
It's a 2020 Reliant Robin
what are our thoughts on sq? feeling like a pop kinda day. pop up or down im not sure. hoping up
My sarcasm was intended with the addition of the question mark prior to the exclamation... bad joke I guess
Don't know man.
That’s what they do here. GameStop, nio, whatever. They latch onto some idea like “omg once in a lifetime short squeeze!” Sometimes they get lucky, sometimes they don’t.
🥭 is mad because China has a bigger pp than he does
Can't wait
Based
I pulled out yesterday morning at 43, I so dumb
Sell outside the money calls and use the proceeds to buy puts if you want to stay in the position after that kind of run up.
I don’t have to imagine... it’s my life 🤩
Imagine your cock growing overnight, for no reason, almost every single day lol.
Welp, my DKNG shares are gonna get called away
!positionsorban
Many theaters have been effectively closed anyway because there are no new movies to show and the operational expenses to keep the lights on/doors open are too high.
Commission free?
[deleted]
I dont get why this shit even matters all summer "vaccine priced in" now "vaccine pump" and next week it'll be "stimulus pump/lack of stimulus" its all fake as hell and billionaires just make these headlines up to explain their swinging money to pump and dump on retail eternally. Fucking gay.
Fuck me this is cringe
All I’m saying is 11/27 BABA 300c is $1.13 right now *sips*
Communism not so bad after all?
Goddamn Bezos is a biggest retard than all of us for cheating on his wife
Metals aren't an investment 
Its a rock that you are hoping will be worth more in the future
SAME
[deleted]
Okay
Moms
Everyone bitching about NIO is praying for a 9:30 entry sub 52. 😂
Completely new to this. I bought NIO $42 12/18, $45 12/24, and $46 1/15 options on 11/1 when the stock was around $32. How bad will theta decay fuck me around earnings?
A kid I work with told me he heard from a reliable source NIO would be over $200 by the end of next year. I laughed him off he went balls deep in calls a few months ago, I did not. Who is laughing now? It is not me 🤡
Nice another company that loses money and has no plans to make a profit
just how i like them
No, but when you've already discounted COVID entirely when being at all time high as we are, don't expect to have no effect if things reverse.
Sell some covered calls
😂
Going through your post history I feel like you claim you get scammed a lot, when in reality you just make shit plays.
NIO calls has single handily done more to improve American-Chinese citizen relations than a politician ever could 😤
No one wants a three wheeled car
Hot hand fallacy
Give me some money
Depends on how you look at it.
Sell half
I haven't heard anything from GME gang in a while. Are there still people hoping that there will be a short squeeze, despite both new consoles having now dropped and there being no appreciable spike in the stock?
Wow. Should not have sold my NIO calls at close.
You can make a cash account with TDA and use their charts and level 2 data fyi
Silver linings: The faster we get through today, the faster we get to the Beekend Bow
Pretty sure I might be your brother if that’s the case. Just damn.
The move downward
Name checks out
Enjoy that tat. Make it classy
I need to figure out how to de risk for NIO earnings release. I have some $40 Jan 2021. Maybe I sell the $70 strike against those for ER and translate into a spread.
Secure the bag.
[deleted]
🙏
Prolly. Looks like we are headed for a green Friday
Why are you guys so certain nio is gonna do that amazing today
Set stop losses
obvious opportunity to enter this rocket while it's still on the launch pad.
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327245258980208640?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1327245258980208640?s=20)

> DOORDASH FILES S-1 WITH U.S. SEC   
>  
> DOORDASH INC FILES FOR IPO OF UP TO $100 MLN – SEC FILING 

( initial registration form for new securities required by the SEC for public companies that are based in the U.S )
yes
Excellent question
Imagine having puts and seeing the market gap up overnight, for no reason, almost every single day lol.
Yes
[deleted]
Why am I planning ahead with AAL leaps and calls when Chinese EV is memeing lmao
Why the fuck did I buy ZM yesterday instead of NIO
So... he’s your wife’s bf?
Hold
oh nice the classic “stalk my profile” comeback. Btw they printed yesterday so not sure what u even mean. Keep going though, you’re almost there
oh travel is also up slightly today for no reason as well
He has all of the experience needed to hire and manage the guys that design medical tests, though.  Which is what his actual role would be in this hypothetical scenario that will not ever happen.
i’d sell while your up
At Robinhood.com at about noon
Nio already starting to sell? Hmmmmm
Probably safer two weeks out considering last night it just ran up insanely
Friday selloff is gonna be bigly
[removed]
Really should have held DKNG
[deleted]
Is NIO the move?
Sold my FSLY 11/20 88.5c’s on Monday at a small loss, had bought when some asshole bought a shitload of contracts for that date

TP hands lose again
Well it looks like we’re going to be talking about NIO for a little while longer in here 🤑
At the back of the soup kitchen
Hello, I work at one of the largest COVID testing laboratories in the US. 

We believe blood type matters.
Preach
Which company ?
For real lol. My original comment was gonna be “we know Lindsay’s positions, what about yours?”
It's a Trap!
Up 100% on NIO stock. What should I do?
China #1 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
People buying puts on Chinese EVs also like getting pegged by their gf's. 

The Chinese government buys stocks you retards.
[deleted]
The fuck man I pulled outta NIO at 45
Damn, I’ve just been watching SOLO since $2.50...
I couldn't sell all mine in time yesterday but that's looking like a good thing rn
I'm sorry, I bought NIO calls at PM's top. We're only going down from now on
Made me Lol.
I have 6 0dte 56c for NIO where do I collect my tendies ?
Fuck it. I’m buying some SOLO puts.
Rare to find a woman who prefers the red dildo to the green one.
Most people are going to blow it all up chasing higher and higher strikes
One post on a throw away account, bears gunna trap
Does PTON have any catalysts coming up?  Earnings just occurred.
Shes poppin boys. Hope the actual results don’t burst the bubble!
Suddenly this “doctor” was an expert on illnesses lmao can you believe it?
That is correct
Let’s fucking go, SPY 240
We do!
Wall Street overwhelmingly voted for Biden iirc, puts seem like a bad idea for a Biden win
Joke's on you, Lindsay is my wife you cuck.
Have you seen their car? Three wheeled piece of gayest thing ever
Too late 😒
Sell NIO at open buy when it hits the floor. Hold through earnings. Easy shit y’all I got this down to a science I’m trying to help us all get tendies
Spy coming down soon
ive always wondered why his eyes are like that. one of em.
[deleted]
LOL, that sounds like pure hell for me, but seems like it's working for you bro.  Good luck my man, today's gonna be bananas!
Memes gonna meme.
Buy XPEV and LI then? I’m not sure what response you were hoping I’d go with, but I’m long on SOLO, after seeing it go up a min 15% each days this week, I don’t think it’s been a bad idea so far.
DIS is already trying to do it. FSLY more of a niche CDN anyway, if company can still leverage scale of Akamai (the commodity side) and build the smarter stuff in house it makes sense.
thoughts on Callaway for growth with top golf acquisition. Seems to have high upside low downside IMO.
Is Lindsay single?
Same and I retardedly switched to puts. F
WA announcing new COVID restrictions Monday. Wondering if SPY puts over weekend will print 🤔
So glad i sold 300 shares of nio at 28 to yolo and blow up my account
didn't you watch Snowden?
Almost as funny as a 300 spy put lmfaooooooooooooooo
lmaooo
DKNG making me nut
I somewhat agree with you.  My play was more of an IV play that was supposed to wrap up yesterday, but as things developed it was good to just diamond hand things and let things develop today. 

Covered calls against LEAPS are an interesting strategy, but I'd be reluctant to do that against these EV meme stocks.  For all the people that got minted millionaires this summer over the TSLA shenanigans, I've got to believe a lot of people took it straight up the ass.
There will definitely be some profit taking this morning . I’ll wait until it settles a little bit
I had 50 shares at 6 n sold smh
It drops during market hours then magically gaps up overnight.
LOL, yeah no, BaaS is not happening
the pm volume is low. lets see what happens at open
your humor must really suck then lol
Mods
Upvote if you're adding calls to nio XPEV and li today
NIO up 25x since March. What a scam
Cash rules everything around me CREAM
Sure, looks like a stable investment that can only go up
Should've rolled all my cash in nio into LI for the day for that sweet pump.  Can't believe I'm not happy enough with a likely 15% sympathy spike that nio will undergo today.  These EV companies are really fucking with my perception of a good daily return rate.
Silver is so gay never buying leaps on it ever again gayest fuckin investment one could make
Might just call this the "Peg me" mobil.
My heart is torn. On one hand NIO puts because I don’t wanna betray ELON. On the other hand, money...
This is not the place lol. Mine as well go to r/roasted
Sell
Sorry I don't listen to pussies. Call 150 eow.
Fun way to remember: You’re a loser if you don’t know the difference between lose and loose
This week:
Mon/Tues - COVID stocks tank on vaccine news. 
Wed/Thurs/Fri - COVID stocks pump on higher case numbers. 

Fun game we are playing boys.
Definitely gunning for a million.  $40k a year - I'll be able to retire like a king in Vietnam.  Wife was raised there and knows the lay of the land.  So I won't be completely lost.
Mods, this one
Fuckin NIO, avoided it because there were too many WSB retards talking about it. But look at them now, they're rich retards. Same with TSLA and PRPL

Gonna jump on the next meme stock whatever it is.
I trade on my phone using the RH app bro, no TA for me
Mods
i'm retarded. what's the highest strike price for covered calls in nio you can sell? wellsfargo is showing me the highest strike for 11/20 is $48 in the options chain.

On robinhood, if i had shares there, it looks like i can sell $65 11/20 covered calls no problem.
Today
Are you implying that the only two possible statuses of the stock market are either major crash or all time high?
NIO MAKING ME EXTRA RETARDED GOD HELP US ALL
DKNG would like a word

immediately report to coaches office
ZM, please don’t smash my dick.
You think theaters bounce on upcoming eradication of Covid with the pending vaccine, or drop when they have to close all their theaters again for 2 months?
You have Lindsay Graham’s number?
I have high blood pressure, am 30 years old, and probably have covid. On a scale of 1-10 how many NIO calls should I buy today?
What makes it military
HAL or SLB. Probably larger downside moves compared to larger companies if a downside move were to happen.
Mods!
Spy been out of gas all week. When does it drop?
Should we just buy some SOLO as well? Literally just following the big three now
havent been following the EV hype but is it worth getting 0DTE calls for either NIO or LI or 2 weeks out
[deleted]
🤡
Be sure you're watching RSI.  This stock is so transparent when it reverses back to bullish on the 1-minute chart.
I’m still anticipating a sell off at open
Been saying this, people don’t understand what caused the March crash. Zero knowledge about the virus, indefinite length for economic shutdown, liquidity crisis, oil price war. 

None of those are the case now.
Tsla peaked at 10,000%. Nio is currently at 631% not including pre market. 2000% is if you start at the bottom instead of the beginning. If you use $3 for Tesla bottom then we get an insane percentage for returns.
But dude, he could get two for the price of one!
Its how I plan to fulfill my dream of becoming modern day Genghis Khan
how far OTM are you willing to go???
I still have a 100 shares at $13.30. Sold 100 at $20. Nios been here for a bit. My brother had 1000 shares at $3 and sold at 4 lol
[deleted]
This will be the biggest NIO dip you get today hop on the 🚀
FOMO into Fastly at open??
[deleted]
I had my laugh I’m good

Edit: looked at your positions. Lnfaooooo I’m deaaaaaaaaaad lmaooooooooo maybe uzi will bring you back to life
Agreed
I thought we do this everyday
Canadian manufacturer of EVs. They get a lot of flak here because people think that [the cars look stupid](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c8/Electra_Meccanica_%22SOLO%22_3-Wheel_Vehicle.jpg/220px-Electra_Meccanica_%22SOLO%22_3-Wheel_Vehicle.jpg), but the stock has shot up over the past month.  


It's currently at around $5. I think that people are hoping that it catches on and takes off like NIO, XPEV, etc. However, if you actually zoom to >1 year, you'll see that it has certainly reached $5 before and has not maintained a very high stock price at all.
Yeah, it has been doing that everyday and then pops
Mods
gonna be 50% of your net worth real quick
And teaching people that his feelings matter so much more than facts.
So they could stack up more cheap calls. DUH
Yeah do you think we will still be at all time highs if we do lockdown. lol
This man knows.
[deleted]
thinking the same. nice that you get at least 30min to decide, i have to decide on a whim lol so tempted to just quit this job, since this recruiter i've been talking with seems to be alluding to a promising new job
Premiums are hella high. I actually think boomer style stonks is the move
You hold. Its a 20-40% on earnings
Guys listen I’m NIO gang 100% but it’s gunna sell off at open the gains are too high and it’s Friday. Buy back in when it meets resistance on the floor wait for the 40s
Hold
[deleted]
Lobby desk or pussy
Mods
Yeah the buy screen changed for me yesterday
lmfao not even close but keep going
Nio would reach tsla market cap at $300.
And the patriots might win Super Bowl XLII
Anyone know anything about KNDI relative to the EV holy trinity?
F
Which one tho.
Someone said ZM IS GETTING CRUSHED it’s down 1.72% 

Someone else said NIO SHOUKD BE UP WAY MORE RIGHT NOW it’s up 8.7%

I can’t with you people
Rip teslay long nio
Co-founder of Wendy's tendies
Nio ends 60 EOD or I’ll get it tattooed on me
China Telecom stocks
Damn they need an election like map that shows us what’s on lockdown
Next week, and it already has been a blow off the top in react to the other EVs.
That would be amazing bro. They had a blowout earnings report, acquired Xilinx, and are partnering with IBM on top of having their tech in the new video game consoles. No reason they can't hit 100.
We are going to the moon! 🥴
Ah, just another day that bears r fuk

Happy Friday!! 🥳🥳
Ban
You already know the answer
[deleted]
I personally think you should go all in and short them, that way we don’t have to see your shitty ideas here anymore.
Man I wish he was “Beijing biden” Then all my Chinese EV would be printing even more
Which one?
Agreed if not 60
Probably should have took my 1,800 and ran yesterday but Oh well
HAHA - I know! Unfortunately this year has made every month seem like its a year long but that's okay. One thing I've learned about options that I can apply to real life is that time has so much value
You're an idiot.
My $50 1/21c would love that
Pavlov’s Trouble in Terrorist Town > Among Us fr fr 

Funniest shit I’ve played in a long time
Plz come back ZM 😥
Hit a little too close to home or what lmfaooooooooo
Play it long. Their way too deep in the government to go anywhere.
Truth my fomo is unreal called top like 12 times
Buying puts would be the logical thing to do but when so many of you are being misled a rational strategy can easily backfire. I am not going near these stocks for now. I did want Chinese investors to invest in American stocks post Biden and not American investors investing in Chinese stocks - but that's mainly because I like inventors and original creators to benefit more over copycats, not because I own those stocks. These guys have less accountability and transparency than NKLA.
Yes. Dip. Please. So I can sell my poots and rebuy my 52c that I sold for a loss
The imagine and wish guys are the worst.
Hold that bitch
Mods
right before huge stock offering
[deleted]
One hell of a place to brag about your gf lol
Haha, I learned my lesson, no more mouse fucking! I just want it to drop a couple points today. 🤷‍♂️
>trying to time the market

A brain as smooth as a baby's bum
saved
You'll never forgive yourself if you don't do leaps when it goes 1500%
Don’t do that
People that think COVID is real 🤡🤡🤡
Yo real shit, if NIO dips at open, buy calls for ungodly profit today
[deleted]
U texting her ur losses while some other dude balls deep in that anal cavity
I WANT TO BELIEVE

NIO 100 EOM
ok
Me: Hi, I'd like to buy half a car

SOLO:
Who in here is gunning for a billion? Few Mill ain’t gonna be enough for me. I mean shit everyone is a millionaire once they get old enough. Doesn’t even mean anything unless you’re a millionaire at like 14
Holy shit, do we sell NIO at open or hold for earnings?
Does baba sell cars ?
Guys, instead of spending money gambling on stocks, we should get together to invest in a time machine. That way we can easily know exactly what plays to make
Buying $NIO calls 9:30. It’s 100% hitting $55 today.
?
[deleted]
Everyone who says “rug pull today” everyday is an idiot. There will be no major second crash for COVID lockdowns. The thing investors fear is uncertainty, and even if the whole world shuts down again nothing is uncertain this time since we’ve already been through it. We know what to expect.
Fuck, Marry, Kill: Robinhood, ToS, WeBull.

Fuck Robinhood (that UI literally turns me on)

Marry ToS (reliable and solid)

Kill WeBull
He's full of it
XPEV and LI were basically top 5 EV's to watch in China though, not to mention China is more serious about going to EV than the US.

SOLO isnt even top 10 here.. i am gonna keep an eye on it.
calls on KNDI a good idea?
Who is talking about genocide or justifying it?

What I am saying is the natural progression is to expand ones culture and ideas and this has lead to learning and innovation. 

Genocide didn’t have to be a part of it. But hey. That’s Europeans for you.
It is a Weird Lie indeed....
ER is on Tuesday. This will be its biggest percentage gain day all week.
It says investing for all. If anything the age should be 0+.
I’ve got 354P till 11/18. Feeling pretty confident in corona virus scare driving the market down next week
Li at $45 EOD
The stock market doesn’t go down
I am doing nothing at work today
NIU off to the races for the second straight day...  🤟
u guys were babbling about crsr, is it the next tomoon? gonna get a fuckton of pltr dip and play fds on stonk...can u finally buy 0dte on RH?
10% of my net worth in NIO calls. Let's go!
[deleted]
So, where are you coming up with a 3.5M number? 

I'm an extremely experienced options trader and I have no idea what the heck you are talking about or what conclusions you are drawing.
Nio earnings date is Tuesday 7pm Est for those wondering https://ir.nio.com/news-events/news-releases/news-release-details/nio-inc-report-third-quarter-2020-financial-results
yeah, obviously.
[removed]
I may buy puts today. This run is overdone but people can stay irrational longer than I can stay solvent so it’s a toss up.
The King is back!
How low of a volume?
Except TSLA. All rules need an exception.
Why were PLTR bulls so happy they missed earnings?
Let’s recapture those money gains bois. Bears r fuk
Did you expect yesterday before close that we'd be green now?
Fuck it I’ll throw in 10 bucks
Holy shit. Do I cash this NIO out today or wait until earnings next week?
Ban
Same got out on first dip yesterday around 45
Wow this market is absolutely fucking insane
[deleted]
[deleted]
>it is obvious that they are looking to bring CDN functionality inhouse and build it themselves.  

That's absolutely ridiculous, no company is going to do that. It's not economical at all.  
t. I work in tech
If DKNG hits 60 today, I’ll poop in a random hotel hallway
Probably some new shoes 👟
I heard they make 3 wheelies
what do y'all think aboot FSLY ?
Fastly and Fisker sittin in a tree, printing me them tendies. First comes gains, then go moon, then come bears to pop balloon.
Someone has to make the short squeeze possible. So.. do itttt
Lmk tail.
We get it. You bought puts.
Yeah, thinking that sounds smart. I saw some UOA for calls on NVAX and a couple other vaccine related tickers so that makes sense.
NIO you better dip at open so I can get inside you little chinese slut
bears got burnt
[deleted]
A family of giraffes. Get it straight.
Wait a minute, that's the same thing Lindsay sends.to me!
[deleted]
[removed]
Wtf is wrong with you? That's disgusting.
I'm buying puts after nio earnings.  After the last catalyst these are gonna tank big
Solo just glad to be in the ev sector
My lawyer is a fucking loser. He thinks he is smarter than people but he’s really just a ducking idiot
TSLA has Elon
Not everything can go up %20 pre market?
Really really regret holding my 200 puts overnight...
More like self crashing
Yikes. You’ll be happy to know we are very unlikely to pass 357-358 today but ya never know!
[removed]
Hey guys Im going to gamble today
Mid
Yo, what's our outlook on BABA, boys?  I'm seeing pretty significant Bullish Divergence in the hourly RSI back on Tuesday that hasn't played out yet.
Its nice having draftkings calls rn, but god damn seeing nio up so much makes me sick. 3 weeks ago i had $24c that i got for 8 fucking dollars, sold way too early now its just pain
Ya I’m gonna ride the wsb wave
Jesus man the fuck up
My love for you is growing wide and strong.
[deleted]
After seeing what happened with LI today, I can confidently say NIO is going to kill their ER and you will see a pump unlike anything you’ve seen in your whole life. Sell during that pump and retire boys. We’re all gonna make it
Sell my NIO shares at $46, I said. It can’t go much higher than that, I said. I’ll buy it back when it crashes down to $40, I said
Sounds good
by: Vincent van Guh
65-75 by NIO day if they continue to over deliver
Lmao logic
What makes you say that? Should I research it or will that just be unnecessary
Fucking SAME. I’m livid.
Today is payday, what to yeet it on in my Robinhood bros?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wait for the dip after the sell off that’s incoming
Yah yah ding dong
Yea flat now, we’ll see at open. Hey I’m holding puts so I hope you’re right and it’s flat lol
[deleted]
Will never drop that far
man 1 dte options on high volatility stocks is kinda fun. very instant gratification
I don't pull out of the stock market
Xpev is still going to the moon, we’re trailing behind y’all
rug pull has began
Jump in LI
#Big Trouble in Little Gyna
Fuckin simp
Very weak
That was the news yesterday, it slowed a bit but now keeps climbing again.
When are earnings? I could see it being a blow off top
Best decision of 2020: buying NIO calls.

Worst decision of 2020: selling them yesterday.
Are you a 14 year old white boy? Worse a 30 year old white boy who listens to uzi. Yikes
I mean if a new high keeps being made, I wouldn’t short it until it really struggles getting and holding a certain point. Up is infinity, down is only to $0 and in stocks that is extremely rare for that to happen.
Seems like a good idea to short these EV stocks but I am scared. WSB is a pretty effective ponzi scheme. Look at NKLA it's still floating. NIO has been sued for misleading American investors before by the way. They lied about building factories and what not.
No
LI cars are shit. There’s a reason why Jpm never said “NIO and Xpeng” will win the industry
“You’re asking the wrong questions” 
-iRobot
this is the way
[removed]
[deleted]
Tesla was 4 digits though and trading at an insane P/E so obviously this isn’t anything new
I neeeeeeeeeed moneeeeeeyyyy

Damn why am i poor?
AMZN needs to catch up to the rest of tech. Let’s get that 1%
[deleted]
one goes down on you, and the other is imaginary
I’ve become full on ambibearbulldexterous.
43 during a pandemic is pretty cheap. They’re barely making anything right now.
Huh tech is green. AMD, Nvidia
Fuck it I’m in LI today. Watch me
Wait for the dip it’s gunna dump today
Uzi dropped sum fire
you don't follow why having sold a NIO call would be potentially bad?
Whoopsie. English is not my second language haha, still getting used to numbers having letters after them
Best car
got ya

for 40-49 year olds it's between 0.08 - 0.4 % fatality

for 50-59 year olds it's between 0.5 - 1.3 % fatality

depends on the country, I hope he is not in Italy at the moment

that statistic is fatality per total confirmed cases. they stress multiple times that the total number of cases is higher because not every case is tested.

Source:

https://ourworldindata.org/mortality-risk-covid?#the-case-fatality-rate


fun fact 10.5% of people with a cardiovascular disease, diagnosed with covid die. who would have known?
Li is dumping omg. My tendies aren't going to make it for another hour!!!
How so
The company has something like 1.05 billion shares outstanding, so a lot of these crazy projections are really not accounting for scale
Why the hell not!
Getting pretty 🐻 curious over here idk about you guys
Touch her butt while she bangs her boyfriend you cuck
Well with Chinese EVs it has been trickier, as WSB has been going on about NIO for months now and so far they have been consistently right. I also thought that with Tesla bubble bursting, Chinese EVs were also going to fade back to normal, but here we are. But i do agree, that even something as simple as looking at charts, last weeks gains, at least in a short term, it will pull back in the coming days. I can not imagine institutions holding their big positions much longer after such amazing returns. That, or new shares offering my companies must be just around the corner.
44 0dte lol
Hey guys I’ve been watching the stocks all night the EVs are definitely dumping today get out at open I got out before close last night in anticipation. NIO GANG we will persist but let’s get back in next week on the dip homies
I saw a list and none of these tickers were on it wish i kept tge link
Alright homo, call down.
F
Why you so mad, is it because ur dear leader lost ?
Put $100 into a call now or something. That way if it tanks you'll be at peace but if it goes up you'll be at more peace since you'd be part of the action albeit a little.
Am I too late to step into NIO?
FISKER up 11% premarket

I caught NIO XPEV and Li and it feels great but I told y’all retards not to sleep on FSR because it’ll go to $20 by EOD

If you have FOMO buy FSR before it pops
[deleted]
You fuck a gf, but the stock market fucks you
Dude I remember people being told to go to penny stocks back when it was sub $10 a share, which wasn’t that long ago. This is wild. But ... last two weeks it’s ramped up in flooding the sub.
Friday the 13th, get ready for some shit.
Nah. It’ll moon on earnings and that’s when you gtfo
Yuh okay
The stock market doesnt have a restraining order against me
My PP has much greater growth than your PP 😎
Hah, are you long or short on it?
Amen
[removed]
I suspect it's getting ready to dump ahead of the vaccine pumps
It’s way more fun making money as a bull than bear

Sure as a bear you can make a lot really fast but you’re always surrounded by negativity. 

That said, don’t forget to turn bearish/bullish as necessary. Don’t stay perma anything for too long unless you’re a long long long term bull
What kind of plays to make on INTC? Anyone thinks it might rebound/recover?
[removed]
$95-100 by year end
Except it won’t because it’s a real company doing real things.
And here I am a week layer still trying to find an available COVID test
355 is the center of the range so it’s flat my dude. Talking about spy here
39 0dte lol
There are no after hours for the big 3, good god
300k... I could have paid off my student loans 5x over with that...
Alright boys, jumping on the NIO train. Suggestions?
thats what i have been thinking but stonk only goes up
The sellers are gonna get assigned
What strike price on these NIO puts?
NIO getting too much WSB tbh probably gonna tank next week on earnings.
I only have like 200 usd to begin with...
Bomb ass DD. I’m in.
Y’all aren’t ready for the market drop at 9:30 🤣
Flash crash to $29 at open
Please buy puts and post results
No dividend anytime soon.... I'll buy back in the 110s
He’s questioning COVID results right before another potential lockdown?  🤣🤣🤣 Dude is transparent. 🤣🤣🤣
claiming that a startup Chinese EV company will grow 100x after growing 2300% is just unrealistic and you calling me dumb for commenting on "the way I feel" is even dumber because the numbers are just too unrealistic for it to happen
Do you think anyone saw NIO LI XPEV shooting up to their levels? That’s the beauty of investing... no one really knows for sure where something will end up.

IMO is it worth To throw a chunk you’d be ok losing? Absolutely, but that’s just my opinion. It could be at $2.50 for all we know tomorrow, but the possibility of it being even $10 in the next year, is worth the risk.
After this weekend I’m going back into NIO stock until it gets investigated for fraud.
[deleted]
Lol
I was so focused on the subtitles it took me a while to realize it was spanish

&#x200B;

^(spanish is my mother tongue)
Convinced me, they look really strong. Dropping 2k into $20c LEAPs at open. Hoping for a 10 bagger
Luck in coffee I think?!
Where my gaming console come ups at tho!
Alexis with the Sennheiser drip
VFF
[removed]
It’s their earnings week you fucking retard lmao. And ZM has been a meme stock all year
FOMO just starting to set in lol, are you kidding?
Had a buddy get in Tesla at like 400-500 pre split. It was climbing nicely and I warned him of it possibly pulling back. He said "Nahh Elon is going to conquer the world." I politely kept warning him, but yet the stock kept proving me wrong. Well everyone knows what Tesla ended up doing, so I looked like the retard that I am.
Just keep it simple set a stop loss for that you want to make off your trade and leave it at that.
Lmao AAWW hit its peak exactly a month ago when this post was made and it has fell 20% since then.
Same I’m selling today and buying back in on Monday in the run up to earnings
This is absolutely insane. Can you honestly keep buying NIO XPEV LI? 

The bottom has to fall out soon right?
[deleted]
Why Li over Baba money?
On nothing right ?
"NIO very high, thanks to my great relationship with China!" *immediately tanks back to 30*
Guess I’m shorting TSLA🤑
My 1/15/21 calls agree
Every time WSB is 100% on a stonk it collapses (Who’s the jackass that was pushing purple?)
Where my gaming console come ups tho!
I’m a greedy pig and I’m not selling 

🐷
Ok. I’ll bite. ?
Dkng earnings rn
💗💗💗💗🍆🍆🍆💦💦💦💦
IV crush really just is a technicality. IV crush often happens together with a big change in the underlying. Sure you'll lose on vega, but on average the expected delta gains compensate that.
America was the manufacturing hub of the world before that damned Biden got elected and sent all our jobs to China.


But for real the erosion of the blue-collar worker in America is sad.
AMD finally gonna run, that 90 dollar mark been eluding it for too long
Yupppp
Historically, dating back to 1928, SPY has closed green 56.1% of the time on Friday the 13th. That being said, it's 2020 so it'll most likely go red. That is of course until the MMs realize we're playing the inverse and inverse us.
I feel like futures are up too High to open flat
60ish but it’s night pump past that for a bit
I feel this except. This is logical. And that’s why it won’t happen
So FSR then?
* **PPI (MoM-Oct)**
   * 0.4% - Previous
   * 0.2% - Forecast
   * 0.3% - Actual
* **Core PPI (MoM-Oct)**
   * 0.4% - Previous
   * 0.2% - Forecast
   * 0.1% - Actual
Why is Nikola dropping then?
Trying to decide as well.

Have a 10 meeting that I won’t be able monitor so I think I’ll just sell after open.
Enttäusch mich nicht Brudi
Top comment someone change it
That’s false, but it certainly helps to be otherwise healthy.
The stock market is there for me when I need it the most
Should we buy NIO today?
Zoom has been climbing since January. This guy is a clown.
Massive ZM selling volume spiked just now. Someone knows something
One taketh one giveth
Bought a single call expiring today strike price of $55 just to laugh as It expired worthless after selling my $50 strike price calls what a dumb bitch. On the flip side I YOLO’d spy calls expiring today as well at the bottom yesterday so that’s nice
Go sniff children were talking stonks here
We found the alt right Republican
Fuck ur EV companies, DKNG Baby!!!!!
Wasn't it like that for tesla too though?
DKNG is gone. Once it starts triggering all the shorts we will have liftoff.
NIO FOMO getting strong, that means it's the top lol 

Nice DKNG spike
Looks like I’m gonna be staring at the NIO chart all day again hating myself 🥺
Hey guys I’m a huge nio bull but I can tell by there a trim coming. I suggest pulling out at open then getting back in after the dip. Take your profits then re enter later on, it’s too high right now
Yea don’t follow chief?
I’m currently shorting it but I definitely see it touch 500+ again before any vaccine is mass produced. Good luck to us brother.
Looks like a butt plug.
Its down now
Damn
You do realize Biden isn’t president until January, right?
Fuck America they’re all dumping
Lol do it thanks for the sacrifice
Trumps legacy will be having educated the world on how exponential growth curves work.
Nice one !
More than likely we open flat and slow grind up.
But... you already have 2k...
What’s the difference between a girlfriend and the stock market?
the age of tesla is over, it's time for Nio.

100$ by end of year.   have people learned nothing from the 170 to 2000$ tesla run.
PTON going to mountain climb to 150 by Turkey Day. Bet the rent money on it.
All these tickers mooning under Mango my guy. QAnon smooth brains  crack me up.
STONKY KONG!!!!! DKNG GANG!!!! 🤑🤑🤑
You do that, I’ll buy puts, let’s trade notes next week
I laughed but that wouldn't be the worst idea. Usually equities rally another 15% on News of split.
It's over grandpa... put the remote down
Happy Friday the 13th everyone.
$500 EOD
Holding my 17.5c 12/18 contracts. Figured Fisker would moon on the back of Chinese EVs.
it goes tits up if there is no dip though
Normally 20 percent.
too true on the wfh.. us companies failed to ship jobs overseas because their management is incompetent. Now they have a chance to learn remote management at their leisure, then once perfected, guess where the jobs will go.
Omg the jump on Li auto is crazy
1/15 50c is expensive as fuck now
Power efficiency—> less heat —> more overclockable —> higher performance (on desktop)

Desktop and other “high performance” niches in semiconductors are AMDs bread and butter. If it turns out that Apples M1 chip is competitive in a desktop setting, this could open up tons of development and demand into ARM chips for windows. In this case, Qualcomm has a huge lead
[deleted]
Whoops!  I misread.  Then yea, I agree!!
This, always
Oh shit the YouTube algo thought I'm rich enough to buy a BMW
I’m happy for you guys but please stop spamming nio comments.
How is zm a Chinese ticker?
Don’t trust ur gut. Trust China.
I think it’s time to ban the ticker NIO for a week.
NEED MORE FOMO INTO NIO PLS
What’s your price target
Reddit is better than tinder!
Buy straddles
#wholesomewsb nice!
They print american money.
oh common PLTR
[deleted]
LI earnings this morning. NIO will behave similarly
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-drafts-rules-govern-booming-105957359.html
Doesn’t sound too bad to me.
When is nio splitting
This hurt me inside to read. You live in a cartoon world where Musk is Jimmy Neutron. In reality, musk doesn’t know the machine’s ass from its elbow. How would he? He has no experience designing medical tests
Spy gonna open green and dump rest of the day. Boutta trap all you call cucks
Bought a bunch, not missing ZM runs again
Only going to keep rocketing get back in
DIS stock up on “boost” in Disney Plus “subscriber” numbers, including overseas markets, like India (with approx 1 in 4 new subscribers) where it is being  given away for *free*. Stock up 3% premarket. Disney P/E at *43*.
This sub has been filled with Nio for a long time...
I probably will before earnings, grab some 1/21 puts. I honestly hope it keeps going up, it’ll make the fall that much better.
BABA needs to get a move on today
To everyone playing DKNG, we gonna sell if we hit 50 today or we rolling over into next week?
Buy the zm dip or ride back to 350s
Yes... yes I am
Thanks dude, really appreciate the insight here!
Chinese people already don't really drive Chinese made cars

why would they all of the sudden all drive Chinese EV's
People that wrote the calls
It’s been that way for months, you just only got on the NIO wagon now
If you're a call **seller**, you're losing boatloads as the ticker goes up.
Today?
NIO literally bear trapped us
Zoom wrong way homie
Good luck to the nio players. Hope you all make tendies
RIP
[deleted]
It’s over.
But I don’t know you, you cold called me.
4 is bad luck in china. Do 4/4/4
I been trying to wait for pull back to buy NIO common but it never came. I was going to buy at $17 but it just keep pulling away. It’s crazy.
[deleted]
Market needs to open so I can close out and go back to sleep.
You can donate 13k to any number of individuals, tax free, once per year per individual. Neither of you will be liable for taxes on the money, and you get to claim it as a straight deduction in the following tax year.

Edit: that’s 13k per person, not in total. Total is unlimited. So, if you have any family that needs money, this is a great way to help. Or random redditors, lol
Call sellers dummy
2k on NIO at open. want to make enough to buy that new mac mini baby
Anyone who inverses WSB is preparing to declare bankruptcy.
Appreciate the input :) , thank you! 

Got my fingers-crossed!
NIOs still going up but my gut is telling me todays gonna be weird.... might sell and buy shares in li autos..
When literally every other comment on wsb is about one stonk, you know it’s about time to get out of it
What an earth are you talking about!! NIO is almost passing Volkswagen, which makes it ONLY 3rd largest car manufacturer by market cap and is ALREADY producing 1/250th of cars per year as Volkswagen.
Why what happen?
I need to unload them....
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yahoo finance - NIO - Engulfing Line (Bearish). Puts it is
[deleted]
Ok NIO fans. I know you keep shouting for NIO $200 and higher (and that’s why people are annoyed), but realistically how high are you expecting it to go.
Yes! We’re all just in your dream! Wake up please so my puts can print
Nothing is really up besides EV. Lmao
[deleted]
No that’s beast king.
harder to sell a turd you can smell
I've learned my lesson. Never buy puts on Chinese EVs.
THat's what they all say to make themselves feel better about their shitty views. You can actually progress/evolve get better in life, you know.
11/16 spy calls gonna print this morning. to hold, or to sell hastily while i'm clocking into my bullshit 12-hour wage dumbass job
Zoom dying. Again?🤔
Buying FSLY puts today. The pop on positive Tik Tok news is a good buying opportunity. If you look at Tik Tok’s careers page, it is obvious that they are looking to bring CDN functionality inhouse and build it themselves.
Lol I’m such a bitch for selling my NIO calls yesterday
Those getting into NIO now, you know what happens when this sub is filled with chatter on one Ticker. And if you don’t, then ...
LETS GO NIO AND DKNG!!!!!
Wtf zoom
Not luring but more just short term traders scalping. Anyway we go up and come back down are the luring days. It’s hard to tell tho because we always get random BS vaccine news
It has a honest business and they atent cooking their books.  It all come crashing down.
"ITS THE FUTURE"
The market has been trying to price in a housing crash that will never happen. A lot of housing related stocks are trading way below where they should be.  Imagine being bearish on housing at 2% interest rates and a flood of printed money.  Sometimes institutional investors are more retarded than anyone.
Keep buying EVs retards
Idk why ACB is still green
Zoom drilling because Trump might win second term so no more lockdown?
HAHAHHA so puts at open? And then calls at the bottom of dip sell on Monday
Don’t try it, it’ll hurt ur soul
am retart. buying NIO 11/20 60C's. Here is to me going homeless in December. GLTA
Yeah not feeling too hot about my calls rn 😫
I'm not worries about their long game. But prob bought to soon
What's a good trailing stop % for ITM calls expiring today?
3 of them out of nowhere, sounds like weed hype to me
I’m down to watch Trump try to explain statistics on a little chalkboard next to a fireplace
Sold at a loss...
Didn't buy options for this play, as I couldn't justify the downside to this trade, so I ended up just buying 2k shares.
Puts on NIO? Lol
[deleted]
FSR is mooning
But sometimes, some things... turn into dumb things.
It won't go much past 60 if it does. It'll be a large % loss, but I shouldn't have to sell my leaps to buy them back EOD.  


I hope.
I have nio already so I'm going to buy Li at open
Buy more nio?
I will do you one better, i have missed 5000 life changing plays.
Uh oh that lasted so long.
I have Fisker and fastly calls. Holy shit, I think I’m just gonna sell at open
i had to cut losses yesterday, china stonks are risky
I laugh every time I see this meme. That dude’s bong hit stance is so aggressive.
I wouldn't short, still risky for it to moon even more and then crash. No telling how high it goes though
NIO call sellers have to be sweating absolute bullets right now
YOLO, you only lose once?
RSI on NIO daily is higher than half this subs IQ
Am I dreaming or is NIO really that high?
Remember those times when PRPL was a thing
Drilln’t
That's another reason why you never tell anyone even your closest friends that you invest. Suddenly everyone's an expert in investing yet you're the only one doing it.
My sugar boo, I'm levitating
My 1 nio call might keep in the game longer
Nothing wrong with locking in gains.
It's been the same here for about a week. If you shorted then you'd be fucked
Whats ur play? Ill join ya
Yeah I’m selling today, it’s Friday a dip is likely to happen. Go back in or move on to next and enjoy profit up 200%
Yes
this fucking manipulation with GME is gonna make me more retarded
Look at its chart. Better off buying puts
This
I bought at 7 and sold at 16.. I feel you man
🇨🇳 middle class is double the entire population of 🇺🇸 that's fucking insane to think about.
It's not chinese...
🙄
Buy NIO now at open OR Li Autos and hope for that trifecta effect?
Wehre do you see it EOY? Is it like LI and XPEV where it can potentially shoot up to $30 EOY? Or is it not as established. i havent been studying the Western EV market, only China so far.

But based off the growth right now, it looks like its following the same projectory as LI and XPEV and NIO..
Since this is not the standard retarded WSB type response, I need to capitalize on your insight here.  When you say "run people", are you talking about luring people in, then stopping them out and once they're done with that, then they start selling short?
this is the god of all PM fades
You can always buy or sell more. That's not financial advise
If I was smart, I'd have more than one call haha. But it was the last $100 cash in my account at the time. Didn't want to sell other calls at a loss to get on NIO. But also didn't really see it going like this, kinda obvious, otherwise I would have gotten more calls before now.
So many peak American companies to pump but these clowns pump China. It’s sacrilegious
Some reason these usually pay off
NIO disagrees with you.
I sold my NIO 52c yesterday. I swear I thought it was the smart thing to do...
Id a shady company like carvana can tade at 3x sales no reaspn why VRM sould stay at 1x.  Looking for bounce back to mid 40s until next earnings
[deleted]
Only thing is it could moonto 80 then just "crash" back to 50.
EV making money/progress = good for all
Typically, It's a wise decision to not buy at open most of the time, but this isn't a normal scenario. There's a chance it'll dip at some point, but I think there's a bigger chance that it won't. 

It's a gamble. But it's probably a winning one. If you want to maximize profit, in this situation and this situation alone, it might be a good idea to buy at open. It will probably be the fairly cheapest chance you have today.
Solo is a good stock. Weird product but people seem to like it. Imma get in solo after my nio play is done
I don’t think you guys realize how crazy this is about to get. Probably going to hit $55 easily. Articles coming out about China EV market and the volume will flood in. Yesterday the first 10 min candle had 8 MILLION volume. SPY had 743k. Might get calls at open, it’s straight up from here
Paint chips
Convert it all to coins and swim in it like Scrooge McDuck?
aapl do something
No, gay men use toilets just like straight men do.
Sold two days ago at a small loss. Feel sicker🤮🤢
[deleted]
probably SPY puts QQQ calls
Sell dkng at open or we going higher?
That was yesterday.
Sold mine for 270% and feel amazing about it. Glad the guy who bought em is gonna get some too
I bitched but bought $59 calls on the dip lol
Reverse DRILL
Because the year is 2020 and not much makes sense nowadays.
I don’t even need to watch NIO to know when to short, I just needed to look here this morning lmao
Why isn’t RIDE on this EV roller coaster ?
GL HF
Money makes people talk
Not to mention both nio and xpeng base prices are much more affordable than Tesla
So, the full list is avaliable to read. Nio, li, and xpeng are not on the list. They dont deal with the PLA.
Balls deep, will be a great day. Already is
Is wsb down?
And we’re both going to watch some of then make piles of money off such a bad idea.
Stfu melty melt
Uh oh. Pre market Rally fading. This is some real bullshit.
4 4 4
This is the way
Someone sold you their parking space 😂
bro gain is gain seriously don't be sad you made money. Too many people post things where they were up by 500% just to watch it crash and burn.
[removed]
I like being redundant redundant
Chinese EV's are about to teach this sub a great lesson on non-GAAP Earnings and the lengths the Chinese government will go to fuck Americans
The saltiness over people not playing NIO is funny as fuck. The volume has been in the hundreds of millions all week and your bitchy ass spent more time bitching about the “spam” instead of buying a single call. Yea I’m glad the EV talk dominated the daily thread because it made me a months salary instead of playing any other boomer or tech shit that’s done nothing. 

Anyway. NIO 60 EOD.
Imagine closing LI calls yesterday
Gains are gains, imagine if NIO was down -5% rn. How would you feel then?
Buy puts. Nio is going to drop faster then a hot plate in a child hands. Mark my words.
2021 plans for euro market.
[deleted]
Same had 20 x 1/15/21 10c sold makde 16k on and at least rolled the profit into 830 shares at the time but fml shouldve held
Good thing I am dead inside.
Please dump so I can buy in lmao
If u didn’t see this coming don’t know what to say.
Wait, how long did i sleep?
Flex on em
[deleted]
Maybe not 2nd but still worth some money
Profit is profit buddy. Move on to next one
He knows something is fishy, something that forced late mail in voting
Not second to TSLA but I can see their products being bought heavily in India/China due to the size.
well its certainly not going to 270
I am welcoming my new Chinese daddy, as long as it keeps providing for me
Most advice on this board will lose you money, so I’d count that as a win
It’s the dealers just stop running people. People who go long and short here put very tight stops (protraders, not rh). That’s why it’s clustering here. Once they run everyone, it gravitates towards max pain.
[deleted]
You HAVE to realize that people said that EXACT same thing about Tesla right?? Like you gotta

You do know how big China is right? And they’re entering euro market January. Seriously you’re basing your comment off the way you “feel” and it’s dumb as shit
Once deutsche bank sells 🥭s debt to 🇨🇳, then 🇨🇳 is going to own 🥭s ass
Proof?
[deleted]
Does anyone else scales into puts on NIO, LI, XPEV?

I must say my last few days put scaling has not gone the absolute bestest, my thesis was standing mainly on "sell the news/ER" legs, yeah...
There’s bound to be an actual correction soon enough. It’s on a rampage. Historically, they’ve had sell offs after every earnings, good or bad. But it might be different this time.
[deleted]
Hold on to your butts!!! All in on dkng and nio calls. Maybe we go back to even this morning boys
Daily reminder that anyone using technical analysis gets boners at public urinals.
[deleted]
I just want to make money
Kobe fade away jumper on futures
[deleted]
Now, gotta find the next shit stock to buy
Because 1.4 Billion is a lot more then 330 million
[deleted]
On what?
[deleted]
Every 3 days it goes thru it’s total volume. Rinse repeat ?
Sell some, keep some
[deleted]
All this NIO run up from other EV earnings making me think NIO earnings priced in
Just got a postcard about KNDI only worth 400m+, huge upside potential and very little downside.
Zoom CEO said the n-word?
Eww, gross... the poors.
How should I split $12k on calls for the trifecta?
I just want to see it crash for all the loss porn
[deleted]
Same here, LEAPs, I love it long term for many reasons
0.00% return on that Rolls Royce stock.

Thanks for the advice, kind stranger.
why are they linked is Li a supplier to both ?
“You gotta be quicker than that”
Yaaay I got refunded by an only fans scam! What should I put that in? Sports betting? 🤔
Is it just me or as soon as I get used to robinhood set up they change it. At least I have a Li call today
Go back to March and buy nio at $1
They are sexy and you would know one if you saw it.
God nio is seeping into my brain, fucking chinese 5g fuck off
Not for long
NIO $15 eom c’mon let’s wipe half of this sub out
I think 60 today is a bit of stretch, maybe next week?
Never. Everyone was talking about Tesla puts a few months ago. Realistically you’d have to have been very lucky to make money off Tesla puts with perfect timing. It’ll be the same thing with Nio. Just not worth the risk to reward.
I’m with you brother. Cheers to us
Yeah I’m in this dilemma too lol
11/20 baba calls? What the fuck is even happening to Ma?
This.
The homeless bought puts, stupid 🌈 bears
Bannnn
Glad I listened to you bro.
Lol
Glad I Just let one winner ride overnight, wtf just happened?
I’ve been hoping Nio would slow down so I could get more, but I’ll settle for just one lambo and some tendies.
[removed]
NIO better get a move on. XPEV and LI catching up
No. Sold at 3:59
People blame china for all the evil yet pour money into chinese stocks. Hypocrisy level:2020
You don’t need to put the ~ if you’re gonna say about anyway
So far every Chinese EV earnings has pumped all the others too, really want to hold my NIO call through earnings, it's already up 1300% before this latest rocket.
Am I the only one playing DKNG earnings today?
DKNG and FSLY gaping up overnight would have been more topical if we weren't Chinese EV Bets now haha
That sucks!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Please AMD close at 85+ I want my buying power back
I wanna slob on that bitch but red dont look good on me
I’ve been hoping Nio would slow down so I could get more, but I’ll settle for just one lambo and some tendies.
We already passed the moon.  We’re headed to Mars
Mine are for May
I’m in.
[deleted]
I'm holding NIO after earningd
China has as many drivers as America has people. It will be huge.
good
Buy puts moron
Not exactly true 
But not false either
Definitely thought about buying 2, believe me! Ran all the scenarios in my head last night while I couldn’t sleep.

And I don’t plan to buy at market open, may not but at all if it continues to rise at this pace.

Have other smaller plays lined up just incase!
COVID is fake
ZM call holders are fucked...including me
Depends, when do you want to lose money?
SELL YOUR PUTS IF YOU WANT TO LIVE
gonna crash to earth like NKLA or HYLN
Incoming shutdown inevitable-  Spy calls or puts?
So when are y’all gonna be honest with how you pick stocks?
NIO = EV + Chinese people= investment
Hell yea..... NIU is starting to get some of that magic Ghyna EV juice!!!!
Thank God I didn't buy ZM before close yesterday
There's your dip. Jump in boys
5k microstakes lmao. Come again when you have 6-digits lmao
Hilarious.
[removed]
Kandi?
Returns are penniez, but there’s no reason you can’t do that
Wish you morons would talk about CRSR as much as you talk about ev’s
Papa Elon has COVID
Wegen dir Yolo, mam lebt nur once 69x Hebel habe ich bei TR nicht gefunden
“Back in October”....  Crazy to think that it’s up 100%+ in the few weeks you’re referencing that you make sound like a lifetime ago. 🤣🤣🤣
For puts? Yes
I'm expecting a crash today.
Time to experience IV GUH
NIO is the final purge instrument 😂
You gotta live in China to see them.
Yes
Yup
Hmmm, feller by the name of Snow Dan seemed to be saying there was some sorta mass surveillance thingamajig involving every U.S. company handing over private citizens data or something? Idk that was back when I was addicted to ketamine.
If you read the report you would know that their loss was largely because of stock based compensation to employees and other listing fees. This loss wont go into the next quarter. If you subtract the loss from their listing they made 73mil this quarter or 0.08 eps, up 400% from the projected 0.02 eps. Apparently no one is able to understand this.
Data is the new oil and these guys have been secretly mining it for 13 years. As policing moves digital these guys are going to be running the whole show, not to mention half their money comes from the US military which basically has bottomless pockets.
We need to ban traffic
Sry between selling spy puts too early and selling nio calls too early total missed gains are about $80k for the year
hell yeah, pig gang!!!
its gonna print, you gonna quit your job by end of day
i hate how we can all picture an old guy with a boot gun
Realistically when is it time to buy NIO puts? $100? 200?
If you looking to buy into NIO buy into Li Auto instead. When price of Nio goes up so does Xpev AND Li Auto. The Trifecta.
When do you intend to sell? Does the rapid rise in the price concern you?
[deleted]
is there any reason why its surging other than just because its a Western brand EV? Are they potentially 2nd to Tesla?
Low volume premarket lol. Opening bell ain’t here yet
[deleted]
yea link it plz
Fred Duuuurrrrssstttt so dangeroussss
Chinese pied piper
looking good
Honestly same or SOLO
Laughs in Tusk
Does rolling a position count as realizing gains/losses?
[removed]
I have to go to my real job now. Someone watch my calls.
💀
The tofina looks super nice too (still prototype) but still shows you that they're branching out.
Yeah just like you losing 5k in 3 days??? 🤣🤣🤣
what the fuck made you so retarded that you think NIO will be a 500$ stock?
RKT I think it's a bad day to be short this
[deleted]
It’s donkey dick is going to swing until institutions can get ahold of it.
split calls into all LI NIO and XPEV? 

with 10k, you can probably buy between 5-7 calls for 2022. I would do 2 NIO leaps, 2 XPEV, and 1 LI. or like 3 NIO, 2 XPEV, 2 LI
You eluded to it by saying that North Americans weren't about to invent the car. 

With regard to them being closer, no they weren't. They were just as far away (about 5,000 miles). 

Even if Americans had invented the car, how would that justify genocide? How are they even connected? It's like saying the holocaust was good because because Nazi scientists got us to space or because Hitler gave us the Beetle.
I remember when it dropped 7% at open the other day and was green by close.
Well screw you too
I’m not sure yet, probably about tree fiddy 

But seriously I *need* Li to dump. Thought I bought put at the peak but nope, pure autist.
60 might be the top so you gucci
did I miss some vax pump, why is dow and small cap futures higher than nasdaq?
DKNG NOV20 50c at open 

Big truss
Welp, should've sold my puts yesterday. Today's gonna be green
Baba has consolidated at 266... it’s going to pop off any day now
I had a stop order set at $22 yesterday 🤦‍♂️
I really wanted to own shares for NIO back in October but it was going to cost me too much to buy what I wanted. So I bought a NIO Jan 2021 45c for 200 to get some exposure and boy is it paying off
Tell you what . Ill stay away from the calls and just ride these put so everyone should be ok.
But that just means retail investors are on board which is good for everyone
I sold out yesterday after buying SPAQ. Little chapped right now.  But still made profit.
check out NIO. not many people have heard of it
Does rolling a position count as realizing gains/losses?
Nah, NIO and XPEV will beat Li. Both are backed by Chinese big boys, and Nio has the luxury angle while XPEV make one of the cheapest, best EVs on earth.
EV stocks, so hot right now
Pltr January calls?
Maybe if investors ask nicely they'll help the Chinese government gather intelligence on U.S. allies
MACD for NIO looking strong af with no signs of a selloff anytime soon. RSI is overbought but that's because it's trending up like.
# 👆 😂🤣😆

no
I’m gonna buy the rights to this sub with the profit from my 1 NIO 50c 11/27
Would you like to know how i lost 6500 on tsla?
gonna use my NIO money to buy a TSLA😎
I bought shares of NIO when it was $17 and figured I’d buy more when it dipped. Still waiting.
Should I buy NIO at the top?
a very rude awakening lol
Fuck them. It’s Douche Bank yadda yadda, Wirecard Godt in Himmel, Bavarian motën Werke, mutti Merkel, die Änschluss, Euro kaput. War essen sie Biont boing.
Horny for PLTR
[deleted]
We’ve all been there
11-17
Have you heard about the new virus?   It’s called China EV.  You came back positive for it.
Sold my nio position of 2000 shares back when it hit 40. 30 to 40. Wish I had held on, but feel like it's too late to get back in, no way to tell how high it will pump but too risky at the moment unfortunately that's why I'll never get rich
[deleted]
So was is that, like 121 vehicles instead of 100?
Do I look Chinese to you?
Nice
Could be worse, you could've took profit on leaps at $8.... I'd be fucking retired. Clown gang reporting for duty.
60 or 69? 😏
**HIGHLIGHT COMMENTS SINCE LAST VISIT** 

🤡
Can Tesla just go to 500 later today??

no its dead as fuck
Bruh
I just really need DKNG to gap up today above 50. Please.
I would like to shake the hand of LI’s corrupt, book cooking accountant. I expect his great work on NIOs ER as well. Triple Ripper
Omg NIO shills are so annoying. Hope NIO crashes below $5 and wipes out half of this sub.
Tempted to sell all my pltr shares and take a 10% loss and put it on xpev & li. Thoughts? Might wait weeks and weeks to make up my pltr loss but I can gain it in a day or two with xpev & li
Congrats to all Chinese ev holders.  Little salty over here lol total missed gains about ~50k now
Well its been priced in for years now considering it stays in the upper 30s
I Fucking hope so. Holding 1200 shares. Not exactly sure what my entry point is because this shit keeps going up at an alarming rate
BABA to 250 today
Feeling good. Started plowing money in.
Solid and good
Nah, I'll stick with $LI for now
NIO 1/21 65C gang wya?  Do we hold till earnings?
Set a Trailing stop loss % that you decide on selling if it dips that much and it trails for you until cancelled.
Yes. Everyone buy calls after on Chinese car stocks after they are up 30%? Don't get mad at i just think thats fucking stupid and that's why you are here.
Same. I thought it was friday yesterday 🤡  seeing the pre market price, i would be well over 200% right now
Why doesn’t your dick have his own account?
Lol I bought 20 nio 11/27 41c nov 3 and sol them the same day for a few hundred profit. Now worth over $20k 🤡
Yup, decent stuff. Volatile stock tho, but for the next year it should be good.
Is Yahoo Finance fucked or is PLTR swinging from up 4% to down 3% every 2 seconds
Holding Fisker through SPAQ days.. feeling validated !
Tough  resistance
Anybody know some Chinese penny stocks I can YOLO my portfolio into? Thinking software maybe?
I feel no remorse. This is our second stimulus check we never got.
Anyone are to explain how in the fuck the market is green right now? This shit is so manipulated i hate it
Zm back to 365
Get in now?
You will see 3 green opens in a row and then it will bleed red till close. On the third day you will decide to sell. The next morning will be green and you will say haha can’t wait for this shit to happen again. Then it goes up 5% that day.
Heard of false negatives. It's better to design a test that will occasionally have a false negative over a false positive.
China taken over the world.
Or even $1.66 a few months ago.
[removed]
We gonna kang through the whole day?
[deleted]
Need LI to hold this 40 range so badly
Shit, if I just would have seen one more meme about NIO I would have bought in earlier.
Get in Nio they’re all going to the moon
5 cents away from giving you a bj
Doesn’t matter. These retards are gonna pump it without even looking. Calls at open
The name that need not be spoken
Throwing some funny money into KNDI at open
That's when they get you, third strike. BOOM the high wears off and people go "oh fuck we've gone up XXX%"
This doesn't mean he has Covid, it means that the test is generally unreliable. The creator of the test confirmed this.
ZM no don’t do this bb
seems up a bit at open?
With new lockdowns being announced by the day, i see it easily breaking 500 before christmas
don't let your dreams be dreams. This baby is going to $100

jk I wouldn't touch it
I think adding calls to XPEV and Li is the move if you also have nio right now
I don’t know where to put $10k. I need a 5 bagger. Li or Nio ?
Li Auto beat earnings and increased vehicles by 21% since Q2!!
Good idea
Immer gerne!
Yup
Now that we’re past earnings, if the IV drops a bit, I was thinking those 1/21/ 22 15c may be of interest.
PRICED IN
FSLY 😲
I'm with you bro. It's just so unpredictable. People here get burned the day it dips with their weeklies. They are sheeps and most people have no idea what they're doing. Not flaming them, I'm glad some people make a lot of money off nio and I hate myself for not jumping in but I got burned so often by watching things go up and up and the moment I join it dips.
Worst part is once I capitulate and buy it’s all over for the Chinese ev industry 😂💰🔥
Buy shares
If Amd hits 83 during market hours, we’ll gap fill to 85. I have foreseen it
Much more than that. The positive result is almost certain, the negative result can be wrong in a high percentage of tries if you have covid. Unless it's another test which I don't know.
It's a long play, these guys are the puppet masters behind so many different things. They probably know what color the last crap was you did.
Ya it does suck. I mean when I get home it’s not like I’m going to get to interact with anyone and just stay in the basement. It’s being there but not. 

I mean sitting here atm at Detroit international airport and delta is full. And I did fly during the lockdown and the delta flight I took had two people on it from providence Rhode Island to Atlanta. Atlanta was empty on March 23rd. It was really weird. That connection from Atlanta to kc had just me on a 737. 

Delta and southwest didn’t recover all the way from the March 23rd but at 35 and 42 a share as it stands today.  The bottom back then for them was delta around 23 dollars a share for delta and southwest hit 32 a share March 23rd. 

So now looking at sit down restaurants like Darden restaurants (DRI) ( Olive Garden long horn steak house Eddie v’s red lobster) tanked back on the March 23rd lockdown at 34 a share and it’s almost at 107 today. 

So looking at Puts @ 65 dollar stoke price for 23 cents per put on December 18th looks like a cheap gamble to me for (DRI). I would say food looks like a cheap bet and a bigger bottom to drop out again. Keep an eye out and we can help each other so I don’t have to go out in this crap anymore. 

Going back to your statement of a stimulus. I have my worries that trump will not do it while he’s in office since he’s too busy with lawsuits over voter fraud. I have little faith he will help anyone out but himself.  

And another lockdown while he’s in office is doubtful but.... on the other hand hospitals are reaching capacity in a lot of places and it will get worse. But again will he do a lockdown?  I have my doubts on that too. Gonna be hard to hit this bear market.
$ELON
Be aware that the price you see now will be much higher when trading starts in 1.5 hours. The prices showing up right now are reflections of yesterdays closing price. So if you see $3.30 per call for 55c 11/27, expect that to probably double instantly at open.

Set for market purchase if you want to get in as soon as trading starts. No chance that a limit purchase will be executed. Also, try at least to buy two. It's always more satisfying. No matter what, you'll always think "if only I had bought more" (providing that it's doing good) but at least youll make double what you would have made with just one.

If your worried about if you'll win or lose, I'm pretty sure you will win. That's just one mans opinion, though.
That is nice. The thing i saw was some kind of half car on 3 wheels
Start now
You talked about NIO, ban
new TSM foundry approved in Arizona :)
Good point
yoloing 22.5 11/20 calls, to the moon 🚀🚀
All depends on the CCP really
Tesla who? What? I only know NIO
[removed]
Can anyone explain to me why PFE hasn't moved any really when it has the biggest news out opposed to every other company?
I remember when it was $15.
Li Auto holy shit.

28% 2 days in a row. Madness!!
You should sold
theta is crazy
Earnings beat is bearish. That said, no one loses as much money as NIO which is ultra bullish
Say it again will ya👏🏽👏🏽
Oink oink
Depends on how much you’re handcuffed bankroll wise, how much you’re down, and when your expiration is.
Mine is sore so very sore . but all good get yours. Ill live to catch mine another day.
Yep LI calls at close were the move....shit is gonna fly today. The whole EV market for that matter
[removed]
I think they both want it but here’s the problem... If it passes now the debt is seen as “republican national debt”, if it gets passed in January or later it’s seen as “democratic national debt”.
We absolutely do.
Yeah I tried shorting it at 49... worked for about an hour when my 11/13 46p went ITM. 

Time for it to expire worthless today clown 🤡
what does this have to do with WSB dude?
[deleted]
Because boomers move slow. Things that move as quickly as the ev market scares them, so They downplay it and discredit it. Especially the chinese ev market.
Fuck yea I would. The moment it comes to the US, I’m in line.
Calls on brown paper bags
Only if Jack Ma gives Xi a happy ending
[deleted]
FOMO into Fastly at open?
I'm just a stupid bear but I'm starting to think that the market is just eating time off the clock to go higher, or the reason we keep peeking at $355 is because that's the sell price for all the big / smart money to leak out before the drop?
Bc he’s a sore losing beta cuck who can’t handle his own mistakes.
YOLO that into some impossible otm call or put or both
Tsla is a boomer stock that can’t even keep a $420.69 price level.. PUTZ
They’re like 5 years behind, but maybe
Mmmm, state owned corps having the backing of the machine to print money into it...I'm in....have been since 26 a share ;)
top is in
And you know the sick thing about this NIO 50c 11/27 Tendie Coupon I have? I’m gonna hold it til NIO ER even though I will most likely be up over 200% today 

Greedy pig gang rise up 🐷🐷🐷
Imagine buying NIO in 1997 at 2 cents
why aren't you tagged?
More like Li talk...
In China, yea most likely. Doesn’t exist outside of China yet
NIO please don’t dump before open 🙏🏽
Did you miss off a zero?
DKNG 50 by open
Yeah, just flip your phone bruh, ez
[deleted]
Buying next dip before Wednesday then collect tendies
I laughed way too hard at this
Or if it’s a 0dte -99 to -100 anyway cause they sitting on 38p 11/13
change the name of this sub to NIO talks
Anyone listen to the DIS earnings call? Sure they had a slight beat on EPS but I gotta imagine the guidance was "We're effed for the foreseeable future." How tf is it up to 140 AH/PM?!
Bro my crook of a dentist fucking charged my insurance 800$ for removing 2 wisdom tooth, when he actually just removed one and said the other needs surgery.
Baba rising from the dead today?
I’m in leap debit spreads. I fully expect to realize my max gain on these bad boys.
Realistically, how do people feel about BABA as a play into December?
Felt this.
I did the same shit in August refused to just suck it up and buy aapl/TSLA
Anyone putting money into this Fed-pumped market is gambling, whether they know it or not.
yeah I gotta go back and find that comment. Like thanks my dude - up 500% but yeah, you were sooooo right.
But I want to feel bad about myself by imagining what-if scenarios??
Fuck FOMO I’m putting $10k each on the 3 EVs
Travel and leisure will be fucked. Stay at home stocks and tech are going to the moon with new lockdowns starting
Me [laughs in your auto fuck suck]
Fuck should have held my NIO calls. This is fucking retarded.
Why are all the flairs fucked today?????
Wtf NIO
100 by February 2021 lol
DKNG high $69 meme potential. I am IN.
Same man. Same.
I guess today IS included in the next two weeks, so I'll give that one an orange arrow.
Cost basis of .02 means each option cost you a total of $2.
Not looking too great but thankful my calls are for May
Just like every day there's a profit taking dip. That only last about maybe 10-15 and then its smooth sailing from there 🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Unrelated to NIO but don’t forget that neither Dems nor Cons want a stimulus bill done, can’t let people get used to the idea of free money even if they desperately need it
told myself I was going to sell some of my RKT calls going into close before earnings on Tuesday (told myself that when I bought them if it spiked going into close I’d sell), didn’t, value dropped 80% at open the next day despite good news
Yeah man it's gonna dip 19% at open from where it's at premarket.
just did root canal my retired dentist has make shift office at home. $975 with teeth cleaning and happy ending. cant beat it
You known what that means.
PLTR LEAPS yay or nay
I love my nio shares but I was just looking at epev and if I would have bought into them instead my $40k would now be worth over 120k. Holy fuck that’s insane. Still riding the Nio train though. $100 by 2022
My PLTR calls 🤢
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mods, if you ban everyone talking about NIO, you'll stop being sticky gays
Ban
Donate it to my charity fund where I give prepaid phones to homeless people - tax write off for you anyways
I'm closing all my positions right before, then consolidating them to something cheap so I don't yolo all of my money away on IV crush in either direction
I had 10 x 1/15/21 $19 call when it was trading at about $13 and sold it because I was up 100%. 🤦🏻‍♂️ Id be retiring if I held on to it.
NIO is gonna be my one regret forever. I been eyeing it since early June at sub 10 dollars, and now it's 52 and a full blown meme on here. I could've changed my life with NIO, but for one reason or another, I kept missing out. Sucks man.
First thing I thought, this 'pump' is going fuck my tech holdings lmao.
YESS BABY YESSSS!!!!!! 🤤 set your trail stops. We making money today!!
you know they release earnings on Tuesday, and if xpev killed it, then you know nio did
> • COVID will be a part of americans' life for decades

I know this is a retard sub, but even here there must be limits to how insane shit you can spew.
So now there's 3 Chinese EV companies with some of the biggest market caps in the World. Nothing odd about that.
Looks like someone didn’t buy NIO.
🤔
so even after all the run up, i could have put all my money in li ah, and copped 25% of it back? fuck man im so bad at this game
You ever saw a NIO car on the road?
She’s already rich beyond her dreams.  Doubt it.  At some point what are you gonna do with all the money?
Too late, opportunity is missed
I only have 4 forever hold positions: MSFT, APPL, AMD and AMZN.  And I say forever loosely because although I entered them a decade ago, I have no problem selling half it there is a 5% downturn.

Per your question about value, value only has value if it's not dead.  All these folks buying things that are cheap now need to be certain they are coming back or else it's not a value play but a gamble.  Hey, buy them for quick turns all the time.  When PFE announced 90% efficiency, AAL MGM and AMC all jumped at least 25%.  I know full well I could be wrong but right now, I'm not buying value because they are cheap.  I'm buying value because the slightest catalyst causes them to pop.
Everyone sniffing round NIO when PLTR is the real bitch in heat.
Should I wait till like 10 for nio calls or right at 930
You could say this at a time about literally anything
Going to try shorting some NIO here at 52.50
[deleted]
Nio is eventually going to have one red day of like -1% and all of the NIO bears are gonna go "I KNEW IT". Congrats NIO bears - you will go from -99% to -98%
If profit taking was going to happen it would've been in the 3 hours before close yesterday, this shits going close to 60 EOD
Song
PLTR is giving me a heart attak. Up down all around. Like some big swinging donkey dick
Me [Laughs in Handsome]
Nio xpev gang 🚀🚀
Here’s another perspective: BABA after last weeks dump was ranging daily from 285 to 300 range. At that point you could buy 295 calls at the bottom of the range and then 295 puts at the top of the range and make money strangling it both ways. I had sold my puts and held my calls Tuesday expecting it to ramp up the next day, and *I didn’t hold puts overnight* - that is stupid and an obvious mistake. 

It tanked that night and if I had held my puts on strangle (as I should have) they would have been worth 980% profit each, bought in at 1.70 (170)and sold for 24 (2400) a piece. That’s unreal. And it’s an expensive lesson about hedging a volatile stock.
Tesla has the self driving angle though
Holding through if LI/XPeng were anything to go by
I'm tempted to diamond hands but I'll probably bow out today or monday at the latest, and either enter back in with spreads or a put maybe.
Papa Musk is sus of corona virus
Rds and bp are the ones i would stay away from shorting. Go for oil itself or xom
Is NIO a threat to TSLA?
Uh PLTR just jumped a dollar instantly fuck my ass.
Economic recovery slowing 

Vaccine

Yet everything is green lol, either tech is fucked or travel and leisure is fucked not both are looking good here lol
SV Delos time!
Someone's selling 105,350 shares of AAPL in premarket?
I didn’t say the colonizers invented the car. But they were closer.
[deleted]
Looking good as of now!!
I got 46p 11/13 when I thought 49$ was the top.... boy was I wrong
[deleted]
SV Delos time!
After Mango's smooth transition to second term
With all these Chinese ev up, I think TSLA as a company is dead

Buying leap puts at open
I'd like to understand how you came to that math.
I don't even care if NIO corrects to like 40 bucks or whatever, I'm convinced this shit will be around for a long time
same here brother!
I’m finally unbanned. And just wanted to start of with NIO NIO NIO NIOOOOOOO
[deleted]
Nio stock split today!!!
Yup.
Already priced in bro
Imagine betting all in those cheap 1/15/21 NIO $7 calls on May 28 when it was traded around $3.6
>Their intentional mismanagement in 08 financial crisis.

This is a sentence fragment.
[deleted]
Mmm, non-GAAP financials 🥴
Hahaha dude... you ever see the VW bug. Also market SUCKS that saggy ball sack rn because of election, lockdown, and virus. 

People are FOMO over Ev gains and are gunna folk here. The volume is insane. And solo being around 5$ everyone wants to get It gets to where ever. It’s earnings for EVs rn and EVs are undoubtedly the future. 

They don’t just make that 3 wheeled car but if I lived in a big ass city, I’d want a small car that I can park any where. 

They gunna tank... someday. But imma ride this EV waveeeee and hope I don’t fall off
I think you’re right, I’m gonna sell half and let the other options sit. It’s pretty much free now.
Nice crop bro
:(
You. Don't.Give.A.Shit.About.MONEY.
If I were you I'd be shaking in my boots!
>voting machine scandal

what scadal is that? The trade war was started a long time ago.
Salty
These nio gainz r filthy!!!! And we all pigs!!!!!
Hold JD thru the weekend into pre market earnings on monday after seeing pinduoduo or try to sell at the top today ?
Shall i sell BABA at loss.  I m fed up holding this shit while all other stocks pumping 20% .😡
Same lol
Yeah right BABA I’m not falling for it again
the difference is NIO has more mkt cap than both of those two combined & a higher market cap than daimler (mercedes)

but hey if youre ok with the risk

it can definitely pop higher but the risk grows on every one of these rallies
If you unlucky bastards short oil i bet it will hit 60$ again
That's what I said on another post. Solo is ugly but eroadster is classic
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This remembers me my days as cryptotrader 😅😅😅
Lol, one of these days I'm gonna just go yolo on NIO calls instead of pussy ass 1-2 calls
What's ya'lls thoughts on PLUG?
Lol, don't even need to mention ticker.
Starting to look like a Kpop sub.
Who just murdered my boy ZM in the PM?
[deleted]
A week after NIO ER, when I close all my positions 🐷
Yeah man getting shit repaired on your teeth is expensive af
Donkey Kong Dildo 🚀🚀🚀🚀
take the F and just pray for the rest of us to keep mooning man
Jesus Christ NIO about to break 53 premarket
It's house money at this point buddy.

I bought 515 of them yesterday morning and filled a sell to close order for 149 of them at around 1pm for 7 cents a contract.  

You should be saying congratulations and fuck you instead of raining on people's parades.
This is peak WSB
Li auto beat expectations on earnings this morning. Huge rocket ship to the moon today? Yessssir
OK Nio, stop going so high premarket..I want in already!
ZM just keeps fading fading fadinnnggggg away
Guess I’ll hold these NIO puts over the weekend so they become truly worthless.
Loose is what happens to your asshole behind the Wendy’s.

Lose is what happens when you invest the $5 you got paid.
Me too! A quick -70% in 5 mins
You’re not retarded dumbass get w the program
Big up big upupupupupupupupupup
DKNG looking great this morning. Please hold!
You'll get bored in 3 days bro
Here I am losing money in baba and you are all rich on nio
Except Tesla has years of growth and the freedom to do whatever. NIO is the most obvious pump and dump of the fall.
If u haven made money on Chinese EV by this time I have no FUCKING words but:  GET IN RETART WE HEADING TO ATH AGAIN TODAY
Don't worry. I'll try my best to ride the PoS to the ground when the time comes. Same with Li and XPeng.
I have a damn order cancel that's been open since yesterday and I can't cancel the cancel. Their shit is screwing up too much lately.
Things are going too well for WSB this doesn’t happen here
Li Auto increase vehicles by 21% since Q2. Listening in on live call rn.
NIO profit taking at open??
**When do the news that China manipulated NIO and LI numbers?**
[deleted]
9 11/13 Etsy 332 calls.. sell at open or wait...?
What's DKNG doing?
Can you explain what youre trying to say?
My NIO 50c 11/27 is going to be worth a lot of money
Disney + is the focus my dude.

Also, ESPN isn't on it's death bed.. It's again being gobbled up by Disney + they are restructuring all of their entertainment under 1 umbrella.
NEIN
Rapid antigen tests are known to give false -ves but not false +ve. That means if musk's antigen test came back +ve, he likely has Covid.
NIO up 400% since last earnings. This seems like it's going to end well. Are people holding this through earnings or dumping right before.
Goddamn dude, do the half and half
Damn about to yolo into SOLO
[deleted]
my biggest mistake in this has been seeing profit there, but not taking it - then watching it dwindle away. I’d take the profit - live to make another trade
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Every person starts small 😂

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtg7br
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtg7br) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/just_a_addicted_guy, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Mattwmaster58
trash-rocket
mcduff1886
Damnifying
Oh I agree, I just missed the Mark on jumping in for the run up. You can make money with the stock going both ways, of course. Good luck on your calls, and I hope it rains money for you.
You saw 50% growth which is good. 

Just keep reminding yourself that as you look at the yachts you could've had and cry.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
How bout we get a little stimmy talks going well headline for old times sake
It’s only up 2500% this year lmao, how disappointing
CRSR
I’m so fucking depressed for dumping all my NIO options yesterday when it was at $44.  I hope it crashes soon, but it looks like it’s gonna move just like Tesla.
I love this sub.
You buy stock in a company. The individual stock unit is shares. No idea wtf scrips is.
How we feeling after LI earnings?
my plan was to do the same but it never moved all week so i held through earnings
[deleted]
Thats a DLC
If you don’t buy calls today you hate money
Oh shit
Let's go
I’m not buying RKT you fucking mongoloid
Pltr bag holder here. It's getting worse today pre m
Got 200 shares at 38.75 not sure if I'm safe yet. Setting a stop loss at 50
Since when did WSB go German? Now we can really tap the minds of the Europoors r/mauerstrassenwetten
Damn man. Don’t do it. Don’t crash the party for us. Wait until Monday.
Shut up and buy NIO calls
I hate myself for fucking up nio. Told myself to buy at 27 nope. Buy at 32 NOPE. Short at 49 YeS Do tHaT wtf is the matter with me
I bet “buy the nio dip” will be screamed all day as it creeps to 40
Lmao to those who bought NIO puts at close yesterday. How’s the asshole?
Yh I think it’s vastly independent holders. I think it’ll keep running up to earnings solely off hype. Idk where it’ll peak but I can’t see it passing 65
3 fillings for $800 ?? Is my dentist fr
I sold 39c a few days ago
Pulled back .33% since the I check 2 hours ago, it ain't over until its over.
Yes but I shit my pants almost every morning so it isn’t of any real significance.
Everyones like "how are you going to pick up a date in that small piece of shit?" 

Jokes on you bud, I dont get dates anyway. Sign me up.
That's the stressful part of short term investing. Right now at least, I'm investing shares in companies I believe in long term and calls in companies I believe in short term. My share account is much much bigger than my calls acount.
Looking at the Nio graph it's like a ponzi scheme about to pop.
Also less volatile more chances of inclusion into S&P down the line.
BIG GREEN DAY
Those exist as well be but when you go through hot in wsb atm, most the posts are nio
They haven't changed. We have
yeah really confirms a lot of bears invest on this kind of logic "It had a really really good run so now it has to come down". When I first bought into NIO some random guy told me he had puts because NIO has "been such a disappointment"... like wtf are you even talking about.
the Chinese rug pull is coming, get in and out of calls while you can.
That’s your account
You didn’t buy during trump tantrum yesterday?

F
I will say this: I had hedged BABA calls with weekly puts due to feeling I should have a strangle as it was bouncing between 285 and 300. If I had kept those puts instead of selling them when it dipped just a little, I would have made 980% on each of them and had my biggest profits ever, outpacing my weekly 295 calls expiring worthless. It’s an expensive lesson. But made almost all my BABA loss up on a bunch of SPY 1DTE put scalps yesterday, so onward !
NIO is not bad but LI is the real deal, back to back to back 20% gappers. Just went you though you're retarded buying the top, it gapes again
Li Q3 numbers were good so to the moon for all 3.
[deleted]
Winemakers HATE this one weird trick!!!
GE Leaps almost in the money, DKNG Leaps a little out of the money.
I sold NIO in the 14s if that makes you feel better
It won’t dip till after earnings and I believe it won’t even dip to where it is now so how’s the right time
Bro! That’s what burned me too!!!! I was heavy in BABA thinking it was only going up from there because it was just good news left and right for baba and Chinese stocks... like wtf. Appreciate the advice and glad someone can relate
What if NIO is a Trojan Horse sent by the MM’s to wipe out WSB
60 maybe today or Monday
[deleted]
I see Eric andre I upvote
I don’t think you know what insider trading is
already got 5 11/27 calls. I'm safe AF
Don't listen to all these people. You don't have to pay taxes for another year. By the time you do. you'll have more money.
Imagine Jerome Powell printing money to keep stock market up but people still buying poots. Until the fed puts away their liquidity tools, all these companies can get free money on no sale and continue to moon. It’s rampant fraud but that’s how the game is played.
The only thing in common is high volume and up 40% yesterday. Some times it's easier just to follow and flip based on momentum rather than swim against the current. You do you. I think it's a shit company, but I've made a lot since yesterday.
alexa play sail to the moon
Their valuation is higher now than a year ago after a 120% EPS drop and over 30% drop  in revenue. No end in sight for the trouble in their tourist segments.

Disney+ can't keep growing in subscribers if their catalog doesn't grow with it.
Cough pump and dump cough
Any pullback at all on open and I'm going in
I was gonna ask which company between NIO, XPEV & LI but I see the NIO pin.
Why’s this ps5 do all these things but no haptic bootyhole feedback. Seems like an obvious feature
[deleted]
Jan 50c maybe close to breakeven at open but picked up some shares at $40
You are a donut.\*
I sure hope so cuz it just won’t stop going up
No reason to scroll past this comment

NIO XPEV LI DKNG RKT
But the Mandelorian broo
Get ready to sell your calls guys because I'm finally buying NIO calls at open
Just need AMZN to pop. Why can’t it announce an ev. Or at least sell all these Chinese ev on its website
I bought spy puts cause it’s now higher than in February. It’ll rocket to 365 for no reason
I’m not sure I even believe in the company tbh. But I’ll take these wins
I prefer YOLO.
Whoever did the DD on Nio like 4 months ago...you are a godsend.  I will find your post and print it out and frame it.
Without a doubt ....
This morning pump is both insincere and experimenting with an alternative lifestyle. I do not approve.
Told my self there’s no way it’s green today after yesterday’s rally and sold out at +30% on shares EOD. Looks like it isn’t done.
Meanwhile I’m in DIS calls
Fkkkk imma buy it back.. my ego is too big to admit loss but this shit could run to 60 🤷‍♂️
wait till you hear how many under 35's died in traffic accidents
[deleted]
No its not, if its primarily hype driving the stock than its way above any sensible valuation, and a short position makes a lot of sense.
yeah i usually sell OTM short dated covered calls to hedge off theta decay on my long dated calls. I bought back half my covered calls on NIO, should've bought them all fml
TSLA was going to do battery swap but I think they stopped it because people preferred to own their battery rather than constantly trading it out.
[deleted]
Me too, the blue one has option CFDs on oil, etc.
If it reaches 100 I will tattoo the NIO logo on my balls. 

Mark. My. Words.
[removed]
Can’t believe I bought my NIO 55c yesterday
Not gon lie I thought Dow woulda been red today
remember corn gang?
They're up 29%. I think they did alright
[removed]
this is the way
Apparently can’t use certain words that get you insta banned
NIO printing.  now we just need that otm options activity on RKT to materialize into tendies over the weekend
🚀🚀🚀
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Frank Sinatra - "Fly Me To T](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hxibHJOE5E) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hxibHJOE5E)⠀►►⠀ 1:39 / 2:29 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I bought puts yesterday for today and another put nov/20. This has to crash. No way it goes up and up and not stop. It's not even healthy.
Is BABA off the tables today? Is Jack getting arrested?
I’m washing the lettuce now. Next I’ll be doing fries. Then in a couple years, I’ll make assistant manager, and that’s when the big bucks start rolling in



In all seriousness, congrats brother
Sooooooo, are 0DTE 55 strikes on the menu?
Shh don’t tell
I had a bunch of money in VALE on longer dated options. Gave up on it right before it did it’s bounce a week or so after battery day. Freaking obnoxious. Oh well. Onwards!
I told myself to hold Nio calls until the end of the week.. just do it for once... but clearly I don’t have diamond hands
Brethren, wait until morning dip on EV before going in
Are we going to look back and be like "i remember when NIO was $50" 😢
ALL of them cause when NIO smashes its earning, they all gonna be mooning again
It's still at a reasonable market cap compared to the other insanely overvalued EV companies...
NIO call writers. I’m comin fo yo shares.
we're mooning today
M8 they've been around since 2003, wtf you talking about they were the forerunners.
[removed]
Alexa play Fly Me To The Moon
Are there any TSLA bois alive still?
pltr leaps?
Told my old man if he wanted to get rich, buy NIO, a few weeks ago

He said, "son, we're not that kind of family"

And then I reaped that field of wheat night and day

And I worked and I worked and I worked

And I saved and I saved and I saved

And I bought NIO 60C 0DTE 11/13
Disney parks shuttered nearly the whole year, movies are in the shitter, espn is on its death bed, tourism is still a ghost town

Still don't get how they are valued the same as 9 months.
Sooooooo, are 0DTE 55strikes on the menu??
Can't wait to buy PLTR leaps for 1/22 with that tank and IV crush today
[deleted]
are you saying that 3000 otherwise perfectly healthy Americans have contracted covid and died?
PM_4_TRADING_ADVICE
TSLA V3 Supercharging really made charging a lot faster. Barely have time for a piss break and some food.
You forgot about NFLX. More than likely we will see another 5% move up within the next week based on the charts
Don’t do that to yourself lmao I sold a bunch of $53 yesterday. Profit is profit
I trade CFDs not options.
NIO is Powell’s money printer confirmed
Solo has nothing in common with either of those companies. No way it sustains sympathy highs. I just hope it goes higher so I can make a more conservative short strike.
roll the calls brother. this thing will be memed like nio by year end
#LI beat earnings🚀🚀🚀

Buy buy buy
It’s going to just keep rocketing FOMO is just starting to set in have you seen Nio volume? It’s nuts
Yeah, I enjoy watching it and see everyone spam excitement here though :)
NIO just made me cum
What do you think they'll do when they come back for more and you're not there to give food? They will get in and trash your place.
NIO level 2 showing more buyers than sellers
Jesus Christ I just need EVs to dip solidly so I can have good entry point
I'm retard, I bought 1 XPEV put.

But, I am also autistic genius, I bought 25 DKNG calls.

The duality of man.
“WSB is too bullish on NIO. Going puts now is the smart play”

This statement was made every day for the last two weeks lmao
Li earnings good? Am driving HELP
So disappointed in myself for selling nio back at a 1.69
I believe they said the TAM is 100b currently, but they could always expand markets.
Better be A5
[deleted]
Mmmm organic NIO growth
I bought more
Seems kinda dumb to sell before earnings given what happened to XPEV and Li after earnings. My calls are for mid December, ITM already.
someone told me to buy solo in the summer, now it's up 250%, I didn't though of course
So these EV valuations are essentially just people betting on other people betting on other people betting on other people  ...... on one guy who actually thinks NIO will get to $420.69 per share.
Feel like there's too much energy behind it.

Buying as soon as markets open, definitely reaching 60$ before earnings
NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO
If it expired today that wasn't a bad move usually.
Ye, it just feels like asking to be scammed at this point, like literally luckin coffee levels of retard growth
Wow. Nothing seems to be working for me.
FSLY flying
Spy up over 2$ not exactly a bug fade
Yes sir.
feels like a dumb 360 day by noon, then 350 by EOD because kang market
Actually... it might be. “$PLTR: Credit Suisse raises target price to $13 from $11

$PLTR: Jefferies raises target price to $18 from $13

$PLTR: RBC raises target price to $15 from $11”
Oink oink bitch
DO NOT SHORT NIO! Let it RIDE UNTIL EARNINGS
I sold my $42 11/27 calls yesterday when it was at $48 because there was no way in my mind that this bull run would continue.  I made a nice profit on a small gamble but holy shit it's at like $52 this morning.  Praying for a dip because I'm not buying back in at such a massive increase.
Over baby
One might say u r a pussy
Yessir this market has been range locked since Monday. Easiest money this week since the recovering after March lolol
Bough Nio leaps but kinda wish i bough weeklies
He’s been lookin real nice. Put 5 on tiger to win before the masters ( if u don’t bet on tiger ur not American). Hoping he wins I’ll be 100 dollars richer
if Schwab is down yet again....
Hell yeah man!
BABA leaps?
Probably will tank after earnings
So LI could still pump?
BULL Bets today:
Nio
XPENG
PLTR
PTON
ZM
AMD
TSLA

please stonk gods be kind.
Holy fuk what is this company
Depends on how deep the crater is. It's also odd that a company like that can have such a mind blowing loss. It's built to suck govt agency tit and there has been no shortage of that in this administration. Dunno...maybe they overspent on that building in Denver.
INO
Friday the 13th is the last normal day before ‘rona shutdowns 100% of the time so far in 2020. Inverse this shit, buy VIXY!
Jokes on you, the rug can fly and it's trajectory is towards Mars.
People really think the majority of MM are gonna let you hold that NIO money over the weekend? Sheesh
End of Novemberish?
Take your own advice and don’t sell then. A win is a win, but it isn’t the WSB way.
if ur holding calls id sell b4 earnings

if ur holding shares then hedge
75% of this sub
Got 51c, buying back for a loss for the 3rd time. Sold 44c 47c 51c all itm
I'm hoping it dip or crash. This going up and up is not healthy.
Probably rolling mine to calls for next week.
Lol you suck.
XPEV you beautiful bitch I love you 😘
I won't tell you how to lose your money. 🤷‍♂️
CRAYONS MY FAVORITE
So I guess just keep buying nio
lmao how the fuck are you managing to shoe-horn hating liberals into this, are they that big of a boogeyman in your headspace?
At least you made good money. Some people haven't in weeks
$12 put guy checking in.
[deleted]
Leave some 😸 for the rest of us
I lost a lot on BABA this week too, good thing I have leaps dated 2022. Ant IPO was botched not only because of what Ma said, Ma said those things BECAUSE the regulators were already giving him a hard time. They wanted to avoid a debt crisis like 08, which is valid. Timing could have been better, but I don’t think there’s that much conspiracy going on. They def wanted to tame Jack ma a bit, but that’s not the real reason
If it dips under 50 today then buy
[deleted]
Yikes, how much you loose on your puts?
we're ending between 292-294 today on QQQ because short sellers need to cover
Look at tesla
$rkt baby
[removed]
TSLA too expensive
niOMG right now
Donkey Kong 🌝
 I hope this holds. I already pre-ordered beef wagyu exported from Japan as a celebration
Donkey Kong gang rise up!!! 3/21 $45c here
I eat crayons and made $3k today, that's how easy this is
I hate Solo. Ugliest pieces of driving junk ever
That’s simply not true
Agree but for VALE omg 😭
I tried that with Li and XPeng. Hedged with OTM call spreads to break even if they exploded. Tl;dr: I broke even.
Lie?
LI
XPEV FTW, wait your turn
Fuck.. got some nio 60c for next week.  Shit might hit...

Mind is blown 

Holding 2k shares.  Gonna put a stop loss just in case

Tesla ain't joining this party..
#wholesomewsb
NIO BABY 🚀🚀🚀
WSB is a place for losing your entire inheritance, throwing your last $$ for rent on 1dte calls, or making enough to pay off your house. Nothing in between.
That NIO pre market is wild. Up 4 more dollars.
Waited for the Nio dip yesterday to buy more and it never came :(
paper hands are paper hands man.  

just be glad you have what you have and always compare yourself to yourself.  as long as your better than last year that's all that matters
Me
I don't even care anymore how much I've lost before now. Entire portfolio of mine shall be Chinese stocks and calls. Can't lose if China becomes too big to fail.
Pretty pumped pltr is dropping. Loading up on shares
NIO up massive, FSR up massive, UPS up nice....it’s gonna be a good day for me bois
Shhh...... just let it be
wtf is FSR doing and why tf its doing it. Going full retard at market open
[deleted]
That’s what scares me the most. PTSD kicking in
if end of time = earnings then sure
Thanks Mr Rogers
I sold 35call for nio strike $37 3 weeks ago for like 3k. I thought I was balling since I made 1k on them. I am not good at this and I need to stop
Haha yeah brother.
FSR 20c 2/21 buy or regret it eod!!!!
I was being sarcastic...  I’m looking for a 5 bagger - I think this is it. :-)
That’s one ugly bitch
Anyone buying NIO calls at open?
Hold JD through earnings?
As much as I love NIO, there must be a rug pull at some point?
xpev ain't done
For no reason
Need a 10 bagger play that's not nio
So everyone will pivot all the new EV gains back into TSLA once FSD is complete?
I watch his life documentary on Youtube, pretty inspirational. But he can't match Muskrat engineering prowess lol.
Omg vale
Fuck yeah congrats
Damn you never even went up a smidge, every call worst than your last. But who needs a Porsche, right?
Cool tip bro..... I will check it out.
Would y’all buy back $52 nio covered calls exp today or just let them execute (would ur answer change if those shares avg cost basis is $7)? Thanks
Are we fading the overnight bump
DIX with a pretty big spike.  Going with calls today
FSR is mooning in pre-market.
He doesn’t know he’s just talking the talk
Blasphemy
Weird way to incinerate 700 bucks
Ah yes back to 355.50, which will it go from here? Flip a coin! Also, NIO $65 EOD.
At this point the pigs are becoming rich and buying weaponry of their own.
Fuck, what's the next NIO/PLUG to buy a shit load of shares on?
Here comes the 8am fade
Its okay man. I had 1,000 bitcoins in 2012 but spent 500 on “facemelting premium coke” that never came from silk road.
In other news, "FSLY up 42% premarket as news just came in that they regained FSLY as a customer".
No .
kind of laughing at all of the "inverse WSB" posts from earlier this week when it comes to the Chinese EVs
congrats to the nio guys.  happy for ya
[deleted]
Going to buy puts. Can’t wait.
This is the canary in the coal mine comment.
I’ve been in their shoes before, and most of the haters are definitely people who missed out. The ones who don’t care wouldn’t comment about it; they’d just roll their eyes and keep snorting their lines of coke off of a five-star hooker’s chest.
The name of the game is Buy Any Nio Dip otherwise known as BAND
[deleted]
This is the type of insider trading i come for
When did fundamentals start mattering for EVs? Thought it was all about tech days, tweets, and stock splits.
Be careful buying NIO at open, max pain today is **$39**. Not saying it’s going there, but just letting you know MMs are already paying out a bag to call holders, don’t expect them to give much more! Happy trading!
If he hasn't, he's the retard.
Just woke up to news of a promotion this morning boys 😎
[deleted]
[removed]
20k sitting in DKNG 40c 1/15. Don’t know how much I want to trim at open
Time and a place buddy. Don’t look back, look forward.
The elevator music on Li's earnings call is straight 🔥🔥🔥

Li to $69 confirmed
Sold my 11/20 55C at like 42 or whatever it was on Tuesday, im a little fucking bitch
[deleted]
Fattening the pigs for slaughter
🤣
I just talked to him about it he bought NIO at 9$ so he’s basically telling me he doesn’t care as long as it doesn’t fall below 9 again so I’m not too worried anymore
Can’t believe I sold my NIO 57c yesterday
\*Gy
I'm feeling like a tard as well. Sold my XPEV and NIO yesterday
Welcome
tendies are tendies. it’s never too late to FOMO
think I'm gonna sell some of my NIO calls and hop on LI till EOD
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** This may not be alot for you all but im new to investing and fresh 18 POg wish I invested more

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtellc
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtellc) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ignRetweet, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ignRetweet
cgar1310
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
Have you worked with retards?
[deleted]
Lol yes it is but if you’re looking for a 2-3 bagger just keep holding
[deleted]
[deleted]
Its not a growth stock dude. Just buy shares and sell cc
FSLY going to 90 today
William Li > Elon
The only reason I am not YOLOing is because I don't want to lose my Roblox IPO money.
No
[deleted]
DIE SPY DIE!!!
Congrats man. Forreal
I might fuck around and sleep through the entire market and all 3 ev boys will be up 60%
What in the absolute fuck is happening.. Literally a god damn ATM spitting cash.  💰💰💰💰💰💰
Is PLTR good buy today
Leaving a huge amount of money on the table is the worst feeling in the world. 

Missed out on 2 15 baggers this week alone just from selling 1 day early. I’d rather lose all my fuckin money then be stuck with 1/10 of it and wondering what could have been.
Naked AMZN puts that expire today... oh boy
No moat. No patent. 

You want to get rich call up a manufacture on alibaba and get them copy it for you. Sell it on a web site, call it 'Red Bed.' 

Then pay for google adword 'purple mattress' uncut the price and bingo.
Yikes
No
Spy 355C are free money now on any dip.
Tiger gonna win the masters
Bro that’s gonna take over a million years
Financing a 68k car with a 24k salary? Now you're thinking like an American.
Not too bad I would have done the same
I really sold my $7.5k worth of $30 11/20 NIO calls I bought back in September for $2.2 to buy VALE calls for battery day

I might truly be the most autistic person on this sub
Free Money
Literally trying the meme from yesterday lol
I miss the days of leaving a multi billion dollar bank bag holding a bunch of worthless calls
Do it, they had a great earnings just got fucked by that IPO expense. Get either LEAP or Shares although I have shares, think it's the better option
I have SQ Jan 210C.. they touched 200 on earnings so after the dip I thought they’d retest it...keeps dying
I bought nio at $17 on the news that it was issuing more shares. I made a whole $600 on that trade and felt great about it. I am the tard
Reminder: yolo into SOLO. Volume was really high yesterday and it's up a lot already.
Don’t worry boys, throwing my hand in Chinese EV calls today. All will crash
Scrolling thru my watchlist and all I see are missed opportunities.
u gonna avoid Chinese sells  like the plague, got it
SPCE gonna hit 50 soon🥰🥰
+90% isn’t printing.
What is even going to happen with NIO on earnings I am fuckin shook but holding
I mean, my portfolio is $7,000. It's not that bad is it? I just started with the stimulus and I don't do options. Sry I'm not rich yet :(
left 3 days ago. its now going to jupiter
Sold my DKNG debit spreads yesterday 🤡
Sideline money go yeet?
F
I bought nio at 4

But then sold at 7 lmao
I too was in NIO back when I was also in GNUS and XSPA. Fun times. But I just lost 70% of my account when Xi tanked BABA overnight on Tuesday. And I also know how to read. I’d be way bull on BABA long, but China international economic activity and party policy has been all the signs of strongman power moves lately. Their willingness to crush Jack Ma is nothing short of stunning, they shelved the biggest IPO in the history of the world just a week back.... and gave a heads up on new regulation, and pulled Ma into their offices like a dog on a leash... 

This isn’t a football game friend, there’s a lot more going on here.
Bro I fucking sold at $46.7... fuckkkk
Stripe is a private company they can say whatever they want.
Wow NIO
I said 52 too! God speed brother and tendies for you.
Yessss
About to buy my first ever call, 55c 11/27.

Hope you are right!
It dropped 10+% at one point this week and then got gobbled up. Careful, bro. This shit feels like TSLA did this summer.
That's amazing, congrats
should have sold more baba puts.. they've been bleeding into nothingness all week
Wow, NIO really gonna print again today. It’s like a never ending well.
Nice
Oh damn NIO DUMPING!
What do you mean start printing, its been printing all week!
omg FSR..
Yea 11/20 are so fucked.
Fuck man I should’ve deduced that. I like how you think.
I’d like somebody to explain to me exactly what a “Chinese Military Stock” is supposed to be, and how do I spot one in the wild
I’m in 👍
NIO current p/s > 50 lol, yes boys we are currently in an EV bubble. I bought NIO at 22...
[deleted]
I think the DOJ officially gets on board w Trump today and will create a wave of resignations and paper hands.
The short squeeze is on. Short interest is 29%
I should be up $85k at market open.    I'm getting the fuck out of those asap, However,   I'll die with my NIO shares.    NIO is life
Hold till Monday
Take pro fits
yea don't, remember PTON
[deleted]
So my December calls are itm right now and I’m up around 100 percent. Is the better strat to hold or sell and buy a larger amount of otm calls if I think the price is going to go higher
Fuck off PLTR
What's that mean?
30 seconds before close yesterday I bought 100 shares of Li.

Holy fuck best deal ever thank you last me.
if it is being pumped that’s the stupidest thing you could do
[deleted]
[removed]
Heartwarming stories like these are what makes this all worthwhile.  Congrats dude
Just realized I was having 2 conversations with you in this thread haha. Thank you so much!
Dropped 10k on it a week ago and already up 100% as of yesterday. My conscious and TP hands say sell but they were also saying that Tuesday when it was up 20%. At this point I'm either riding them to Valhalla or Hell through earnings
up good this morning for sure
🌈🐻it’s not too late NIO will still take you in with her loving embrace
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm in!
[deleted]
Are my 12/04 $41 NIO calls gonna start printing today?
Deal is imminent
⚽️🏀🍆 😂
Might buy a leap on a dip
Lol, I actually just saw your post earlier. How hard did it print? Also that fucking NIO call $$$ niceeee
Not saying it’s gonna happen but there’s a big gap to fill between $19 and $22 on NIO👀
NIO leaving earth
I'm setting my stop loss st 50
r/babystreetbets
Right? Used to be a TSLA board, and then before that a DKNG board, and before that...
I will look into it. Thanks mate
Lmao fair
DKNG back to $50 please!
FSR heading to ATH, I’m scared
"NIO soars 500% on stock split news!"
It'll be more than one contract O-O. Guess a hot shower and selling at open is in order
Remember when he was a Weight Watchers spokesman? Pepperidge Farms remembers.
We have standards here.
if LI is like XPEV,it'll reach 50 EOD
God I’m a retard for selling calls on my NIO shares
[removed]
Who bought $PLTR Nov 20 $11 puts on Wednesday?
Hold the line DKNG!
What is this? A yolo for ANTS?
Mine look similar the 17c is  not looking too hot right now
Yeah i might lol
slide through [thebullprophet.com](https://thebullprophet.com)  got some slick licks and huge dicks over there
It's moving today
Free Tibet should really be free BABA
And two negatives make a positive! So he is thrice infected!
Bought fsr 22 calls for feb.  shits going to be $22 next week
3
Can we turn VFF into a meme please?
[removed]
Good entry for some PLTR stock buys today?
Vaccine plays if Moderna comes through with good news? Thinking AMC pump again
I miss those days when we use to say
"Money printer go brrrrrrr."
It will initially crash because of instability due to riots and shutdowns domestically. Trump believes that China is responsible for the voting machine scandal and has begun to wage a full scale trade war against them. China is heavily invested in our tech markets and will pull out quickly to create further instability.

Once the vaccine rolls out and people chill, well enter a strong and prosperous 4 year stretch in America led by Jerome and Orange man.
congratz bro
might as well have gotten the nurse to flip a coin
MY NIO 40C 11/20 IS FUCKING PRINTINGGGGGGG
 I was down a bunch on Dec 30c, and hit the green and posted for the lols.   Happy I didn't bail. 

https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jr2lau/im_killing_it_on_li_calls/
That’s wild, congrats
$200 EOM
“Lockdowns” would only be effective if people bought in. With half the country thinking Covid is a hoax, the lockdowns wouldn’t be that effective to stop the spread
Go get Nio calls at open
69
Going balls deep 0dte calls. Raised guidance during these times? Holy smokes this will flyyy
Yeah but at a price average of 1.35 each? It was a steal. Should've gotten more
Omg! So many haters! Telling everyone to sell, BK, get out now they said. To be honest- they convinced me to sell a large piece of PTON(unnamed chat room that I’m still mad at lol). Some people laugh at you when you tell them what you bought and they say: look at that garbage, the short interest is at 40%!!! And I say: that’s one of the reasons I bought it. If it has the potential to turn around, that short interest is the fuel to FUCK every bear on the way up.
Ok, I’m going in
Well, his gain is your loss so, jerk off to that.
CBAT
*3 for 1
Rotation from Chinese EV stocks into more Chinese EV stocks
short it then
XPEV
It’s going to keep going up
People saying to find a CPA don’t understand taxes. Once sold this will either be short term cap gain which is taxed at your ordinary income rate OR if you hold for longer than a year then sell it will be taxed as a long term cap gain which is 15%. Selling all alone is enough to put you between 32% and 35% individual brackets for 2020. There is no grey area when comes to capital gains. Nothing special a CPA can do for you here.
Change name to Beijing Bets please. Or Beijing Biden Bets - BBB
Nice
Damn how many autist will be left if nio crashes
Were the engineers American? Then no what you claim is incorrect.
Pretty sure FSLY doesn’t even use Fsly anymore
Where’s my comment from yesterday where I said nio opening at $52 ? 👀 and we testing $55 today that’s when I’m exiting my 11/13 50 and 52 calls
Jelq before market open to increase NIO price
To the moon 🚀
Lmao this was all I was thinking while I swiped up to purchase 😂😂
FSR doesn’t even have production yet and might be the next meme
I did the same thing. When market was on Easy Mode ran account up. Caught myself doing fomo and rage trades and went down to 30% of my holdings. Quit for a couple months. Saw market tank in Sept. Came back, and kept myself to day trading or swing trading monthlies and cut myself off at 20% profit or 10% loss of value, no matter what. Got account back up. Saw some patters on bull trends and started scalping. Got to 2x my account balance. Lost 70% of it because of BABA tanking overnight. Held that loss until yesterday before locking it in. 

Felt bad man. But, saw SPY overbought and bad news rolling in. Made a bold play and made 90% of it back it up the same dang day, on SPY 1DTE puts, and HD calls. 

Change strategy. Write down a plan for each day and stick to it. Don’t chase trades. It’s either your trade or it’s not. And it’s okay to sit out for a while, and just watch the markets move. 

Good luck.
Fuck spy when you can get chy!
[deleted]
a certain three letter EV ticker is getting mentioned so often here i’m wondering if someone’s trying to pump demand
You still could TBH.
Paying off my mortgage today with Nio quarterlies I bought when it was $22. Thanks autists. And yes, selling at open.
don't let Chinese EV distract you from the fact that DJ Khaled has been working out for 10 years and still weighs the same
[deleted]
Played puts on it yesterday during some China trump tweet. 50% in a 5 minute period. Sold not touching now
Keep it, man. Gotta take a screenshot with the big return lol
Eron muks
Maybe. Who knows but at the same time people could become rich too.
Why?
Reminder: yolo on solo. It's beginning the pump phase...
Linde? Like the industrial gas provider?
60
We’re all Chinese in here now
Not at all, I’d rather be a NIO cuck than NKLA chad
No
10% of your funds with 10% stops. Don't play weeklies.
Its the 2nd Friday the 13th of 2020. The last one was in March. Sell sell sell
Yeah, for sure, it's in there. (Source: Am American, haven't read the 2nd amendment closely)
No
Bears are the neckbeards of WSB
Oversold?
it‘s never too late to get into Nio 🚀
[removed]
[deleted]
Always another corp to take their place. 

You act as if we rely on them.
Yeah!
only if you wanna miss out on a tremendous amount of tendies next week retard😂
Yea, cuz he has super powers. That's why the tests don't know wtf to do. I'm sure Covid was there, but when it got caught red-handed in his nostril it died of fear and shame.
Honestly could be right
Well, you could put your money in Nikola instead.
NIO $60 EOD
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nio is too 100 on RH which is scary....
If MRNA has lower than 90% effectiveness it’s going to plummet to $30
After this most recent dip, I’ve got 23k in SE leaps, calls and a few shares. That’s way more aggressive than I meant to be with this stock
Or a 1 to 5 reverse split👀
Forget Chinese New Year, with BABA it’s Chinese Groundhog Day!
I’d coooom. 11/20 190Cs
U literally described pltr yesterday
LMAO
Sell NIO calls expiring 11/20 at open?
Nope we ride it to $60
I bought puts on nio and xpev yesterday. Not a great idea.
Do we still believe this
Ahahah
he can put in stop losses you know. Its on him if you tell him to and he doesn't

offer to show him how trailing stop works if it makes you feel better
Don't. I beg you not to.
Ya JB is gonna privatize more functions of govt, and libs arent gonna say boo cause its their guy.  2/21 25c
[deleted]
You called? 😭
So you have 3.5M?
I'm still confused on the FSLY movement. They are up 13% on tiktok news when tiktok doesn't even use FSLY anymore. 

Do I jump in or this is going to pop.
The colonists of North America didn't invent the car or the wheel either though :S

I imagine that most Americans would share your views that colonialism was more good than bad because it's the reason for your existence - in nations which used to be empires it's a little bit balanced (in the UK at least), but then if you look at the real population centres of the world - India, China, Nigeria, you'd get a resounding no because they were the victims of colonialism.

And btw, the debate about the morality of colonialism isn't new. It was happening back then too.

The revolt in Haiti especially lead to much more support for ending slavery and colonisation in the Carribbean, for example.
Remember when wsb wasn't a nio board.
up
Do we sell nio at open boys 🥺🥺
How far can NIO realistically go today? Could it reach 55?
Good for you, nice trade
Really want to sell my Feb $55 Nio calls at open, wait for a drop, then buy back. But damn, it barely drops so its not even worth it
Hope you like Rice 🍚
Why not?
Bears every day: *I* have successfully timed the top. So obvious. These stupid bulls are going to get slaughtered. Pure euphoria driving these markets it makes no sense. I’m so smart. My mommy always told me I was a special boy even though every one at school was too stupid to realize it. God I’m so smart. I’m going to go rub my nipples while looking in the mirror and ignore futures because I’m so confident.
We all gotta start somewhere
fucking hell, hoping to exit these aids GME FD's today
He didn't say he was.

He said he was cool with them. And he is.
Lol we both know they are going to fall at open 😂😂
That claim is from a paper that, last I checked, had not been published yet. The statistics used by the authors to reach that conclusion were bull shit. I don't foresee that paper getting published in it's current state.
It only goes up
If they die, how would you get food, clothes, power, internet, medical help, and tour credit card?
Considering I bought 100 of these for $2 yesterday, goddamn you and congrats
Hang on man.  I never said there wasn't going to be a crash.  And I think that's what people have been jumping on.  Folks accusing me of saying, "This time its different" somehow are implying that I'm implying the market is forever buoyant. 

As a guy who took house positions on behalf of the bank, often against retail, I'm saying there is an objective difference in the flow of transactions now versus when I was employed to do it.

 Folks call it dumb money, as a trader I don't give a shit. It's transactions, not the rationalization behind the transactions.  I would love nothing more than to see one 60% pandemic crash every quarter. We didn't make money because we cared about direction.  We made money because commentators like you wanted to convince themselves that they could codify something that is inherently random on a moment to moment basis.  The more erudite the rationalizations were, the less money those guys who made them make.

Without sounding offsensive to you, you sound like a someone who is versed in the principle but per my original critique, not spent a day in the trenches.
Plot twist: NIO announces 3 for 1 stock split on Tuesday
sq to 190 today just watch 👀
I too am one of those idiots. I did make crazy money off TSLA if that counts?
Cant believe my stupid AF 0DTE VXX puts are going to print
Imagine shorting chinese EV and getting your puts reamed with 20% day
52
 can see two middle fingers here
Good god NIO
Not going to end well for you if you buy puts rn on NIO. Stars are aligning on it
Tsla now a boomer stock tbh
New vaccine
I really want to get puts on NIO but I promised to never buy puts on stocks with retard power. Shit is just gonna keep going up
Can't wait till baba  shakes that anchor from around its neck.
He doesn’t sleep
Bro it’s up to $52 per share... the only reason it’s going up is because of WSB... Boomers are slamming their heads into terminals as we speak  it’s eventually going to drop off...
As most stocks do when they have earnings the next morning doesn’t mean insider trading. Doesn’t mean it goes up.
[removed]
Same. I don't ever hate on anyone making money!
Why should we rally today?
Last time i checked it was a us stock market not damn beijing exchange
Same. I don't ever hate on anyone making money!
Sooo leaps on ARKK?! Im in!
borrow 1700 from your wife's boyfriend and own it
Honestly because now I will gladly defend and shill for China as long as their stocks make me money
Yeah youre fucked bub
I understand the NIO talk being exhausting. Seriously though the haters need to shut up, don’t be a kill
joy. Always other opportunities down the road.
I totally agree. I remember wanting to buy a bunch of NIO just a few months ago. After LK and just China in general it’s hard to trust
ban
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Linear Regression

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtf5pp
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtf5pp) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/throwawayprivate33, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
throwawayprivate33
RedditDani
Sayter
Michael---Scott
1337cet
We’re shooting into andromeda!
🤡
Rug pull at 52
F
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
FBI. We found the guy!
I think that’s ER date
This is why rich people (not on this sub) preach risk mitigation. Don't throw large amounts of your portfolio at any singular trade. Especially if you follow some of the retarded tickers spammed here. I follow this sub for amusement, not for advice.
[removed]
It is! 100% TAX FEEE GAINS BITCHES!!! The only good thing about a Canadian account 😂
0dte
no, you don't understand. Because she's Asian she MUST work in a factory even if she gets like a million dollars in allowance a month, that's what Asians are destined to do /s
DKNG heard y'all talking shit
Market cap $65B. Nobody’s weekly calls are going to affect the price in here. Unless people here are algos for MMs.
Nio is oversold? What are you smoking? Pass that shit
[removed]
Oh I'm ready for this holiday season baloon effect. The media will swarm every case they can find of families who are choosing to live there lives. They will attach themselves to all the elderly deaths they can find who chose to see their family again. Puts til February
going off the comments

sounds like nio puts at open.
I don’t trust em but glad folks are making Money. Just hope they know it will crash one day and they profit grab
[removed]
That's what happens with high risk strats. Small chance to make large profits, infinitely smaller chance of crazy high gains if you keep risking the whole stack.
Thank you, bro. Ily. To valhalla.
PLUG doesnt stop
Yeah fasly by open!!!
is there any love  in here for donkeykong ?

all i see are chyneze ev comments
Now all we need is Cathie Wood and Dan Ives to talk about how innovative and life changing the Chinese EV story is and Li, Xpeng, and Nio will all be 1000 before eoy.
I only have $800 in my account now and I’m afraid to put anymore in. Wtf can I afford with $800?
Do you really think a stock up 1300% in the last 6 months and just pumping 10% a day gives a fuck about your channels
Cheers brother
Cbat climbing nicely ... lithium battery stock
Red by open then rug pull at open. SPY 347 by 11am.
so nasdaq getting sold off again? jesus...
Why you so butt hurt
Opening at $53
You may get a Pump bounce today but they'll close worthless.

I hope. Because I sold 60cs off my leaps for a couple quick bucks last night.
Don't know why this got downvoted but he makes a fair point. both covid tests and object detectors are probabilistic classifiers. That is, they can sometimes be wrong (non zero false positive, false negative rates).
3170 12/18 calls
I can't be the only one here who doesn't like to play these chinese companies right?
Imagine thinking a spy company doesn’t know what they’re worth at IPO and it’s gonna double
[deleted]
Rkt is green today.. puts at open?
my b i occasionally lurk in here
Coin flip
Ya I am holding some longer dated puts but the little movement on earnings is brutal either way.
I've met some doctors who are pretty shit at math, so nothing is a sure thing here
Switch to shares bro. You have to change that YOLO mentality trust me
Remove that yatch on the cover and put a nio
Why? What position?
Puts on tsla
We should all fomo in draftkings before it hits 50 today
Uranus
If youre not OK with a 5% swing you shouldn't be in volatile investments.
So will the loss porn next week
It s true that a decent indicator is when all i see here are green charts all from same trade. So we must be near
Having the same debate, though I don’t think the crash will be that bad
Good, I want shares of that. Let it die so I can get cheap shares. Government, army, and Healthcare contracts are BIG gains from that ER
Ban
Lol, not a boomer. Born in the 80’s, whatever that makes me Y/ Millennial I guess
I remember some retard using this same video as a meme here when covid was settling in America and it was the funniest shit I had ever seen
Pour me one with you, I went all I’m 351P 13/11 at close
What calls are you buying for $NIO. Halp me FOMO with you.
You asked as if it's the least mentioned ticker on WSB lol
[removed]
They got clothing and NIO house
Everyone is looking at NIO
PLTR good price now
Nio is going to explode today
The FOMO in NIO is real.
He debated Jack Ma (whose company is developing actual AI rather than Tesla's "is this a person or a tree" algorithms) and laughed at him (along with his fans).

Elon Musk is a prime example of someone who is smart about a few things and because of this, thinks he's smart at everything.
**jiunit** , kminder in **1 week** on [**2020-11-20 12:42:22Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-20 12:42:22Z&reminder_id=67325708c2d54dc4b0ab2d4b1d17b75c&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc5c57b/?context=3)

> kminder in 1 week phgts

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-20T12%3A42%3A22%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtf81v%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020%2Fgc5c57b%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Set timezone, Update remind time, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-20 12:42:22Z&reminder_id=67325708c2d54dc4b0ab2d4b1d17b75c&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can use the same reminderbot by email by sending email to bot @ bot.reminddit.com.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Good earnings and upped guidance and now three more states voted to legalize sports so will be coming online soon. User growth going up. All bullish
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Haha okay NIO bandwagoner. I’ve been on NIO since $4 and said this, and you retards touted the same CCP line back when it went from 4 to 20. Keep cucking
M8 you should buy and hold shares. Play the long and safe game cause you obviously suck at options
all in on NIO calls at open, sorry retards but i've heard enough about this stonk. time to tank it
so which are true, maybe all in your view?

\- tests don't work

\- if we can't figure out how to create a test, we should assume we can't make an vaccine

\- covid19 is just hoax, just a bad flu. just  a bunch of crisis actors around the world in hospitals
Printin that money tho
[deleted]
Listen you fuck you nissing out on a goat investment opportunity not good get in calls at open
Seems risky TBH
Too many NIO pumpers in here. Stay away retards, they need u to buy in for their calls to print
Great time to buy QQQ calls
I did. Tesla was and is growing in double and triple digit % in multiple verticals at a profit for more than a year. If you recognize full self driving revenue, Tesla has been profitable for longer. No individual company is growing on all the fronts that Tesla is, and this is important because there's synergy between all of the major components (Autonomy, energy storage/solar, insurance, and auto sales).

I am long Nio. It is in bubble, this is a tale as old as markets. Pricing Nio at a market capitalization equal to Google is retarded. They need time to mature.
Slow it down bro sounds like you’re risking too much each play, nobody is ever successful like that in the long run
It’s okay if he loses everything you’ll just have to take care of him after he retires
I bought this stock called SEDO around years ago for $3.7/share now it’s at .04 share (over 90% loss) ... trust me shares can go down even more
NIO really is a rocket that just doesn’t stop

Next destination: Neptune
....so make money off of it and buy American. The shit's chess, it ain't chinese checkers.
A few days ago I only bought 4 nio 60c 11/27's.

If only I had bought more. Damn
subatomicwallstreetbets
All three EV are oversold in their 180  days ema, surpassed the deviation channel ( average 3 bars out, 30% respectively) momentum is haft way through but trend upward. I'm going to be patience to see what set the trend for next week. I hope all you autist get a fat Chinese red envelope as a early lunar new year present.
Cash secured puts.
[deleted]
Mango better not wreck this rally today
$2k profit gang rise up
Calm the fuck down. Buy any LEAPS you can afford on good companies and sell when up 25%. Be patient and you will come back.
i started a position now, dont go too deep, i dont think they will ever fall below 18,9$, but they could go sideways for a year.
anyone looking at NIO??
XPENG pumping again!
Damn I fucked up. I got blasted and stayed up all night, but I have RIDE $17p expiring today. It looks like it'll be up at open, but it could really go either way today. I'm already 70% retarded and gaining 4% incapacity every 10 minutes. I'm liable to be completely delirious by open. Should I close at open or attempt to trade while both completely hammered and also sleep deprived past open? Or should I let fate take the wheel and get exercised as I nap?
[deleted]
Really? 

Colonization is probably the sole reason we live in a world with so many luxuries. 

The natives of North America were not about to invent the car let alone a wheel. Christopher Columbus made it over from Spain in massive sailing ships wearing tailored clothing. 

So I’d say colonization while brutal at some points has lead to this world and a crazy guy named Elon. 

So judging history by today’s morals is pretty dumb.
Fack I am a retard
AMZN just give me a good open. I’m too nervous holding this anymore
Expiry?
I never felt so bad about making this type of return. Feel like the biggest pussy in the world right now. Also sold xpev to a lot at 19 like a month ago.
...and should post in r/smallstreetbets. Ban.
Haha forreal! I spend hours of DD on a stock for it to ultimately plunge. Brand new person buys based on how the ticker is spelled and all of a sudden is Daddy Tendy.
Go buy Nio calls before you miss out
You have 590 and you sold 90? Fucking idiot
My prediction today. We get a small pump this morning and then start selling off the rest of the day. NIO being the exception of course because I don’t have any.
Training Facial Recognition on Some New Furry Friends: Bears

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/11/science/bears-facial-recognition.html
[deleted]
PLTR GUH
[deleted]
You know how to watch the p/c ratio to see when it bottoms out and buy puts when the market is way to bullish?

Well, the amount of posts\\memes\\circle jerks is getting a little high.  They're even shit talking their god, "papa musk", lately.    Did you ever think you would see that?
nio defies all logic we're going to mars before tesla gets there
Doesn’t matter, as it can be yanked or shaken up by Winnie the Pooh.
Chasdaq! Fuck u bers
ty for the look at SOLO. I'd been trying to find and EV that wasnt overstretched like all of the chinese ones yet.
Legend
In terms of statistical power, we have no statistical power.
What about KNDI?
Nio doubled from 1.5 to 3 whats your point
I need to stop gambling on 0DTE Spy calls. But it looks like I won again so far with the 353C I bought on the dip yesterday.
El yolo es tu
Nio is going to 60 today hop in or miss out
Corsair what the fuck
Right? I mean I go to work and people are talking about moving around their 401k money to different funds and talking about how they're up 6% in one versus 4% in the other. And they're happy about the 6% in a year. No clue what else is out there. You can do better than that even without yolo...just buy Apple stock at any point in the past five years.
even i don't trust myself but whatever, good luck.
Honestly that's a lot of money on the line. I probably would have done the same as you too.
buy you fool
Hey, bros. I'm a believer now. What calls should I buy for $NIO?
[removed]
Tsla deserves to be overvalued because of all the stuff besides it’s electric car. Nio has no Elon and only make cars
If he’s around
Half of college football is cancelled this week. Next week is sketchy too. I’m surprised dkng is running uo
never too late
[deleted]
Positions?
I 2nd the motion
never fomo
I trust you king. Don’t worry about me.
How is NIO not at 100 already?
Remind me in 1 week phgts
CHYNA THORUGH ITS PROXY NIO HAS TOTALY TAKEN OVER WSB.  pretty impressive and how easy it was for them to do.
Any thoughts on selling covered calls in nio? 

Thinking of selling $65 11/20. 

Will nio reach 65 next week?

I think it’s gonna crash hard pretty soon
I wouldn't own it right now necessarily either but I bought it beginning of October and its bled since then.
He’s just demanding. In his eyes, a 50% failure rate is bad design and bad engineering. 

He’s probably thinking about ways to improve the test lol.
[deleted]
They have posted record losses and have no been profitable in 20 years. They might not be profitable for another 20 years. So holding them 5-7 years seems a bit risky don't you think.
By 2022 surely
best of luck liluglyguy
I give up. I went from $1000 to $5000 then lost 85% on one play. Proceeded to deposit more and almost made my way back to breakeven with more lower risk plays over time and then once again, lost 50% in a day a couple of days ago. Now I’m at -72% all time and I just feel like I’m throwing money in the toilet at this point
FSR making some moves finally. Holding the bag since SPAQ is finally going to reward me
50 day sma is the floor usually when it does drop so $35 puts aren’t a bad way to hedge right now
This is the one
he's literally one of those people who wants everything to reopen.

remember the "arrest me" tweet?
Part of the biggest problem is that its been a slow bleed over MONTHS instead of a quick, hard lockdown with a stimulus to support the lower classes.

Fuck corporations, they can die for not having savings for rainy days.
Advise to sell. Gotta be real with him. I helped someone triple their portfolio this year with draft king warrants. He ended up giving me control of his portfolio and I sell positions quicker than normal now. People are still used to anything besting cd rates as great. Even if all you got him was 10% he’d be ecstatic
Petition to change the name of this sub to NIO cuck club
I personally think it’ll be around for a long time. Many catalysts and milestones coming. But remember to continually monitor for things that could fall apart and re-evaluate the trade
No buddy it’s called Nio pump day right to 60
Nio doing what it does best and ripping the day after I buy puts:)
DKNG up, rumors are they will be announcing a new feature that lets you gamble on chinese EV races soon.
[deleted]
[deleted]
He should be selling way otm covered calls
RIP PLTR brahs

Your naked calls and puts are getting gaped at open
bruh just long the index moderna might me risky.
Nio:

>You know they say all car companies are created equal, but you look at me and you look at Ford Motor Company and you can see that statement is NOT TRUE! See, normally if you go one-on-one with another EV company you got a fifty/fifty chance of winning. But I'm a Chinese automotive freak, and I'm not normal! So you got a 25 percent at best at beat me. And then you add Li Auto to the mix? You-the chances of winning drastically go down. See, the 3-Way at Market Open, you got a 33 and a third chance of winning. But I! I got a 66 and two thirds chance of winning, cuz Li Auto KNOOOWS it can't beat me, and it's not even gonna try. So, Ford, you take your thirty three and a third chance minus my twenty five percent chance (if we was to go one on one) and you got an eight and a third chance of winning at Market Open. But then you take my 75 percent chance of winnin' (if we was to go one on one), and then add 66 and two thirds…percents, I got a 141 2/3 chance of winning at Market Open! Ford? The numbers don't lie, and they spell disaster for you at Market Open!"
Is 2020. Technicals are memes now
[deleted]
Exactly
Just me or does the monthly qqq chart look super bearish?
[deleted]
deal
Same. Timing it will be tough though, and it may not bottom drop out. PRC has it in their interest to make it global.
Gl to my donkey kong guys. Wouldn't touch it rn tbh with lockdown and everything
Any chance spy goes red to 352 today? Or should I just delete robin hood now and pour a nice big glass of bleach?
After I waited 4 weeks for Luckin coffee to start trading again I sold my NIO.  fml
This suck man :( You are a good person thought.
$GSX
Red by open right guys?
Wtf PLTR just nosedived
Imma need BABA to take the fuck off
Tofay
Smart money is buying up the daily dips in big tech premarket while retail panic sells during market hours. This has been happening all week.
It’s at 52 im currently naked in my room licking my wall knowing im balls deep in calls
For a day trade , will it make sense to buy nio 65 c expiring next week?
It spiked AH yesterday, that’s what he’s referring to retard
Something something profits never broke .. nah fk it we’ll always feel salty when that happens
And here I am, left with my dick in my hand thinking today would have been a decent entry day for any of the Chinese EV companies 😐
You can look at the NIO 1D chart and almost see the exact minute Trump tweeted. Way before 359. Stop making up fairy tales my good bitch
[removed]
And be sure to use RKT as your servicer 😎
oh look, TSLA is up 0.42% thats cute
Dunno what you’re saying I’ll just put my entire saving on moderna
Likely yes.
Classic rkt pump AH just to be flat or negative at open
So you're telling me nio will be a trillion dollar company.. selling evs.. where margins are so thin.
Guh
Hahahahhahaa
[removed]
Massively over valued, nio, xpev, li. Just on speculation. No moat. No profit low revenues.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Good guidance though so if it could just run back to 60 by next Friday that would be great
[deleted]
What's the expiration on that
[deleted]
They’re probably in there using sharpie to add more revenue to the charts
Tell him to sell his initial cost basis
You know you (or he) can sell right?
You think that news is gonna matter in a week when everyone forgets about it?
Prudent play!
Imma say it now, not a clue why NIO up this high, but I'm feeling a drop, like fucking hell
tell him to start systematically taking profits
Pffft stop MRNA has never fake pumped...except that one time....shit and that other time...fuck and that other time
Why then ? My plan was start getting puts when market cap is higher than BMW. (What is now). But just no good entry point to get puts. it keeps going up. Seems RSI is at 90 already, but can be like that for some time
I was checking the dictionary for the definition of a retard. The dictionary said:

One who buys NIO even though it doubled in the last 20 days.

😂😂
You’re a moron.
7% is like the average return on a stock in a YEAR.
Yesterday was the dip on Chinese EV retards. +11% is abnormal. Its usually +30%
[deleted]
Market chatter about filing for approvals. Not sure what day it will be but it’s coming. Makes me nervous to do anything with certain puts aside scalp. May wait until it is announced and, then if it beats up “stay at home tech tickers” until I go back into calls on some of them. I’m not sure it will though the same way the PFE announce did; people realize this isn’t going away this quarter.
Thanks! It’s been a good one. I wish everyone here had a few thousand shares. Mine was a small position at the time. I was trying to play it safe. I gotta stop myself from asking- what if I bought X amount lol
When I was a kid my dad said if you’re not cheating you’re not trying.  DKNG earnings were distributed yesterday alongside racing tip sheets.
PLTR dead.
If nasdaq can just have a nice fat juicy day that would be really helpful.

Like thick and tight. Real veiny. Shiny and vascular. Want to see rippling going on under the skin. Maybe if it's workout shorts slip down around that thin, muscled waist, catch a quick glimpse of that pubic mound.

Just a strong day in tech would be great is what I'm saying.
Yep. My buddy manages the local lowes and fed me the same info. Business has boomed.
I’m not joking if fake company gsx can make it to 140+, nio got 150 in the bag in a couple months
Fr, I make bigger bets on football games lmao
Lets ride PLUG!
[deleted]
Why even live at this point
[removed]
Going big into ATVI today. Record internet breaking traffic for call of duty Cold War updates in the UK this week. Translates to fuck loads of cash and big time $$ for ATVI that’s been fucking hammered the last 5 months
[deleted]
DKNG $46.5c. Will they print?
[deleted]
Dkng calls bouta print boy 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🤑🤑🤑
[deleted]
Rise and grind due to wife’s boyfriend pulling off all the covers on my side of bed
Chinese EV is the only thing going up right now.  All the US stonks are channel bound since Sept...
Nio dips under $50 midday then going balls deep.
I was thinking 23, bought some FDs to test my hypothesis... let the short squeeze begin
so what price point for NIo does it translate to? "If NIO dips 30 on RSI"
I don't have play Mond yim down 4k that I have to get back. The one time I bought nio calls was on Tuesday, I bough 48 c expiring today. Then it dipped to 38 and I sold for 100 Dollar loss. Lmao
420.69.  Don’t sell yourself short.
yolo des ne?
Buying $NIO calls at 9:40 and selling at 10:29
Elon in december: 420 is still 5 times larger than 84

Elon in february: 420 is still 2 times larger than 210

Elon in may: 420 is still as big as 420
I agree but it’s seemed to lag and move differently ... I was scalping HD for a while, sort of like UPS / FDX movements, theyre correlated but, FDX had better movement, and it’s less to look at. Also from DD and contractor and anecdotal employee polling I’ve done HD has numbers through the roof due to home improvement service industry work being booked solid since May.
[deleted]
My dad came to me this morning with his portfolio filled with NIO, LI, and XPEV on my advice. He said this is it were rich. I don’t know how to tell him were in a bubble. I mean I told him to buy those stocks because I thought they’d reach those prices in 5-10 years. This is insane, and I’m gonna feel like a dickhead when they all drop.
Damn it’s dropping hard right now. Good luck.
Pls God don’t let me fomo today
I'm about to bet my fucking life on 0dtes. WELCOME TO THE THUNDERDOME BITCHES!
Sold my nio calls and went all in 1dte spy puts. I think my gambling account is dead
This guy gets it 👍
DKNG rugpull by EOD or Monday?
Fundamentals kekw
I feel like both nio and xpev would be good sympathy plays.
Ahh yes, DKNG back at.... 2th June price
[removed]
Forget it DevantLaMachine, it's just Gynatown
[deleted]
NIO AE 12
That’s huge. I’ll back it.
Idk you’re still too far OTM. Gl.
This is how it's gonna play out:  
Monday: Call an ambulance!  
Tuesday: But not for me!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Rich people don’t die from COVID
Yes me sitting waiting be like 🤡
Who cares. It’s not NIO
BABA most undervalued stock in the world right now: it did 10% of its TOTAL market cap in sales in a single day. And you sheeps are still on about NIO, think ahead dudes
✋
It’s just very power efficient after that it’s nothing special.
In the wise words of Fred Durst, "What's done is done, you just leave it alone and don't regret it"
Data has never been more important. They should. E profitable bu next quarter. The losses today were related to entering the market and they will have already doubled earnings by close to 30 percent with the new military contracts they announced
imagine not buying companies that can photoshop their earnings reports with no consequences
Not sure about a pump on this one, Europe + futures should have reacted already and they haven't.
you might want to sell at the open before those become worthless
[deleted]
You would think we would be selling off after even a hint of "lockdown" in the US, but i guess market already knows Biden can't impose that shit till January and by that time the "second, third, fourth" whatever fucking wave we're on will be over..
I locked profit with NIO last week wasnt a great idea :( was up 240% on shares.
i have called a [yuge vaccine pump](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtg4dg/i_am_calling_it_yuge_pump_today/) today. literally free money. just do it.
$100
For most it will just stay with virtual money, cause selling is hard. FOMO too strong
TSLA Calls is you gambling company Tesla stocks value go up.

TSLA Puts is you gambling company Tesla stocks value go down.

But you are gay if you do puts since Stonks only go up
[deleted]
Getting to 420.69 to troll Elon
[deleted]
What the fuck happenned to WSB, everywhere i look there is NIO mentionned.
William Li is the new daddy
[deleted]
Lmfao sold 100 $45c NIO for $25,600 yesterday.

Today’s value? $70k +
Nio top is $69
I honestly don't even know. The 90 dollar sell wall is tough
I'm sitting on 366 NIO 11/13 60 Calls with a cost basis of 2 cents

Things are looking up this morning.
[deleted]
So many meme stocks, so little time
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
I’m on 17c 11/20. Gonna need $18 to break even. Hope ya get it.
not for certain. last i heard over the next few days or week.
Go all in xpev calls at open for li sympathy play?
Grats man! Don’t forgive to give some back to your community :)
I've been riding the NIO wave since JPM upgraded it and of course yesterday I went all in on ZM calls instead of any of the three Chinese EV companies hot right now lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO 100
I just came back from a quick google search holy FUCK their cars are ugly as SHIT even worse than the local girls here in NZ jacob shriveled up and hid in our ballsacs, also a quick search shows this is a pennystock? Its riding the ev wave but i see a massive dump happening for this...
i mean i assume its moderna vaccine but maybe dix went up because of something else, better buy spy weeklies.
Buy calls when it goes below 78 sell them when it passes 82. Worked for me kinda sometimes i think I should just buy stocks and hold but then i snort sum and nah
Don't think it will but I would be rich if it did.
PSA for All you Autists... EVERY FUKKIN DOLLAR from XPEV, LI and the S&P 500 will Fomo into NIO EOD for ER RUN NEXT WEEK. 

Remember this post. You're Welcome.

NIO $250+ EOM
XPEV AND LI PUMP 40% ON EARNINGS SO NIO DOING 40% TOO. CHINESE EV DON'T KNOW THE WORDS "PRICED IN" MEANS
If we didn't laugh we'd all be insane... Well, MORE insane anyway.
because I have leaps and calls and more calls.. basically it doesn't want me to be rich.
pump it pump it
Dude rocked that mustache like a boss in the 80s and 90s
🙃🤣🙃🤣🙃🤣🙃
Yes, look at yesterday's chart.
Buy a call ATM sell a call at a higher strike against it to collect premium same expiry. Careful tho this is actually intelligent investing so we may even get banned discussing it
aaaand NIO added to the RES comment filters
NIO is too retarded like wtf dude what are you trying to prove
yeah at 120
That button does not exist for me. It might be a trial.
Unscalable consulting companies are the wave
So put all my money in moderna this morning?
Is this why Tesla is down?
They said that 3 days ago when NIO was $40.

You just missed out retard
did you phonetically type out your speech impediment here?

the autist dedication is strong with this one. 

wsb may actually be making a bit of a comeback!
Man do I feel stupid for selling NIO yesterday
It's been a great week for me so I am not going to worry about the drop in bigc. My end up adding more
Deal and you're allowed to buy shares only if you like
🤡
I'm in NIO and I'm looking at it up over 7% and I feel left out because I'm not yet into LI which is up 30%. How fucking pathetic is it to be sad about a 7% gain IN A DAY?
I made 400% on the run up from 35 to 60 in options. Just re-established a position in stock at $40. The mgmt is shady but the opportunity here is good.
Everyone getting rich with nio while I don't buy it because it has to pullback at some point
Elon only got 50% covid bc of neuralink, robot part of him didn’t get infected or we would be looking at a skynet spike protein mutation
RKT to 24 today
XPEV and LI killed earnings. If NIO does good all 3 are going to 500
Why didn’t I go all in on NIO, refinance my house on NIO, take out a 30k loan with 14% APR to buy more NIO 😭
You know they had Earnings this morning right....
Fam Alex trebeks wife was an absolutely dime

I didn’t thinks 10s existed but she’s 10/10


Rest In Peace to a true playa 

https://pagesix.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2020/11/alex-jean-trebek-01.jpg?quality=80&strip=all
Seriously

You can easily scalp by playing the obscene volumes some of these stocks experiences
[deleted]
I will be messaging you in 3 days on [**2020-11-17 00:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-17%2000:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtfi6g/its_so_easy/gc5bhjg/?context=3)

[**27 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtfi6g%2Fits_so_easy%2Fgc5bhjg%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-17%2000%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtfi6g)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
LI AUTO FINNA HIT 50 today
end of next week prediction I dare you
[removed]
But not today
Where my Al Qaeda brothers at? Please destroy AAL for me, praise be Mohammed
Get in now, NIO still has 35% upside to be $69
People been saying that shit all weekend. Just haters
So you're saying today is the day to load up on calls...
$69
Open an account with Lynx Broker; they belong to Interactive Brokers and allow you to trade all options from US exchanges.
Whether it's a train of tards busting on my face or NIO is yet unseen

- confucius circa 1907
Betting against EVs damn you are retar
In hindsight DKNG spiking afterhours was a giveaway for the spike today. Insider trading guaranteed.
Doubling down on PLTR before another analyst picks up the stock so the institutional money can start flooding in.
Watching Bloomberg making analysis over index. Just buy nio guys.
[deleted]
sheeiit nice job
Anything new with NIO?
What’s is your all time %? For scientific purposes
RemindMe! Tuesday
Whole market sucks dick right now because of fear of lockdown, virus cases, election and blah blah blah. Everyone is jumping on EV stocks because they see everyone making gains. 
 
The volume today will be nuts. And don’t worry we’re all a lil nervous. 

And time to be realistic? We’re in a unrealistic market anything can happen.
I totally missed out the Chinese EV stuff
[deleted]
Too low imo
People said that shit yesterday
# THIS IS THE PANIC BUYING STAGE. GET IN BEFORE ITS TOO LATE LOSERS
this is big money to ants
>Walmart version

So highly successful and accessible to the entire world population?
xpeng broke 50 too holy shit
😩🤡
Let’s goooooooo
[deleted]
Today 🥴 just hoping to sell at cost tbh but want to def pick up 11/20s on a dip... sol me my 11/20 $500cs doe 500% profit yesterday
7-eleven. But if they just bought Speedway might have similar marketing approach. I fucking LOVE Speedway coffee. Columbian in particular.
Yeah true. Wish i had an indication when it stops, to get puts
LOW can be included with your HD play.
[deleted]
Buy NIO calls as a hedge
Thought I was a genius for buying 5 more last week. Shouldn’t made it 50!
If NIO earnings are what we think they are lord knows where this going
Is it a buy right now?
That was a bigly green day unfortunately.
I think it has room to run down to 170. I’ll be looking for another short little rip up this morning and will buy more puts.
Love that diversification strategy!
You are fucking retarded if you buy NIO today 😅
Buy any of the Chinese EVs at open? Or wait??
I think if you asked most people in the world if colonialism was good or bad they'd say the latter.
Yup I think 160-170
yes, earnings call did not start, but they reported already.
Why PLTR? They haven’t reported profit in 20 years.
[deleted]
>News Retards: Trump Banning Chinese Securities with Military Ties

This news was released at like 3:59pm yesterday, and there was no dip in that last 1 minute from this news.

literally no one bought puts on this news. Stop making up fairy tales my good bitch.
NIO just recovered it's big-dick energy bull trend over night (got rejected yesterday).  Still putting in a divergent high if it turns around today, but doubt it will.

I'll be trying to win back losses I took on puts with calls today, if that tells you anything.
I wish my German shit broker would let me buy calls on nio. I’m up 90% on stocks....
This is very true.
This is a global portfolio. Congratulations
Doubtful. ER is Tuesday and the other tickers all reported good numbers.
Did anyone believe tesla would be at $2000 a share last year? :/
Ahhhh nothing like waking up and realizing you probably lost the rest of your life savings
If NIO stock splits, holy shit we will all be in fucking bugattis
Congrats man someone putting it to good use - fingers crossed for you
[deleted]
Nice dude!
How is AMD not at $100 already
Yes.... Um... no? Yes!
Is mRNA news today?
She’s to young for ur asses relax 🤣
[deleted]
LI only (lol) had volume of 80M yesterday. Looks to double today. Buy calls at open, you can’t stop that kind of autism.
Gainz iz gainz
elon voted for 4 times for trump and he still lost? obviously somethings wrong with the vote counting machines.
Today is Friday the 13th. The last Friday the 13th was in March and y'all know how that month turned out. Trade cautiously.
Just like it did last time after ER, dipped for a few days then took off
Yeah, I am expecting for huge ER or something because this week for chinese EV has already been seeing great beats
Someone tell BABA
Folks, please, over here.... THIS IS THE WAY
Bust foreseen for Tuesday. Quote me, tards.
NERD GANG BIATCHHH
60
"US futures higher after heightened restrictions amid higher US covid cases" .. Better be a good fucking day for my NVDA calls.
200 miles is 321.87 km
Gambler’s fallacy
[deleted]
Any chance FSR makes a Chinese ev style run?
They reported and gave full year guidance which looks extremely solid growth
A share price of $1,000 puts Nio at a trillion dollar market cap. If you believe this is plausible, I want you to see a psychiatrist.
I’m ready for XPEV to announce a stock split affording everyone lambos
Are you saying that for Speedway or 7-11? I'm probably 200 miles from a 7-11 but 1/4 mile from a Speedway. I love Redbull, but it's so expensive compared to rockstar
COVID has a plan, my friend...
Not sure if i want to just play the moderna news or actually hold for a long term recovery like 2023
Diversified in making profits!
Let's be honest, you were never gonna hold.  You were afraid of losing more.
2.5 weeks ago I bought 1200 shares of Nio and 1100 shares of pltr. This has been the highlight of the year for me.
What price would you place on the moon?
No, earnings already released.
Donkey Kong!
WSB: Will NIO ever dip?

News Retards: Trump Banning Chinese Securities with Military Ties

*NIO DIPS*

WSB: NIO PUTS NOW!

*NIO 51+ in PM*

WSB: *shocked pikachu*

😂
✌🏼
Can’t wait to see how fucked my baba calls are today!
Today’s moves: 

Feeling bearish, but MRNA vax news could make markets shake up, less so than the PFE announce (first dances are always the best). 

Shorts: SOLO (clown cars), DNKG (lockdowns and temp profit hype may make it overbought, I’m bullish long on DKNG, but near term C19 is gonna kneecap it), SPY 0dte if it hits peaks after open, there’s no catalyst for people to be optimistic over the weekend and Mango is still a wildcard, and doubt a concession. 

Calls: HD (earnings will blow the doors off), TGT (should have an earnings run, have to do more DD), MRNA (maybe, it’s looking pretty priced in but who knows in this market), maybe CHGG as it’s oversold and education through Feb-March will likely be remote learning. ZM also for same reason. Specific tech after review of recent charts, if anything is lagging rebound. There will be new restrictions going into Jan-Feb.

I’m staying away from: BABA (Winnie the Pooh himself has it out for them), NIO (too close to roulette for me today), APPL (not sure what their problem is right now), Cruiselines (old person death ships), and your mom.
Hahahahahahahahaahahahahahaha  
\*TSLA flashbacks\*
Yep - NIO ER next week.
Gonna name my kids Nio, Li, and fucking Xpeng LOL
Nah give SMRT Money a go. He's one of us.
Wait so has DKNG earnings started?
Most underrated comment in sub ^
NIO $150+ Next Week. Mark it.
Top
Crave tv is what I use
I'm diversified AF

NIO 
LI
Xpev
SOLO

This is the most diversified I've ever been
Yes I know that part of the business is a shitshow, right now. - But we also just got vaccine news. Maybe I overestimate investors willingness to go longterm on a stock.
I owned it at 2. Lol thought I did well back then selling at 5. Lol
I mean that’s definitely not true, since 3000 Americans under 35 have died of covid this year and well under 1000 under 35 died of the flu. The flu has 30 million plus cases but only about 30k deaths a year - at that death rate covid would’ve needed to infect nearly the entire USA by now
Li is not fully EV

It has both battery and traditional engine
Thats your penis sir
182.50 puts expiring today. Timed it perfectly and bought when BA hit 184
NIO 60 please
" futures higher amid heightened restrictions as US covid cases rise"
Every NIO shareholder right now:

"I should've bought more"
Wow, the first 3 'Gains' posts on WSB are under $1k gains. That literally doesn't even count. What happened to this place?
I remember buying at 5 and selling it around 12
#Shut up nerd
primed and ready for insertion
This is the rare few times that I'm super happy a gamble paid off. Go get that shit treated!!!
yeah but are they chinese
If they expire next week those will print👍
Nobody has a crystal ball I know how much this hurts. Look forward my friend
[deleted]
Dipping my feet into NIO today. With my luck, they will sell off today
If you touch yourself while looking at a ticker it makes it go up 🚀. Try it
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/niceguy897 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And the others Morpheous and Trinity?
triple money every 2 or 3 months risk free 


Wtf
Or $20
If they could they wouldn’t be here
Nooooo
Futures are retarded and gey
Lol what is up almost 7%???
[deleted]
[deleted]
RKT bout to graciously run to 30 by end of month
Parabolic ‘rona! Bullish af, m’tist!
[deleted]
Take these days as opportunity to build your position. DKNG was mid 60s this summer and minimally gets there next summer. Thats a 50% upside in just equity. A few leaps on DKNG will print for the next year
LI up 30$ PM, XPEV up 10% PM, NIO at 7%. NIO gonna catch up and moon harder soon? heh
A job
[deleted]
Great!  I was down $7k and now only down $2k.  Feels like a win
Think BA is ready to go back up yet or you still short?
Yes
Calls = Up

Puts = Down

All you ever need know
The sad truth is Chinese stocks are only adjusting for dollar inflation from the rampant money printing and earnings are just the catalyst.
1.) it corrected by 15% earlier this week. 45 to 38. People bought it up immediately. 

2.) it has several catalysts coming up *after* ER 

China tensions do got me shook tho.
Ban
Sick hair transplant
Congrats
*ouranus
[https://www.streetinsider.com/Earnings/DraftKings+%28DKNG%29+Q3+Revenue+Tops+Consensus%2C+Raises+FY20+Revenue+Guidance+and+Issues+FY21/17597046.html](https://www.streetinsider.com/Earnings/DraftKings+%28DKNG%29+Q3+Revenue+Tops+Consensus%2C+Raises+FY20+Revenue+Guidance+and+Issues+FY21/17597046.html)
*jerome powell speaks*, my puts: I can only get so erect
I honestly don't know why someone downvoted me but yea thought I made a mistake but if this holds it could be a nice play indeed.
what positions you had for ba ?
who cares? Covid only kills old people
$LI has some serious bde going on. Fuck.
DKNG,FSR,RDFN,PLTR
My only regret is doubling down on ZM 445 FDs instead of putting that 2k on LI lmao
Can anyone tell one play that can x2 x3 without risk in 2-3 months

Non calls or puts
Surely a positive outcome means that the it will rocket
25
My little bro’s private elementary school already made it mandatory grade 1 thru 4 I’m not even joking
Musk rat got 2 positive and 2 negative tests 🤔
But... 2 negatives make a positive 🤯
That means 3 positive tests 👩‍🏫
TSLA DED, NIO MOON ✨
You're diversified AF.

Game on brother
No, I was successful in getting a real job.
Priced in already, the market going numb to global occurrence
Math is hard...
Im being sarcastic
DKNG miss but still going up?
Dollars or cents lmao
china no give fuk about statistics
Probably tank right after earnings.. trend sideways for a week.. then back to 🚀🌙
How is XPEV  LI no upgrade?
I sold 16 p agaist my shares expiring today so if it could stop at 15.99 that would be lovely
[deleted]
I'll be damned if I am gonna sell my leap now. If NIO gets to 100 after earnings, I will very well name all of my future children NIO
The thing is to him, losing 20 pans in high tide and being asked by his boss about it was a funny story. I would've lost my shit and scared to death. The humor of the grunt working class is on another level.
415 Max, there a drift..at least the the mean time, towards the Chinese EV.
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Thank you for reminding me *why* Fisker sketches me the fuck out
NIO not even flinching
I’m not diversified. I only have NIO, dont have xpev and li 

Should’ve sold some NIO calls for  Li
Weak little green futures lol. Fake as pump by pajama pussies to try and control the movement and narrative of markets. WE DONT BELIEVE YOU
[deleted]
That’s right take your vitamins, exercise and have lots of sexy time✅
Why can’t I see pre market Alibaba price
Should I invest in LI and NIO at the open then? Will I lose money?
It’s been pumping for like 4 straight months bro
China EV run just beginning
🤫🤫🤫
[deleted]
Got a few February calls for that reason.
I’m not playing NIO with you retards now. I did make a 4 bagger of BA puts yesterday. Those are back on the menu.
Depends on its movement since earnings are this morning. I'm a teacher so I can't stare at my phone all day unfortunately lol and I wanna lock in all the tendies I can 😋
Day trading Chinese EV no problem, investing anywhere past that time frame is well lets say risky. Remember when Covid started in December of last year and China denied it existed? These same people are telling you how well their businesses are doing. Just have your eyes open and dont look long term.
It's already been bought up to become the third largest car maker the world by market cap. 

It probably won't "shoot to Mars" because it's already passed it on its fated cosmic journey.
That’s that good shit.  All the best bro.
Might be the week after tbh

Edit: also there should be a *ton* of bear loss porn rn
Gambling degenerates all buying DKNG, as is tradition.
[deleted]
# LI is on 3 different types of steroids up 29% wtf
NIO literally saving lives, let’s see a boomer stock like PFE do that!!!
We did it Reddit!
China EV bois

🍆 💦
FSR freaks me out, but like I would like to be on an American company. Might pull the trigger after NIO ER
***NIO REPORTS ER ON TUESDAY 11/17***
Time to learn Chinese!
Hey guys Xpev, Nio, Li all surpassed the deviation channel which mean theoretically is pulling back.
You guys are chasing the final reversal spike in EVs
PLTR will be 20 before EOY
Get the app and watch out for specials. They've been having some great sales on Red Bull lately...
You should be ashamed.
This is the way
San Diego checking in for duty.  4am.
Don't enter, we tank the day you do. Do it for us soldier
Holy shit my 40c 11/20 is now ITM for LI 

Chinese Ev Bears Extinct
Cratering
[deleted]
Jacob (my dick) says thank you. Def gonna keep an eye on solo!
Bro AAPL will be 150 EoY easy don’t be a bitch and sell for a loss.
[deleted]
2K
myanus is SO ready
# 🦍🚀 DKNG goooooooo!!!
I was just quoting r&m https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FJkBI1N5DxI
I made a lot off of NIO with January 40c.
Probably reversed in 3 months
Check out their eroadster
I'm just gonna buy some PLTR LEAPS, can't help but think I'm too late on EV run up.
Moar!
Are you gonna microwave the pizza then wrap it around your little meatlover 🍆
Lmao
LI stocks up 52 percent. Bought yesterday
good save though...
NIO
While everyone’s talking about NIO, FSR is running up
When you finally pull the string of mucus out your eye 🤤🤤🤤
That could just mean people want to buy new video games, it doesn't necessarily mean the stock price will go up.
FSLY straight fire right now.
Spy down and NIO to 60 would be the ultimate fucking money maker. Too bad I don’t make money
The one day you would enter you would be right lol that our life😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Last one was March 13th...
Remember, NIO gain porn this week, means NIO loss porn next week... this is inevitable, money doesn’t grow on trees, someone’s gotta lose, is it gonna be you? Find out on the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
Yep. I thought I did good since I bought them for like 2k
and SOLO*** tooo
I tried 3 times, done with it
[deleted]
Fucking buy NIO calls if you like tendies, don’t overthink about it retard
Today no.
This is literally the way. Got  few of my friends into investing and they are like fucking magicians with their positions.
Nope
Yall really pumping FISKER? 2 employee company EV stock doubling in value every week lol
I put my rent money in NIO LI and XPEV. I got a mortgage in return
A cup and handle is bullish, and it’s on a retard strength run, and I have calls. You’re an idiot and I hope your puts expire worthless. I’m sorry.
what happent to vxx
Thats what the tesla guys said 😳 please my dick is my only friend
Anytime
Don't fight the trend my friend.
They just purchased the Speedway franchise so this is important DD to my Ohio life
[deleted]
Literally probably could have bought a rental property by scaling out some.  

Aint trying to be a dick.  Been burned myself back in june.  Lesson learned.
Same. Lottos.
Lotta NIO 11/13 puts bought yesterday, pour one out for their losses...
Take a look at Chinese EV 
https://youtu.be/MOaWF4nHoUc
Scam=Profit=Bullish AF
XPEV NIO 300c eom
It was, til they announced 1Bn of buybacks on a 1.8Bn of float. Don't make things hard
WTF.. I think I’m gonna sit on the sideline of EV rockets for now.. crazier than TSLA split
I’ll take some profits today when NIO hits $55, riding the rest through earnings next week.

We all know NIO will CRUSH earnings expectations, that said, I’m not that greedy
Are you selling at open or throwing more money at it ?
Try saying that up in Canada in November when winter is approaching , such is life.

Better than taco bell
The trump dip was literally the dip everyone was bitching about getting.
Nah you’re just an oracle
True.. I just stayed away bc I know nothing about them and figure they might catch the bumps with other EVs
Lol
Another 6% AH wtf 

Every day I think it’s too late to go all in on NIO and every day I’m wrong
I’m on board
China just discovered electricity
Yes sir
That's nuts. I didn't have the balls to do it. I did buy 49 calls midday yesterday that expire today though.
[deleted]
yeah fuck it. I am SO glad I bought a 2022 leap. Even if this shit "crashed" back to like 45, wouldn't even be worried
Thanks for proving my point, as I said no one under 50 dies of Covid.
Gold is money. Everything else is credit.

[It all goes back to 1971.](https://wtfhappenedin1971.com/)

[The birth of Modern Monetary Theory, Modern Fiat.](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/j3szdw/the_birth_of_fiat_currency_neoclassical_economics/)

Sadly, it is much easier analysing history than using it to predict the future!   


BTW, there is a curious anomaly with gold: before it can be ‘marked to market’ the ’spot price’ must fall. When I say fall, I mean to what we would today consider near zero. This is ESSENTIAL to flush the paper out of the system. It will happen suddenly, without warning and the ’price’ will then soar. Likely there will authoritarian circuit breakers to attempt to quell the stampedes: both out and back in again. Think VW type short squeeze.   


So: do not sell whatever the pain. DO NOT SELL. Be careful the instrument(s) you hold can withstand the above whipsaw.
Lmfaooo fucking same. Sitting here thinking about the yacht I could be buying at opening today
there were air quotes on investing i think
Moderns not pumpin though?
$1k not gonna happen so you're safe. $200 maybe.
sold 35c for a 200% gain yesterday, im not gonna check 😣
Your puts
Bruhhhh check out solo... I’m in on NIO also. And yea blah blah ugly cars blah blah. But it’s at 5$ and money to be madeeee. 

Good luck with your dick bro...
The stock relative strength index, another popular indicator use in conjunction with other like MACD it help you understand whether a stock is oversold or over bought so you could make decision on entering a trade or exit out of one.
[deleted]
Yoloed 10k into 50c 1 day yesterday in nio for 70 cents an option. Thank you autismo brothers
I sold 35calls $37 NIO calls for 3.5k now probably worth 38k 3 weeks ago

This dude browses r/teenagers and he ain't even in the market. Positions or ban
more fuel for the fucking retards who think this is a hoax, we're fucked.
I picked up a large 7-eleven Extreme Meat pizza when they had a giveaway recently. It's been in the freezer ever since. Been saving it for a special day. If NIO holds this might be the day.
Hahaha someone doesn’t have calls or shares, sucks to suck hope u watch it rise all day and cry about it more
My only regret yesterday is that I didn’t have the freed up cash to buy more puts on them. Their Porsche speedster EV replicas are rad as heck - but everything else is a novelty car here in the USA.
PLUG has retard strength been there all week. GRWG same shit. Oh and they are actually legit companies with real earnings (not Chinese earnings) that will continue to have retard strength for years to come. Wait my bad NIO !!!!!!!! Only NIO🚀🚀🚀
Remember at the start of the pandemic when the protests first started. There was a white guy in Brooklyn who got everyone's attention with his speech... he then said the N word and lost everyone, that's what this post was 🤣
Because Elon has covid
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472
I'd rather be homeless than work at walmart
What is the news? What's making futures green on a Friday?
JD, DKNG, FTCH, PTON leaps all gonna print for me today
Ya I’m getting out at some point today
I don’t really think you understand the concept or point of a suburb. It’s to get away from that stuff and have kids, good schools, safety. That’s pretty much the point - when you want culture drive into the city on some weekend.
Grabbed puts EOD on NIO... pray for me
Why do you miss every pump?
I know, but I’ve had the rug pulled on me so many times I’m like a beaten dog
I have like 40 yolo 55c exp today, please print
NIO... do you realize $56 0dte Calls were priced at $.06? Holy FUUUUUUUUUUKKK !!!
None of these ‘tists knows what a euphemism is. Too many syllables.
# LMFAO THE HOLY TRINITY HAS ENTERED PANIC BUYING PARABOLIC PHASIA
Nothing, more tendies bc of hype
Lmaooooo seriously?
MRNA vaccine pump incoming.

> SWISS GOVT SAYS MODERNA HAS SUBMITTED APPLICATION FOR APPROVAL OF VACCINE CANDIDATE MRNA-1273 @DeltaOne
You have summoned the Alerts for Reddit bot to receive mobile notifications for top-level responses to this post! 

[Click here to follow this thread](http://alertsforreddit.com/followthread?id=t3_jtf81v)
***
This comment was written by a bot. Feel free to PM /u/notifications_app with any questions.
https://youtu.be/cuOL6G_Oyxs
Imagine not voting for Beijing Biden or owning Chinese EV stocks
I think the rest of the market is just catching up and honestly is good to accumulate more Tesla shares when it does have another big move again.
Anecdotal trading is a poor mans game
You have summoned the Alerts for Reddit bot to receive mobile notifications for top-level responses to this post! 

[Click here to follow this thread](http://alertsforreddit.com/followthread?id=t3_jtf81v)
***
This comment was written by a bot. Feel free to PM /u/notifications_app with any questions.
Must have woken up to your puts about to vanish
Nio will have a large short term pullback at some point but dammed if im gonna try to time that
I think the person collecting the sample easily could push the sensitivity down from what the test's sensitivity is in a laboratory environment.  Your point stands, Musk is a dumb dumb
Exactly.
Fuck you, AND your non-invincible B blood. You’re just jealous.
I’m referring to the rug pull that I’m all too accustomed to
[deleted]
You hate money?
Only put $500 on Li 35c...🤡🤡damn
only a bear would think about selling today.....
[deleted]
I spit my hot choccy reading this
Look at premarket u tard why even ask that
Seriously man, WSB is basically funding the entire operation at this point😂
That’s just one of our guys spewing the same WSB logic on that subreddit. It’s not them at r/stocks. One of us, one of us.
Feel like alibaba has a good entry point. Regulation on China will ease once Biden is in and antitrust that the Chinese are implementing will pass and baba still be dominant
Do you really need me to look up the fatalicty rate in 49-year-olds? you already know its below 0.1%
NIO NIO NIO
Damn LI $9 up AH
Are you some kind of idiot?
FSR NIO LI XPEV... IT DONT MATTER ARE ALL BETTER THAN TESLA RN
Please lord 🙏 break this 22 sell 🧱
we beijingbets now
You can't tell me NIO won't shoot to Mars after earnings when its brothers are soaring tremendously.
This guy chineses a lot

A.k a doesn't fuck
Nope, RKT man here as well.
Ban
Today will be another day of organic growth for our beloved Chinese EVs❤️
That stock is a dud.
XPEV about to break 50 too, holy fuck
Also tested negative
We already knew the PCR “test” is utter bullshit and can be dialed up in cycles to produce any amount of positive results the WHO wants. Rapid Antigen might just be too!
Stay away from Chinese pumps n dumps retards!! You can wake up one day to find the company vanished
Wtf is this li thing? Someone tell me
Not it hasn't. Tesla literally had several 20 percent plus days in a row. Most people are just now talking about it.
China pumps their stocks. that's how their markets work. However I don't think Biden eases tariffs on China. He's talked about being tough on china on the campaign trail. 

what he actually does tho is another story.
I was seeing unusually alerts on calls for NIO and LI but puts for SOLO lmao
When Newton’s laws start applying to Chinese’s EVs a lot of people are gonna be fuq
I will be messaging you in 4 months on [**2021-03-13 12:17:22 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-03-13%2012:17:22%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt2qp9/rip_tesla_tendies/gc5ae6k/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt2qp9%2Frip_tesla_tendies%2Fgc5ae6k%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-03-13%2012%3A17%3A22%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt2qp9)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
DKNG 🤝🤝🤝
Very strange feeling I’m having this week...

*opening my brokerage app and seeing green*
Haha lmao their cars legit look like clown cars
NIO $65+ Today.
Vertical is a specific market or production within an industry or a group of businesses
Same
I’ve got several NIO 11/27 50c and I bought a couple of 11/27 53c just before close yesterday. Was I retarded and waste my money?
You guys ever be 27 working at Walmart with no support system and put your entire non rent pay check into weekly yolos?
Tesla went up 500% in a year. Man's just hibernating, buy now and y'all will see next year. !remindme 4 months
Better than me for selling it for $2 in october or november last year
Y’all don’t have the balls to get rich. Where my 💎🙌 ??
A Elon tweet is DD on a huge biotech company. Fuck it, even though I’ve spent $100,000 with them on basically water this past year I’m in.
dude
[deleted]
Is it too late for NIO leaps?
Was an instant buy at 65 and below
Are you fucking retarded? In Sweden, out of 6100 covid deaths, only 76 were below the age of 50.

[https://www.statista.com/statistics/1107913/number-of-coronavirus-deaths-in-sweden-by-age-groups/](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1107913/number-of-coronavirus-deaths-in-sweden-by-age-groups/)
Do we think DKNG has room to run? $60 maybe?
I am creaming myself over LI this morning!!! Up 30% AH and rising 🚀🚀🤤🤤🤤🤤😩😩😩😩

My 35c 🤤🤤🤤🤤
[deleted]
huge green EV cocks inbound
I think the Elon covid news is another huge catalyst for this boom -- market is gonna react to his news imo and rotate even more into chinese EV during their golden week
Can’t find any PS5 available. Instead, give me a stock I can YOLO this money
I'm just messing man your bet is probably as good as mine
NIO highest in the room 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I like that you gave a serious answer to this silly comment thats a quote from a show that I dont remember right now.
Yes!
Don't care if these chinese companies continue rallying. I will not give in after what happened with luckin coffee. Took huge loss on that one
[called it](https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1327223480513925120?s=21)
Be interested to see how media reacts to Elon tweeting about bullshit test results. What are people going to do when they realize the rapid tests are 60% accurate but they are still reported as positives when they are wrong😱
Ayyy let’s go - I lived in Boston for like 7 years college and after. My parents restaurant is in southeastern CT. Finally got the lamps but it took like 3 months. And yeah the weather has been nuts.. I was working in shorts and a t shirt with the windows all last weekend it was triply

>This isn't TMC boomer, we make money off Elon without sucking his cock 

Were you here for the 3 weeks on either end of the split? Three quarters of the sub was fighting each other to be the first to lick "Papa Elon's" balls.
Lol
[removed]
Sarcasm you dullard
[deleted]
It is! Think about all of the power we have on the Chinese now. If they piss us off all we have to do is dump everything.
RKT straight ripping PM... 23 EOD get your FDs ready
[deleted]
What's the name? Looks so cool
Same boat 19c lmao fuk me
[deleted]
They kill it?
I remember looking at it at $2
Awesome
Can aapl just hit 125 next week. It literally doesn’t move. At this point I’m gonna sell my 150c 2021 for a big loss
SOLO is a clown car company. It should be shorted to heck. Change my mind.
Doesn’t Wall Street live growth?
DKNG needs a +10% day like my portfolio needs a 10 bagger
Be glad you're not in Cuba. 

Everyone earns 30 dollars a year. 

Even a neurosurgeon.
I’m thinking the same thing.
# $LI JUST KEEPS GOING WTF
You see, me burning this money is actually me terraforming the earth.  Im trying to prevent next ice age baby so our kids can grow up in a lush amazon like rain forest with big beautiful trees and velociraptors running around everywhere.
I mean they’ve been in a down trend for like.. ever but if you look. EVERY YEAR. EVERY YEAR!!!  The bounce up like 4-5$ during thanksgiving/Black Friday/Christmas.
There’s nothing more boomer than waxing nostalgic about how something used to be better
surely there's some other chinese EV company trading at 2 bucks somewhere, right? don't have cars yet or something? don't have anything? somehow listed as a family favor? I want in.
Don’t pay taxes trade in a roth
Oh God no please don't ruin this for all of us... Just take one for the team and stay out of it a bit longer and I'll pay you 1k when it reaches 60 for your efforts
I remember looking at NIO at $6
[deleted]
its already out
Diversify homeboy, buy some of both
how many of you would be fucked if elon passed from covid

And how many Li and NIO holders would jizz because tsla loses market share
I want my money today, at what price do I sell all my AMD shares
Ban
Why do people think that’s going to happen? The market cap at those prices will make them the largest companies in the world🤡
You speak truth
As is tradition
[removed]
Wow sold my NIO 45c weeklies at $46.7. fuk
[deleted]
I’m all in bby 🕶 (except for some small positions in apps and fsly)
thinking about scooping up 100  PLTR shares   


Adding to NOK and ABCB   


Gawk at EV gains on the internet
[deleted]
This comment literally goes against that.
I can’t imagine some sell may occur but if I had spare money I’d go right at open
circle of life here.
Next time !
I'm gonna tell my kids that XPEV, LI, and NIO were the 3 major indices back in the day
Yet it rises on the PM. Who’s fucking who here?
RKT IS 6 CENTS ABOVE 22 THE FLOOD GAYTES HAVE OPENED THE HYMEN IS BREACHED
Honestly impressed that all the shills chanting "NIO 50 EOW" were fuckin right...

&#x200B;

^(I ignored you retards on TSLA, but not for NIO Jan '22 50c's LFG!!)
!FollowThread
I made lots of money off BA puts
$200 is a bit high as a dkng bull myself. I've been in since 17 there aren't enough states that have it legalized yet to push it that high unless it pulls a TSLA and utterly abandons fundamentals. We'll see how many states make moves to put it on the next ballot
So FSLY is back on the menu?
What happens when LI misses ER?
RKT🚀
[deleted]
i jerk off and trade then sign into Zm university and go to sleep, like a true retard
Not salty I made some money off of NIO and think it's a great stock, but maybe it's time to start rolling out longer dated options plus spreads
Yup
Buy 2 strikes, same expiry.

Eg: nio 11/20 55c and 11/20 60c
[deleted]
Well that rapid test results are shit...
Tesla at 420 today?? Thoughts?)
The market is just gonna act like we didn't get 163k corona cases yesterday ?
Will there be a continuation of this pump throughout the day? Thoughts?
Wait till open
Nio safer, li dangerous due to explosive movement. Your call
we better be hitting $16 today...
#51
Why not both?
if NIO is 250 eom, I will be fucking rich
Bubble go pop pop 💥
NIO ponzi scheme confirmed
They beat
[deleted]
RKT 23 EOD???
Pump and dump that mltherfucker.
When was the last year inflation was 3% again?
It's only a problem of you're losing money
It has ever since wsbgod hit the front page and caused a big influx from /r/all
Niooo
Never Fuck with Mikey 🤷🏼‍♀️
I think 100 dollars is much more likely especially if college bb is cancelled again. But still super solid upside and worth adding to at any levels below 50/55
He said he took 4 tests, 2 positive & 2 negative?
 They sell thousands of cars a day hence the neverending pump
Hope u right!
Does this mean we’re all fucked?
witnessed this in march. I've seen plenty of TSLA put gain porn. but I don't see much DIS
22 next week
Fridays have been fire red lately so prepare yaself
[deleted]
I’m not talking about missing out on anything. Just saying in general.
They reported [ER](https://sec.report/Document/0001104659-20-124673/)
Elon Musk is exactly the type of guy to test positive for COVID and call the machine bogus.. Never change Elon 👌
XPEV, LI, NIO are mooning.  Make China Great Again and moon NKLA.
Just wanted AMZN to hit 3350
Let us know how trading ANYTHING else has been this week. 👌
Iam with interactivc brokers and making plenty on nio calls, change your broker pal
im sitting on $15 and $16 11/13c and sweating bullets. I need these to fucking print.
 Palantards we hitting 22 in Jan?
[deleted]
RIP new users who have rarely seen quality DDs. It's mostly just meme and loss/gain porn now
Strike?
 NIO LI XPEV

remember how all these stocks were in there low 40s? - some guy in 2025 buying these stocks for 2700 a pop
Did you miss out on the stock of the century /s
You were saying? 🥺
56
Shit. I have $10k . Don’t know whether to day trade LI or Nio
NIO $69.420 EOY
Aye I’m from Massachusetts, what state you in? It was crazy it snowed 2 weeks ago and was 70 the other day.
LI call holders what’s the plan? Sell at open?
As always wondering if it's too late to get in
Yeah!
Imagine if he reacted this way to tesla autopilot sensor data or sensor data from his rockets. 
"Something bogus is going on. The radar's seeing a firetruck stopped ahead for 2/4 seconds but the other 2/4 seconds it says road is clear. Best ignore it!"
Rip to my Disney puts ✌🏽
They reported
People say this every 3 months and have for over a year
[deleted]
There’s a cup and handle on the 1D and 1W for NIO
Is LI a legit company? Or just a product of the EV pump?
Been flipping ZM calls all week. Can confirm it feels great.
The only way
You probably missed out on NIO and now it is a reminder of that. Sorry for your loss.
Dont count on it.
Everyone already knows irony rules above all else
When I get rich I wanna marry milena velba she so hot give me a play
Damn that was a pretty big red dildo NIO, it’s ok bae you can take it
NIO 0dte baby, thinking of scalping, most of mine are in 11/20 and leaps
It’s the EV boom baby. Check out Solo
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Does EV autismo know no boundaries?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtfchj
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtfchj) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/timetrveler, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Soulreaper9z
CallsOnAlcoholism
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Does Solo hit 7 today?
Yeah, ppl be buying giraffes and shit.
Not quite yet. Once we get to 60 we’ll be chillin
Dkng taking off in premarket
There is seriously people complaining that NIO needs to go up more or they're fucked...

This is after NIO is up 5% in after hours trading lmao.

Yall gonna lose your asses!
I really want to buy some ZM calls. That premium is intense.
NIO 60c 11/20
Can we get a PLTR pump please. Tks.
Ban
This Sub has gone to shit honestly.
CCP pumping NIO up.
Holeeee fuckkk I got rd of my calls a day or two ago lmao

Then I saw unusual activity yesterday and psssed on it 😂😂😂🤡🤡
Check out HYG puts once gains level off
I bought $5 k of that pump and dump last year, haven’t checked since, I just wish I put in more

I’ll just assume it will be $0 in 10 years with like 1% chance of being a million or more
I can see DKNG being a $200 stock by the end of next year as a true market leader of online sports betting
[deleted]
They posted?
 you served us well today retard
[removed]
lookup LK
Just waiting for it to all come tumbling down similar to February
[deleted]
What would be a nice leap to buy on this? Something itm or otm?
BUY BUY BUY
Death rate for the Coronavirus is about 3-4 times the world average.  What...what death rate did you think I was referencing?

Honestly by the tone of your response I feel like you think the US is doing a bang-up job and I....I just don’t know how to break this to you but the media isn’t lying to you.  It’s not some weird conspiracy.
Whoa thats heavy, doc
Nio 55 EOD
If you stare at NIO long enough it will tell you the future
LI NIO and XPEV all racing to 100
u/savethisvideo
Bought a May 2021 27 call and I’m currently up more than 2k on one contract I bought when nio was at 25. Plus 100 shares sitting in my acc
Nah, they'll hold too long and it will plummet 30% overnight one of these days and they'll all get rekt
TSLA has a market cap of 390bn, while these companies have a market cap all about 50bn or less
NIO WILL 2X During ER. Mark it. 

NIO $250 EOM.
I do this shit as a hobby too but have all my savings on this hobby

XD
LI pumped so fucking hard that the highest calls you can buy are gonna open ITM
getting drowned out by chinese ev's on this sub
Its backed by CCP accounting.
How high can NIO really go today?
My dad has been in since 3.50, and his friend who is actually not retarded for sure day trades it a lot and has been since like 11
Plz be kil spy
If it expires past Jan then hold but I would sell in case a short squeeze or sell off period happens
Lots of gain porns on NIO
Yes! Tanzania is life-changing. I also missed out on Indonesia this year due to the 'rona so I feel you there. Egypt is arguably one of the best places to learn how to dive if that's something you enjoy on your travels. Viet
Why didn't you get back in?
WSB & Memes is a powerful drug
DKNG up close to 7% PM before earnings release. 

Totally normal, nothing suspicious here at all.
Yeah. They also recorded the first annual loss in 40 years and cut the January dividend. Disneyland in California is still shut down and with ‘Rona cases rising Florida properties could be in danger now too. Disney+ isn’t everything.
[deleted]
Lots of retards getting rich from NIO.
**Events in the US Today (EDT):**

* DAY - Wear a mask & socially distance <3
* 7:00am - FOMC Member Williams Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 8:30am - PPI (MoM-Oct) \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * FOMC Member Bullard Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 10:00am - Michigan Consumer Data (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 1:00pm - US Baker Hughes Oil & Total Rig Counts \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:30pm - CFTC Speculative Net Positions \[2/3 Volatility\]
* Progress on a U.S. stimulus package took another twist, with the Trump administration saying it was stepping back from talks on a relief package and leaving it up to Congress to revive negotiations with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, according to people familiar.
* Oil fell for a second day after a surprise jump in U.S. crude stockpiles and a gloomy forecast weighed on the demand outlook.
* In Chicago, Mayor Lori Lightfoot announced a 30-day stay-at-home order advisory starting Monday in an effort to slow the spread of the virus, saying that the city has reached a “critical point” 
* Anthony Fauci said on Thursday that a national lockdown is not inevitable and believes the United States could make it through the winter without one if “we can just hang in there” until the vaccines arrive.
* The president will receive an update on Operation Warp Speed (vaccine development) at noon.

**Events in the World Today (EDT):**

* 2:15am - Germany Buba Mauderer Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 2:30am - Switzerland PPI (MoM-Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 2:45am - France CPI & HICP (MoM-Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:00am - Spain CPI & HICP (YoY-Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 5:00am - Germany Buba Pres. Weidmann Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * Euro Zone GDP (QoQ&YoY-Q3) \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * Euro Zone Trade Balance (Sep) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 9:00am - UK MPC Member Tenreyro Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * Germany Buba Mauderer Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 11:00am - UK BoE Gov Bailey Speaks \[3/3 Volatility\]
* 3:30pm - CFTC Speculative Net Positions \[2/3 Volatility\]
* The European Central Bank is widely expected to add more stimulus at its meeting in December, and President Christine Lagarde cautioned Thursday about expecting too much from a potential vaccine.

**Earnings Before Open:**

* DraftKings, Spectrum Brands, Meridian Bioscience, PLx Pharma, Fang, Smith
Oh my fucking God. Some shit is going down. It... well...
Green by open, but we all know its gonna dump by close
DKNG slayed ER - get paid
Not a big stonks guy, that being said one of my buddies snagged 15 of these contracts so it’s more so a post to see if anyone else is hanging in there and how their feelin. 

Thought about using his screenshot but it felt gayer than showing my poverty
Where is Tesla going to be today??
[deleted]
Sweet
Dude people who got into TSLA pre split are just happy it’s not as volatile anymore. I’m holding shares and honestly happy if I never see another $100 day jump on that bitch 🤣🤣🤣
I wake up and NIO is at 50?! Let's fucking go, these 11/27 calls ain't sweating shit.
NIO you invalid
$LI STOP I CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT
Lol fuck your puts
Who here still plays around with Bitchcoin?
LI is that friend you told to start buying call options and he some how hits the lotto
wait for a bigger pullback then the 8% dip it had yesterday???
[deleted]
Those were the secret to financial success
Limit your sodium intake
Its the only stock worth trading period
No because it isn’t an EV pump it’s a China pump since Biden will lift Trumps tariffs. Wouldn’t be surprised if it’s China pumping their own stocks
Good morning.

Give me some plays for today guys...I’ve exhausted my watchlist

Also, what the hell is a vertical?
If NIO doesn't pop more before open I'm all in on FDs
Why u salty?
Also CureVac and Sony have been killing it recently. Happy about that
The question is do I sell my 40c li monthly  or hold that shit
Sounds quite nice. And I totally agree with you on the later part. That’s well said. I’ve been to Tanzania and it was epic.. was supposed to do a work trip to Indonesia and Vietnam in March but that got fucked. Would love to check our Turkey
NIO call updated but my balance hasn’t... weird why is it trading
To those who kept saying NIO 50 EOW when it was $39 on Tuesday, how your 0DTE calls looking now?
Death rate for the rona, nitwit 

The actual one
Good thing I still have 100 shares from early September 👐🏽
It would create a separate time line where even though he is George’s son, Marty’s son would now be Marty.
Yes
Man why didn’t I join the nio wave. I thought it was too good to be true
DKNG 🤤
11/13 spy356c gonna print! Let’s keep up this fake economy
There’s a 20% false positive rate actually.
DKNG BABY!!
 LI was given multiple steroids not meant for routine use. this is the only explanation
The show Dark actually handles this.
Alright, PLTR comeback today
Can anyone give a shoeshiner report on nio? Have your parents or friends who arent autistic started talking about it?
im also thinking big bull trap this morning. gonna wait 1/2 an hour to see what's up and if I can't snag some puts at the top.
True, no one aged 50 or below died or covid. Its a known fact.
Nio always dumps at 945 am right?
Anyone else feel like there should be a major crash but know we gonna pump today anyways?
You son of a bitch
I had a similar view to the company that you do until I listened to the earnings call - the CEO has absolutely no fucking clue about their business. They want to expand into the gaming coaching segment? Wtf is that
I sold the dip on wednesday and feel fucking sick
I lose. Which I am numb to
Seriously. Instead of sowing doubt and not taking it serious, just go the simple humane rout and say I might have Covid, inconclusive so far but I'll try to isolate and not get anyone infected as much as possible. Fuck, it's not hard.
Is NIO the only stock trading this morning?!
Well the parks make the majority of their revenue and profits. So there's a pretty good financial reason for them to open.
Oh SoftBank only care about money they have no morals lol Eg wework😂😂
Communism
White sand, blue waters, and not disgustingly over-crowded. All of the superior travel destinations imo are implicitly discouraged for US citizens. Turkey, Vietnam, Tanzania, Indonesia (not just Bali) to name a few.
Tesla sells EVs in China but isn't participating in the Chinese EV rally? Is that racist?
NIO calls are open?
Buy shares and some calls dated January for max tendies. Just needs 1 catalyst and we’re off to the moon
Holy shit. What is LI on ?
El-Erian fucks.
Then get a proper test
Someone’s salty. Just buy 1 call and join in on the fun brother
[deleted]
What RSI breadth? ToS lets you adjust the span, but it doesn't have units, just numbers. I think default RSI is set to "14" (14 days?)
NIO 50c holders we rich now 😀
This did not age well.......

The fundamentals analysis is sound and price is so low, its a **LONG TERM** bargain. Where else do you get paid near 3% just to own the stock via dividends?   


The thing is, Intel is seemingly also long term doomed by appalling management, internal strife, ‘diversity & inclusion’ wokeness/madness. No really, it is tragicomical that management seems more interested in being politically correct and ‘socially responsible‘ than profitable. MBAs running the show, not engineers. No insight whatsoever. 

Intel is cannabilising itself.   


Send this to the CEO: [bob.swan@intel.com](mailto:bob.swan@intel.com)
Right now?
The 2000 election was decided by around 500 votes in one state. This election is around a 200,000 vote difference in 5 states. Also going off precedent from 2000, if this WAS a disputed election -it isn’t- then Biden would still win.

SOURCE: was alive in 2000.
[deleted]
Me?
Pussies stay broke
No spy... Just stay down for 24hrs christ
DIS may never open the Cali parks again. lmao. 
What’s the point. Make it a VR app on Dis+. 
Add 2 hour wait times for extra realism. 

Fuck it.
10k. Love it long term
Fuck it
None of them lol all of them are basically green at the same days and red on the same days lol
True, I guess I just didn’t see the Japanese putting aside their racism against the Chinese, even for 💵
LI closed at 31 yesterday and just broke 40 PM LMAO
[removed]
I don’t think a single otherwise healthy person has died from it.
Wot could go wrong?
Puts are looking spicy, especially seeing every 14 year old autist in here put all their hopes and dreams into nio calls. It will plummet and then it will get quiet around here

Edit: y’all didn’t listen! Bought puts this morning and sold for a measly 30% gain but I’ll take every few hundred I can get!
2 words - Theta Gang. If you sold those calls and puts you win.
[deleted]
Not if you hold long term
LI is on a fucking whole other level wtf. 27% yesterday, 25% today PM holy fuck
Holy fuck LI
ready for Moderna to fake pump this market bigly
Lol pretty much
Price action vs news and also probability and small posn size. Like my 30p on XPEV
JD was given an extra scoop of creatine from NIO
Don’t tell me how to live my life!  Besides, isn’t Obesity like the 2nd amendment or something?  (I’m not American)
[deleted]
I have a AR15 nobody’s gonna bully me around
Red as in green lol
Yeah I'd rather the people are obedient robots than let the people invent binary gender, practice islam, protest against surgical masks, call fake news on science, allow saudis murder your own citizens.
americans are too dumb to think for themselves. the chinese has the government to think for them.
Just think about how which he is bitch. I don’t care what he does with his money, all billionaires are greedy anyways. Reread my comment bitch before you react
The pullback from 45 to 38 *this week* just didn’t exist in your opinion?
[deleted]
Ah yes, the 7:00 bot dump. My asshole is bleeding.
He beat Shaq
I understand scared money don't make no money but whenever NIO drops whether it is at 55, 75 or 100 there will be so many people going broke in this subreddit.
[deleted]
Viva NIO coño nos vamos hacer ricos
If you ain’t first, you’re last
what’s with amzn
[deleted]
Death rate in the US is about 3-4 times the world average.

But you guys can become bankrupt from a single hospital visit so I dunno.
It will brr to 100 in no time fellow nio man
But have you considered they also make tractors?   Ha.  They are pretty bad but the stock is pretty cheap
Shhhh
EV investors, invite me to your villas someday, and I will invite you to mine 😎
[removed]
[removed]
Can’t believe my 11/20 $60c are gonna print.  I hate being lucky about FDs because I’ll likely do it again and lose my ass.
[deleted]
Nio
Or SoftBank is now doing evs loll
You and me both....it is still popping off. Open is going to be nuts.
Sorry for the delay, in lovely Afghanistan.
http://imgur.com/gallery/ZrMOjx1
Not sure if I want to yolo the December options pretty expensive after that though, here's why I'm looking at them
Edit- seeking alpha articles not allowed I guess, basically a guy is saying the PT for BNTX is $600
Hahaha, weeeew lad
Is NIO gonna dump at open? If so, sell and then rebuy or just hold? (I got in at 47 so negative is easy to see if it dumps)
Has to pull back at some point, this convinced me it’s today
for everyone in "y'all" who did this, hundreds of thousands didn't and didn't post their average gains or losses.
Thanks man I needed that lol
The only reason I haven't fomo'd in is because I realized I snagged 10 shares @20 in my Roth, so that will be my participation unless it drops back down to the 30's
Hey I'm right there with you... I'm not complaining about it, my head is just spinning.
Just think about it retard. Reread my post, don’t go full retard
[deleted]
They were really still counting votes?
Yeah because you’re definitely buying that Chinese ev
Me yesterday and I don’t regret
Wishful thinking. 350 EOD at lowest IMO
[deleted]
What are the beaches in Egypt like
Which stock out of aapl amzn tsla msft fb googl almost gaps up everytime overnight ?
Fuck you retarded bitch on the internet. Fuck you
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [James Brown - Get On Up     ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCCkb6k_aow) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCCkb6k_aow)⠀►►⠀ 3:30 / 5:16 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
plus disney's ESPN is showing the Masters live all day
Let’s go put that on the fridge little buddy
Of course, but why try to fix something when it's making far too many people far too much money? China NEEDS this after giving everyone the flu this year, so they're willing to throw millions to billions just to keep things looking okay. Only for them to make as much from this themselves, and then short the market while profiting off of that too. Crony capitalism is king, and the people like us are his bitch.
Why though
Alexa, play Get on up by James Brown
Nflx definitely worth too much lol
Its only gonna keep going up
“Probably” being the operative word
The Chinese version of SoftBank must be responsible for this
Chinese Elon
apparently so.
what does this mean
Username checks out
You picked a bad first day. It’s all NIO. Not much variety.
I don't think anyone doubts Disney longterm. The money is flowing to certain industries and entertainment is suffering short term.
Cant moon when you’re already past the moon. Tesla has already gone to mars at this point
This guy thinks he's a genius? Tests have sensitivity levels, he could be just on the threshold so not "bogus" for this to happen. Showing himself to be a true retard.
It’s should be back at 38 in no time lol no one is using oil now😂
Tell that to TSLA one year ago
Should I be buying lol
I’ve ignored NIO long enough, which in hindsight was a terrible decision. Jumping in today don’t even care if it’s fomo
420,69
Well 50/50 shot at this point
Anyone got $$ in U?
What strike and date were you thinking for CCL?
No unfortunately I'm staying away. I know people are making gains like crazy but that run up is too crazy for me.
You actually look at KNDI cars??? Awful
I like that a lot
Bent and dicked
Can’t beat ‘em join ‘em
ETSY looking hella safe right now. Holiday season coming up and imminent lockdown.
You need to take on more risk, I'm doing $100k / day swings but I also have 60% of the portfolio in ETFs and plenty of $50k calls.
Martha Stewart approve this message😂😂
When they start opening up travel/restaurants etc. only to those who have received a vaccine we will see how quickly this mentality evaporates. I'm staunchly against the idea of getting the vaccine but if it means my ass is back on a beach in Egypt where it belongs you better believe i'm shooting the fuck up
Ban
What’s happening with weed stocks today?
I’m a plant
Bruh
Thinking of jumping back on NIO/LI/Xpev calls. I am going to get some $FSR 20c when market opens today for shits and giggles.. mostly shits
The actual Nirvana lyrics are:

"It's fun to LOSE and to pretend."
When the government sends me Waygu that’ll be the day
You’re dumb
No way they’ll turn into another Ford or GM making crap
yea man chinese stocks move different. look at their stock market ffs, crazy overblown hypes and very fast crashes after
Lol i made more money than you and I bought them yesterday
FSLY gonna do anything on TikTok news?
Ban
TSLA in Indon??
I am Mr M Yass
I give it two hours.... it’ll rise a little then big sell off 45 minutes before closing.... any bad news about lockdowns or anything over the weekend will kill gains
[deleted]
Bet you eat microwave burgers but still say this
I honestly hope he dies he’s a piece of shit who has exploited foreign mining operations
thank you for this post
Oil stocks are just destroyed now
[deleted]
Etsy seems like a bargain right now with holiday season coming up and imminent lockdown.
I will be messaging you in 9 hours on [**2020-11-13 20:55:31 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-13%2020:55:31%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtf81v/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020/gc58z0l/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtf81v%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_november_13_2020%2Fgc58z0l%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-13%2020%3A55%3A31%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtf81v)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
Spoiler: I'm a DIS bull check my history the last couple of days.

I really thought DIS would be 150 today, given that they went up to 144 on vaccine news. 

DIS+ got  73.7 million **paying** subscribers, in a year they added that amount. 

So either DIS should be worth more or netflix is worth to much. Dis added 20M users across their platforms, netflix added 2,2M.  


DIS total 120M  
Netflix total 200M

Dis have a much better business with parks/merchandaise, and added almost 10x as many subsribers.
It's like a certain coffee company's stock didn't implode overnight, and all of a sudden Chinese companies reporting is trustworthy. Can't help but think this is going to end in tears.
It transport a 1000 people and worth more then gm lol
They just got enough data wednesday and it took pfizer like a week to look at the data
Yeah you should stop spreading misinformation
He’s only the classiest egg. Poached.
No he is definitely a fungus
Earth is flat, buy $NKLA puts because hills don't really exist.
Godspeed to you! I would really recommend reading up more though I’m just a random autist on wsb LOL. But if you do go with this, just remember to always avoid assignment. Eg if the call you sold is ITM at the end of the week, just roll it out to next week. If it’s OTM just let it expire worthless!
80*
I’m silver gang. I’m a mineral.
It's not though, just like it's not broadly racist or homophobic. Just trolls and people who bite.
Goodness all your downvotes and you said near term!

I agree nio should pull back a bit to consolidate. But it also has slightly dipped each day this whole way up so maybe it doesn’t need a big consolidation

Long term I think nio is the only one of the 3 big Chinese evs that will win out and will prob buy up the other two if their stocks ever crash
Science needs to find the answer asap
What does it matter... you’re already guzzling mountain dew and doritos and putting whatever other poisons into your body. Fuck it, load me up with a vaccine. I don’t give a shit.
pissing me off
This is what happens when someone tries options without fully understanding how they work. Like magnates
[deleted]
I laughed so hard at this
Remindme! 9 hours
Priced in
[deleted]
[removed]
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Uh oh

Ban if not 345 EOD
There it is, the dump before the pump. Elon is a saint
Not sure u should be asking me. I only broke even after 3 years. 😂
Ability to reach 60?
did u convince them to invest 100% of their paycheck into NIO?
[removed]
They’re all from China and New Zealand. It is a good shout though.. my parents own a few restaurants in the northeast and we’re trying to buy them in august and everywhere was sold out. Finally got a bunch by luck and the same day someone offered to buy them for 2x
Initial post: today is near term top

This comment: no idea how high this actually goes 

Thanks CNBC
"I would like to see Jay Masters sit on Brad's face!! Imagine that!!??...... idk why i said that..."
[deleted]
Let him be let him short nio and do other crazy shit
Unless you are a plant, you're an animal.
Wall Street Chads aint gonna wanna hold shit during the weekend. Big sell-off about an hour after open. Hold your puts

SPY 345 end of day. Book it
[removed]
dang. Might ride this one for you. couple 0DTE spy calls too
I am, just not the vaccine.
Holly fucking shit mother fuck!!
Never thought I would say this but God bless the iv crush 😂
[deleted]
I have some $100c exp at 12/18 😶
[deleted]
That point when it was at -8% and all these gay ass bears were celebrating. Makes it that much sweeter they didn't even get the chance to cash in before it's back on a moon mission
I’d rather get the rona than get that rushed vaccine
[deleted]
FSR ~~go VROOM~~ doesnt make a noise because it's a EV but it is going up
SPH. I called it this past weekend (check my history) that they would have a huge beat. Supply propane in the northeast and will be filling those lamps up
You’re hired
That’s cuz TLSA is a filthy whore.
le dump
No.
[deleted]
Oh yeah I just sold naked calls and iv crush would probably save me lol but yeah I thought it would tank too. Wasn’t the iv super high for those puts?
I have nio shares at avg $29.41, do I sell some to buy calls? $58 11/20?
lmao stfu
I will never get a vaccine I’m not an animal waiting to be pumped full of drugs
EVangelist
I had 2 NIO $25c 1/20/21 I sold mine when it around $30. You're doing just fine
You're braver than me
Heard SNOW is partnering with The Weeknd. 
Take your nose off my keyboard.
True, went form sub mil to 2 mil, ATM was 3.5 mil. Now I could retired, but fuck it this became a game for me to see what's the highest score I can get in this video game called Wall Street.
Ok, I gotcha
Facts. I saw they’re coming out with some drone and I thought that was idiotic. However, I am patiently waiting for the purchase of Crunchyroll to be finalized, that has to be bullish
Market searching for some direction. Concerned about where it finds it...
Everyday I feel proud of myself selling NIO calls to secure profits.. but only to wake up to another NIO face ripper 😐
Yeah.  So of course the company doesn't  have the right to issue more shares any time it wants and dilute my ownership of it.  Because that would be equivalent to theft right?  Fucking tool.
[deleted]
Ik i wokeup and popped my addy it hasn’t hit yet
What is this logic? They can’t release it until they have statistically significant number of results. It’s not like they just pick a date
Just in regards to the overbought/extended conditions.. purely technical, no idea how high this actually goes. no one thought PTON would ever drop
double or nothing i want 1600%
Yeah, I was looking at getting Jan '22 $5C at $10.15 premium and then sell 11/20 $16.5C for -$1.03.
You didn’t tell me what you’re thinking about doing though? What if it’s a good play? Maybe I’ll join you 🤪
LOL. You think Americans would be ok with that? You must not live here
This is the best DD in this thread so far, thank you.  Fingers crossed for ol’ Musky.
Diamond hands baby
Always seems a lil sus when tech isn’t leading
it ruqqusening huehue
Oh no, a fade before open? Surely this won’t prompt buys at open! Oh woe is I 

/s
It’s a shame this company has other unprofitable businesses that are completely shut down this year
A dip is a dip
Crazy how TSLA be getting NO love during this EV pump!
You’re right. Going to delete my RH and reinstalling it Monday
NIO DEC18 puts ?
I member. I believe I said it was a bullshit pump and dump...but that’s ok I got in am doing well
Throw the party of the month? No the party of the year!
I think it's gonna continue the trend of big action early then flat the rest of the day
Lesson one is Never tell people about your investing
This
At this point i could catch my wife fucking her boyfriend in a NIO and all I could do is start clapping
Because I prayed for my defen calls.
He is definitely raging right now. Poor guy
NKLA and KODK is still the biggest pump n dump in history.
*huge Clifford the Big Red Dog cock has entered the chat*
Game plan: Be patience at open, if Nio dip 30 on RSI buy three calls for Nov 20, take profit on Monday.
You probably watch Rick and Morty
\^this

Sometimes algos get it wrong
bro what were you in that you missed the v shaped rally april-june? did you stop investing ..
Wifey has one, they're truly excellent.

I'd personally add a Mario Kart element to it myself
Idk but I'm about to dose and YOLO into all 3 of these Chinese EV because this has been retarded for days but just keeps going.
It sick it piss
[deleted]
There was a time I had a NIO 1/21/22 $20c. Paid $880 for it, sold it for $1345. So yeah.
You convinced me. Throwing 1k at 11/13 60c

Can’t go tits up.
How’s Amazon doing? Not showing any action
Bro, what? So you’re telling me an exercise bike company has a similar chart to a Chinese car manufacturer therefore it’s near the top?
SNOW melts when hot

Calls on HEAT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qgET1Zhpb8
[deleted]
godspeed to you sir.
this is the best DD
Are you out of your mind? The first round of lockdowns already decimated small businesses around the country, and the ones still hanging on are only still there because of the stimulus.  Restaurants have been hit especially hard because they can’t operate in a profitable way at reduced capacity.
[deleted]
PTON actually burns the fat off yo ass
Imagine not buying Sony calls the day the ps5 comes out on a dip 🤡
[deleted]
Seriously. What the fuck
Volatility ? Never heard. It's only stable up for me
BABA checking in!
Yes
everyday
Upvote if you know who Big Lenny is. This is a shot in the dark
So many people trying to find the NIO top. 

60 EOD. 😂
Never heard of her
Fuck it I’m sending it. 
FSR 17.50C 11/20
Electric vehicles are part of my religion
would of been rich
Jesus you sell anything that’s an 800% return what is wrong with you people
You know what happens when suddenly everyone starts making big virtual money.
futies fadin'

FUTIES FADIN'
Not even close.
The people who run the world
Coleman
He’s caught in a Donnie darko time loop

But if he banged him mom in the past where did he first come from?
They're all in China I guess

HD, LOW, AMZN sell them
Damn, I sold all my shares this week in anticipation of a drop after the new consoles (I'm not sure if GME can keep making money after people get their new consoles, which could last another 6 years)
Well that’s not true. Many people want to be at casinos etc except they aren’t allowed. Casinos (who do not go by state guideline but separate commissions) have ridiculous rules. The stimulus is being blocked because the house through in a trillion dollars worth of extra favors that have nothing to do with the pandemic. Senate offered at 1.5 trillion dollar deal without the special interest bs.
NIO products actually transport you places.

No Beyonce though
[deleted]
I feel attacked
this is the truth
and would he remember that he is his own dad?
[deleted]
Long haul gang.
NIO's chart looks very similar to PTON's,, if that holds, today should be the near term top
Yeah it’s early and my typing is shit. Put debit 46/39p 11/20
Nah. 

Sold mine at 10 then thew it into UPS calls into earnings. 

Good to see I still have the \*touch.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

\*touched in the head anyways.
> The fact that stats knowledge is needed to understand if you are COVID positive is broken

Then it's probably good that your doctor understands statistics then.
I too am
Jesus how good were LI earnings?!
Bayes theorem, even if you get tested and even though the test is 99% sensitive, there is still only a 75% chance of actually being positive when testing positive (given a few other variables). Learn statistics Elon you Noob.
If Marty McFly banged his mom in the past would he be his own dad?
Some lucky autists here getting $500k+ returns and still living paycheck to paycheck
never been here this early before
Nah, I'm gonna buy 8k worth of puts before close today and kill myself on Monday when it continues to run

EDIT: Don't congratulate me. I said I was buying them before close. Meaning at like 3:30. Yes I could have doubled my money.
SNOW reports in a week. 2 months ago it was 25% higher. Discuss
Only in the world of investing does one feel sick when profiting 110%.
That sucks
Yeah he was like the Bieber of the early 2000s
Hmm I wouldn’t jump in on a Friday, but I guess it depends what you want to buy. Not everything was pumped from Monday... if you are fomoing don’t do it. I’ve literally never made money on a fomo and many times it takes weeks just to break even from it. Think with your dick not your heart.
Notice how you’re allowed to call him a clown? If you called Xi a clown on Chinese soil, you’d be at risk of spending months in a work camp to think about your crimes. China is a shithole country that promotes fraud, cheating, and cutting corners. That’s why their people are stupid and their products are junk.
Lol today is Friday bro
It finally seems to have hit a floor and stabilized. I had to get out of my positions a few times because of the drops but may reload some later today if it stays a bit flat.
I’m in the salt lake area where all of the Bay Area people are leaving to right now because they are finally allowed to work remotely. I exaggerated a bit, I suppose it’s more like 440k, but still rough for a first time buyer
Contracts are just shares but they lose money
My 0 DTE NIO 52 FDs might actually be worth something lmfao
I think we’ll fade by open
Gross american ev
still better than without the test.
Lol
$19 yolo?  

I would agree if you panhandled or took care of some dudes behind a dumpster to get the $19,  but without back story, I gotta disagree with the tag.
Name one.
Man don’t blame the homeless for not loading up on Chinese car stocks. They obviously just aren’t autistic enough to understand
You should take some off the table.   Greed is a hell of a drug.
[I like volatility](https://imgur.com/unrCRp1)
Very sketchy mf
If NIO ever hits 3000$ we can shut this sub down
Lol at all the fags saying talk to a cpa. Wtf yall act like you've actually blown money on financial advice.
Economic depression means higher stonk prices
It’s only the US that acts like nothing happened and a few 5th world countries. 

EU is fucked into oblivion with complete shutdown in retail and travel/hospitality. 

Even before the second shutdown, clothing shops offered people to take clothes home to try them with 30 day return policies with no questions asked. Dressing rooms were prohibited because of COVID. 

Now it’s online shopping only. Guess what? Becky doesn’t like shopping online, she likes to try things.

Not to mention people rioting because they go bonkers wearing stupid masks and losing their jobs second time in a year.

The recent rally on Fuckzer vaccine news is so comedic because literally the same day WSJ published photos of scrape yards full of cruise ships.
Puts on feelings. They suck 😕
A meme stock goes nowhere without the memes
you think the "scientific community" (what ever that's supposed to mean) should educate you about basic math? or how to use google?

If your understanding of the underlying is bad, that's just your fault.
OH NO! The Redditor got me what will he do with his fedora now? Well let’s just begin with, where the hell did you think anyone doesn’t know what your entire second paragraph was about? No, i am mistaken... you are the ALL KNOWING REDDITOR! (Obviously a joke directed at Redditors). You totally wasted your second paragraph at a lame attempt at a roast (which I saw coming from a Redditor). 
And for some unknown reason if in fact there is evidence of widespread voter fraud why do you think there wouldn’t be a recount? (Redditor Logic 101) 

Geez dude learn simple civics. 😞
And don't get me started on Qualcomm
Dump the remaining in FSR stock and leave it alone for a year, come back and sell that stock only to lose it all again.
Calls on outdoor heat lamp companies
I feel like I’m too late to jump in this.. is it too late?!
Bought hella FD’s on Nio yesterday expiring today 51c, bought yesterday when $45 what is this market logic
The fact that PLTR is diversified in so many industries is a massive W. Definitely going up long term.
Lol the one we had on Monday. It’s Friday bud.
How dare you
Positions or ban
Shut yo mouth
 **(Boomer Style)** 

This is the way. Time tested.
Someone wanna let this guy know we turned the corner
Never bet against the mouse
Just gonna give you a little spoiler, I saw first hand where all that PPP and CARES Act money went, and it sure as fuck was not to small business.
KNDL
[deleted]
same here my guy, fucking fomo killing me
How about ladyboys? Sounds like your cup of tea maybe? There’s someone for everyone
It's awful.  I bet against nio.  Got really lucky with a 20k put on wed...   But if i waited.   Poof.

Just gotta wait until you see the next thing all over the place and short the old trends.
So get more today. Also LI
Put it into my new Xbox and it started smoking
It was over 51. 

It’ll be 53 at open. 

It’ll be near 60 EOD. 

It’ll open at 65 Monday. 

Don’t stop taking acid.
Lol no money for you loser.
Maybe this nurse has shitty technique. Maybe bad batch. Maybe it's just the beginning and he's not contagious enough. Maybe is Maybelline. Lots of potential theories.  Doesn't mean he just discovered a conspiracy.
Bullish on BABA :)
The dollar store wine that comes in a cardboard box?
If you wait for the dip, you’ll be waiting forever. Plus what people consider a “dip” is all relative. So it’s better to just go in raw
Acid took you, and NIO is here to save you
This was me with AMZN a couple weeks back!  -90% to +20% in the matter of a few days!!! 💎 🙌
The problem is that avarage uncle Joe believes Facebook posts about tests being a lie and covid a Hoax and then when he has a positive test and flu-like symptoms goes like "it's just the flu!". Doesn't wear a mask, go spread it everywhere till he feels lile shit, finally goes to the hospital and he has 80% oxygen levels and needs a ventilator. 

In this case, Elon's Tweet is exactly what I'd expect from uneducated Karens. People who thinks that knows it all and doesn't trust someone with a fucking degree telling them "you're wrong".
😂😂
Unfortunately the succs passed away
When NIO 2 comes out
Waiting till next week for some earnings puts
Some [dude](https://twitter.com/pandaflieszepp1/status/1326998782794477575?s=21) listened to Unusual Whales on DIS Puts and lost it.  

Mickey has the most loyal & forgiving investors on the planet. 

It’s the human factor of things. 
Put that in your bot & smoke it.
when was the last time we were all looking at statistical rates - never, since this is the first time large non scientific population is looking at this stuff user experience is going to be bad.

 I think this might be a good learning experience for us as a whole. For scientific  community to create a lay man's version of statistics probability metrics that are put out for people to understand, Also for the common person to teach himself some probability and statistics. A lot of other stuff in our day to day life is presented this way and we take them at face value, hopefully this will be a good learning experience. I think we need something similar to the fireside chats by Roosevelt so there is a mass understanding.
Sold my NIO calls for 110% yesterday and feel sick about it
I finally understand how people get wiped out so easily. I literally comment hey wait for a NIO dip to get in. You know like the one we had on Monday. Immediately I get downvoted and then someone tells me it won't ever dip... Jesus Christ. I'm on the China EV train just like all of you retards but at least be realistic
I wish he could turn my urge to jump off a cliff to freedom bucks
Here’s the thing, isn’t SE and MELI in similar economics? Aside the oil part
JD not getting love?
so you holding during Earnings? or selling and then buying again?

I sold XPEV before earnings like a pussy and then regret losing on potential gains. what if NIO doesn't dip like XPEV..
Why do u think moderna is going to have good data? They would’ve released it by now if it was good
“Adjusting for compensation” is the most absolutely hilarious bullshit I’ve ever read in any financial analysis. “You know if they don’t pay their employees and they all work there for free this company turns quite the profit!” Yeah. Slavery plantations were profitable. Excellent analysis. Morons.
Rumor their planes will be ungrounded next week
Could be the other two fudged their numbers and NIO didn’t.
Sold my shares at 10%. Pumped    20% extra...yes shares on a canadian moped
Sold my fisker calls at a loss yesterday🤡
I had no idea who that was and now I learned something today.
Just gona throw this out there.... all this chinese EV upside has to have a downside. Prediction: Tesla valuation correction soon.
I’m adopting OXENPILING for when I talk Chinese EVs. It’s the new FAANG.
[deleted]
You should DYOR into the founder.   Then come back and apologize for this garbage post.
I remember when nio was like a $1 😂
I’m seeing green in my future 🤣
Big red gang what happened?
[deleted]
Bears in the fucking mud
*happy Aaron Carter noises*
[deleted]
Okay may bad NIO will just go vertical until the end of time. There will never be another dip
You know they won’t. All the essential businesses will conveniently be the publicly traded ones... Democrats say they’re for the little guy while simultaneously slaughtering the little guy with their fear mongering and shutdown. I’d rather get the damn virus than live in fear and lose everything I have worked for. I knew a few people that lost their jobs and had to sell their homes
You don’t think there’s gonna be a continuation of this pump thru the day?
 My new doctor asked me about my online investing during my phone check-up today. I thought she was interested in hearing about my trading skills which get me money, but then after I spoke for five minutes about it, she said she was concerned that I had a gambling addiction. She's obviously clueless
I swear WSB calls it right. You gotta ride the trend early its possible. PLTR, NIO are clear examples for me
Pltr and rtx dec calls were both 5 baggers for me
What do you mean? Put credit is bullish
This is the way
So you're saying Chinese stocks are a hoax?  

Asking for a Fox news viewer...
Im sad us Eurofags can't fuck with non-Euro based options.
I think I’m buying back into Kandi today
Not if they cause a short squeeze
LI moon'd yesterday and doing some more post earnings
Really wishing I turned Gynese instead of playing ZM
[deleted]
Sell zm m8 roll down that strike
Same
Yes it is! People will go around socializing thinking that they don’t have it!
You gotta inverse the logical to make money according to WSB!
Lmao there is magically an answer to everything
Down to get wiped by NIO, fomo time
Eh 5/10 meme
Crayon charts say possibly new all time highs so calls it is. See you in Valhalla
Case in point:

XPENG

WTF

It's a scam stock.

[China is going to take your lunch money](https://www.barrons.com/articles/wondering-how-high-xpeng-and-nio-stocks-can-go-youre-not-alone-51605215909)
Pre-market is green.
Lmao how about I trust myself
[deleted]
Good luck.
I’m holding the same.  Only 1 also.  12/2 exp.  gonna hold.
Election bump.
Anal
Tested twice positive and twice negative makes me think he can actually be in 2 different places at the same time
I kinda hope so for my revenge put credit spread. But I don’t think so sadly

They all need to pile in before it’s the top
Need spy to go downies plz
He is not denying COVID, just that the tests are any good. Think about this, while they are 85% sensitive, they still have a large percent of false negatives, what do people do when they get negative results? They go around socializing assuring everyone it’s just a cold, are the tests really helping us here? Add to the problem that the symptoms are all over the place and you have a recipe for disaster. Elon comments is spot on, we have a test problem, perhaps not in the scientific realm but in the day-to-day.
Brain eating amoebas and love of gaping?
Acid it is at 51
Morning pump.  Afternoon dump.  Book it.
Right before earnings
“Bogus”.  Yeah, he’s Gen X for sure.
Good morning ladies, I hope you’ll make tons of money today! 💵
Anything is better than playing Moderna
>In around 4-5 hours BABA will moon 5%+.

Why? Singles day numbers? ANT news?
Prolly both
Now on SoftBank board, after Rajeev Misra fired.
3 hours until market open....NIO has traded over 2 million shares.  Wow!
Uh, huh

We shall see


SPY 400c 1/15/21 x 5
Are CCL leaps better than playing moderna before their vaccine data?
Did I take acid or is NIO really at 50.83
Top confirmed
I mean, the dude is an engineer.
I’ve picked coke boogers worth more than your play.   Ban.
CALLS on bricks ;)
When your calls stop printing
Liar.  It's been raining in SF for a fucking month and it's still raining.

I love the rain drops falling in the wine glass like he's drinking bubbling WSB magic retard strength.
You can’t not have grocery stores open my dude
[deleted]
Yea I know, just not sure if they’re currently running on hype like NKLA or if they actually have something coming in 2022
[deleted]
[deleted]
Were you even alive then? It's not comparable with this election at all. Trump needs 4 out of 5 states and all five are going against him by tens of thousands.
Bro look at the crayon chart, the uptrend has plateaued. We trading sideways for months now. No way it’s over a correction is coming 300-320. 
Fuck me if I’m buying puts no way I’ll wait. Or I’ll join back when volatility stabilizes.
Wild speculation
It is dawn in America. From the steaming entrails of a Bear, a PLTR RiSES!!!
Ugliest vehicle on the road. Looks broken. 

Owner of some pet clinic down the street still has one.
this must be the top
In around 4-5 hours BABA will moon 5%+. 

Don’t say I didn’t tell you.
Tuck it into my undies to be sure
I got 11/20 puts just sounds like the call went well despite them missing EPS so badly.
Was their moon yesterday shooting their wad?
If he gets to Mars first it’s his. Just like how people colonized...the globe. What’s the difference between a dude in a rocket ship and a guy in a wooden ship?

Also he won’t be able to keep it for long. 

He won’t have the resources to colonize it alone so the government will have to help and then it will no longer be his planet.
Why am I so dumb and gay
Leaps are comfy
I mean no kidding ofc EU is trending down heavily, we just got massive lockdowns end of September / early NOV. What the fuck did he expect? Those were the days SPY tanked 10% in a week or so.
Let us know how that goes for you
You've made worse bets 😎
LU
That supreme court ruling did not create precedent because they let the state court decide. The 2000 election came down to 1 state which was within several hundred votes, i.e., the automatic recount limit. This election is not even close to that. Biden is winning by several states, none of which are close enough for a recount except maybe Georgia. 

Also, the supreme court doesn’t just decide what cases to hear because “tHeRe WaS nO rEcOuNt.” The litigation needs to move past other courts before it even is considered by the supreme court. 

Jeez dude learn some civics.
So you just posted in r/investing that you recommend NIO calls?
No need for tricks, just throw out all the illegal shit that went down during the counting
IV crush about to rape everyone anyways
Dude has to get one more test.  3/5 wins.  Why this is so difficult?? SMH
Very true.
Fuck it gonna yolo into both today. China won’t let it go down.
DGLY would fucking moon with riots
[deleted]
Take it from a guy from Canada who heavily invested in a few Canadian stocks. They fucking implode once the hype is gone. They are still a farming business at the end of the day. Glad I sold my US based ones last week at their high.
420.69
I’m his second cock it’s black
Shut the fuck up with your idiot conspiracy theories. If we don’t shut down then the pandemic rages and the economy stays in the shitter regardless of what regulations you have. No one is going to casinos or on cruises and it’s not because of the big mean government. It’s because there’s an uncontrolled pandemic with a task force led by a Christian who thinks he can pray away the gay in people and people (customers) are scared. Protecting small business is exactly why the shut down should be paired with stimulus money. Which is exactly what the majority of Americans want but is being blocked by Mitch McConnel, and Trump is playing golf and rage tweeted 100+ times yesterday...about himself. 0 times about the pandemic. I think your uneducated ass meant to post in r/tinfoilhat with your “the gunmint is coming for our small bidnesses!” bullshit. An uncontrolled pandemic is exactly what will kill small businesses and make the entire world shop at Amazon. You have it exactly bass ackwards. Excellent work.
I’m not American so I’m not sure about robinhood. But any proper broker would allow you to do so. I use IBKR. If you do wanna go with what I proposed you would have to put up some margin. Eg if let’s say you own a long dated dec 2021 20c, if you wanna sell this week’s 16c, you need to put up $4 in margin (diff between 20 and 16). This way your broker’s protected from any huge upswing in the underlying eg moving from 15 to 100.

If however you want to avoid margin, you can buy a deep ITM call eg dec 2021 10c. Which effectively acts as stock so you can sell any call above that strike price without any margin. The trade off of course is that the deeper ITM call will cost more
Lol let me guess you don't listen to the actual words or policies coming from your Democrat masters

They legitimately want to shut it down again, lmao
Yes, but also just Fomo and upward momentum
never
Nope just bought shares as it dropped and made a profit👍 might still be able to make money today tho. Or not lose all your money at least
I can't fathom holding any position longer than a few days out. That shit is just boring. I bet you leap holders tuck in your shirts you boomer ass bitches
You have 1 contract. Hardly counts as yolo
It’s amazing that people think Musk himself actually knows how to build a spaceship lmao. It’s like saying the ceo of intel himself knows how to build computer chips. They’re businessmen - their expertise is in running an organization not building the product.
Hillary might not be but go take a little peeky at any of the Podesta art and if it doesnt set off red alerts for you then youre smoking meth
I love feeling like I'm "diversifying" with all three of them
When to buy NIO puts is the question...
[deleted]
Cash gang is worse than buying a random OTM SPY call that leaps 2500% from literally any good news, though
Might be worth it then. Earnings will only boost it too right?
The unemployment line
😂😂 that would have to be one magic rabbit!
Sometimes you got to risk it for the biscuit.
Angry little man
Uh? https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/letters-health-care-providers/potential-false-positive-results-antigen-tests-rapid-detection-sars-cov-2-letter-clinical-laboratory
I think Nio, Xpeng, and Li should merge in a new company with the anagrammed ticker OXENPILING
So uhhh about that username 👀🤤
He’s 49 and thicc af
[deleted]
Terrible loss posted algo probably sold off as soon as numbers were posted. Then they raised guidance and if got bought up
Buy 1000 shares, yesterday
Is this the silent majority I’ve heard about?
Then he’d say calls...
[deleted]
So now both XPEV and LI reports great Q3 earnings and moons. Any reason we shouldn’t yolo in 11/20 NIO calls for their Tuesday earnings?
Only gutsy enough for a put debit spread. It’s a revenge trade for selling my 50cs on a dip at break even instead of like 5x yesterday

Prob not the best idea but I imagine I will a share it down to nothing ness
on the same boat baby. still holding strong.
Someone reply to this^^
Fomo into 2021 calls for LI at open ?
Sell at a price your comfortable getting out at. Yea it'll cap your upside but you need to strongly look at reducing your position size
Wait until like 30 mins after open and see if it dips for a buy-in. If no dip, just buy the option you want
Couldn't help but notice the US line actually is going up while the others are crashing
[Me after going balls deep in Chinese EVs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xotXHjKHqY)
Tesla FOMO, everyone and their retarded moms don't want to miss out on another $TSLA like run, disregarding everything else. Speculation. XPEV, NIO and LI are going to make a lot of people filthy rich right now, but leave some hilariously fucked  bagholders once they are done running up when ever that will be, and people realize there never will be just 3 companies selling EVs.
Why?
[removed]
Technically, America didn’t do any of the Apollo missions to land on the moon by themselves, they just paid a bunch of engineers to do those things for them, lol.
Went from 27-38 yesterday.

Xpev also should get another look
What did u go big on weeklies?😂
Nothing quite like waking up in the morning, scratching your balls, and looking at NIO starting off its moon mission to $60
Ramen with wine... That is what I call fine dining
Not with the pandemic we are in
Yeah, how can Nio have a bigger value than BMW ?
God I hope we don’t have another lock down.
So far China is giving a lot of benefits for EV owners.  They want to curb pollution obviously.
So PLTR dropped 8% AH after earnings and now is up 2%? Pick a direction why the volatility are earnings that controversial I don't get it
it better be or else my call expiring today will be worhless
True 🤣🤣
Holy fucking shit congrats! not only on the almost 100,000k but also for having such balls of steel
COD is dead like Madden
Lol try and cry
That is truly staggering. They’re recommending options!?
Whatever happened to the guy who would water his succulents?
post the n word
If you were to try to get into NIO now what’s your play
[deleted]
I don’t trust this at all. Fuck it go to 380 for all I care. Cash gang better than no cash, or being stuck holding bags for months. This is ridiculous and everyone knows this.
Friend fucking your wife or something?
lol let me guess u think hillary is a satanic pedo too? fucking alex jones worshiper gtfo

edit: not gonna lie i am just posing as a leftie lol just wanted to see what it feels like to sound like an AI bot for the left.
Depends on how much Biden fattens them up.
Dunkin made me good coffee this morning. Good job Dunkin employees
Already declared bankruptcy once. I'll pass
Looks like I missed it, hate buying shit that's already ran up that much
At this point r/investing is recommending NIO calls....just sayin...
Honestly that would be the flip of the century. I’d be mindblown
You think Li will rise just as much as NIO? Might split what I’ve got into both.
then best of luck to you. godspeed.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/WindyCityJD the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Alright Nikola is up 20 cents Before Open, who did this?
Morning Gents! 
How the Mouseketeers feeling today?
He had the rapid antigen test and that is hot garbage. It would show you that you might have had an infection, maybe even months ago.
This is the way.
NIO: "WHAT'S A DIP!?"
[deleted]
Sell some, keep some IMO
They are adapting. They wouldnt have without Covid. Mr Market liked that
It's rarely a bad time ever.

I'm gonna wait for a morning dip myself. LI is also your friend
That was b.c Trumps statement, it ended up being misinterpreted..
Autist
Drops at 2pm
You meant nio?
Where you at NIO SHORT GANG😎
Calls if it dips. He caught a bullshit meme cold, shit’s probably not even gonna tank
[deleted]
unfortunately i do have options
They’re already dying, how much more can they die more.
America time
The fact that stats knowledge is needed to understand if you are COVID positive is broken, it speaks to the lack of touch from the scientific community communicating with average people. To average people, this testing system feels broken. Your explanation is pretty good, but unfortunately, the scientific community is shielding behind sensitivity rates when speaking and letting the public interpret them, that’s not gonna get us very far.
Yeah, Sold Nio at 15$ after Buying for 10$. It's still in the Green...
That would be some rabbit 🐰
Brad pitts
Seems like a cash out
Ok I don’t want to spam this place but I’ll lay it out in a way you retards will understand.

Buy $FSR, it like $NIO but American. Soon 🚀
But if you had caught the Tesla hype at peak WSB mentions you would have bought puts at 500

The bitch is calling the top too early 🙋
Gonna have a bad time.
if........ Only.........I........Had.........More..........Than........50 contracts...
Cruises always pump in retard fashion. For months there every time CCL touched 13.50-13.80 EOD, you knew it was going up 3-7% the next day.

That's the number I was waiting for to make some more free money, but 14.80 might be the new # with the vaccine news.
This is why I love capitalism. Let's retire a bit earlier than planned boys....let's goooo
If mango can pull a rabbit out of his ass and win then I bet all China stonks die
What’s the play for investing in NIO today? Wait for a dip or yolo at open...?
The future Uber drivers of the world.
<sniffs pits>
[deleted]
"For the three months to the end of September, Palantir’s revenue climbed 52 per cent, to $289.4m. It reported a net loss of $861m, or 94 cents a share, $847m of which was due to employee stock expenses following its direct listing in September.

Adjusting for the compensation costs and charges associated with the listing, it reported a profit of $73m, or about 8 cents a share, compared to a loss of $92m the year before. Wall Street had been expecting adjusted earnings per share of 2 cents, with revenue of $279m."

https://www.ft.com/content/9fdbf565-8be3-4972-8f8f-4cad3dda5101

PLTR to mars
Everyone is visiting China EVs. Sorry.
Lol thats nvax 😂😂
I guess I’ll be on the sideline this week after big gains from last week. Can’t have it all 🤷‍♂️  😩😩😩😩😩😩
I really blew up my account with PLTR earnings fml.
Not without Elon you ain't.
Date: year,month,day. Then number of days banned. Last number is first or subsequent offences, 1st, 2nd etc.   
Although some jailbirds saying last number inaccurate.
Classic 4am pump/6am dump
Papa Elon caught the rona. Puts on TSLA?

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472?s=21
Why is BA pumping
Good thing I sold options
Mini smoked sausages
I have a feeling Li will do the same thing Xpev did yesterday, especially now that everyones so inspired to do so from yesterday.
Sell and change to $60, was holding $15 same date just to look at the percent gain go to the moon but missing out on more potential tendies
Anyone else playing Revlon upside?
Pumps are handed out for free thanks to the Chinese government. THANKS COMMUNISM, DADDY BE PROVIDING THE GOOD SUCC.
[deleted]
In China Elon Musk is Xi.

All others are pretenders.
Love when losers give winners advice
[deleted]
Great. Fucking. Movie. 
One of the best 🙌
The only time zone that matters here
Short shorts
Hold at least through earnings
You must hate him
Oddly positive, aren't we
My boy spy is about to catch a fade
I got in SOLO at 2.9 with leaps and shares (sadly way too little), ill be holding till $8 or 9 at least probably. Easily doable with their market cap, it wont be a $20b hype company, but it's not gonna crash to oblivion with their current market strategy and just starting their product line, together with earnings beaten.

I dont think its a complete buy and forget stock, should try to monitor closely how they will perform selling stuff early 21
[removed]
Feels bad man. I feel the same way about Nvidia
so everyone is lockdown forever but oil still $41 ?

😑
Honestly tho that M1 chip looks amazing and bench marks are coming out that back Apples claims on its performance.
Yes.
China is imploding
Lol as a Jew that have a family in Israel don’t trust what they say nothing moves in this country ever 😂
Don't show people the secret handshake...
[deleted]
[deleted]
The nkla of biopharma...
It really is true.  Don't get against meme trends until you stop seeing it in here.  Look at tesla.  It's flat.
Chinese ev market breaking out, and all Tesla news can come up with is: Elon tests both positive and negative for covid. Fucking rip Tesla
You have the wrong kind of autism.
My Nio $41C 1/15/21 are up 823%, sell or hold
OP just copied and pasted some random statistics $#@& on WSB to see if we'd notice.

F-ing retard.
commies*
I am looking for the right time to jump in front oh this train with puts or short shares 😂 it can’t go on like this for more then a few days lol
I didn’t mean to call you stupid. I meant shut up* but you’re probably right after Monday’s pump it’s just been a flat slowly trickle down market. The worst kind
You realize that was all because of trump right
Their website shows 2022 is when they debut
God speed, you beautiful bastard.
Not really a hipster, but I would get one. 

Price is nice even without scaling of production.

Look at their other models. Pretty neat, too.

Next NIO, IMHO.
[deleted]
Lots of upside. Israel and NJ legalizing
No need to model. Just buy long term Big Tech calls. And resist all other temptations. This has been printing for years.
They are such ugly “cars”
$51 isn’t boring
Joe Biden is gonna wipe out your student debt anyway so might as well max it out and YOLO it on Nasdaq futures.
its **Moderna** time to pump the market
Redditor logic: Proud Boys = Homophobic 

Despite openly gay Proud Boys 😖
Calls at open then?

Regret not getting at any point yesterday.

Stocks up over 40 percent in a day though lol
[deleted]
6:20
Activision calls with the new CoD coming out today?
[deleted]
Idk cus my calls are in danger
Specially the last one. They call it the love hormone for a reason lol
Maybe NIO
Hey I've seen you around and have heard both your general ideology and also your trading background. I'm curious to hear about your background and where you are at and how you got there. It would be nice to chat sometime. I'm probably more curious about you than you are about me, but if you ever feel like rambling, I'll gladly listen.
[deleted]
Take my upvote sir
SOLO guy swimming today
Time to buy?
:(
At the money yesterday.
sheesh gz
It’s 3:19
Buy the goddamn baba dip. Jacki boy to the moon
I would approve but u know they won’t lol
I can’t believe I had a nio 36 call I panic sold on a morning dump two weeks ago
I will sell few nio puts .
What kind of egg are you? Hard boiled, scrambled, chicken, fish?
Well first of all, no one seems to know when Biden is actually President-Elect (hint, it’s December 14) and similar to The 2000 Bush and Gore incident I have no doubt that before then the already Democrat and Republican Congresspeople will agree to a recount, if not then there is no doubt it will move up to the Supreme Court, which btw has already made it precedent that ruling in favor of a recount on the case of a presidential election is all fair, given the month-long series of legal battles which led to the 5–4 Supreme Court decision Bush v. Gore, which ended the recount. Ultimately leading to Bush’s victory.
So you are the only person in wsb to not buy NIO?
Come on nio get to 60 papa needs a brand new tesla
Commie
its getting high
me n my homies hate SPY. Fuck SPY
Disney has worked out how to give Disney Plus away in India for free. Stock goes up 5% premarket.
[deleted]
Then start betting in them before the US open.

You’d probably like futures, highly levered, with large notionals.
Baby don’t hurt me
dopamine, serotonin, and oxytocin
GM to all the retards panic selling DIS into the earrings
Summary of investment 101 basicallg
[deleted]
I’m not superstitious but I am stittious.
[deleted]
They really said bulls and bears are both fukt this week
The American dream is now made in China. You don’t buy the batteries on these cars like you do on Tesla’s, you rent them. And they take 5 minutes to change out instead of two hours, they are always backed hardcore by the government and they’re expanding into Denmark and Europe now. How many people buy Honda or Toyota ? Millions, because those engines run forever. China has the biggest vehicle market in the world, as petrol cars get phased out EV will take over, NIO is the Mercedes of EV over in China, it’s like having a Tesla over here.
What is love
Do you reckon this is a long term hold?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Look like Tech is mooning at the moment but I bet that it will stop mooing at opening because we're gonna go to Mars!
So puts
NIO's tequila: Nana Nio
[deleted]
Told my friend to buy puts on xpev
Lol, just lol.
THIS. IS. CLOWN. GANG.
They sell water flavoring at Walmart called MIO
[deleted]
Baba has Pooh’s attention. I’d stay the fuck away for a bit. Jack Ma has been MIA since the news broke.
Man fk y’all I’m going to r/investing to become a millionaire
[deleted]
When the mainstream auto manufacturers get serious about EV, TSLA will gradually bleed down to the high 100's, low 200's.
Yes, good luck
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [China National anthem Chines](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UctriMuXYS0) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UctriMuXYS0)⠀►►⠀ 0:58 / 1:28 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
It, along with the other big chinese ev’s, is being heavily supported by the chinese government amd will continue to be supported by the chinese government for the foreseeable future considering its a growing market that china can get into and because china has a very serious air pollution problem that it needs to work on rn (which its doing by pushing ev’s). NIO is now alongside Tesla in in technical capabilities via the self driving. Furthermore, china has shown thats its fully capable of penetrating markets across the globe, especially american markets, due to its manufacturing capabilities and its ability to keep its exports cheap
We opening +.5% and closing -2%
There's always a slight dip. Remember yesterday when it ricochet off of 49 back down to 46?
today’s plan is to sell you all calls and watch us go sideways
Alexa play the Chinese national anthem
Triple stack 🥯 gap up followed by corona circuit breaker🦠 today.
You had us in the first half, not gonna lie
What country should we use as an example of success, America? You guys did vote a clown into the white house.
not so sure,, enough to get some small good 747 news and hold 181 for it to continue up
This is the way
They must have coated that cat in flubber
>EatMePlsDaddy

I did the same. When are the earnings actually out?
How do y’all like to prepare your bear meat? I find it best stewed, in chili or made into jerky but I’m open to recipe suggestions
The report was good because they 4x their revenue
11/13 before market open central time

in about 2 hours
Doubt it we’re probably going to end up trading flat yet another day for a flat week of trading
I bought stonks instead of calls because I’m gay
As is tradition
350**
Scratch that. NIO opening at 53.
its green pre market WYM BITCH

if u mean why it crashed earlier its cuz jack ma told china government to suck his pee
80 to 100
Anyone else yoloing a $60 $NIO call exp tomorrow?
U think theres gonna be dip today?
I has def had a Tesla level move
So what exactly has happened between last night and today? The market fuks
Gay bears blame everything else for how bad they are at trading. Timing, retards, bubbles, homosexuality. At least bulls know they’re autistic.
Well I have puts and my asshole is puckered like no tomorrow
[deleted]
Alright so what’s the next Nio?   Just pick any $2.10 stock and go all in?
Well. Guess I’m gonna lose all my money on my puts today. Maybe I can ask my gfs bf for more money for Christmas so I can keep playing this game  and give them more time to fuck in peace.
Because i bought a ton of shares yesterday 🤡
[deleted]
Why though?
$FSR said don’t forget about me!
Li is making me a bunch of money. I was dumb last week for selling the 12/18 40cs I had but I got some back and it’s already been a 3 bagger. Let’s hope that shit keeps running
[removed]
Dead cat bounce before corona correction today. Finish -2% S&P
Collateral pump
There's many of us😢
No calls. Their whisper earnings were good.
Week after your puts expire
Why did BABA dip??
I hope your right. I want the market to open, goes straight to red. :)
No idea but at some point IWM is gonna have to fill that huge gap below, right?
First
300
>And I'm born rich, life ain't fair, it's silver spoon coon, ho  
>  
>Ain't nobody sicker in my Fisker, “vroom-vroom,” ho  
>  
>Ain't nobody—  
>  
>(Fiskers don't make noise when they start up, just so you know)
How do y’all like to prepare your bear meat, I find it’s best stewed, in chili or made into jerky. Open to recipe suggestions though.
SPY retesting 360 today
Its how many bj’s they have given
[deleted]
[deleted]
kcac, pre market is up 10%
NIO crash when?
Is it really though... since when did 'made in china' become a good thing. If you had 68k. Would you buy nio or audi bmw merc vw or tesla. You wouldnt buy nio. So why would the rich chinese.
First missed out on nio, then xpeng then li. I’m so retarded🤡
New thread retards
BS, Europe will open up for Christmas then stay open as they start vaccinating; there are numerous vaccines, and they only have to vaccinate the over 70's to open everything up, no-one else gives a shit.

I'm long on oil, it is a great time to buy oil stocks!

Of course Corona will always be around, but then it has always been around since it evolved as a virus millions of years before humans even existed.

Plus, we've already established that governments can just print they're way out without any consequences
[deleted]
Do you have puts?
New daily thread is up.
Penitentiary numbers
AMD $90 eod
China #1 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
HELLO
Shut up we’re just getting started!
Wait for The NIO dip to go all in
Checkout DKNG.
Well, I can afford to buy the 100 shares but is that better than the strategy you're proposing? I do think it'll be worth $20-30+ but probably not till later next year. Buying long calls lets me sell calls even without actually owning the stock?
I bet you’re all wondering why I’ve called you here today
Today?
Let’s be real... the reason the market rallied last week was not because of a Joe Biden victory, but because of a Mitch McConnell victory in the senate.  A blue wave and Biden victory were totally expected, so there’s no way the market would rally on an expected Biden win; the market rallied because this blue wave didn’t happen and therefore MM is gonna be top dog in the senate.
its ya boy 🥚
Red Friday the 13th
QQQ 290c 12/18
What’s up with the numbers next to the names
You’ll see bub
Someone tell me why shitty trash small caps pumping so hard
Why is weed pumping?
Police departments and public safety departments will be using the software also.
LI XPEV too
If you’re holding options, doesn’t matter what DKNG is doing until earnings come out.
Li!
How often do they reshuffle the S&P?
I see your comments everyday. You’re one of regulars
You’re awfully homophobic for a gay bear.
things are scrolling so fast noone will know NIO that im gay
Why does everyone who writes investing articles seem to be a “contrarian investor”.  For years I’ve seen these people write articles about why Tesla or Amazon is way overvalued and then be completely wrong over and over again.  It is just to get clicks or what?
Nice pants grandpa
Wow
Li is the definition of meme🤡consecutive 20% days wtf
But the baba dip
Hmm?
[deleted]
NIO and PLTR are up BIGLY
Not first
And if you took the advice you’d have made easiest money this week.
I'm homiesexual
[deleted]
also they don't mike nice sounds. They're silent like a creepy ghost car
Totally, my fellow bagholder.
Mods are gay give me flair
What strike
It’s not timing, you’re just shit
There it is
Can’t believe someone told to sell my nio calls when it was crashing.
2nd!
You never forget you're first.
1st

NiO 46c 11/20
Wearing a mask is good and all but no one talks about boosting your immune system or just simply taking care of your body. There’s a reason some people just kick the virus like it was nothing. In other words wear a mast but most importantly don’t be a unhealthy piece of shit.
Build a better mouse trap they said


Get that 🧀🧀🧀 they said
Hindsight 2020
Hardly a moon. I need a better pump than this so I can panic sell right at open like the little girl I am
When will you idiots learn the market doesn’t give a shit about Covid
Why is weed pumping?
Ok then please explain how is Trump going to win if you don't think people know how U.S. elections work.
[deleted]
##Today’s going to be greener than Elon Musks COVID tests.
Anyone else YOLOing a $60 call exp tomorrow on $NIO?
green all around - dow leading
Here comes the fade!
Sounds double gay to me
Well, I sure as shit didn't time it right. Time to sell off as soon as I can and simply see this ride upwards as Chinese control reddit makes sure that all we talk about is their stocks while they're busy pumping this bubble.
me coming to WSB this week like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90zIXRLH04Y
Yeah, I wanna know as well.   


BTW, hi from London - well near Staines actually.
Sounds perfect
EOM I hope
As I packed the bowl half with kief, I thought to myself "I just want to feel something." I'm definitely feeling something rn
😂’forgets 2000 Al Gore vs Bush’
So you are saying the rich elite will survive? CALLS ON EVERYTHING!!
170 next week
Already have money on it. I placed it a week too early though 🤣
Screwed
$20 is $20
Europoor5000
Begone thot
Low volume is a bad sign
Someone kick a mod to open new thread.
For good reason tho
Yes please the loss porn would be pretty nice
Ban
Redditor moment...
 *looks into stranger’s account (totally not creepy) and scrounges for any shred of relativity in order to bring it up*

I can literally care less on what you think of the proud boys, it literally has no grounds on what we are talking about 🤭 but you do you.
‘tips fedora’
When you can’t sleep because ur scared asf of the bulls, gay bears unite
NIU low volume. I wouldn’t put much stock in pm and ah movement if you’re in options. I got shares. And I’ve been jumping in and out of calls the last couple months.
Leave it to the shady gambling company to insider trade earnings, on Friday the 13th.
This is the way
There was a time I had a NIO 1/21/22 $20c. Bought it for $880, then sold it for $1345. So yeah.
Royal Dutch Shell
no way this holds up today at the dawn of the worst outbreak the US has ever seen
Get yourself some AAL Jan 2022 LEAPS. $20 $25 $27 and $30

Be ready for the next vaccine pump, which is coming in 2-4 months.
China companies move like that😂
[deleted]
Models are dope, but they don’t predict when mango man will send the market crashing 😴
Congratul......go fuck your self
He does, and it's easy to predict how the electors are going to vote..
Started to add some trailing stops. 

Got stopped out of my NIO calls though, need lower stops. 💤
[deleted]
Ban
Fuck selling nio covered calls, stop loss at 50 is better
You got me
Too soon? And wrong Asian country...
For us Brits, what broker can I use to trade options on individual companies?

Currently I use IG and spread bet on 'options' but they are restricted to indices and commodities.

I want to lose monies on companies too.
How's the futures looking?
[deleted]
I saw it kill red
ok
[removed]
I'm selling my shitty pltr that I was memed into buying
Tiktok is for the cool kids that oop. Tsktsktsktsk. 

Wait, are vsco girls still around? I haven’t heard any ooping or seen any scrunching lately
LI Auto? 

Who the fuck is Li and is he brothers with Xi
Yeah indeed a virgin-for-life ride
[removed]
Earnings on 17th
With this bubble mentality we got here this shit could happen lol
Im shorting oil itself. But Im open to suggestions on which oil company to short.
Where can I buy NIO whisky
So how many lambos can you guys afford now? I think Im getting a dark blue one next week 😎
The kind of bank loans money to Donny
So 0dte spy calls at open? Thinking about tossing 25k in
[deleted]
I saved The tweet by NIO about being the 6th biggest car company. Just in case
So is this another fake BABA pump
Them they are lol when is the report?
SPY sus. Saw it vent
honestly, JKS is like a triple leveraged solar ETF
Buying puts? Amateurs. Sell calls
We are fucked
This. These tests have false negatives but rarely false positives. Someone who doesn’t have it would test four times with no positives. Someone who does will test four times with some positives.
I know it's never a good idea to hold through earnings but damn it's frustrating to see it moon after the fact. See FTCH
What you can do if you think it’s gonna soar but have a small account is to buy LEAPS and concurrently sell weekly calls. Let’s say you have faith in PLTR hitting 30ish next year you can buy a 2021 dec call with strike of 30. And every week sell weeklies of say maybe for this week sell a call with 17 strike price? That way you benefit both from the stock movement and some premiums along the way.

This is a poor man’s covered call if you’re interested in reading more about it
[deleted]
Timbeeeeeeeeer
Lol ur late in a day🤦🏻‍♂️
bit far fetched but never know
Ban
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol dude your last post was on r/proudboys. I think that says something about you.....
Stay far away from Chinese stocks that have ANY connection to the military. Due to Trump’s most recent signing I can see many of those, even not listed dropping.
Last time I checked Trevor wasn’t Asian
Shit
Exercise them!
DKNG mooning
But it is a bubble it’s just the matter of timing it perfectly lol
When's SPY gonna dip like a bitch you just know it's gonna happen before open
As long as they can remain the king, avoid huge setbacks like BA and their 737 max, and continue to advance their battery technology they'll hit 1-2T market cap eventually. Very speculative though.

I personally always sketch out going long, because I can just imagine all the possible things that can go wrong. Mainly the AI driving having mass malfunctions and class action lawsuits.
The europoors actually pumped the the sp500 up smh a flat week
Thanks! Wish I could take the credit. My friend bought back in April and I piggybacked his decision a few months later.
Bruh it’s going to $200+ eventually, don’t miss out
It is
Are you feeling it, Mr. Krabs?
Y’all think $FSR hits $20 by next week?
Put money on that bet and you’ll make money from it.
Mandating EVs would be mandating vehicles most Chinese cannot afford. NIO is likely to crash and wipe out a lot of people on this sub.
why wouldn’t you take your tendies and go right back in for more
Record numbers... they have sold around 20000 vehicles.. my irish nan sold more tractors than that to the gypsies in the 60's. 

I agree there is potential, but thats it. 

Also, dont forget. The chinese companies can lie about revenue and sales to foreigners and it is not a crime!!!!!!! 
Be cautious - make money
PLTR boomer long term hold gay bull gang checking in. GME gang bent me over hard, but so far (last 24 hours) PLTR gang is welcoming me with open arms and tendies.

Holding this shit till $100 a share or until next gang train convinces me otherwise (aka holding for either a week or years)
Always hedge with NIO
I dont know why of all things I decided to be gay yesterday.
This is fucking retarded. I'm all cash except for one SPX put for Feb but thinking of taking that off even.
LMFAO using China as an example of success. Peak Reddit moment.
Dafuq did I just read.
No. Im straight
It’s not that far off from 24-48hrs.  They set their ipo to take most of the hit this quarter, next quarter they will SLAY.  Get in now before it’s too late!
Are NIO earnings today as well?

As in did I miss their earnings...
My NIO calls gonna save my dumb ass for buying puts yesterday
No. You are.  Tesla has been selling cars for the last decade
Get a load of smooth brain over here.
Damn no kidding all people comment about is nio these days
Yes, yes, just a little farther(further?), DKNG...
NIO already up to 51 PM. Boy, it would be super bad if anyone currently was a bear about the Chinese market being a bubble. Like me.
Illusion. Just ignore it.
Earnings were yesterday?
Convert and be jewish, than go to a jew and you will pay $0 taxes.
New strikes released on XPEV. How long until they are all ITM again?
No, they teach to go to r/wallstreetbets
Fuck off, bot
I’m still patiently waiting
I wouldn't pay attention to any tik tok news, at this point it's just hot air. FSLY is just grossly undervalued imo
Okay buddy I’m literally not trying to pursuance anyone, I’m just trying to give you some rational thoughts. But I see a redditor saying “Trumpets” quite literally is as dumb as a rock. So I think I’ll see my way out. 😙
If not taken the time to sell, you would have walked out a few min earlier and got hit by an Oscar Meyer wiener truck
Got it. It's not letting me sell calls because I don't have 100 shares though.
TSLA confirmed boomer stock
check your personal risk tolerance
Sold Nio options at 47 like a retard.. I wanna get back in but I’m thinking after earnings right? The ivs gonna drop too much for options. Or what do you think? Def keeping my stocks
[deleted]
NIO is supposed to be the best performing out of all 3 EVs I think, so everything is I guess running up cuz the other EVs have reported great earnings. As long as NIO can come thru and deliver, I expect this squeeze to continue
Im thinking of grabbing a single otm put 🤡
[deleted]
who knows. … 390 … 450 .. 420 …. anybodys guess
Very nice, very impressive, I think I love you....
Oh and ps, I hate you.
What side bar?
Might as well go into the FSR fomo at this point and ride it up, its american and still not insanely overbought?
If all girls had cocks would u let them put it in your bootyhole?
I feel sorry for those people that rotated into Airlines and Malls lmao

This is coming from a clown GME holder.
LKNCY

If you're looking for a deep dickin'
And if it does he's old anyway
By who?  The garbage man?
Other news besides earnings, I think. Not sure how far people want to price in the future but IMO it’s priced in for a while. Could be wrong though.
green by open
So the Chinese SUV market is where the moneys at! 

Anybody going big on Disney today? I think Covid and their amusement parks might have be a considerable loss for them tbh
For All of us😂
Sold NIO yesterday at 48 🤡🤡🤡
NIO sold 12,500 cars last quarter.  Chart looks a little vertigo-ish.  The only thing I can think of is it’s pricing in the future when China mandates everyone buy electric cars?  Or Autists are running up another Htz.
390 by EOD?
Hell yes, Xpev, Li, even FSR will do.
1) The states necessary for 270+ elec votes have already been called by all major news networks.
2) those lawsuits are bullshit. 
3) if you really think trump might win go ahead and put money on him on PredictIt. I’ve already made a ton of money off you trumpets.
This.
No options
Try to ignore the fact he said the word "Bogus"
Boomer stock
Imagine being a permabear
Weedstocks back on the menu boys !
[deleted]
[deleted]
Especially there's this covid tweet just now.
It will hold its value. The guys they hold don’t go bankrupt
consolidating after a wild year ..... could sit rangebound for a lot longer.... no fun here
I wouldn't.  Just if a girl had it.  Like all humans equal but girl
So we're due
PLTR 25 BY EOW!!
You're fine you still have a whole week
Yes
Damn BA with that bear trap yesterday
Anyone in NIU? 

Up 13% PM
Well this is consistent with what we have seen with the antigen test it is right 50% of the time
TRUST IN $BABA, 300 EOM
*Stonks*
Which oil company are you shorting? There are talks of  heavy lockdown in January/February in Europe
Wouldn’t have had the balls to go in that bigly into pennys
[deleted]
TIL
Green is Green
Buy $60C 11/27. Cheaper than $55C and if it is $55 before earnings you can sell some for profit and hold the others to see if it keeps mooning when they beat earnings. Less likely to get IV crushed too
We will use Elon’s blood to create the vaccine. He really is everyone’s Papa.
It exists
Waste Management
No.
Oofff
Yesterday it was up even more in pre market and got us nowhere :/
First of all, you gave me an aneurysm.
 
 
 
Secondly, I think I can piece together your response. And to that I say, learn how U.S. elections work (especially the part about the whole Electoral College stuff) and also look into the lawsuits taking place(and their legitimacy).
Thoughts on TSLA?
Is it up? Only looks 3% to me
we cant cuss on the internet anymore?
We need to earn money once in a while or else we won't have anything to lose besides our anal virginities.
OK buy 2
It’s not even up 1%
Nice!!  So many decisions to make with those but such a long time to decide.  Great calls!!!!
And negative retard
You guys crack me up...earnings is the funniest part of my day
Hi little bitch boy I bought $2000 at $36 I will be selling at 9.15 am
What a non gay way of saying you'd rather suck a dick
Good for thetagang
I know what you are saying.
Is this for real? This market makes sense...
Same goes to Apple lol
It’s only fake when you lose
Don’t worry some JP Morgan “economist” has just declared Europe will be open by Christmas. Happily shit sprouted by CNBC. Delusional.
PLTR arranging a bear funeral today
🗣🗣🗣
best DD
Grow up and learn to master it
[deleted]
Well if you think it’s gonna soar you should buy shares. But if you think it’s gonna trade sideways / slow climb I reckon selling weeklies will net you more imo
Sell calls not puts
Good job getting back up there. Hopefully some risk management can prevent the next one.
Nio shares.
You don't do it for you, you do it for them 🤦🏻‍♂️
Bought U and PLTR EOD yesterday and they were both -5% PM, looking to open green now
Long WM
I don’t think you know how U.S. elections work ☹️
Agree. 

  
Not to mention the vaccine has to be maintained at [\-94degsF](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-vaccines-pfizer-as/how-pfizer-vaccine-could-be-cold-comfort-for-some-asian-nations-idUSKBN27Q1G1) (compared to the flu +40degsF), has a short shelf life and will mainly be given out to doctors/nurses front liners, and of course politicians, and the rich elite.
Not unless you’re also Asian. They won’t stick their necks out because it’s too risky for them. Go to an Indian, Jewish, or Southern white boy if you wanna scam
I'll never eat out a girl. It's just yucky. Vaginas kind of gross lol. Like a penis is physically appealing to the eye and well shaped and feels good lol. Like I'm straight, but I like 🅿️🅿️ better if girls would have one Haha you guys know what I'm saying?
Creative cut with tren and dianabol
Calls on tren dianabol
Selling shares to jump to another stock feels like switching lanes on the road. You always end up in a slower lane
I don't know what knowledge you expect to glean from here at 5:45am but ask a question or bounce an opinion and I'll give it a shot. Been digging into MRO filings lately.
Or because they all bought the Canadian companies, thinking that American legalization some how impacted them. The LP's are trash. The robihood/webull, hedge funds dont have access to the MSO's on the OTC, so they trade slower, but keep increasing.
Good call
I'm gonna play them lol
I've been thinking since $62 🤬 

But the run up over the tiktok news is a little odd if they don't even support tiktok any longer. Unless im a bigger dumbass that I thought and they do.
Stocks only go up.
No
 😤
[deleted]
If I want to get into PLTR...is my best option to sell puts close to expiration to collect a premium that will l either lower my cost basis or increase my buying power for more shares?
My BABA calls might have a nice day after all
Preach.
Mate don’t be salty just buy 1 call and join in on the fun
Ev bringing up Dow?
So were PLTR earnings good or no?
The or statement presupposes the election hasn’t been decided yet..... it has been.
GERMAN GOVT SPOKESMAN SAYS WE CANNOT TALK ABOUT A TURNAROUND IN CORONAVIRUS INFECTIONS YET, NO EASING OF RESTRICTIONS POSSIBLE

FRANCE INTENDS TO DELAY ITS MARCH 2021 REGIONAL ELECTIONS BY THREE MONTHS DUE TO PANDEMIC – PRIME MINISTER'S OFFICE
puts it is
They dont even understand the concept of saving money, investing is at the top of the money maslows hierarchy
[removed]
gd luck with that
This is why you aren’t OP 😂
Not really they don't have options (yet).
ThinkOrSwim but there are folks with a lot more money than me on RH.
$FSR calling everybody to join the party
Bruh when tf do I sell Calls about to be up like crazy ,I bought a put that’s  about to be worthless eod 💀
Or just flat for a while
Yes. Literally can't go tits up
Mods need to ban what ifs
Pyramid brother 🤝
I'm thinking about it
Why are people homeless? Like just go buy NIO calls and buy a house?
Yea i called this a while back. thanks to them everyone else knows the demand. Tesla has since got goofy with tequila and shorts and goofy truck designs.
[deleted]
Ok well the first condition you set already didn’t happen.
I want to say I hate nio but really I hate myself for losing faith
LI is up 20% 2 days in a row...Imagine buying the furthest call option expiring today
I have no hat in the NIO game, but I honestly can't wait for it to crash just so I can stop reading these fucking posts about it
That’s exactly what she said bro
There's a FAQ in the side bar.
[deleted]
Antigen test means he has antibodies, might have had it already
It could momo to 53-54 today then I see a strong rejection potentially back to the mid 30's. Be careful!
This.  All of it.  The global conspiracy has me disgusted too.
Ban
Same here bro 😂😂 grabbed a bunch of January calls and hoping this shit goes down soon. If all else fails I have a few hundred shares but fuck I’m down over 60% since I sold everything and went all in this squeeze. Seeing this man still in gives me hope
Who cares.

Next time, for your first post, read the posting guidelines for the sub.
[removed]
60 EOD
I don’t think you read my comment😕
so i should YOLO my grandpas entire savings into it ? he’s a boomer so i had to convince him i’d use it on oil or some stupid shit like that
ouch yah Li Auto looks like it still has more room to run and will open up higher tomorrow too. Not sure on Nio though in terms of holding into earnings
Anyone want a link?
Sir, you're drunk. Go home.
Probably nwxt
Seems tsla is being dropped in favor of nio xpev li. Might dump my tsla shares
The fuck are you on about?
What about an asian guy?
what the hell is this post?

Positions or ban
DD: VIX futures are almost at the low since the February crash.

I refuse to believe that it can realistically get that low with all the world events going on, therefore SPY will have to crash to prop up VIX.

ezpz
Let it go, Trump lost.
Lifetime ban.
Boomer stock
Why the fuck is AAL up now? I was told it was worthless?
 LI,NIO and XPEV all 3 are taking extra scoops of creatine. Only reasonable explanation
55eod Monday 60
Pretty good chance it reaches 60 today
[deleted]
[removed]
Hi im calling to speak to a Jack Ma
Is it CFD stuff?
Guess I'm fair weather gold gang but I know an overreaction when I see one. I'm bullish back up to perhaps $1,920, but I'm monitoring the gold situation closely. I'm good at fundamentals but awful at general perception. I see the obvious retracement from the vaccine news but there's obviously going to be a second vaccine news rally, but I'm god awful at trying to figure out if gold will retrace back to $1,900 before the next good news re-rotates everything again.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Foofboss the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good enough for me.  All in.
chances of $NIO hitting 60 by earnings ?
 The first thing they teach you in basic investing course is to buy NIO calls
Going to feel that one out today while at work. Then get done just in time for power hour and decision making process begins.
FSR tho
I really wonder if Tesla’s rocket ship days are behind it.  I think it will still do well as an industry leader but the entire car industry and a myriad of startups are all getting into the EV space now.
you've never seen huge price movements at 925 going into 930? and really its about a $2 price move, for NIO that's a blink of an eye

it was a hypothetical. apparently you have no plan if that happens.
your webcam
I just sold... maybe i bottled it. Maybe i was too much of a pussy to hold my gains. 

Time will tell. Being realistic, i think where it is at now it shouldnt go any higher. They have potential, but thats all it is. It makes no sense to keep climbing until further news comes out.
Whos THEY???
[deleted]
Is XLE dead or is it still a value play even if a few companies in it go bankrupt?
I dont get why poor people are poor? Just buy NIO calls and be rich....
Lol, what did I say that was controversial? Prof.SuitGuy111 stfu you’re autistic
 Shattered dreams selloff today.
where did you find my picture
They gonna place wsb sticker on it lol
It really is. people are waiting for another dip LOL...it might dip but it will be higher than premarket is. get in now. its only gonna go up after earnings next week. gonna fucking MOON after earnings like XPEV.

Im a stock prophet btw.
E-Lin Musk
Yes they killed it
The reason would be that it could go down.

If trading were as easy as "its been going up so it will continue going up," we'd all be billionaires.
PUTS ON TSLA ELON HAS COVID

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472
Fuck lol what the fuck is going with the ev bubble? It was nice to play with at the beginning but those three Chinese car companies worth more then our big three now 😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Mazel on your toilet hands.
In the business of printing money
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/throwawayprivate33 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ok Dr. Bo55_Babie, I will trust your word instead of a world expert.
BABA I choose you! Now get the fuck outta here and make me some money.
I like boobies
Visit a NBA doctor and kill 2 birds with one stone yo.
If trading were that simple, we'd all be billionaires.
Bruh you spelled XPEV wrong. Silly Goose
Any reason not to buy nio at open? If we just keep buying, it's gonna continue going up.
Is moderna a sell yet
yup
NIO bouta be worth more than mercedes, no big deal
Maybe an unpopular opinion here,  but I wish corona never happened 😕
do you think TayTay would fuck for a billy?
[deleted]
Again, the guy predicted that the virus will become a pandemic back in january when everyone disregarded it. He is a leading expert in this topic in the world. Also, its not like he had any say in what the US should do.


That doesnt change my point, the pandemic will get even worse from this point while investors think its going to end soon. Tldr: short oil
nah, i dont play meme stocks.

might lose out on some braindead gains in the short term, but makes you a far more profitable trader longterm. 

One of these days NIO is gonna drop 15-30% overnight, and it will literally bankrupt half this sub.
 What if the real stimulus were the NIO calls we bought along the way?
Dr. Bullshit. Fuck what he thinks. JPow is the leading expert on covid. Now go fuck yourself.
It’s kinda a mix bag right now, can go either way which has been the case, up down up down
[futures lookin good](https://i.imgur.com/ROObL2G.jpg)
LI has absolutely ZERO chill
Trading 212 maybe?
if theres a dip it will be quick. and then moon back up.. i dont see it going below 46 at the very lowest if tomorrow ends up being red.
Have you seen SOLO’s EV?   Ya I didn’t think you’d buy it either.  Staying away from this one.  

https://spectrumnews1.com/ca/la-west/transportation/2020/10/13/solo-single-seat-electric-vehicle-hits-the-streets-in-la
Then you can go up on her
I know this is a Chinese EV sub and all but someone tell me what time is DKNG earnings report being released plz
that yer gna 69 Su?
I am rockhard.
That’s what they want you to think. 

Or not. 

I have serious fomo.
Take 10 mg of melatonin, sleep like a bb
Jack Ma is getting fucked.

Online Shopping is getting scrutinized due to lack of sales in mall and hurting Chinese real estate.

yada yada

&#x200B;

Don't fuck with PAPA Xi.
#🍆📈
By the end of 2021 we should be running smoothly. Mark my words. As long as Trump wins the election or Biden’s COVID response doesn’t to set a Mandatory Lockdown.
Corsair is to be aligned with Asus. Asus trades for $270 a share in Japan. Well be there much sooner. 
Position sold $30 puts 2 weeks ago that's how confident I am in Corsair. Also tons of shares and $30c gotta stock up more
You’re in the right place then.
not even close. The max pain points for 11/13/20 are :

QQQ 288

SPY 352

NIO 39

so if the MM's are trying to screw as many ppl as possible those are the numbers they want to hit. So unless its the biggest bulltrap of 2020 at open. Futes dont make much sense for your theory
Me 2 weeks later trying to explain how I lost our house deposit: I’m going to to be honest, I’m kind of retarded
Recession is over 

We headed to new ATH
NIO $60 eod let's goooo
This. The only reason for the boom was a positive earnings report. NIO has been positive the past 3-4 earnings. I think at this point the best indicator to judge NIO's growth is to compare it to other Chinese EV stocks and not compare it to your normal American blue chip stocks like Apple for example.
I'm sure there's at least one guy in your town that will pay for it
Without doing anything. I would take that any day of the week
Lol look at solo 😂😂
He bought 100 shares, he basically bought an infinite expiration $0 strike call.
Thanks
its the point where the MM's make the most from call/put options expiring worthless. Its like vegas, the sweet spot for the casino.
XPENG didn’t sell off after earnings why would LI and NIO
They have no target still
As long as there are enough puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
That’s because they are retarded regardless.
"Oh, that was nasty" in Cleveland's voice.
Reverse psychology tomorrow must be great
Why am I such a dumbass? I watched FSLY go from $70 to $120 back to $70 up to $135 back to $60 and still didn't buy. Now they are $80 premarket. 

Do I jump on it even after losing tiktok?
Up 2500%
yea but today it would mean breaking out of the wedge thingie,, should move up after
So short shares?
How deep are you in China EV? You've been around the block
The options have more spread than my wife's legs when she is with her boyfriend.
Retards and traders same words so..
At this point I crush on puts us hurting more than the Delta

Kinda forcing me to diamond hand on them
me
Never doubt poppa Elon. He’s tellin us when to place our puts and calls. Two weeks from that post Tesla goin down. Two weeks after goin up. Sec got nothin on musk.
I'll wait and see 1 hour after open how it moves
.mm idk I can barely remember what I did an hour ago
Its almost like he's trying to lose money... How retarded do you have to be to still be gomding this pump and dump stock?
Firstly I think you should focus on health experts in other countries where they handled the virus properly, not the US.

Secondly, wear a mask.
Name him NIOc 1/15/21
[removed]
Sel
So...MMs trying to say fook u to the sharp increase in the puts yday from the day before in premkt a right now (big spike in index puts yday but calls on equity is still heavily bullish)... we’ll see how much more and longer they can keep these futures pumping there’s still a lot of time left before cash
Yeah, it was an early adult anime to break through to America. It oozes style and the story def holds up. It has a good dub even.
I hope so..
I dont get why premarket be high as sht to only fade later in the day like yesterday. I rather it gradually go up throughout the day 😩
Imagine not buying calls for Friday the 13th in 2020
Sir, this is a casino.
[deleted]
What is PSTH a spac for?
[removed]
[removed]
They will beat earnings, they've delivered record numbers, might be a sell the news situation
I'm naming my first son NIO
[deleted]
APPS might be a good buy right now
Make money on NIO to buy a tesla

USA USA 🦅🦅🦅
[deleted]
100+
He doesn't fucking feed us.
True but what spurted all this domino growth was the good news from XPEV earnings. i only imagine it would be the same with NIO come earnings. You gotta judge Chinese EV against other Chinese EV's you cant compare it to a normal stock😅
I bought at $2.50 sold at $7 imagine how I feel, oh well I secured my profits.
Happy birthday
I'm thinking $55C 11/20 or $60C 11/27
I believe that just like XPEV it will blow earnings out of the water and if thats the cause it will be smooth sailing to 100
Bad news for them with the new Apple chip 
The best chip in the world
And gay?
I bet we fade all day back down to 352
Imagine how they feel watching that
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
EV bubble will explode...

just not any time soon you fucking loser get in we got 3 different kinds of coke and 4 different kind of hookers!!!
This is WSB we absolutely NEVER do the math.
I thought sexism was mandatory to join
only up about 1000% YTD so at least 9000% more
weren’t futures this high yesterday at this time?
Pltr gonna be 17 today
I'm way too overpositioned on RIDE. I was a sadboi being stuck at home tonight and realized Cleveland might lose some productive capacity too, so now I'm sweating Ohio stonks in general
Only my wife's boyfriend's sister calls me that
Wphwhhwhw whwwpw whwhwwpwps stsstststs wphshshs yiiiiii wpppshshs whphsss 🐢
we gave him 2 months . stock price been trading like a bitch.
Anyone holding xpeng?
DKNG earnings leak or what
Second mortgage? Try second credit card loan to pay for gas to get to work behind the Wendy’s
[removed]
And he digs the best holes
Nio operates in Chyna, fuck i care about another lockdown 😤
SLEEP
I can't tell the autism from the dd anymore
Wait a bit and get calls. Recover financially, of course, but it would drag on my mental state if everything plummeted.
60c for nio
Yeah I’m this close to buying more NIO calls right now but also think it will dip a bit at open when a lot of people sell. Regardless of what I do, buy now or wait, the opposite will happen.
[deleted]
No
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO Sold at 44 like an idiot currently crying

**URL:** https://redd.it/jten00
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jten00) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/shazimmahbe, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Thebush121
abick92
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
We doing 11/20 or 11/27 calls EOD to catch ER hype? I think 11/27 gives more room to hold up to right before earnings and you can keep some open to see if it keeps mooning when they beat it
Endlesss
Y’all a bunch of retards
$69, were still 35% undervalued
hell.. if it drops to 2900, im buying a share. made enough profits from NIO
[deleted]
[deleted]
So 50% chance he has it (2/4)
5-7 years? Jesus. Anything longer than a stripper's median career length is too long. I'm trying to make that 24 hour tendies.
What's the play for NIO / LI / PLTR. Looking at 55C for Nio, 40C for LI and 17C for PLTR all expiring 11/20. Am I an autist or a retard?
Don’t get my hopes up like that 🏳️‍🌈 (no pics 🏳️‍🌈 🐻)
I CANT SLEEP
add kndi to the list . fuck it
DEPENDs How retarded these guys are to buy weeklies.
winker is playing the cock market this morning
rip my SPY 0dte puts. Fake ass market
Retarded
Cant fucking wait for moon mission countdown. Fkn od myself before. SEND LUDES
🧠
Well I sold yesterday. I went in on Tuesday when it was at 355. So i got some massive returns. But, you are right so I went back in.:)
Hmmm... Why do I have a weird feeling? I feel like everything is TOO green pm...almost as if it's a trap.
Flair "sucks commie balls"
We goin back in errrrrwhat?! I’m getting tired of waiting for a dip 😂
NIO opening @ 52
Lol people who have decent capital and/or 6 figure salaries invest in ETFs because their 5% annual gains on their 200k+ portfolio the same as your 50% gain on your measly 20k portfolio.
LETSGOOOOO NON BOOMER COVID STONKS
DIS on the rise: never fuck with the mouse!
the stock market is the vaccine
Nio earnings next week. Safe to hold over the weekend
Nio, Li, ZM . Gonna all print bigly.   


Diamond hands on Nio and Li.
[deleted]
Hey just wanted to say one of your pro-gold comments you made earlier this week tipped the scales on me going in and making about a 20% return on GLD calls the past 3 days. Gotta give credit where it's due. I'm out now but I'm still closely monitoring the sector lol.
Calls on sale
Yeah I did something similar
The fuckin’ dogs or the deer?!
mfs selling tesla to buy nio
Godspeed Brother
[deleted]
Wow just checked your post history. You are actually a hot guy lol. Cute body too. Pm me if you want 💁🏼‍♀️
I like turtles
All in good fun 😂
[deleted]
Got a bunch of LI for 27 bucks a share yesterday.

Holy shit lol
If a transgender trader buys NIO puts they are
Imagine making this post in a week but change the "sold at $42" to "didn't buy at $50".... There is your answer. This place is a casino, YOLO it!
[deleted]
Both
Cock is ready, moms spagheddy.
What about zoom?
PLTR LETS GO
Was also thinking of swing trading this
He took our tendies and our hunny mussy
It only has so much steam. It corrected hard on Monday. I can see a -10-15% swing at some point next week. Maybe it will last a day past earnings, but it will happen. Just don't get IV crushed
If you’re on this sub and sexism is the most important thing that is worrying you then you’re obviously not fucking trading.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I like girls
They can’t compete with the black market so there isn’t money in legal drugs
amzn didnt really move since july. i hope you have stocks and not options. just wait for the quants/risk parity to get in the game when vol is low enough again.
 What do you think of 330c 04/16/21? Might get 50 of those at open tomorrow.
WHY DIDNT I HOLD ONTO MY LI CALLS WTF MY DELICATE PAPER HANDS 📄🖐
been saying for months: stonks are clearly positive correlated with rising case numbers. this virus has been the best thing for markets ever thanks to jpow
Zoooom baby lets go
It’s fuuuuuuuk you darn euro poor
Bruh NIO is at 50 premarket and still going up
I believe it might drop soon to much hype around it but I did buy low 😅
Wait for it
Fuck that bro if the dogs got a problem they should be able to settle that shit like men
I genuinely don’t understand why people don’t think women can trade. I’ve been playing fantasy football for 7 year, put multiple hours a week into research, etc. This girl I’m talking to just started playing this year and chooses players by “how hot they are.” She has a better record in her league than I do in mine. When these people are up, they act like it’s cause they’re smart or some shit and not just retardedly gambling like the rest of us
Every not so retarded autist wsber, yes.

We are 15% hedged in puts or more
Ofc I wish him well but it would be the best thing that could happen to tesla's shareholders. Having the myth of this famous guy as their founder, without him actually doing stupid shit every 24 hours.
I sold all 30 (small amount I know) of my shares at 48 to lock in my 45 percent profit in case it dipped Today
solo is the new nio
[deleted]
Why though, some dogs like to fight. Most of the cruelty is from it being illegal. If two healthy alpha dogs see each other and want to fight, is wrong????   What about two male buck deer going at it?
Profit is profit my dude
Found the incel.
At least you didn’t lose anything man. Can always get back in.
I see no problem here
[deleted]
JD call holders, are you guys holding through earnings or selling today?
He has two positive tests and he has symptoms, let’s do the math together
Award.
Too! December 100$ calls! Hang in there bro
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** To all of you that profited from $NIO

**URL:** https://redd.it/jteili
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jteili) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/bumperdumper369, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Thebush121
abick92
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
SPY and QQQ blood green

Lockdowns bullish AF
CPA ain’t gonna do shit in this case
Bought nio at 16$ and sold at 18$. I love my life
We’ve got time homie. We can buy tomorrow and still get a little taste.
Wait you said -15% yday. Im willing to bet any amount that tomorrow we aint getting -10%.
No, he doesn't.
Well...he said he has symptoms but didn't say he had Covid.
The symptoms aren't unique to Covid. 

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327127056119902210?s=19
😁
Are you really surprised?
[deleted]
I would rotate into NIO, earnings next week. Li is drying up.
Probably an unpopular opinion here,  but I think dog fighting should be illegal 😔
Guys apparently I shit myself in my sleep last night and the turf is emitting light. Should I visit a doctor or try to sign a 10 day contract with an NBA team?
True true but what if the call ended up being a 20 bagger lol then can I be mad? 🤡
[removed]
This sub is also a breeding ground for trolls. You cant take it seriously lol
Massive bull trap for anyone buying 1. Weed stocks 2. Stonks impacted by corona. Nice fade of that obscure pop on rona pump by physer
Thoughts on CCL today? Even with a seemingly strong green start anyone else think this will dump more today? They found covid on passengers on the first cruise ship back to the Caribbean, they closed at 14.93 yesterday which is a little over a dollar more than it closed last week and to me doesn’t have a great outlook with covid numbers spiking, lockdown talks and tech ripping. It is trading in premature at 15.50ish about 4 percent higher than close yesterday. I have puts I got yesterday, maybe I should cash out at open? Break even is 14.92
I mean, you can just sell to make a spread (one ticker out) thats what I did to “day trade” some puts
this is the he-man woman hater’s club
AMD, new consoles with AMD CPU, Gaming during pandemic is HOT. New GPU, Lisa fucking Su, huge support at $78, Even post Covid 19 corporate offices love buying AMD hardware for company desktops, cheap and powerful!
And ‘Cors’ is like ‘of course’ - will you buy the stock? Of Course!
Thanks dude! Looks good this AM. I should’ve held onto 1 more call but like you said I made money already so the rest is fun.
They can go to 1 trillion market cap easily.
I googled it and i get some weird results.
Size matters !   Somethings a 20 year old hasn’t quite learned yet !!
What's the big deal bout losing shares? You can just buy more if they get called away, assuming you have the cash.
You wouldn't have bought it, when they were under $2 they were at risk of bankruptcy, the orange was berating China, Luckin Coffee just got delisted, and you would have had the whole sub calling you a retard for touching it.
haha 😐
u dont think theres gonna be another feedback loop next thurs? imagine when nio surpasses earnings, like they did the past 3-4 times. thats just gonna give another boom to LI and XPEV
I'm just saying, if someone here has a plan, my schedule's very free
If NIO opens red. Will you buy or sell? Might want to have that conversation with yourself now so you are ready.

I am morbidly curious what would happen to this sub if it hits its MaxPain point of 39. 

Be honest, could you financially recover from it?
It’s emitting light. Should I go to the doctor?
Since when????
EOD today
Product is solid. Guess it’s their year end guidance
[removed]
ARM SOC chip in a laptop is revolutionary, too bad the fuck faces on wallstreet doesn't understand anything other than slim bezels and shiny new trinkets.
[deleted]
Imagine....
If you don't have NIO , LI, or XPEV in your portfolio you're just gambling.
Yes but nothing to write home about
This is why you buy 11/20 or 11/27 calls at EOD today and then Jan 15 calls a little after earnings to see if there's a correction
[deleted]
[deleted]
This sub is sexist as fuck
Imagine selling NIO on yesterday dip
Waking up and seeing tech go uppies -> \\:D/  
Then looking at my TSLA 420 calls expiring today -> :'(
Perfect so I’m resistant to covid!!
Never heard that but ok boss
wtf AMAZON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NQ is ripping higher and you decide to just sit there
Did you make money?
Today
That is trade republic ( german broker)
its climate change dumbass
Today if you like money
;)
It's almost double the 50-day rolling average. Up 2500% this year...Idk man, the 3 EV stocks have been a feedback loop off of each other's earnings and general hype but it has to pull back hard soon. It will run back up by January because they have NIO Day on the 9th. I'll probably buy a few weeklies for the earnings hype/dump but then I'm buying shares and picking up OTM Jan 15 calls
Cry and use your tears as lube.

And then buy back in on the dip. I sold 1000 shares at $4 along with some 11/20 and 11/27 calls that are heavy ITM. I bought back in at $46, so fuck my fucking life.
Does the company have major issues or why is the stock so (comparatively) cheap?
Now I know you guys are excited about the EV train today, I know I am, but today is Friday, ya cant exclude the fact that there might be a selloff for those that dont want to hold over the weekend.
I'm saying the same. It might crash from here. When the market open, it's a 50/50 chance green or red. Man let it be red haha asking for a friend.
And the ceiling
-10% tmrw
But how???? How is this possible??
It's only a problem if you didn't buy into it
Please shut up
I want to buy more NIO! Should I buy today or on Monday ?
?
[removed]
It goes up.. then goes down.. goes up... goes down. Every time I'm about to give up on it it goes up again.
[deleted]
Go balls deep into Revlon
It’s everywhere. All over the wall too
[deleted]
You just passed 100k. Congrats!! Hope ths is in a TFSA fam
No room! It’s not called a Duo. Solo - for those who like to fly solo.
Lmao zoomer
idk man your mom trades her pussy all the time
Possibly. With this stock, if you don't want to risk losing the shares don't sell a covered call.
[deleted]
Battletoads if you know the reference
Like the people over here say. The first one is always free.
[deleted]
Worked like a charm
[deleted]
Haha yep. You do not want to be a bag holder with this stock, just for the sheer embarrassment of what they actually sell.
heres my NIO prediction: 55 by Earnings, dip to 48 at lowest. Then moons back up from there. you might as well buy at 50 right now if you arent a brainlet.. NIO has been doing this pattern all month

also, i am being very conservative. with this boom so far from yesterday and this premarket dont be surprised if its 60 at Earnings at this rate.. then the dip would be low 50's at best...
But guys, is it still interessting to buy it now at this price ?
Happy Cake Day coastalsfc! The only dare you ever want to take is the dare to be all that you can be.
I have 10 Amzn 3200c 11/13 should I wait for 15 mins after open and sell?
Man we really moved on from Elon damn quickly lol
Yes, im buying calls there lol
Haha. How’d that go for ya?
40c?
Everyones dick will be at Shreks level.
Looks like LI pulled a XPEV
heres my prediction: 55 by Earnings, dip to 48 at lowest. Then moons back up from there. you might as well buy at 50 right now if you arent a brainlet.. NIO has been doing this pattern all month

also, i am being very conservative. with this boom, dont be surprised if its 60 at Earnings at this rate.. then the dip would be low 50's at best...
the Fed doesn’t create Treasuries, the government does.  the Fed buys and sells treasuries however.
More than half this subs portfolio is in the negative nice try you autist lol
[deleted]
I'm this close to picking up NIO lottos
Dude. You believe in it so much, but you didn’t buy a single option call?!?! 


If just one of your positions was a call, you would be nearing a million+
Puts on this guy's asshole
[removed]
He is
Bruh go clean that shit up
what happened to jack
JPOW’s powerless at this point without congress ordering more stimulus OR going negative on rates OR banks suddenly deciding that unemployed people are fantastic credit risks and giving more loans out which they aren’t doing OR the world creating a new financial system of cashless dystopian society run by bureautechnocrats like Klaus Dr Evil Schwab at World Exonomic Forum.

When rates were 8 or 6 or 5%, sure the Fed could kickstart the economy by juicing rates lower.  But now they are at 0. 

Which is why every day on CNBC you see another Fed president or lackey trotting out there begging for more stimulus, basically saying we’ve done what we can monetarily but pls pls pls we need more govt fiscal stimulus
Do u think there’s any chance of NIO hitting $65 by next Friday? I wanna sell some covered calls but don’t wanna lose my shares
Yeah, but there's one thing that matters most for Americans besides money and that's convenience.
If shorting it at 9 50 Friday 13th today with all in. Only  going for 30-60% in 5 days though.
[deleted]
Second puberty was rough on that boy
Calls
what lotto tickets yall buying for mondays festivities after weekend drama
Wtf is a carbon copy
Exactly noone can predict the future, what ifs just bring you down
When he posted the porsche I tought he made like 500k, and the porsche is his spoil gift at ~80k. This man made 50k and spent all his money to buy a porsche. Truly an autist.
are u trans?
[deleted]
Gggggggg unit! lol
If you ever feel like rope just remember someone tried to short NIO
[deleted]
Are you stupid
I think there will be.
Guys I just woke up to shit in my drawers
You know that...it will actually tank today on the 13th right? Classic. Waiting to short this thing since a week now. Finally yesterday it overextrnded enought for me to short for a week.
How's that gender studies degree working out?
$AYX (Alteryx) what do you guys think about it?
NIO puts for when Porsche and every other European car company sues them for making a carbon copy of their designs
Username checks out
NIO Day hype train the catalyst?
[deleted]
Yes there’s tons more going on there. My current beach town is sleepy
My plan for NIO. If we open green I'm selling my $50C at $50-51 depending on support/resistance then waiting for a dip below $50 to buy $55C or $60C 11/20 depending on how ballsy you're feeling. Higher strike more likely to get IV crushed but also higher returns if it keeps mooning before earnings next week. Diamond hands but don't be greedy, boys
Stfu
There’s nio ER next week 😉
Will NIO run up all day today?
Lmao
Wtf NIO is the dream stock. Buy a monthly a month ago and it goes up every week
The start of a 4 year pump my nibba
Same. It’s kind to me so far
[removed]
They are peepee heads
[deleted]
The dude made all his billions because of the CCP, evil or not, you don't bite the hands that feed you
i don't understand the question
[removed]
excited?
It did just that yesterday and it did get going but just not the direction we want.
[deleted]
He has covid. He said in a separate tweet that he has cold like symptoms as well.
[deleted]
yeah those are gonna print. will be nice if it moons even more.
69.53 EOD my guy
u/savethisvideo
🤡
Next week bro, buckle in
I will defend the CCP with my life
Are you fucking high?
Its such a lowkey original story after all the shit thats been subtitled to it lol
All states are infested bro
Goddamn Morgan Stanley with their PLTR downgrade.
YES
Actually my IQ test says I have the intelligence of a 5 year old and me only being down 92% this year is testament to that
Has hasn’t sir
LI CALLS LI CALLS LI CALLS. 42 EOD
I thought O(something), but I apparently only make assumptions. I googled it and didn’t see anything about what I just said about O type.
It’s a huge company but idk
Wish you the best of luck brother
LOL you're always safe buying LEAPs
Sorry for your loss
 DKNG estimates?
No, I will not sell.
As we have all experienced this year, market doesn't always react logically..so nothing is guaranteed. I think if you have shares or long dated DTE options, then you can afford to sit and wait, and ignore the noise.
[deleted]
Way oversold, this was a weird week, next week it will go up at least 10%
Share price way too high for a company that has produced f.all. yes. Pile your money. Then i will short the poop out of it
Sometimes the only winning move is to let your plays ride
Omg that is a goddamn trainwreck
Fuck yes. The Macbook hype is what keeps ir afloat.
Same reason it pumped with a 290bn market cap
VTI
PDT forces diamond hands, godspeed retard.
Make
Alibaba
Green
Again
I would be proud to be Hillary Clinton’d by the CCP
Those that missed the EV train this week 🤡🤡🤡
i always come here to make sure that my positions are inverse of the WSB sentiment.


I am not disappointed this morning. (yet)
how much brain damage have you endured in life?
No you retard this is bullish af for Tesla because it means they’re going to become a pharma company too. Tesla’s going to the fkn moon!
When hydrogen or the current big car names wipe the newbies out (except tesla and nio)
[removed]
Someone please award this guy.
Would I be better off just selling my 122$ AAPL shares and buying world stock ETF?
Diamond hands
My chyna otm calls don't expire till mid december and are now itm now what
Don't bite the hands that feed you, or you'll end up like Jack Ma
Bought NIO at $21 and sold at $27 AMA
Someone get the mods.
[removed]
17/f/Cali
Retired or forced out?
One of us
Has PLTR meme potential?
In NIO we trust.
Xi Jing Pump > Donald Pump
always window
[deleted]
Sry corrected it my broker displayed that shit in euros
hows life
Nice ninja edit op. Ban.
Window or aisle seat for you sir?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/BigPPTrader the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You know a game that’s fun when you lose ?
What a fucking alpha a 911 is exactly why I got into stocks
If you're afraid of NIO correction just wait til after earnings and buy the dip then get ready for the NIO Day hype train in January
Inb4 they figure out how to transport them in -30.
>You guys know that NIO doesn’t even own a factory and the only thing that the company does is marketing? I would get the hell out of that stock before it’s too late. Btw nice returns!

Oh boy you're in for a rude awakening...
Its flagged as yolo tho
[deleted]
Go look at the short float % and come back to me

Thanks
[deleted]
I bought 35 Nio 50c 11/13 yesterday, so who’s really the retard here. I either eat on my lambo’s hood or the curb
I think so and hope so.
If NIO hits $55 today i will fly to China and suck Xi Jinpings balls
Damn nice
There are houses in Detroit that sell for a few thousand dollars. Not sure either its still the same now, but covid can't help it.
[deleted]
My puts that were worth 5k at the bottom yesterday are trying to open worthless. GG
Probably both
Gladly daddy
[deleted]
Sell at open after rally. Wait for dip and use profits to buy more calls just slightly above where it was before. Can't go tits up
[deleted]
You're already in the money.
Are we holding nio when the lockdown is announced?
China EV tri-force all dropping and rebounding exactly the same.

Like 3 battleships in formation attacking pearl harbor for digital dollars!
Whatever buttboy
11/20
Started at 250k?
Can't be greedy, breh. Sometimes you take your +100% and miss out on 150+% but you probably go back to 20% more often than that.
seriously lads am i too late on this thing. is this going to goto tesla $1000 levels?
weekly\*

*Bro trust me, its gonna rebound those 14% tomorrow*
r/JSE_Bets
[deleted]
what’s up guys I’m basically in baby mode just starting to get into options

I just bought NIO 50 11/20 am I retarded or will I be eating Wendy’s tomorrow
i’m still bearish long term but see us fairly range bound for a while. if the vaccine pump can’t take us past 360, not sure what can. unless trump conceding is not priced in?

selling otm credit call spreads for now, still long a few puts as well
Lol
[deleted]
Usually, a ticker gets imminent death once it's get spammed at a certain rate per 10 comments. But not with NIO and the gang. That's how retardedly strong Chinese EVs are. 

NIO $69.42 EOY
Honestly with the feel of this week, today might be one hell of a slump.

However, as proven on multiple occasions, it’s going to touch green midday.
Unfamiliar with the other assets mentioned. Physical gold and silver is one way of investing as well, but less liquid than shares/derivatives (but riskier). All about trade offs it seems.
I’ve been counting down the days pay attention
[deleted]
Ooos sorry
What app are you using?
We laub peelep Ribers poreber!!!
Most my portfolio is in NIO, but regardless, fuck the CCP.
I have a friend who works there. They’ve signed on a massive customer, even bigger than tiktok. I won’t say here but they’re in the fintech industry. FSLY back to 130 real soon. Holding shares and calls.
thats the problem
i can feel the weakness in me today. i trimmed my NIO position. Need to rub one out.
what's the expiry?
Post lock down and post stimmy the MMs will let it break ATH and make its run for $400+ in mid 2021 :)
And yet everyone knows what he is talking about
And the one before
cool story bro...  I’m going back to sleep with your gf
Why isn't there a WSB podcast?
I think I might cash in at open. Feels risky to hold on longer
From what I’ve seen from both parties in the last 12 months, I think I’m just gonna try to make money for a while
Sounds like he just has early stages of covid or another flu that has similar signs.
You mean the same LIN that's at $256 right now?
In any case, given the shitty false negative rates of these rapid tests, he probably does have covid. Also you have to consider bayesian analysis of the tests. What is the probability that a covid negative person would test positive twice/negative twice? Pretty unlikely.
No DD, no sources, no positions.  Thought there were rules here
nah nah nah nah

i know all of you retards have piled into NIO, but you are not allowed to just say "it" like NIO is the default WSB stock
it just needs to break above 267-268 then it should get going
Channel your inner NIO and rise up 


Or DM me dawg let’s talk
I sold my $45C for this Friday (got in at $42 during first pull back to $39) when we closed at $43 Wednesday. I realistically would have sold at $45 or 46 but I definitely wouldn't have held til now at $50. I did open a few $50C during today's dip but I would have opened a lot more had I not sold my weeklies for a loss. Still made a killing on NIO though and I plan to get in on the run tomorrow/Monday.
Ohhh baby you sound salty, t and p
[removed]
Why do I get the bad feeling we are going to be trapped in a SPY 350-360 hell for the foreseeable future?
Why tf would TSLA pump with a **390bn market cap**
😲  *jaw drops*
[removed]
This was the most obvious play in the past year. I'm long NIO shares and calls also
Looking like we fucked brother
65-75 after the ER, then it might be 100 by next Friday. Just my prediction
Except for last Friday.
started bigly red (eu), somehow im just gone green again, viva la resistance
Good luck in an infested state
You could be right. I said earlier in the week it hasn't had that big big move yet like Tesla had yet.
[removed]
In other words..... he tested positive TWICE!
Future dropped a mixtape so futures will be looking good
Haha it’s over 50 pre market
[removed]
There are dozens of different testing types available and several major differences between them technology wise.
I mean I think it’s good. Up to me, I’d pick XPEV or NIO, but just imo
u/savethisvideo
This is not financial advice, do your own due diligence.
even if its a 5% gain thats still good. after a 30% boom and 20% boom pre market u dont think it will grow at least 5% today?
The NIO 39C I sold woulsmd be worth 1k each at open
why sell nio at open when you could wait till it dips and panic sell for a loss
Ma retired from BABA specifically so he could call Xi a little bitch cuck

Chad level over 9000
Ah I see , interesting, thanks for that- reason I question is that my business does, but then it isn't listed!
So it’s gunna jump up $50 today? You’re an idiot
Friday the 13th in 2020. Should be fun.
If we knew the answer to that we would be riding lambos
5 years from now when they overtake Tesla and the entire world
Markets. Never. Bottom. On a Friday.
[deleted]
I’ve got 35 at 50 strike. Please hold
When we hit 12k in 2 hours
Oh my God thank you man that holds calls in NIO
Next year
What test? Was it BD rapid antigen test?
Me thinking I bought the Top yesterday: worried  
Me today knowing I absolutely did not buy the top: happy   
NIO $65c jan 2022
LEAPS are 1 year or more "long term equity anticipation
And you can hold them bitches for over a year and the jungler won’t tax you as much
LEAPS are 1 year or more "long term equity anticipation"
seems like you say that everyday
I can buy Kratom at the store.
When to sell NIO is the question
[deleted]
BABA 280 by tonight any chance? I'm gonna kiss Xi ass if Ma's not gonna do it.
Long on $DIS before you go visiting Disney World. It's basically insider trading lol
[deleted]
This game is only fun when you’re winning
WARNING ❗️❗️
im about to fomo into chinese EV

I normally dont buy the VERY top

But i buy like a day before the very top and end up bagholding. I was planning on holding chinese EV another week so do w this info what u will
what is BABA actually doing, tech ripping and its sitting there at 0.40%
I’ve said this a few times about Sony but I think it’s worth saying it again. If you wanted to get in on the console release pump you’re about 6 months too late. I bought Sony over six months ago for this very reason. You’re late to the party I’m afraid.


As far as GME... I’ve considered buying either long term calls or puts several times but ultimately decided to stay on the sidelines on this one.
They may be a good broker dealer, but personally, im not a fan of their trading resources.
Calls on Rosetta Stone Mandarin
Agreed, just not here.
$PDXP Panda express mooning bro
Take profits as soon as there's sign of a pull back, then get back in for slightly above ATH if there's a dip with some of what you made.
When is the next Chad conference loll
So chinese EV will get sympathy play for tesla’s success but not the other way around. Puts on WSB’s patriotism. 🤡🤡
not even close
Lockdown won’t stop anything. Work at home stocks will soar again if that’s the case.
Starting to think ACB puts weren’t a good idea.
He's legit stupider than the people here who do BABA FD YOLO's [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHGd6LqAVzw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHGd6LqAVzw)
You're just coming to this conclusion now??
Friendship ended with autist CEO, China Tesla is new bestfriend
Yea hes a clown.
[deleted]
Everyone’s a genius in hindsight, stop acting like u knew this was gonna happen. Grow a spine and call some shit out for the next two weeks and I’ll respect your opinion. 

Position: tits deep in NIO shares
Gotta start some where bro
average down
Holding it at least until earnings fellow retard
I'm holding nearly 700 $SPY calls im just stating facts. Markets been violently whipsawwing since sept
Lol. This + rent is cheaper than on the other side of the Hudson river are my favorite things about NJ now
Hate to do it but....


MODS
Not leaps but I have: 


I have 12/18 17C's and 3/19/21 20C's
😴😴🤑🤑
[deleted]
Moving to Orlando in 3 days bitches
Holy fuck we have a genius here who trusts the geniuses

Your life experience must be 0
Source? <
He’d have been called retarded the moment he bought them with no respect to his profits because they’re overshadowed by the impossibly large returns he could’ve had.
Ban
Good idea to buy some LI right now? Or should i wait until close today. just want about 50 shares.. Im all in on NIO but have some side cash to drop on LI since all chinese EV's are boomin and XPEV is basically even with NIO now..
Check bbc
Tell me which ones my man
Jack Ma is a clown. Why talk shit about the Chinese Government?
Who’s gonna fomo into LI?
Why the hell do I keep waking up so early. Not even 5am yet
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** How to beat the retards and the market low effort

**URL:** https://redd.it/jte8ly
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jte8ly) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/bragghy, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
BARBATOUGH
dwm42
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Is there a place to generate these?
[deleted]
I have found Nio at 15$, Expeng at 20$ and I tried to beat the market to buy and sell continuously and I couldn’t, and also stressed myself... this time I stay long with no stress. This stock in less than 3 months will have a rally of at least 40%. Does your friend wanna miss it :))?
[removed]
Can I borrow $5 for gas?
Something I've always wondered, what is the reasoning behind max pain theory? Google isn't really telling me much
No

But i believe chinese stonks go up
Appreciate it my man
Holy shit chadsdaq pumping!!
[deleted]
[removed]
Puts on musk long chinese ev
It already saved the strategy from that 70% drawdown of SPXL earlier this year
Bull trap today. The fed stop pumping eod today and resume on 20th. USA on lockdown
[deleted]
Panic buying at open
Better than most my guy
Saw the first one but not the second. Will look it up. But if you have link available thanks!
I love biden, leta get thise china pump started
Hella del taco tacos in those 27 dollars
http://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/13/2126275/0/en/Li-Auto-Inc-Announces-Unaudited-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
this makes no sense... are u against long calls for Chinese EV or not?
I care, Clint, I care.
I think you’re going to be the only one tomorrow
[deleted]
Thank you kind stranger. Only one correction. I’m not an autist. Those are actually smart in their unique ways.
I was profitable but no one couldve predicted that move. We immiedately gapped down Monday. October 12th til election $SPY was in the gutter. Noone holding calls was profitable during those -$15 days
Tsla is up today then
Yeah sry just created this account because i wanted one for wsb only ive been here since 100k subs
I take back 40% of the things I've said about NJ
There is a new Elon. ASIAN ELON
That 10% may save you in an event of nuclear war
http://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/13/2126275/0/en/Li-Auto-Inc-Announces-Unaudited-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results.html
Sometimes, I wish I could ban people for shitting up the sub.
Asking a war. Fucking Trump can’t keep his mouth shut for a second
I just made 28k of chinese nio baby, lets get theae fds
I only had one LI call . smh
[deleted]
Guess they blew just enough dick to pay the boss
no probably rip further
It looks like the premiums for options for NIO and company are stupid huge. I guess I'm missing out, but not by as much as I think.
He means stop chewing on your tongue.
You have to be nice to it
What's the difference? Aren't they the same terms? Stocks/Shares/Scrips
Inb4 PLTR opens flat lol
We're all small fish in here. Stop trying to outsmart the market. If you've been doing anything except going long anything EV the past 2 weeks youre retarded and hate money. If you're going to throw money away like that at least stop being gay and throw it at something useful like hookers and blow.
[deleted]
Is it possible that some regions have shittier testing? I know someone who got a false positive, followed by a negative the next day or two.
Damn they had a killer Q3. 8000+ cars delivered and partnership with NVIDIA, one of the best hardware you can find for autonomous driving
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Not news.
Yes. It's like racing Usain Bolt.  He doesn't need a 3 hour head start to beat you in the 100M, but the outcome is so inevitable that nobody bothers to fight it when he gets one.
yes pleeaseeeee
Some people, man they are wired differently. There are some who have a base camp they can default back to, and there are some that no matter what they push for more no matter the opportunity cost. My life situation is neither; I'm working to build the base camp. After that I don't know how I'll act. One thing I love about this place is you get all walks of life in all the stages of development and levels of wealth and greed, but you see the plays, but not necessarily the stage of life and capitalization behind them unless you dig. I'm currently 30 years old and toward the lower end of the totem pole. I love seeing the slices of life, the goals and ambitions, and what people are willing to sacrifice to move ahead, even if mine are comparitively conservative.
[deleted]
PLTR O.o wtf is it waiting for? get out and rise the fuck up stupid shit
Traditionally you buy puts for your calls as a form of insurance, right?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I am so depressed, I wish everybody else was dead!
I feel it too
1 week.
I believe the reason NIO will keep going up until it hits around $150 is because retail investors, young investors with $200 in their Robinhood accounts, can keep getting in. NIO is really cheap and appears really appealing to young investors. Everyone sees this as the "Tesla" of China & everyone knows how Tesla turned out...
He be lookin chunky these days tho.



Agree overall though.l
LOL ya 15% on the Spx and you’re hating on calls? Fuck you hate money
[deleted]
Presymptomatic patients have a 50% false negative rate. Wow this is bogus!!
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ant-group-ipo-jack-ma-xi-jingping-china-trade-economy-091236547.html

Not much we didnt know but Yahoo’s article on Xi assfuking Ma
good profit though! always have to be happy with making money
Keep in mind this post is coming from a brand new account...
We'll see, if they can consistently building non-mattress portfolio while still maintain the excellent performance of the core product, we can see similar or bigger growth than this year (50%) on next year.

But yeah, I admit, that is too optimistic.
china flexing on mango, or doing exactly what mango expected?
Fake news dipshit. Two positive and two negative tests all on the same day.
Seriously?  How pathetic is your life that this is how you amuse yourself?
[removed]
You dropped this \ 
 *** 
^^&#32;To&#32;prevent&#32;anymore&#32;lost&#32;limbs&#32;throughout&#32;Reddit,&#32;correctly&#32;escape&#32;the&#32;arms&#32;and&#32;shoulders&#32;by&#32;typing&#32;the&#32;shrug&#32;as&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯`&#32;or&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯`

 [^^Click&#32;here&#32;to&#32;see&#32;why&#32;this&#32;is&#32;necessary](https://np.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3fbrg3/is_there_a_reason_why_the_arm_is_always_missing/ctn5gbf/)
Good pick. Hope u do well.
Friendship ended with American stock

Chyna stocks new fren
i mean i dont care cause stonks go up, but does anybody realllllly believe chinese earnings?
You are fucking retarded .... the strategy works because you do the **rebalancing quarterly**. If you applied that strategy at the beginning of 2020, now you would have made +35%. Last year +70%.
Just a heads up. Your Max pain figures for 11/13/2020

QQQ 288

SPY 352 

NIO 39
[deleted]
So the market rallies on insane grandpa planning to shut the whole country down, but it will crash because pumper in chief gets back in? Doesn't make any sense at all.
[deleted]
Elon has Covid. Expect Elon to go be red all day
[removed]
We know what the company is, what we don't know is your positions.
It'll start printing by mid 2021. You'll be deep ITM before you know it
I heard rumor they are perfecting technology that would prevent a car from rolling on level surfaces.
So we might hit $17 by Nov 27? Asking for a friend. :)
Tesla had its turn and we thank it for starting the hype wave
Xi congrats Biden and officials of elections told trump fucks off.
https://twitter.com/breakingweather/status/1327182200878604289?s=19

A 5.5 magnitude earthquake in Mina, Nevada and a 5.2 earthquake in Olancha, California occurred within 30 seconds of each other at 1:24 PST early this morning
The fomo I have for xpev and Li...I'm gonna do it...I'm gonna fuckin do it
where does it hurt precisely? curious
[deleted]
its gonna go to 48+ forsure, probably 2 weeks barring any vaccine shitshows
How did LI do on earnings compared to estimates?
profit is profit, no?
And spxl only up 3.75% from 1 year ago, uvxy down 18%?
LI earnings are nothing to laugh at, holy shit. They turned a a non-gaap profit this quarter, from being down 159m RMB in Q2. Insanely good imo
Wait till 8AM
Is the market going to sell off at open, like quicksand?
Unity makes me a bit sad lately
Who else is buying way otm 0dte on chinese EV tm
Markets will hedge in order to meet liquidity demands.

This is why earnings make no sense sometimes.
Dont worry young autie, the first ones free. You see, options contracts are like insurance. Big bois use them to guarentee a certain return regardless of the circumstances of the market. We use them to gamble.

So, when big bois are buying lots of puts, its a sign that they expect success, but are prepared for the worst. This place has skewed that data noticebly, so dont bother trying to use p/c ratio as an indicator. It doesnt help.
BABA to 280 today plz
just buy every NIO dip bois, this stock will keeps raising till earning and explode bigger  after with no limit
Hmm what news just made everything Green? Also Europe?
Elon doesn’t get Covid. Covid gets Elon... 😍 love you Mr. Musk! Get feeling better!
Autistic
[deleted]
I didn't even know this existed. Lmfao
rip
Rip in piece to the E man
Has LI announced or leaked earnings? Or is this just a runup
That's all the DD I need. NIO $3000000 confirmed here too.
I choose to YOLO revlon
Ooo we brining the bear jerky in all the salt they tossing tonight positions UVXY 14$ puts 11/13
My head is smoked man I can’t sleep
Thoughts on SNAP?
[removed]
Why is LI up is what I want to know... is it just because the speculation is that the financial will be good...?
LI earnings out: 

https://ir.lixiang.com/news-releases/news-release-details/li-auto-inc-announces-unaudited-third-quarter-2020-financial
Fine, if you won't pass stimulus then I will - NIO, LI, XPEV
Easy to make money in a bull market, careful my friend.
BUY THE DIP
MM's pump it
*showing results for* stonks only go up
Blasphemy.  Bow to your god.
Buy calls , it broke over $50 resistance pre
I just saw Elon’s tweet wtf
Are you not proud?
Add in SOLO too. It’s worth the EV hype it’s getting as well.
Corsair has 'air' in the name and we breath air to live.
You’re telling me riding calls from 320 to 360 wasn’t profitable the last month
It’s going at least 4x from here imo
Joined my guy, I have faith
I did my astrology analysis bro
Thank you kindly
Thanks dawg, I hope your positions print 👍
Imagine diamond handing $SPY calls the last three months?
PLUS KNDI
He is in his 40's and normal weight, this isn't really a concern.
Because it’s gonna dump
I remember when I was clairvoyant
Last friday NIO mooned AH and premarket, and then dropped a few dollars by EOD close. Nervousness.
i was into solo but it seems nobody in usa will buy them. they don't have product market fit although their product looks/is interesting
Can someone with a functioning brain tell me what is supposed to happen when there are a lot more puts than calls for a company? 

Or show me a nice link that explains it to retards? 

Im finding it hard to understand.
Glad i bought $SPY and AAPL calls in September instead of the fucking Chinese EVs on my watch list. Fuck. Sold all my nio too back in July
what terrible play
Dont forget KNDI guys... up big premarket. One more for Chinese EV stocks.
Bought some 12/18 10c today, I hope it moons
When you stay up to 1am and realize you picked the wrong direction for spy...😬
yeah i was half joking im definitely not yoloing this money. i made a plan to hit 100k this year, and then 150k, and now im at 241k with all me investments and savings and i just feel so blessed. I have done theta gang a few times and made some decent money there but if you have enough capital there are some obvious plays that will make money. I have traveled most of my life been to about 30 countries and all of america. i enjoyed the experiences and still want to travel but i dont have that same sense of adventure i had a few years ago. i dont know why.
Mans sweating in the rain...\*WSB member verified\*.
That’s way too high. 55 at most
Making too many enemies around the world. This is what he got.
[deleted]
Why lol. At $1.44 it was basically already bankrupt value
Jesus wtf does he know
Sleep for a little. Its important
I bought 0DTE SPY puts with the remaining half a percent of my portfolio money to hedge. Was that necessary. Gonna miss that money
So uh... can I sell my 95x 0dte nio 49p right now? I’m not feeling too good about it.
# OMG THE HOLY TRINITY NIO LI AND XPEV UP BIGLY
LI gonna pop off
Are you guys going to end friendship with BABA?
So what is it nio? Pre market pump, slight drop to just above yesterday's close and then mission to the Andromeda galaxy?
[deleted]
Fuck yea it will
[deleted]
Do i see that right that Nio has a higher market cap than BMW ?
All in Chinese EV
Idk i got shares, 1 year call premiums too high rn imo
£1.63? Really? 

Take this to r/antstreetbets
Earnings hasn't been released yet

Good luck autist
oh shit really? trump is history
Thank you kind stranger.
[deleted]
Well, actually the "couple of days" of data analysis might include the weekend. Could mean Monday open news release. Be careful and good luck!
Imagine diamond handsing spy puts hahaha

Haha
My paper hands at work with Nio:
[Fuck me](https://ibb.co/S5LfqGY)
Have a look above as this is discussed through the thread. Here's a few pointers

1. Puts on any credit etf 
2. SPX puts
3. Calls on TLT and any treasury etf
China china China!!
And 850 shares at 6.90
Currently 4:32, gotta be up at 7:00. What’s the play here boys?
I have 50c 11/13 FDs I diamond handed
I don't ever need more than $75k/yr. That's why hearing about your windfall and proceeding plan when putting it on a course to make $70k/wk essentially risk-free hit a nerve with me, especially when you have the capacity to continue to generate income hit a nerve with me. And also the high emotion day and booze, but we aren't talking about that haha. But I'm just a dude. I'm open to any advice you can give me too. I'm thinking of continuing to work to expand the passive income and either make more or make the same with less risk. My dream would be to tour America and beyond while making money passively. I don't need the material wealth many desire. I crave experience.
This might be my ticket to retirement
At least the money is going to someone more  capable
Sir, this is a Wendy's.
I've been holding since I got in at 24 and plan to hold through earnings. Possibly even longer.
What news?
No lol
i probably just missed out on 10 or 20g's but im gonna buy more at open for next week fuccck it
Fuck yeah welcome on board
I know that the moment I sell my GME it’ll squeeze. So I’ll never fucking sell them even if I hold to expiry. I’m sorry retards.
So not Monday. Fuck it, worth the shot. Thanks 👍
I smell money... burning 🔥!
Lol this christopher danely guy from citigroup has an AMD price target of $13 that was revised october 27th. TF? Haha
No lie I almost sold my 49c for NIO that expire today before close yesterday and if it holds this could be the best play I've made in a while.
Find the exercise  button for full profit.
Selling NIO puts tomorrow is gonna get me hard
same.. went up worth $200+ more right after i sold
Homie leading an engineering team to do any one of those is something no amount of money can get you. Bezos is one of the richest men to have lived and his rocket, while dope, is such a far cry from what musk has done

And musk got cars to drive themselves too on top of the whole space thing
People vote from their grave all the time, buying stock is just voting with your money
Nio will pump again all day, just hold
Ah NVM selling same day yah you got a good chance
Nio will be 60 eod
Wait til NIOs ER, you’ll be in for a surprise
Yesterday, CNBC (and reportedly Fauci) was saying that the data analysis is expected in a matter of days to a week. They have accrued the case number required for Interim Analysis #1, and now it's a matter of analyzing it.

Bancel (and even Fauci, actually) are known for overpromising on timelines, though. I would say the optimistic case for data release is next week, and the slightly more conservative case is the week after.

What are you playing?
I finally FOMOd into NIO with Jan 2021 50c. Didn't think they would be ITM overnight 🚀🚀🚀
Bro it's 50+ premarket. Just do calls. Dont gay 🐻 it. 

There's a lot of rallying. Just follow the rally. The technicals of the line are also looking good.
YOU mutha fucka
Ma is about to be sent to a xinjiang re-education camp, fuck him
I feel like the jealous single fuck looking at all the happy couples with their LI up 20% again premarket while I'm here with NIO only up 5.5%
How’s the eviction going
[deleted]
We just hit 50
It will with earnings next week
Ni hao, Beijing congratulated Biden on his victory. I’m now certain the race is over.
Averaged up big time today. This trade is gonna be profitable. I have time
I am calling bullshitter on this one.
I'm always diversified but, today I just had to go for it. Thanks man and likewise best of luck tmmrw ☘️
Go to vegas, flights are cheap
U better shut up before Ma compares u with pawn shop.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sometimes I just wanna be a fat greedy pig 🐷
Primarily because Tesla has stopped mooning for a while now. FSR and SOLO are still getting those sweet EV tendies. This shit happens a lot to extreme growth stock lol
Where you gonna get the rope
[removed]
[deleted]
also planning on getting those, earnings should be solid
Oddly enough I think a lot of people bought around 2-3 for ev future. 

I sold mines around 9 for a 4x bagger. Generally speaking I think you made the right choice
Old faggz fuckin with the teezey
SOLO gunna be pumped next?
You played smart bro, don’t feels bad. Profits profits you fucking retard. Bet you can’t sleep knowing your money coulda doubled. I mean... it’s ok bby profits is profit
You think Xpev is crazy? Check out LI 📈
We are supposed to believe people are buying KANDI cars? Google images Kandi K27. These China EV stocks have been a fraud all along
What strikes and dates are you looking at?
Elon is gonna die
Tesla is down this month...
Sure, from his grave
If you thought WFC were crooks wait till you hear about DB
You ll start getting puts? At what level? I ll start getting puts once it s around 50-55usd. Nio is not worth more than BMW
I mean if your donating, you got PayPal?
I shorted 300 shares of nio at $42 AMA
Well it‘s running rn, +18% at L&S
Is it nikola?
Yes guys really think China wouldn’t cook their books under that juicy non-GAAP reporting? We’re doing a triple ripper. XPEV LI NIO earnings beats and beautiful guidance only a flourishing EV company could give
Same. Got 20 contracts of 4/16/21 $1c
liking money is american
Thanks to you guys I made my first profit big tendies coming soon
fuck me i sold 45 contracts yesterday
I heard JP Morgan himself bought 110m of RKT
Cuz I touch myself at 4am
Oh... I see.... Still don't think he's good for  SPAC.
Hey man me too
Wait til Amzn puts its big dick on the table, tech to 12k today!
we are china now
I guess you also need to trust people which I don’t but thanks for the perspective!
Load up on calls guys, we're going to ATH's (again) and beyond, blow off top scenario continuing
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/sense- the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nio and weed stocks
ppl really selling off tesla to buy the chinese copies

not very american
Did tesla run up faster than these chinese EV companies?
Yikes
NIO 60 EOD, GIMME GIMME
def do
Holy fuck LI is gonna make me so much tomorrow
Which blood types ?
The “my wallet” charity
Buying as many BNTX calls as I can
.13 USD is correct, but for every share of BABA in USD you actually own 8. 8:1 Ratio.

&#x200B;

HK Price x .13 x 8 will get you close to the USD price.
Honestly I probably won’t even get the chance to. It’ll be a dip after a massive pump. No time for IV to die. Even if they’re hedging for 50, that shit don’t belong there rn. Run up too big
If you had calls with the right expiration date, you would be a millionaire
Godspeed
i feel like im gonna fomo into NIO 0DTE
Lol the return of meme weed stocks

Guess I'm back in
[deleted]
When you boys think Moderna drops their phase 3 data? Zoom's going back to 500, but I'm debating on Friday calls or not.
I can't wait for people to realize there is an American version of Nio. That stock will pump when they do.
**COVID associated death** 0.0049% (**1 in 20408**)

Using 49 years old, 188cm height and 82kg weight ([source](https://gottahavelays.com/pages/journal/4c8c1e-Elon-Musk-height-and-weight))

This is a QCovid algorithm developed by University of Oxford.

[https://qcovid.org/PatientInformation/PatientInformation](https://qcovid.org/PatientInformation/PatientInformation)
[deleted]
[deleted]
More like Tiananmen Square bets am I righ... hang on, someone is knocking on my door right now
no clue man, the CC is at 8am EST, but idk when the report drops. This shit must have been fucking stellar cuz it's up 22% PM. Wouldn't put it past China to have early report so they can get profits already before everyone else finds out. Regardless, fucking sick runs right now
Can someone smart explain why premarket opens at 4am
Who cares, nothing gonna matter vs EV
Can someone explain to me why the price of BABA in Hong Kong doesn’t add up to the NSY price? So the price in HK dollars was hovering around 258 but HK dollar is 0.13 USD. 

Sorry for noob question.
Mannnn they're really trying to pin DIS at 140 with those block asks. sigh
i think covid is speeding up the legalization of weed worldwide- bullish
no but you need to sell at a price where they wont get called away
You son of a bitch, I’m in.
Ah damn you went with shares! Nice return tho man, fuck me. Careful with options, don't wanna lose it all! Be safe, have fun, and good luck! :0)
wow i feel honored
Literally don’t sell.
Chief hes gambling like 8m or some shit. Dude made profits in the billions
I’d love to short XPEV if IV wasn’t a thing. Got wait til it settles for a bit and then drop. Which is hard as fuck
For anyone wondering why pot stocks up bigly again pm:

\- "Bill to decriminalize marijuana in N.J. passes in committee — and is amended to include hallucinogenic mushrooms"
WSB boy in qipao when?
love to hear it man. different goals for different people. looks like youve come far. I worked at safeway as a bagger, busboy at a resturaunt, was homeless at one point in my life with about 50 bucks to my name with nothing going for me. turned my life around and doing pretty good.
My Man u/princeps94 is on his way to a milly from nio, 200k down 800 to go 💪🏻
Imagine still caring about boomer TSLA when you have NIO lmaoo
[deleted]
[deleted]
Love seeing the acct hit all time highs every day. I know the euphoria is dangerous, but what the fuck am I gonna do, sell? Fuckoutahere
Bill Ackman is literally yoloing all his gains from the huge luck he had on the the first covid crash and is now no better than the rest of the bears in this sub and is likewise going to lose all that money.  Don't know why anyone would trust him with PSTH.
Vic Dibitetto
ACB +15% lmfao
I mean Reeeeeeeeeeee
Watch us make money
for PLTR I think you would do better with those extra long dated calls with a delta of 1 and 0 theta
Have you seen the cars Solo makes? Try pick up a date in those.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/BigPPTrader don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Anyone got news on FSLY???
Nah I’m calling it rn, NIO 55 EOD
I still love you TSLA 😢
[deleted]
He means anything longer than a week out
If you’re not jacked to the tits on PLTR shares, you’re playing it wrong
Holy smokes. I'm over here living paycheck to paycheck. Incredible to read. 

What stocks do you like right now?
If I get tested, I'm 100% positive it would be negative.
[removed]
Aight EV boys we can't celebrate until after LI earnings at 8am EST
[deleted]
Put down $21000 im at $25500 now. I started with like 10k 2 months ago. Not bad for a newbie ehh? I rode Nio and then xpeng yesterday and them Li today. Not to brag but i hit every turn perfectly pretty much. I'm going to start getting into options now as well.
[deleted]
XPEV is unreal right now
It does that, then comes off it’s high real quick
I would literally quit stocks forever if nio hits 100 next week
I got 52c hail marys :)
I voted for the Mango lol
Just fucking sell it pussy
Imagine NIO is at $100 next week (unlikely but it'd be funny to make fun of you)
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**Mwazoski4** , kminder in **1 week** on [**2020-11-20 09:14:03Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-20 09:14:03Z&reminder_id=1be4ab16496f43868c568c2000688571&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: What_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020#2**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt38hy/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020/gc5025r/?context=3)

> kminder 1 week!

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-20T09%3A14%3A03%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt38hy%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020%2Fgc5025r%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 2 reminders.

^(OP can )[^(**Add email notification, Delete comment, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-20 09:14:03Z&reminder_id=1be4ab16496f43868c568c2000688571&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can view and sort reminders by created, delayed, and remind time on Reminddit.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Hold onto it
I’m new what do u mean?
[deleted]
i sold my NIO calls now idk wtf to do
Holding a big sundial bag rn
LMAOOO
Just in California. Parks are open in Florida and other countries. Fully booked up for thanksgiving. They are a media empire, never bet against the mouse.
[removed]
Please stay safe here
Y’all sleeping on KNDI? ripping off the back of EV earnings
At what point are we starting to short EV ?
Well I could lose my shares right?
NIO is heading to the sky lol
[deleted]
Omg, how dumb are some of you
So it might be better to just sell the shares then and use that money +the premium I got to buy as many shares as I can back?
retard strength
We need some people to buy some puts tho, gotta have short sellers covering their positions to create squeeeeezes!!
I say you’re retarded
Bitches be triflin'.
so on the bottom on the pics its have sell or close what should I sell it or close it? What is close mean? do I still make profit?if I choose to do close
[removed]
Pot stocks doing dumb shit again
Man I regret selling half my calls but I know if it dumped I would’ve been happy
0 dte NIO calls
Remind me 1 week!
fuck you baba fucking trash
I got 60s 11 20
get buttfucked
Tesla big doomp EOD .buying puts at open
Some of my best gains were from sleeping. I think I'm net positive on my noon wakeup days
Can’t stop if I’m just starting
NIO prob gunna hit 60 today
u/savethisvideo
Just stop with the puts bro
[deleted]
Fuck I love a chick who will finger my gay bear booty, tough to find. Kinda like a good short trade
Go for it!! I'm long so i don't mind, but damn looks like a lot of people got fucking burned on their shorts for this huge squeeze LOL
Just buy all Chinese ev you can. Close your app and come back in a year 🤑
Did that discourage you from playing it this week and last?
[deleted]
please nio 60 eod
Not familiar with the lingo yet, what do you mean by leaps?
Tesla puts would have been an awesome way to make money today
Deal
And now time 4 puts hehe
[deleted]
Fucking nio broke $50
I was gonna sell covered calls for $65 11/20 but fuck it will probably hit it
[removed]
She said the same thing, she also said she has to finger you in the ass so you can get hard which she found weird
I’m holding stock right now. But wouldn’t mind if Tesla get a sharp dump tomorrow to pick up some sub-400 shares.
[deleted]
I don't even know what to say to this. LI is up 20% in PM after already running 27% yesterday... XPEV is up 7% PM after running 33% yesterday... 
NIO is up 5% after 12% sympathy pumps yesterday... lolol
im in
Yes. It means that if you were to buy this option now it would cost you 1990. Its because the price moved towards your strike price.
HAHAHA NIO PUMPIN🤓🤓🤓
There's nothing bogus about getting 2 positives and 2 negatives. The BD rapid test has an 84% sensitivity, but a 100% specificity. So the test might miss a detection, but it won't give out false positives. If you test positive at all, you probably have covid.
My NIO 32 calls expired worthless 2 weeks ago
Elon will outcompete covid for sure. Tesla is way more exponential.
I think he bought 1000 shares of LK after it tanked down to a dollar and sold it when it was 2 or 3 dollars before it got delisted
 Im cuming
NIO 11/13 50c hail marys are somehow ITM
It’s almost as if the virus has errors that may create variations in testing, testing results and possibly vaccines. 

Wow, who would have thunk it. Fucking idiot. You are a god damn rocket scientist. Stop looking at share value and starting acting like a man of science. This shit matters man, money doesn’t long term.

Be better. Fuck. Just do it. Your share price will even do better if you see big picture. Jesus is not fucking hard. I know you see it. Be brave.
It gives you the average of the bid and ask. But you have to sell at the bid if you want to sell it instantly
If they pump I will send tic toc of me eating my own dick
Coward
Gute
Those puts are gonna print nicely.

Lockdowns ongoing and being extended for their customers. Joe keeps buying in the supermarket but no longer in the bars and restaurants.
Rebecca Black disagrees. Im pumping that tune all day 😎
Damn thanks Tim for the sweet divvi, ill take anotha in a couple months ;)
Spike: *Has a ship to go back to and people who care about him*


Spike in the final episode: “Guess I’ll just die”
[deleted]
FSLY you fucking BAE
We are
How much did you throw down?? I wish i had more free cash I could have used for LI and XPEV leaps, but still very happy with my NIO leap
Why acb getting high as a kite rn
My calls are gonna be ITM
people clowned me for buying “ITM” but i’m up $600 so
Idk how any of you mfs aren't millionaires from NIO yet
Dear lord another day of chinese ev fanboys here
I always do this its nice to wake up to gains or sleep peacefully through your losses instead of your stomach hurting the entire time. also easier to diamond hand sleeping
[deleted]
If anything the fact that you retards think it might means Tesla will moon tomorrow
Dear Tim,

Stop fucking around and pump your stock!! Share holders are waiting you disgraced cuck.

Have a nice day,
John
reminds me of gaming where the dude was talking shit to someone that could one shot him at any time if I wanted.
[deleted]
Delete comment and pm me
good god NIO
LI CALLS LI CALLS LI CALLS
These tests have a high specificity, which means that if you test positive at all, you probably have covid. Sensitivity, on the other hand can be lower, depending on how the test is done, so if you actually have covid, you might still test negative.

The only way I've heard of people getting false positives (test positive when you don't have covid) is if they were getting better from covid and they test negative, but then test positive again, due to still having some dead viral particles in their system.
It’s almost like we don’t have a complete grasp of how the virus infects, transmits or can be successfully tested let alone vaccinated. Fucking idiot.
TODAY IS LI(OOKING) GREAT
Nio 50!
Did LI report alrdy? It pumped even harder than xpev
$LI better not shit the bed on earnings, really need china EV euphoria to last a little longer.
Any guesses on how DKNG is gonna go?
Thank you good sir. I literally put it all on it man. With the earnings coming and how XPENG did I was certain there was no way I could lose.
[deleted]
So glad I dumped TSLA and parked my cash into NIO
You guys think Tesla will drop tomorrow because Elon got tested positive for Covid lol
Gotta do half and half pussy
I will never bet against china holy fuck
Bullish 

Jacked to the tits in calls
Oh bby I hope so
[deleted]
NIO MOON RIDE
Trump ain’t giving any stimulus out
what time are li earnings?
BABA!
NIO 50 lol
[deleted]
QQQ up 50% in the next year? That would be cool
[deleted]
So it's decided. The market doesn't care about anything bad happening in the world that would adversely effect the economy as a whole or profits the companies make. What only matters is uncertainty and panicking... I think the market as a whole is totally healthy and shouldn't be questioned for a single second.
Well that XPEV put was the wrong move lol
Do you have a problem with futures and a picture that is literally from this (Monday 5 days ago) that shows the profit when you hold futures through 2 months? 

I'm honored to know it bothers you so much that you think I work for a brokerage I don't even use or know anything about? I use TD Ameritrade by the way and do you not want to let WSB know about the 50x leverage on futures or something?

What is the problem? Is WSB about leverage and big bets??
Welcome to the Chinese EV bets forum
Isn’t moderna supposed to announce something about their vaccine
ripping right into the earth boomer stock lol
retire?
[deleted]
Sell at the top
Bear baiting
$CHL puts tomorrow!
Ban time hehe
Letting puts expire worthless.
Agreed. Its like seeing the results of the lottery and saying I should have picked those numbers. No one sees the future, could have went down.
God hates gay bears, only logical reason
[deleted]
Ur lucky to live with ur mom,worth all the money in the world.nothing else matters.
Holy fuck I longed the wrong fucking shit LI is mooning, nio better catch up.
[deleted]
Megan's husband got destroyed
Lockdown = stimulus = free money
Bought into NIO early and expected it to hit 40 by 2021. I don't even know what to do now.
I have hope!
Yeah you sexy homo, why don't you bring that tiny penis over here and let me show you how retarded I really am.
fuck why’d i close on my nio and xpev calls yesterday i’m gonna cry
TSLA ripping hard tryna fight the strong chinese boys😂😆
If you voted 😴 enjoy the bed youve made for all the rest of us
[deleted]
$600 Horizon Zero Dawn machine
Joe Mama
Now
Look at me, I'm your girlfriend now!
Thinking Amazon calls for February is a good play...Good reason to believe they'll have insane sales from Cyber Monday & Christmas this year.
Those are some pretty big words.
That’s not what ur 18 year old sister said
NIO $50 LETS GOOOOOOO
I put it all on Li 2 minutes before market close 📈
I want tiger to WIN
Priced in
its crazy how much money they have

theyve made so many TERRIBLE fucking movies in the past few years that blew dick at the box office and no one cared

i guess avengers is all people remember
There goes my NIO, watch him as he goes
Why does the stock market have its own alien lingo with English words that don't make any sense?
Stay up until 9:35am and then fall asleep for actual market activity gang
Do you work for interactive brokers? Are you trying to get a referral bonus? Why do you incessantly respond to every post with the same fucking nonsense about futures with the same screenshot for days at a time?
Sorry can't talk, spy is currently  punching my teeth out
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes. He is.
One word : stimulus
jesus LI is up 18% premarket right now
[deleted]
Cuz your record is gay.
Who they are?   


I just now William Lee.
Dow 30k

SPY 380

Nasdaq 20k

dont fight  🐷 gang
U r ugly
I sleep with your mom, i dont mind the noise
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
[deleted]
>What did Trump said to biden?  
>  
>Pardon me, sir!

this might be the best joke that has ever been.
Someone help me understand. 

Why are we pumping even higher with record COVID cases and shutdowns looming in the horizon?
[removed]
Well done, you should hold now over 500K profits! On your way to becoming a millionaire! The 13/11 call should profit you over 400K easily.
no 🙉🙈🙊
[deleted]
The white, yellow and black ranger have spoken
TA boys get so mad when you trash talk their faith.
BA should be fine
[deleted]
You need to get your screen fixed, all those weird looking smudges on there
Gyna stonks about to run
10k in shares
https://seeking alpha.com/article/4376553-beyond-meat-still-lot-of-beef
Blah blah blah fraudulent market blah blah pandemic blah blah rug pull. 

God I feel so bad for you completely moronic bears. It’s cringe watching the futures melt up and seeing these salty OMG I GUESS THE METRICS DON’T MATTER ANYMORE!!! Like. No shit. Rates are at all time lows. People aren’t selling off because the people who own stocks have no reason to sell off. Where the fuck would the money go? Sit in a 0.5% yield bank account? Get 2% on a bond? The fuck? The market is the only viable investment vehicle and KNOWN dangers like a potential shutdown (in the face of a looming vaccine) or high valuations aren’t going to change that. The sooner you idiots understand that, the sooner you’ll stop bleeding money and actually make GOOD autistic yolos.
Seriously though. Good news related to COVID19 (Vaccine news) brought down Nasdaq down 350$ in a matter of minutes (remember we were mooning to 12500 almost premarket)

Now bad news related to COVID19 should logically bring up NASDAQ? One would think..

But no. Dow Jones will drill and take NASDAQ with it. No matter what happens. NASDAQ drills.. Don't downvote me. I'm bagholding 230 strice MSFT calls expiring Feb 18th
Solos products suck. They have the little 1 man car that's in production and might do OK, but their other 2 concept cars have terrible range. 

$50k for a car with 250m range, or $124.5k for a car with 155m range?? lmao. For comparison a tesla model 3 is $40k for 260m range and for $46k that goes to 360m

Buy them if you want but I think they're going to have a rough time competing, fuck man even the Ford E-mustang is cheaper
You guys know that NIO doesn’t even own a factory and the only thing that the company does is marketing? I would get the hell out of that stock before it’s too late. Btw nice returns!
On the downside, I'm 50% of the volume on this today, so the MM is going to do me without vaseline on the exit
Every successful couple on a dating app I see is fat and ugly muahahahahah DUMP EEET PLEZ
 Look at me, I'm your son now!
Probably he disclosed the info to buy back shares...
Then negative, then positive....then negative again.
Yall better pray markets open red or i’m downvoting the fuck outta yall!! 🖕🏻🖕🖕🏽
Sir, this is a casino.
hopefully for u tards still in it
nio already hit 50.30 in premarket now lol
a couple of months ago would do it
cold
Got a friend that works on their film sets in props, they started up filming again last month. Disney world reopened and Disneyland about to open its shopping district. Not to mention Disney +.
Disney's inside motto/goal is, "to be the most profitable company in the world".
Don't fuck with the mouse
the dildos grow on Fridays
Anyone going all in on PLTR?
[removed]
Shit you’re right
[deleted]
If you wanna share with me, I'll gladly help you yolo it :D
That's what I like to hear
No wonder ur boyfriend looks at other women😴
Markets near ath, covid cases 150k in a day, stay at home orders for states, SPY volume been weak... I wanna buy puts for next week but I feel that’s too obvious so I will inverse but they might expect that so i will inverse my inverse 🤔
Aw bummer. Well if you need a heist guy, I'm free until the unemployment runs out.
Absolutely nothing, pahmpeeeeet
It will
Holy shit Tesla puts loaded up, Musk just tested positive.
Assuming it’ll be 200 and assuming you’ll diamond hand it. 40=160 intrinsic 50=150 so get the lowest you can afford
BABA is going to moon today because I have spoken
Howso?
The put costs 1.2 euro right now (that's like 1.3 dollaridoos). It's trading around 91, and it spiked last week from 80. Any type of pullback or correction, option will be worth 5+.
What do you want us to do with this
u/SaveThisVideo
A national treasure
In other words, this is the new normal.. go get them tendies
Nope but its the next amzn!
ban
[deleted]
Pre
My anus kinda looks like your lips now that I look at it
Tf are you doing on this sub? Judging by your comment history, you're poor.
i vote me first
I don't know what a CS is captain.
[deleted]
is it mooning?
If you're assuming it's gonna be 200 by 2023, IMO you should sell your ITM leaps and just buy the furthest OTM leaps you can. You're prepared to take the risk because you are already thinking it's gonna shoot up anyway!
1)Don’t listen to anyone on this sub.       
2) Wait until you learn how rotations and swings work before you get into options.        
3) if you’re going to sell an option, selling at open can be the most profitable when you hit major swings even if it goes up .50 from open just because of volatility.        
4) Dont listen to anyone on this sub and only buy stock when buying shares on hype stock because in most cases you can buy 10 shares for 1/2 the risk, but endless time limit when compared to weeklies or you can buy 33 shares compared to highly volatile monthlies. Always consider risk reward.       
5) always set an expectation that you expect a stock to meet by a certain time and undershoot that price by 10%. If it isn’t slightly itm with 40% IV or less it’s not worth buying(sure you can win but there are always better charts to buy in on).        
Options are for day trading and hedging against yourself, not for long positions unless it is a dirt cheap position(look at all the idiots who were panicking over Apple but have since calmed down) always try to pull profits at +100% and keep a little bit in the game as “house money.” Sometimes you will regret not leaving it all in, but when you sell out at the right time you will feel justified in your sell out, and you can always trickle sell your options as it becomes more and more profitable.          
6) for some reason options are cheapest(based on IV and gap in ITM options to price) around 1:30ET and 2:30 ET.
Think of it this way, at least you made money so now you can take that girl you been seeing, who KINDA technically is your cousin but she's from the part of the family no one ever talks about so it's cool, to an all inclusive dinner at Wendy's.
Freddy the CEO has been RIP for a while though
RIP stonks
Moderna  vaccine news out we up  (might hold for a day or 2) then we drop till Jan February
[deleted]
Beyond meat is the future!
Did you buy them at $10? Just wondering
I asked your mom the same
Can't tell anymore if DD or trolling
The north remembers
idk man, lock downs have been rolling out but we keep pumping
[deleted]
130 next
Sounds like buy puts with extra steps
[deleted]
The second is much better if you liked the first
[deleted]
That itself warranted the post. 69.
[deleted]
Take your profit. Wait for earnings dip and get another leap
Jesus christ what kind of 19 year old has 40 thousand dollars to spare. Sometimes I feel i really missed out not being born in murica..here in india your salary after an engineering degree is 4000 dollars/year. $40K is more than what my family will make in 8 years.
Sucks to be a third worlder.
If markets are still green by open i will go on a... DOWNVOTING SPREEE!!! 🥳🥳🥳🥳
[deleted]
Big if indeed, and could also be a false breakout leading to an island reversal, but you can bet that if it manages to breakout to ATH, it's gonna be jungle green for a few days at least and I don't wanna miss that lol
Or the beginning
Did you hear the story of when the CEO of Heineken was kidnapped and ransomed? He was chosen specifically because he would be cool under pressure. Shoot me a PM if you want to assemble another team.
Man I'm hoping like hell these pajama markets give me a do-over of yesterday.. I can make same moves again and still lose 🤭
Reposted so many times.
Envy are better
45ish bullish in thes QE era!
[deleted]
He could buy butterfly spread with that kind of money

I can only afford margarine...
Started w 1m. The chart is since inception. 

Well. When you are down right from the start u don’t think about wins as gains. Just trying to claw out of a deep hole. 

The recovery this year came about by watching the Chinese markets during covid. I saw how serious it was over there, how the market tanked and then recovered via government intervention. US markets was late by a month to react. So just shorted the hell out of it, wait for it to happen and flip back long at the lows. Easiest trade in my life since it was an exact repeat of the Chinese markets. 

I don’t usually remember my gains, only my losses. My biggest loss is when I dropped 4m in a trade in a different trading account by taking on massive leverage and rolling unrealized gains into bigger and bigger positions. Granted most of that is unrealized profits. That was during the run up and bust of the Chinese equity markets in 2015 (go check out the chart). I have since closed that account. 

Older and unemployed now so punting a bit more “conservatively”.
Shut the fuck up, gaylord.
[deleted]
Higher risk higher reward
Not to be THAT guy, but it was not overvalued until now. We were waiting for a huge gap up with strong close. 

If it opens red today, it's a go for a short. Typical behavior. It will not go to -99% obviously but 30-80% loss in 5 days would be normal.
It’s possible that we are in a completely fraudulent market.
Lazy DD.
I don't think it'll drop that low after earnings but I can see in the mid-high 30s if it passes $50 before ER or low $40s if we have a pull back to $45 and maintain that going into Tuesday.
Given the uncertainty, if you’re at a decent gain. Gotta pull them out.

Can’t risk it over the weekend with gains at stake
Tip #1: Read the posting rules.
Biden kinda look like my ball sack now that I look at it
If I have NIO $40 2023 leaps, is it better to roll them out to $50 or higher leaps?  Or just hold my $40 leaps?  What wwill make me more money, my assumption being they will be $200 by 2023.
Maybe that's what I'm doing wrong.. down is up in 2020
dix still under 45 

thats not bullish at all
Calls or stocks?
Thank you for the chuckle at the irony of your comment.
ye they'll proly hit $200 next year

i guess they just fired half their employees to keep earnings stable
now just wait, wait and wait it out until spy takes its little shits then buy calls a month out at least and ride, poop waves up.. that's what i would do
No, I didn’t want to wake him from nap time.
Forgot to say yeah I'm selling weeklies right now. Since I'm doing it with immediate weekly income in mind, I'm not at the point of having actual investment savings in mind, but once I am at the point I can invest with capital that is separate from the direct income, I would be buying shares, LEAPS and selling covered calls against the LEAPS.
https://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/jt29fp/passenger_on_first_caribbean_cruise_in_months/
Why
found the deflated air mattress with feelings
[deleted]
What's"cash out"? Thought that was when the account says zero. There's also a bonus round where the numbers drop below zero and start being bigger numbers again.
The charger to come in the box
A miracle and have mango confirmed in office
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just finished first season of succession, show is brilliant
And Obama took it like a good boy. I expect Ole Joe to do the same. Asian Elon gotta make us them tendies somehow
After years of equity, futures, and leap options trading, I've finally devolved enough to enter a YOLO -

 Heineken put @90 expiring next Friday.
They 100% could solve ALL of our economic pain but they choose not to. It’s totally possible to eliminate like 90% of Americas pain but our politicians are paid a shit ton of money to not change the system (which would hurt their profits). So our elected leaders do NOTHING. we did basically zero compared to any European country, look at Europe. In Germany, they guarunteed all wages and no one got fired. We just gave 4+ trillion to large corporations but can’t spend alittle on the people? 

What do you mean “I don’t think the gov can give any more unemployment?”
Because censoring your vocabulary to avoid offending someone with extra chromosomes is retarded.
Live with mom, bear life. I rest my case boys. Just buy calls
Imagine if they had ever seriously gotten into the EV market like people thought a few years ago 👀
A-lemon-y lot
Probably not but there's no situation in which a corporation is also a (undemocratic) government that ends well.

What's to stop them from signing people up on a lucrative contract to go and work there then as soon as they land, voiding that contract and paying them slave wages?
my puts hope so
Uh all of them...
This is the way
Give it up Russel, nobody wants your $10million market cap trash. This isn't a fucking yard sale, blue chips and Chinese companies only you small dick fuck
Fr?
GRANDPA I HATE YOU
i think they release at 4am EST like XPEV? They have CC at 8AM EST
Got it, thank you very much
This guy does not fucks
8AM EST
Why the fuck do I live with my mom
Why the fuck did I wake up 6 hours before market open
Why the fuck are futures rising
Why the fuck was I born into this gay bear life
Why the fuck are my little brothers so fucking gay and loud
I want to get fake positive test so I can stay home and eat tendies.
No more hero act for me.
ban.
DUMMMMPPP EEETT
Ban
Mayweather
just be like those locked down in manila. stay inside and dont eat. its for your safety
[removed]
R*tard!
Why mess with qqq when they are literally telling you what’s going to go down every press conference
Media services is most their revenue now. They have over a third of Netflix customers in less than a year. Mind you last earnings was dog shit abysmal and the stock price went up 10 bucks the next day.

I think the forward guidance is that once the pandemic is over, Disney will probably be worth alot more. Cooked books or not, this virus should've decimated a company like Disney. But here they are. I know, nothing makes sense this year. Why I got calls. I'll still probably lose.
cringe

BAN
A less honest man would delete his post in shame. 

Sometimes, It's tough being this retarded...
They can literally print money, bro
Aren't you supposed to buy puts for your calls? 🤣
bro the short squeeze is done lmfaooo what did you think the rally to 15 was.
I mean I'm still shitting my pantalones. I've had to redefine my trading strategy like twice this past couple years.
if that breaks out dude.... dude...
What would it take to get Apple to 160 in 2 years
MFs x CLUB dnxjdjdkeoekdkxk DD
[deleted]
Beautiful 2020 in a nutshell
The number of retards around here that think they’re called “stocks” and not shares blows my dining mind. You even wrote “/share” when you gave the price. You want to know why it’s called price per share?
if you use Business Insider, they have a live recurring market update from other markets. 

For example, if I wanna see NIO's price is doing across all market schemes, it'll show the updated version of the converted global market average in USD. At least that's my understanding.

https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/nio-stock
Lockdown is important! Left throws money couse its the lord and savior
boom boom BABA easy money
did u say hello to biden while u were at the graveyard?
What time does Li report earnings
Today should be epic
[deleted]
same man
😂😂😂
[deleted]
Done to death /sarc off
I'm in Southwest Ohio. I've been poor all my life, and last year I made $17/hr, but this year I got a raise to $20/hr, but I got "permanently furloughed" from my job earlier this year. I am a lower earning demographic compared to the rest of this sub, but just this year I've finally been able to become completely debt-free and allow my capital to start doing some work for me whereas all my life I've been making sub-$14/hr. The idea of making $50,000/yr off of passive income and any further work enhancing the passive earning potential sounds like salvation to me. I'd love to simply pursue my hobbies without the grind of a dayjob taking the majority of the day. I know that's a different goal than most here, but saving money to more securely enable maximum free time is my goal and I get passionate at the thought of others breaking free from the American grind. Lol thanks for listening.
Greg?
"Wow you're really roasting me good" an actual quote from YisforYeezy when he was being spit roasted by his dad and boyfriend. I don't  think the WSB has ever seen anything so undeniably gay.
니나가
What did Trump said to biden?


Pardon me, sir!
Tell me more
Big uppies
Imagine you showed a trader from a year ago the news from today and told them ya were hovering around ath and futures are mooning. They’d shit in their pantalones
If I could buy puts on my calls then I’d be rich
Wow so edgy
What are the catalysts for Apple to reach 160
28 lmao
Name best lockdown proof tech.
"You have a high school at most and it’s showing."

This isn't TMC boomer, we make money off Elon without sucking his cock like he's anything more than a glorified con man trying to play the Young Sheldon angle while actual autists do all the work
Nice
Who’s Joe
fake 50.39
Any thoughts on SPCE?
NIO isn't on the 31 company ban list. Neither is BABA
[deleted]
[deleted]
Joe remembers the disrespect China showed to Obama!
[deleted]
🖤
I don't think they will legalize murder on Mars
Where do I check stock in other markets?
I just spent 5 minutes yelling at my grandad for voting for Biden... after that I left the cemetery and ordered some tendies at the McDo
You can talk to me about it if you’d like
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ink-gravity the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mama mia
[deleted]
Idjit
Nope
Yurrr
Big down
What's the 50 day moving average right now?
[deleted]
13M subscribers to DIS+  
Fire workers

Easy. 

I'm just pissed they only gained 5% this is a joke. That stock should atleast be 150.  
They added fucking 20M paid subscribers. Netflix have 200M TOTAL. So since Disney have a much better business model than Netflix, they should atleast gain 20-30B in value by that move alone.
Old guy here, it'll catch up with you.
Keep your head up! We all been there. Part of the game sadly.
.69 

NICE
Here we go, shitty fucking trash small cap companies mooning again, right after covid case on the first ever cruise since lockdown. Good job MMs, you fucking retard crooks
Nah ... yall short LOL
You got me in the first half, not gonna lie.
This second sell of will happen because of the second more deadlier wave of corona.
Does a bear shit in the woods?
[deleted]
C’était pas du tout mal pour nous et toi?
NIO broke 50 in Europe
https://twitter.com/AP/status/1327164600303972352?s=19

Mango gonna be in shambles tomorrow. Big red day tomorrow and then a crash once lockdowns are announced soon. UVXY time to shine
You mean Ted from Bill and Ted's excellent adventure?
you are going to lose a lot of money
cuz we both lost stupid amounts of money
Nio at $50.04 retards
Are you shorting China EV then?
I love the Zombies
means tech is the new value
#REV UP THAT PRINTER
Damn, I just hate the market at this ATH price level. On one hand, I don't want to get caught butt naked like on Sep 2, but on the other, I don't want to be a retard that misses a potential breakout like in July, giving way to one of the green weeks ever
Sail is on a boat
You got this, fam.
Sold mine today literally 5 minutes before it started dumping.  Then it regained everything again.  Oh well.
SOMEONE WENT FULL RETARDED
[deleted]
They don't show those things in the US.  It's like there's literally a plague blackout at the news stations.
Only one more trading day remaining then it's the weekend again. Ugh
dump eet
All I want is Tesla tech in a Fisker body
damn
Yes buy the dip till it stops dipping
Grindr
I have no toes
wait till you see JD. Chinese tech is on FIRE
Tis was never tight when u get reamed so many times.
what are we thinking today boys? Uppies? Downies?
Central time zone here
we better not fucking get locked down
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol
jeez louise,
[deleted]
many are.. shitty year here
For the bears here, blnk is going down
Your social credit score has dropped
Witness NIO hit 50 now!
Tequila
[deleted]
BABA did +1.58% in Hong slong! green day it is
The company is so profitable they can’t spend the money they’re making fast enough. What’s a billion in buy backs when they’re printing money?
59 or 60. Wouldn't mind making 4-5K a week running a wheel
Printer man is the economy now
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ink-gravity the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
shit post. RKT at 22, if you played this option you are losing lots of money, options are for idiots
would you consider yoloing some 0DTE calls at open and see if it gaps up in the morning?
No
I have a real life friend that turned 1m to 200-300m punting on the markets. He did this by continuously doubling down with his unrealized profits for a few months. 

7 years later, this past month, I just heard from another acquaintance that he lost most of his fortune. 

Still, during that time he was rolling in Bentleys, picking up C list actresses and models... Living the life.
[deleted]
Anyone riding DKNG up before ER?
Sure fucking right
Cash gang
FRIDAY THE 13TH

# 🐻
You mean SPY 300 is a thing of the past? I can get behind that
Bullish for tech
> I refuse to believe a man who could land a rocket on a moving ship in the middle of the ocean in the same era he also makes cars drive themselves can be this ignorant about basic medicine

Technically he didn't do any of that himself, he just paid a bunch of engineers to do those things for him
Its the time of the season!
This is my life at the moment...Whenever I buy, it goes the complete opposite direction...Cannot catch a damn break 😂
LU
What does that mean doe
Joe
I know how this works. I’ll go ahead and sell all my NIO and buy RKT calls. Thanks!
Literally all of us
time to short nvidia and go all in on amd. you shoulda seen what they did to intel. I think nvidia is next, but they won't go down nearly as easily.
No, but if you’re going to do the shit do the real shit.
Yes
vix is getting obliterated...can we still have falling stock prices and falling vix?
Also I started again on WeBull with another 1k. I’m not giving up. I could lose some more😂
It's a rough year. If you need to talk, shoot a message.
#The Covid-19 pandemic brought the economy to a screeching halt, and while it has started its long road to recovery, the economy we knew is probably a thing of the past, said Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell on Thursday.
spy calls or bust
Hold through weekend?
I’ve just been consistently buying spce calls and selling them the next day for profit for like 3 months. You can’t make this shit up
Best I can do is a golden shower.
september 4 was a sad day indeeed
👻 🐻
[deleted]
The way he banned tiktok?
[deleted]
i wud cry
NBA is coming back soon dw
Why the fuck am I still awake
Lockdowns lockdowns lockdowns!!! KEEP BUYING CALLS AND WE GO UPPIES FOREVER
Yup a well thought out argument to hold that makes sense. Definitely time to sell
Nvidia calls. The September dip robbed me
Personally holding a 1/21/22 $10c, bought at 3.30 and over 700, was almost at 900 at open!
This shit is gonna print
Gaps up, little drop, quick pump, dump, dump, dump, rebound starts at 1pm.  Taking a stab at trading patterns is the only way to bear anymore.
yeah i made about 200k the last few months in total. blessed. where do you live where you only consume 30,000 a year?
It has to dump hard then
You didn't hear the news about kind stranger?
I sold my May 20c at open yesterday, was up 80% before the drop. Looking to get back into some LEAPS in the next few days.
Earnings already gone buddy
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Enjoy, you fucks.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtd5lf
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtd5lf) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Sevro_andthe_howlers, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Sevro_andthe_howlers
Thebush121
Nice try JP Morgan
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
link please.
Not
he is probably already vaccinated
SNDL - get you some cheap pot stocks (0.28), earnings today.
Oh hold, I'm getting breaking news.. I'm being told your penis is also small. That would explain why you're so gay.
[deleted]
I had limit order on nio calls for 0.19 than they went to 4.00 each that fucking post is on me I guess
u can become the master of your own circumstances
Vagin
can you give me half (the power of asking)
First off my plans don't necessarily have to be your plans. I'd like to think of it more as a fallback plan. A baseline. If I could be a total bum and still make $50,000/yr doing nothing, that would be perfectly fine for me. That means I could pursue whatever I wanted and if that didn't work out, oh boo hoo I still make $50,000/yr! It's like a base camp I could retreat to. For my personal goals I'd still only actually consume about $30,000/yr of the $50,000 income, so I'd still be saving $10-15,000/yr which would either feed the passive income or be consumed pursuing other entrepreneurial goals. For you, if you really made like $150,000 or something like that recently, dude turn that into a free $70,000/yr for the rest of your life and whatever other income you earn can be used for further expansion, but if literally everything else goes to shit, you always have $70,000/yr to fall back on.
Only retards think it's not cool being up 2000%+ by buying shares instead of options. That's why we call you retards. Tendies are tendies regardless, retards.
Aren't we all, lol.
Cmon I just need one more day of NIO mooning and then it can correct back to it's 50-day moving average. And then we can all buy more calls!
Some of the episodes are hit or miss. Overall pretty good.
[deleted]
remember remember friday the 13th of november
markets gonna fucking overreact to this sort of news
87 is my PT by the end of this month before I get out. Good luck
Yeah lol coursera is a beast lol they are market leaders in a fucking huge market😂 I wish I could buy coursera lol
its 3am and youre refreshing as fast as possible to reply to a reddit man who called you out on your poser like shit. replying multiple times to the same comment because your heart is broken. jesus im so sorry, didn't know how fragile you were, guess i really struck a chord. ill stop replying because im pretty sure im just enabling you. you can go ahead and reply to your hearts desire but i promise i wont reply!

xoxo ❤️
What are xpeng and Nio doing today? Should I hold through the weekend?
NIO puts at open, ty ty
Musk is genius in his field but he knows shit abt covid!
Pm me man, I’ll listen
social fomo. all launch consoles are the same. kewl for a few weeks but games don't come out for another year.
It does and it doesn't. I looked into them properly at the time and they were at the brink of bankruptcy, I don't think I would do much different if I'd have to choose today.
If you idiots had 3000 shares of NIO, what strike would you sell calls at next week to get the most premium but also be OTM enough to not get your shares called. thx.
I think you missed Monday and Tuesday this week lol.
[deleted]
fuck disney earnings 

how are they losing so little money

their parks are still closed arent they?  
is jon favreau carrying them that hard?
Ok George
Why?
No voodoo pls
Pink lady makes the Best Apple
What's up nahog99.
[deleted]
Yep. Spot on, gotta pay 90%, you win, I can’t handle the overwhelming autism in here
You are too autistic for this sub
[deleted]
Lol remember soyo and IQ? Exactly ... ride the wave bitches
[deleted]
Shit dawg, straight facts.
ur sayin tht at 330 am when shit reverses a whole % in literally 1.5 mins
AWS, Azure and Google Cloud convert all their systems to use AMD CPUs.
I loaded up on shares too. The last funding round on coursera was 3.5 billion. Severely underpriced.

Listen to the last earnings call - really good management in place now in comparison to the company a couple years ago.
So true, each day has its own vibe
Off topic: I’m really struggling with life at the moment.

Edit: Thanks retards, I really appreciate you guys.
[removed]
Looks like it’s a green Friday
[deleted]
IT IS and we cant lie eather, our depots go Up till 15:30(ger)  everyday then you retards Wake up and everything goes red, but maybe thats because we dont have that much of an orange as leaders.
ahhh makes sense lowkey
Not true.
Gold please kind stranger!
[deleted]
Sounds like it kinda
only if you were going to do a much longer date.

You need to at least do a month out.
Well at least you picked one that likely won’t fuck you. You got that going for ya.
UPS 175c 11/20
Lmao bro take a Xanax or something. Your whole comment history is filled with angry WSB comments
shits gonna tank so hard, back to 30s this week

&#x200B;

next week\*
0.6% green after being down .4% ok lol
>Chinese EV meme stonks into?

 Chinese EV meme stonks
This is the gayest and whitest song I've heard in my life. I hate that it's easy for this song to get stuck in my head for some reason.
Ah sorry lol always surprise to meet a girl in this forum 😂 what r u thinking about
 Playing?
It's been a disconnection from others for me
look i didn't mean to hurt you. we can be friends
How is he denying science?
decks / porches are expensive too.  Everything is these days
Can confirm. Been playing the 3x depression etf for 5+ years. Them bad boys printtt
Repeat of September 4th tomorrow. Same bullshit setup.
cash
[deleted]
What was his name
did u ever think that some of ur bad actions are responsible for ur depression and not just the gamblin neither
I only know what 1 of those 4 are
[deleted]
Is it too late to enter?
I bought SOLO three month ago because EV tendies. Went up today, I decided to check their product offering.....

I'm selling tomorrow
[deleted]
[removed]
You’re welcome, come again!
porn
Maybe console selling figures?
Or to be more precise, covid has him? Or is that just Chuck Norris who the covid has?
You mean the 11 green days in a row?
Stonks!
literally an argument against nio
Well Jupiter is the planet with the most moons so it's still technically mooning.
I actually thinking about dropping a big amount in shares of ssss you think they have a good future? I like coursera
visons of grandeur.

time for a break my brother. sell and take a month off.
You got scammed. I know a guy that does em for $50
u could still do that now. don't, but like, technically you could
[removed]
oof youre really insecure. didnt mean to hurt your feelings. sorry bud!
[deleted]
Lol get used to it.
I meant at retail. Thank you for your service
DIX disagrees
Jesus christ, i used to own 2900 shares at 7 bucks. its been a rough six months
JMIA 125 in Niger 🇳🇪
Puts on life. Calls on depression. Easy money!
Just got laid AND own PLTR shares ama
From 1 to 100 there buddy. 1 to 100.
NIO almost 50 in Europe CMON puuuushhh
See you Space Cowboy...
Rest of world being red makes me suspicious...

Especiially because investment funds often buy futures to hedge big short positions

aka futes are fake and gay today is finna be another bull trap
tell me you're kidding
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I was just letting you know it wasn’t impossible to buy one lol
For now, just keep buying this dip and get the basis down.  $15 wont be the top for long.
Must be a different place, article said Naples
oh you mean justin bieber? nah he's a little different now lol
BA 240 in Uzbekistan!
I forgot how good Fleetwood Mac's Rumours album is.  If I was alive and listening to music in 1977 I would have done heroin and listen to this album non stop.
Hi back after the remind me
If Li auto gets a good ER, forget about moons, all EVs gonna go straight to Jupiter.
Thank you for your service
What stock sells masks?
No I still have $10K in 10c 12/18 calls, I actually don’t have any PLTR calls all SSSS who own 4.6 million shares of pltr
Why would I pay twice as much? I have Wall Street to bet on
why you want one? just for exclusives?
so the plan is to eventually just play theta and live off the earnings? You would never gain any more wealth than would you?
do you sell weeklies or longer out
Googled it, Anime. Any good?
Fair point, i think that nobody is saying physical games will sell more than digital games, or that physical game sales will increase.

It's that physical games is still a huge (although decreasing % wise of total game sales) market. And the overall increase in the market size \*could\* help flatten the decreasing physical game sales in terms of net revenue. 

In 2019, global video game sales were 150 billion USD. Sony/EA and various other publishers all claim in 2019 [roughly half of game sales were still physical](https://www.ccn.com/playstation-4-digital-game-sales-overtake-physical-thats-a-first/). Keep in mind things like slow internet speed, data caps, etc will retain a core user base of physical games. In so many huge markets it's still not practical to buy digital games unless you're cool with waiting literally 7 days for your 150GB game to download. I feel like the stock has been beaten as if physical game sales will go to 0%, where realistically i think there is a huge multi-billion niche market which will remain.

&#x200B;

Also - they sell way more than just consoles/games and are also getting into PC gaming (hardware/components/accessories) which is another huge new multi billion dollar market for them.

Who knows though, i'm probably totally wrong and about to lose my $$$
Feeling broke
Red is the new green man
cuz they spending all on our stonks
Then it reverses in a hurry like SE. Net result= stocks only go up
HULK came into the house
Ahh u get tired off ssss?😂
What the fuck is cowboy bepop
[deleted]
I was hired as a bookkeeper at a small, growing business but the job turned into a general data management position as it expanded. I was already a little jaded with the employee life and decided enough was enough once I had enough money saved. Now I'm living off my theta plays and scheming my next move, which sounds glorious, but honestly here soon I'll probably get another job to feed more capital into the scheme until I'm making $2k/wk on thetagang.
its a strange land
damn, never thought I’d see someone dropping wisdom in this sub
32,000 but yeah, good oak cabinets custom built are not cheap
[deleted]
The sentiment is... you're gay!
Rapid tests are unreliable, he’s got the rona and is using his social media following to sow more doubt into the retarded deniers
SPY put holders how we feeling
Pay resell 🤑
rest of world mostly red...interesting
okies.....*runs home*
how fucking retarded do you have to be to even consider such possibility? At his age, he has a higher chance of dying of flu than covid.
5 bucks a month
Except a 3% drawdown on a 1 million fortfolio is $30,000 but a 75% drawdown on a $100 call is $75. Yeah, I would be also chill on a 75 loss but not on a 30,000.
Idk, very unusual for it to stay at 120 levels.
r/smallstreetbets
damn, its like market waits for me to sell, then moons, sorry i caused this week's pain boys
[deleted]
o
[deleted]
M4 was like 2-3 rounds lol
FOOL ME THREE TIMES FUCK THE PEACE SIGN LOAD THE CHOPPER LET IT RAIN ON YOU
Sony had like 10 years to produce enough PS5s. I get that being exclusive is a marketing tactic but it still pisses me off that it’s impossible to buy one!
Can't tell whos gonna be better. Joe or Bush
Gracias señor
Retarded NIO strength
red is green in europe
And yet again I swore myself to not buy fds anymore.

Anyways: 15x SPY $355C 11/13
Mm I am actually not sure I just liked because I joked about 0dte lol I think puts might be better then calls today but who the fuck knows lol whatever you decide bro good luck and I hope u print 👍
Nio is the chosen one
might open up a TSLA position tomorrow if the scare drives stock down. They've been on a mini slump recently while Chinese EV throbbing
> Not nearly as often as false negatives. Puts on your IQ

It really depends on how the test is designed, sometimes it's preferable to have false negatives and sometimes false positives. For example if you're detecting something deadly like HIV you want 100% detection with false positives.  

If you're detecting something like pregnancy a false negative might be preferable, so you structure the test to be less sensitive so any time a person sees a positive result it is a real positive and not a false hope.

Antigen have false positive, molecular have false negative if your viral load isn't high enough.
Don’t forget certain blood types are more resistant.

I don’t agree with the racehorse theory of good genes, but certain blood types are more adventitious in different circumstances.

It’s basically like Rock Paper Scissors. 

Unless donald is implying his race has been harvested for years over years into confusion, I mean perfection, then he’s a mortal piece of human flesh. Minus the humble humanity.
They ran out of stock for one day, quickly restocked
Calls on depression
I've heard he's taken a few different tests and gotten positive and negative
PTON
i miss the days where that was the most retarded shit our politicians said
Guys can I talk to you about our lord and saviour Nio?
I hate all these green dildos playing with my feelings
tesla is now a boomer stock cuz of this chinese shit. ban it
we have red apples and green apples here
PLTR
when ask about his symptoms he said he has a cold...
what if mine in total is somewhere north of 25 grand?
What lol? France red Italy red Germany red England red Netherlands red😂
Do some DD and make the damn post instead of shitting up the sub with ridiculous questions.
I admire you optimism. I can only hope it gets close to 100 in a month.
Already priced in / slow moves / I’m here to make 10,000% in a day
I give it $52 max tomorrow
how was the 2nd world war for ya?
Child support?
wait, 36k on cabinets?
Happy Cake Day, Li earnings and XPev momentum pushing NIO over 50
#somebody told me that you had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend
Not that I'm going to sell my AMD shares, but what's the catalyst the markets looking for to make it jump 90+, please tell me so I can make it happen
I have no reason to lie. Obviously I don’t an exact count. But I would say that 10%-15% of the calls made went something like this. Can’t tell you why or what it means, if anything. But it’s not a lie or an outlier. I made around 1,000 calls, probably more, all around the state I live in.
currently have 49k in stocks and 1k in cash, should I get 100% margin? what are the typical fees?
For this subreddit of course
Want my avg cost to be $1 lol
Nio confirmed for Tesla
cant lie, their shit is red so I have no idea what you're talking about
Reminds me of the girl in red EXACTLY!
I’m just stoked on zombies tbh
Fucking this. I might have been late but people told me I missed the train for coming in at 25. Now who's getting a new snake enclosure? Don't let pussies dissuade you OP
[deleted]
Not to mention the gem of a tweet he threw out about "at this rate CoviD gone by April".

Fuck him. Poetic justice.
🇫🇷
it's called Napoli
[deleted]
why not?
Sure you can always try to time it right, but bear markets usually last more than a couple weeks(we’ve been in a 3 week bleed/bear market). Anyone who was here back in 2013 knows that bear markets can last for months or even almost a full year. If you’re going to buy options you might as well buy June or dec 2021 puts. PowPow doesn’t leave the federal reserve until next August at the earliest.  By buying dated bonds you can at least work the market moment and sell out before theta starts to eat you.
There's an old saying in Tennessee. I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee, that says, fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me, you can't get fooled again.
speak american fuck head
new cabinets lol
Dangg what happened
IDGAF
putin did what?
Will buy it today. Wouldnt mind finding MW somewhere as well.
You donkey dont believe in what you invest. If you hold your stock for at least 1 year you would be rich donkey. Lesson learned i hope. Holding for 1 year should be the minimum if you call yourself an investor..
Doesn’t this happen like every other ~~day~~ hour out there in Florida? I’ve seen videos of that fella in the past
It's only right that you should trade the way you feel it
[deleted]
Anyone see the hospital vid from Naples Italy? Holy shit winter is going to be crazy
Ive said all week sell the day before earnings and buy the fucking dip after

Im feeling fucking great
[deleted]
Can Trump be a Canadian citizen now? You guys can take him
To sell he was trying to say I guess lol
viral load is too high imo
I got a 49c I may roll out to next week at open
[deleted]
Someone? You gonna post a position or just a chart lmao
Apple is green in Europe wtf.
bro youre like 14 at most. just because you stole daddy's iphone and are on his rh does not make you a day trader. sit back down 🤡🤡🤡🤡
I’m right at home here
open up america now!
NIO flirting with 50 pre-market
big balls big gains
Better than mw or
1 episode left of cowboy bepop. Wish me luck boys
Can’t lie, the bullish strength in the European markets is some next level shit
[deleted]
Only if they 0te lol
Another one
stoked to buy more shares dawg
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol man sometimes I miss my coke days so bad 🤦🏻‍♂️😩
waiting for the dump to buy more
Yeah thats what I was thinking. the pc is an Xmas gift so I don't have all the time to wait. Is the 2080 super noticeably better than 5700? Is it worth the extra money?
Elon has covid lol
Breaking through to ath gg puts
sooo true!
Phonetically, it is pronounced KNEE-YO.

SOURCE: I've been to the showroom in Shanghai
[deleted]
Hes playing dumb. I refuse to believe a man who could land a rocket on a moving ship in the middle of the ocean in the same era he also makes cars drive themselves can be this ignorant about basic medicine
[deleted]
Putain utilise Google je vais pas t’aider mdr
It's easy, just wait until tomorrow and check prices!
Nvda
**JIM CRAMER: WE GOT TOO MANY BULLS! ITS GOING DOWN!**

WSB: Oh thank god, this shits gonna moon.
[deleted]
I was directly calling people who had tested positive. Access to the state software and everything. I probably made 20 calls a day. Out of those I would say maybe 2 or 3 out of the 20 would tell me something along these lines. However, this was April-the end of August. I also get tested about every other week and have been negative every time
PLTR boys, you ok?
[deleted]
A fuckload of idiots*


Perfect for pumps and dumps.
zimbabwe
bro why dont you become owner of this sub with your expert wisdom and trading expertise??? 🇺🇸
Elon dying would be the end of TSLA.
Yeah fr i dont know anyone thats tested both positive and negative in any period without actually having covid for some of it

Of course it happens. But its not common. Elons always pushing covid is a nothingburger narrative
Stop with the what ifs
[deleted]
NIO....
Nahh should go back to 36 by next week lol
fucking gottem
Nobody talking about DKNG. Makes me feel great for tomorrow
Dumbass
I'm about to sell half my position now, since I bought 200 shares at $20. Essentially, if I sell, I keep 100 shares with house money.

Will I be posting how I sold 100 shares at $50 if this stock ever hits $100+…?
[deleted]
That too
between $0-100
Mind writing another while you're at it?
any nice earnings play for the run up next week?
It’s French...
[deleted]
what do you or did you do for work?

also i deleted the comment where i didnt understand because i read your comment 4 times and then i understood lol. enjoy the beer brother.
That’s definitely United Kinglish
what that even mean
1 percent is slaughter ?
he bought puts and wants a refund or something. hes very angry
Stocks?

Sir, this is a casino.
Pepperidge farm remembers
[removed]
on what
[deleted]
Try 150 retard
yea its whack how addicted this game has me, more than drugs
[deleted]
I'm waiting for cheaper shit to come out, need to save the money for gambling with
"me love robinhood but robinhood keep take me money amigo :("
Pretty sure the stipulation is April 15 has to fall on a weekend or holiday, and even if you file an automatic extension to file in October instead of April you should be paying 90% of expected tax or else you’d likely run into penalties.
You could always get a cheaper card for the time being then resell it once the new one comes out. Some depreciation in value, but not a total loss at least.
[deleted]
Also Asia is like 50-50😂🤦🏻‍♂️
well yeah i guess so. body and mind start degrading, but i guess youve got retirement to look forward to with age
oh you didn't get the meme.

They became eurochads and pump now  🤡
I literally have the same exact chart haha
Because people have a lot of faith in pltr, and it just dropped yesterday, meaning today it's cheaper and a good entry point. It's hard to predict exactly when pltr will spike, but we all know it's coming in. So buy a few months out
She must have an amazing personality
Can’t wait to meet up with the boys this weekend to do some lines.. been awhile since I got fucked off my ass
that guy obviously has some psychological issues

mods should flair a warning not to waste time with him
I got 12/18 110c doing rain dances for us brother
[deleted]
This is going to 62
There is no PDT rule in cash accounts
Sorry I had a little beer and the comment I responded to got deleted. To back up and summarize, I was making about $40,000/yr and saved up enough to sell puts at about 2%/wk to make $40,000/yr completely off of the put-selling activity. If you made double your salary, which I think was about $70,000/yr, you could safely make 1%/wk off of thetagang plays, which would equate to your salary every year, which would mean you could essentially stop working and maintain your current lifestyle completely from the capital from your current gains. I'm both envious of that and excited for you, if you choose to go that route. I'd feel bad if you had that opportunity and decided to risk it to chase further gains. I hope to continue to save my money and get to about $200,000 in liquid capital so that I can safely make $100,000/yr at 1%/wk gains so that I never have to work again and live a comfortable lifestyle.
Not even 2 call of duties if its an xbox S
I don't care, do you?
Lol you are truly fucking retarded.
I’m not worried my spy puts expire December 2 and November 20 I have time
I was looking at rx 5700 2080 super or just waiting and seeing if I can actually get the big navi at launch?
1660ti or 5600xt
Just being retarded over here going with my gut
Damn right, the american dream baby!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
bigly red at that
In the interest of transparency, here is my account:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtcf2q/dated_loss_porn_enjoy_17k_investing_bullshit56k/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

But I help my clients lower their tax liability by about a billion a year, which, if you go back over to r/accounting you will found out is wildly unimpressive.
[deleted]
Ps-- The real Mike Burry thinks the Orange man is going to win.
Bro, ima do you a solid as an ex junkie, DO NOT DO ANY OF THESE THINGS... 

Option 1: Contact any payday advance place, any short term loan companies. you'll pay up the ass in interest but hey fuck that shit. Never pay it back, go into collections offer them 30% of the total and they'll close it. 

Option 2: Go to T-Mobile, ATT, Verizon and take advantage of one of their new I-phone offers, while in the store list said phone on offerup, craigslist etc... Wait 2 weeks, then report the phones as stolen. Once again when the bill comes, yeet that bitch in the trash, cuz fuck them. 

Option 3: Sell your body

Option 4: Get a fucking job you BUM!
who the fuck gambles on a company called jumanji lmao get fucked
They ran out of holdings to see
[deleted]
thats ok. we all age. its normal! don't feel ashamed
NIO
Europe opened red my fellow autist
Tesla will go up retard. Just don’t buy weeklys moron
[deleted]
Did you forget to take your meds?
AHPI still seems to be an undiscovered gainer
Or fucking gravity? How the SEC hasn’t shut this BS company down is an absolute mystery to the one sane brain cell left in my head.
RECORD NUMBERS!
TESTING TOO MUCH!
FUTURES GREEN!

-	Trump
You can make 100k a week with 30k. This is how stonks work.
[removed]
yea wtf is this, america btter sell off at open lol
Yeah they were extra spicy gay for a while
im not in tech and feels the same
Relax and stop looking at futures guys.
You know what I’m talking about bby
the higher the cases the higher we moon
So naive, cute.
Literally a 1% down day is a slaughter for these smooth brains
Africa, Antarctica, Asia, Europe, South America and Australia all opened HARD green we are MOONING today, NIO $60 EOD!!!!
Won't senate just go "nah" anyway?
[deleted]
Don't worry, it'll moon. It's in the name.
No tendies for you
...it is
嘻嘻嘻嘻
That’s cause no one was interested in it until October
No one would ever trust an election again and they would question every election that has happened and the fabric of this country.
Let’s start a wsb riots. Retards Matter Now movement .
[deleted]
What's your price range? I'd say just go for the fastest and highest memory card you're willing to pay for.
I don't speak Spanish, care to translate?
she's sexy, smart, and cheap

check my history for posts on it
https://www.moneysupplier.ca/home

wait thats for Canada, just find the US version
[deleted]
I’m so happy they loosened the reigns and stopped giving out so many bans. Shits way more fun in here now
idk, [these](https://money.cnn.com/quote/forecast/forecast.html?symb=nio) boomers seem to think it will go quite a bit higher. personally I've got a quarter of my portfolio on nio shares. leaps may be good too but weeklies are gonna get burned, only a matter of time..
Fisker is a heap of horseshit. Their first "production" car was rebranded/sold off to the chinese (after a fuckton of recalls since it was built worse than a Lada) and now they're coming back with what? No production plans and a rebadged SUV? (Their plan is to use the expertise and production plants of a company called Magna, the manufacturer of the Jag I-Pace and some other BAIC Group SUV in China)
what slaughter
you mean the actor john wick?
As a full time tech dickrider the vaccine and following days have felt like a recession
friendly reminder futures have been green many many nights (like yesterday) only to fade throughout the day
means ur fraid
wrote a check for $32,000 today
why would u do that? just buy shares...
Or is it like “Nye Oh”. I haven’t decided yet so I just say whatever I feel like 🤷‍♂️
What are you doing right now? Owning the libs by crying on a gambling subreddit?
Backed up to a corner from losses? That’s like all of us bro we couldn’t help even if we wanted to
[removed]
[deleted]
never said which April
Pourquoi je fais toujours du mal à ceux que j’aime bien :(
Not from a thought any of us autists ever had this is WSB.
In his tin brain, yes
That barely-a-drop in March tells me these aren’t yolos, this guy counts cards in Vegas
youre using copium i guess? i mean probably watered down so you can afford rent but copium none the less
It's that time of night boys.  DOWNVOTE ME TO HELL.
went right because massive 40 point run had a lot of profit takers, reducing up pressure
why tf is euro not dumping?
He was probably told that the stock markets are a reflection of the economy
Nio doesn’t tank guys for past 3 months...
feels good we’re back to stonks only go up
NIO gonna bust
He also said we would have 0 Covid cases by April at the start of it, Musk doesn’t have the best track record for Covid
Dont think. Ever.
ahh. well you can't deny jo's sexyness i could barely resist it 😍😍😍
why?
Stocks only go up.
why PLTR?
I pronounce NIO like the guy from the Matrix
$1350 is a lot of 4 for 4s, nice
I’ll be happy as long as AMD is green tomorrow. Holding 11/20 $82 calls
was nice when the vaccine was announced, remember that?
I hate when my account flounders in the same 5k$ range for three months
Puts on Florida. Fuck this shit.

[https://nypost.com/2020/11/12/massive-gator-prowls-florida-golf-course-during-tropical-storm-eta/](https://nypost.com/2020/11/12/massive-gator-prowls-florida-golf-course-during-tropical-storm-eta/)
[deleted]
[deleted]
FUTU, Chinese Robinhood
Again bro, I can't tell if you're promoting your new book
Chaddaq just doing it’s thing
I need $4 to buy some nuggets from Wendy's.  Will pay you back with Burger King gift cards
I expect red senate, and I expect them to be very obstructive. Biggest risk is them refusing sufficient stim
With Elon getting the Rowna my lotto 20/11 280p might actually print
[deleted]
[deleted]
Y’all expecting a red day after that slaughter today? damn
Copium is cheap nowadays, you can probably afford it
Too early 😉
The next NIO is NIO. It’s not too late to hop on the train
If u can, I hope u do help him if hes genuine, also free 300 lol
Y’all expecting a red day after that slaughter today damn
Mods in shambles
Thought was to hold until the inevitable Biden confirmation. Sell the hopium for decriminalization then figure out my next move from there
When you market yourself as a winner these losers like to think they’re on the winning team and i think its obvious who i voted for.
The stock market is forward looking. With all that's going on with the election and the vaccine, 6 months from now is looking bright. 

Or everyone's an idiot. Either one
Link?
Man anybody know what gpu I should get for a gaming pc build? Trying not to get scalped too bad.
No I’m not saying he’ll live 4 years or even actually run in 4 years if he’s still alive and able to. I just said he’s going to announce he’s running. Just to siphon some more white trash maga money.
NIO $49.50 pre-premarket. My 50 calls gonna pay my mortgage 🥰
PLTR obviously
Uppp
PLTR
[removed]
Anyone who was here in March knows what a shocked market does. We saw SPY go from 340 to 220 in under 3 weeks.
So we turning this sub into wallstreetloans now?
I didn't make an assertion either way.  You did. What makes you think you have better info on which companies are tied to the Chinese military than the intelligence analysts that helped compile this list?:

https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN27T09E
Europe’s all like...ya we shut down...ya we’re fucked...but futures?....ya we’re buyin
Dare I say, he’s cringe and gay pilled?
Not gonna join on that one. I don’t see it taking off like our friends NIO, LI and XPEV. China is trying to mandate electric cars so it kind of forces them to make profit. The US is also much larger with not as built up and I see people being to scared to commit to something that you can’t fill up and go. 
I’ve also only been trading for a week so do the opposite of what I say.
Half of me wants to buy in to this console cycle bullshit. The other half goes, "what kind of fucking retard invests into a company that sells physical games in 2020?"
[deleted]
What?
dude there are plenty of cash advance providers online if you are ready to pay the interest, have a look
For the same reason you can't murder anyone on the ISS. Our laws our more human laws than specifically earthly ones. 

I honestly can't wait to hear his eulogy.
Obligatory; bers r fuk
I believe this post is referring to Tim *Apple
Nio
Burn the heretic
Leap for 2022– Holding this guy into oblivion
It's to protect you fuckers from yourselves. Who doesn't have $25K to trade? If you don't, then you shouldn't be trading.
[removed]
meme stock and a boost from CCP most likely
PSTH
Fucking criminal. I hope piece of shit propping this up will fucking die in pain.
So, Megan Markle, can I go back to helping random internet strangers with the tricks I learn at work from the rich?
a pi is the whole computer, $25 and you could hook it up to a TV and do your work.
stooks
What price range can you see this at in 6 months? Worth parking my money here over nio & xpev?
because you haven't been making enough? sounds like a poser
Retard
What’s the next NIO
should be allowed if you're not playing on margin then.
I'd prefer to see S&P drill, but as long as VIX picks up the slack I should be able to successfully hedge and profit.
Thwres a solo dealership near downtown Vancouver every now and then I see one, I can see it working in places like europe where the streets are narrow. They're way too small for north americans I saw one almost get run over by escalade. Could be good if they expand they're lineup I just know of the one seater model
Daylight savings time shit so they open at 2 central now
yo, y the fuck are we mooning?
He's now the same age as when he said Bernie was too old to run. Will he un-age in 4 years?
LI
I need one..link?
[deleted]
[removed]
Said Luckin Coffee
1k solo yolo
But Really Is It Just Me?
If you're gonna pay an annualized 100% + interest just go get a payday loan or some other shifty loan
;)
Watch it in the am
My license is very much valid and it looks quite nice on my desk next to my masters in accountancy.
What to PUT
i think finns are distantly related to turks. could be pulling that out of my ass.
I’ve been tested 20+ times. All negative. Everyone at work also gets tested every week. Very few false positives. 

Your experience sounds like an outlier anecdote or just straight up made up bullshit. “All the time” lol no
I feel like that's the car Mr Bean woild drive if it's shot in 2020.
Eurochads hit the jazz salt tonight
as long as you avoid acb-i think grwg is the best one to get into though
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/trump-bans-investments-in-companies-that-aid-chinas-military.html) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> The order prohibits American companies and individuals from owning shares outright - or through investment funds - in companies the administration deems to help enhance the People&#039;s Liberation Army.

> The list of firms includes large state-run aerospace and construction companies, as well technology and communications companies like Inspur Group, Huawei and China Telecommunications Corp. The U.S. contends that these companies enable China&#039;s military evolution through access to advanced technologies and expertise, and as a result, have in part led to Beijing&#039;s aggressive global expansion.

> To invest in funds that include Chinese companies would &quot;Place millions of federal employees in the untenable position of choosing between forgoing any investment in international equities, or placing billions of dollars in retirement savings in risky companies that pose a threat to U.S. national security,&quot; Scalia wrote.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/jtd9et/trump_bans_investments_in_companies_that_white/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~538853 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **companies**^#1 **U.S.**^#2 **military**^#3 **national**^#4 **investment**^#5
wp retard. im long pltr but come on, sell dumbass tech stocks before earnings.
I'm sitting cash gang thinking about what to put a buy order in for market open.  Any suggestions?
It’s always been like that. The reality is that it’s the Ameripoors usually
[deleted]
what does dax have to do with anything?
Tomorrow:

Buying back my 6.00 12/18 CTIC covered calls because I think I've milked them for all they're worth... and honestly not doing much else.
[deleted]
lol Elon got 4 covid tests in one day, same machine, same nurse. Two came back positive and 2 came back negative.  What a joke this is becoming.
[removed]
tech is back on the menu boys
Wouldn’t be surprised to see 16+ tmrw
some of you guys are cool, don't check SPY tomorrow
Gonna wait till it crashes a bit after people sell past the holidays.
which is why youre too poor to afford a bloomberg.
Don't you like sweet gains?
asian markets are closing, europe's opening

i guess they're having a better time over there because they wear masks and our tech industry still rocks, because we work from home and also wear masks

i'm going to credit mask wearing
At least two
literally woooshed
First, much love on the account balance, well done sir. Second, please read the comment above. It says move there and then sell in January 2021. You’re spot on, selling then moving is arguably the dumbest shit ever. And yes, estimated taxes are due in April, so you ballpark it, but everyone who is actually wealthy files in October...just saying, go on over to r/accounting and they will confirm. So, we are essentially in agreement, just with a mild misunderstanding around dates.
someone is scared 😳😳😳
fax man, just so sad bro don tknow how im gonna make it back
Aren’t they 3 am?
imagine being up 229% and not taking any profits
[deleted]
[deleted]
$ARKW
[removed]
Stock are guaranteed to go 2 ways. Right and up.
Do I Need The 3070 To Run Robinhood On Desktop?
so youre selling puts too?
Eww
🚨 COPE ALERT 🚨
Lmao don’t be mad when this market doesn’t make sense Bc if it do everybody would be rich and I like that phrase so much 😂
thats because youre a poser my boy
[removed]
Friday the 13th and german DAX is at 13.000.. The Simulation is leaking.
Oh shit Vix drilling
[deleted]
Watch out!! I hear there are sarcasm trolls running around duping all the dumbasses
I think he's one of us autists turning wine into water.
[removed]
Less than the opposite.
ABAB

All Brokerages Are Bastards
[deleted]
yo, shit mooning :( too bad i exited 10k baba longs for fat loss, as well as my meli leap down 2k :( so bad at the game
Display wont turn on, need hard repair
How would that work?  don’t you need $2k to trade on margin?  Legit just wondering
He probably banged her multiple times over already.
mods censoring him even tho he did nothing wrong 😡😡
[deleted]
I would protest in the streets for this
Buying RIOT $1 2023 calls
Everything around you is the result of human innovation.
Consider what the average person would think of the sentence "Well that year sucked and everything I did failed, but at least I made $70,000 as my fallback plan and will forever". You'd be free to pursue literally whatever you want to do with your life. I'm rambling because I've achieved the same thing but with $35,000 lolol. I'm a little jealous of the possibilities you could do with $70k but I'm also excited at the prospect of seeing someone else do it based on a windfall. Guess it struck a nerve on an emotional day lol.
“Legal process”. Lmaoooo. 

He brought in sleezy Saul Goldman tier lawyers to use archaic laws like “wellll acktshuallly even though they submitted their ballot on time, because I delayed the mail it was late to the counting center by approximately 5 minutes. Therefore it’s a fraudulent vote 🤓”

Ya boy lost. Stfu and just buy some Chinese EV calls
He’s going to concede tomorrow and announce his 2024 run
im up 30% on mine. I entered back in march but it's a penny stock . little florida company called liberty health.
Sir, take your pyramid scheme somewhere else
What does this mean for my over leveraged Chyna EV plays?
[removed]
Damn Daniel
NIO $50 BUYBUYBUYBUY
[removed]
Out of all the EVs, Canoo is the one that's best to succeed. Below is copy pasta of what I just said regarding Fisker. No engineering. No proprietary technology. No prototype vehicles. No crash testing.

Canoo/HCAC designed their proprietary platform completely in house. They’ve built 13 prototypes and have completed 50+ crash tests.

Fisker is relying on Magna to do all that. In exchange, they’re diluting shareholders. Fisker is a glorified design firm. I also don’t trust his advertised price. If you divide his revenue projection versus units sold, it comes out to $60K per vehicle, not $38K. People are too foolish to point this out. Fisker is no different than Nikola.

One of the biggest draws is that Canoo's management would unlock shares at $18/$25/$30 price targets. At $1.70 per warrant today, they would be $7.50/$13.50/$18.50 when it hits those price targets. They get rich, when we get rich. Did you know that Fisker and his wife have about $2B in Fisker stock? That's for a car company with no engineers and no revenue. It's pretty much Nikola all over again.
Jeffrey knows.
[removed]
Gay
why would it be a rug pull? The markets love Trump
You gotta stay fit. Physically and mentally.
Edit the post to include them.
Yeah 30% is a shit ton (profit), as well as whatever the commission is for xbox game pass.  Considering they have a partnership with MSFT and that they are the biggest retail videogame store in the world, its safe to bet they are getting about the same or more than walmart, target,etc.  I have very high hopes for this stock, it should be selling at 15-20 right now (fair price).   he only problem is the market manipulation it is facing because of the large funds with shorts but one piece of good news and this stock is going to mars. 

Also in case you didn't know, 3 days ago gamestop decided to pay 150 mill of debt early ...this is huge. This goes against the narrative that this big hedges have that it will go bankrupt and that they are struggling to make a profit. [https://www.bizjournals.com/dallas/news/2020/11/11/gamestop-debt.html](https://www.bizjournals.com/dallas/news/2020/11/11/gamestop-debt.html)

I dont know about corsair so cant give you my opinion, im personally 5k into GME and im expecting it to go 20 by eoy probably around the 40 in march earnings. I wont tell you what to do but im fairly certain that GME is going to be selling huge with this new console. Even if they don't sell that big, they are still getting 30% out of every xbox. Absolutely insane. They sold out all xbox and ps5s already and a lot demand atm. 

This is also not taking into account the massive short float that can trigger a squeeze at any moment. This can take it even higher. 

Do your own DD if you like and good luck!  BTW if you are seriously thinking of going in, right now with this $10-11 range is the perfect value. It was $9 before MSFT announcement and paid off debt. So im not expecting it to go any lower than this.
[deleted]
Stonks only go.. up?
HYLN says hi
hes signaling the seller algos
What is your move tmr guys? Call or put?
Also sold puts. So definitely red
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
meditation only works if u dont jack off, lust etc. see buddhist 5 precepts. but anyways if anyone takes nofap nov seriously try meditating on your breath. the point is to break mental dualism. you focus on your breath, its more then in and out, its kind of like one movement that appears dualistic etc. if u break that dualism and the mind then you can have a profound experience
Lol you’re in the wrong forum.
Show me your portfolio and ill show you mine

Show me your all time as well

I'm waiting to see your baby port kiddo
Every thing that exists, happened because of a thought. You have more power than you think, using your thoughts as a tool
This is the way
[deleted]
He’s playing 4D chess, guys.
So funny seeing you little trumpers in the wild crying.
[removed]
I swear europoor died a long time ago. Now it’s just the eurorich.
j artek can back me up
Always has been
[deleted]
>level 2

Couldn't that be one of the greatest buying opportunities of the decade?
not sure what software you need to do your school work, but your cheapest fix here is to buy a raspberry pi...it will run you $25. this won't cut it if you need to run a windows program, though. hopefully you just need a web browser.
Weed is not a safe stock lol. Last bag holders waited 2 years.
[deleted]
I think it will probably go down soon.  Hospitals nearing capacity has to mean something.
Are we alone in the universe?
And JP Morgan.
False negative tests are pretty common. False positive tests are quite rare. Not that hard to understand. Congrats on the COVID Elon.
I wasn't able to sell the last bit I was holding in time so I hope it moons
Not nearly to the same level
[removed]
Bruh
Yeah it is. If they get the senate there’s potential of major progressive policies being passed which will not be pro-corporations by any means.
Yea ask him to go back to r/investing
Before I agree, you can suck dick, right?
Keep losing money and believing in your quant TA God.
Damn remember when UPS was $174. Good times. I’d say you’re chillen but im dumb af
Here are my positions. Sold off all Spy Call contracts and just holding a few stonks.


https://imgur.com/7sMcPaO
Three Chinese EVs play together
Sq really does love those -8-10% days and could be back at 135 real quick
oh fuck papa elon has covid?????

TSLA puts we go
[removed]
Imagine the kind of god level money printing we could get if we had Bernanke and JPow 3 way a kid with Yellen?
Thinking about selling my XPEV gains and switching to a ton of weed + Clorox stock while we collectively figure out wtf is going on with covid and the presidency
Can't trust motherfuckers to catch you when you fall
so....were fucked tomorrow?
Stonk go downie
Hi, Can I send you a pm?
There's going to be a top somewhere and then a rug pull.  I would advise taking profits early
I mean if you had held pretty much any ITM weekly call purchased on a Friday at EOD until the following Friday you would have had a chance at some point for profit.
my dd was on acb. first of all, acb is canadian amd it's a trash company. they are burning through so much money without making any. anything other than acb is fine. apha looks decently valued and tilray just has that retard strength while being a much better company and you can see their progress over the years if u look at their finsncials. but i think grwg is a really good company when it comes to weed but dont think it could go that high, idk
Putz
idk man i spend 90% of my waking hours refreshing nio's price
Nah, bullshit. It's to protect brokers from poor retards with $500 in their accounts, running up $10,000 of margin debt in a day.
What you want is margin
Why is it bad?
You need to be banned
NIO $49.98 in Frankienstein, we moonin today boyos
[deleted]
owie
Ok i got you fam how we setting this up?
That’s an ouch, but profit is profit. How were you supposed to know if it was gonna go up or down from there?
Do any of you bros meditate?  What are some of your deepest realizations?
This is just discrimination against the poors 😤 Day trading is a human right
Oh wow. I am so happy my CALLS, that I purchased because of a VERY GREEN and luckily NOT RED market, will hopefully PAY OFF and make me HAPPY. My CALLS mean everything to me and I would be DEVASTATED if we were to have a RED MARKET tomorrow. I bet a lot of people on this sub also PURCHASED CALLS that are RISKY but will PAY OFF if the market is VERY GREEN.
Best friends means, well best friends means
yep. @michaeljburry good friend of mind. copied my idea and took all the credit. 😡😡
The OPEC meeting is 99% going to be restricting output more even Russia has been hinting they’d be on board
How the fuck are we green
Stonks only go up
Any green is good green.
ask mom for another 100k and post your positions. i will do the opposite while fucking her.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Steve jobs was a billionaire
Tech mooning
i use different brokers for long term so i’m not tempted to touch lol.  robinhood for the meme stonks
I’m all in on Amazon through December. Feelsbadman
Congrats and fuck you
Just a funny thought. What if

Donny really wins after recount and other bs. 

Imagine the rug pull. Lmaooooo.
[removed]
[Of the future](https://youtu.be/4_Pbx9mvWPY)
The market is well aware that Biden won
Fisker has no production, only a “concept” of rebadging another companies car in 2024. No dealerships, no plans at all. Last time fisker made cars they only made a few hundred before the batteries exploded and they went bankrupt.
well since you implored, i will reconsider. thank you for thinking responsibly for me.
#The PDT Rule attempts to protect small account retail traders. capital (under $25,000) by limiting the trading activity. The assumption is that retail customers with over $25,000 in account equity are assumed to be familiar with the accepted the risks entailed with day trading.
Now imagine we make everyone in the nation take this test and base public policy off the results. Sound kind of fucked up eh
China
[deleted]
It’s a SoftBank backed venture.
easy day tomorrow

drinkin' koolaid

buying shares on dips

PLTR gang makes life so simple
He has no idea how China works lmao.
Sorry u mean green?
isnt the georgia situation closer than expected? idk havent been following this shit
Sometimes I wish I was retarded so I’d have the will power to jump in NIO at every peak, then I remember that’s how you lose all your money too. Godspeed retards.
🤫
DD on APHA?
Wtf fake meat!? I’m going to Five Guys!
Positions.
[removed]
ill post a picture on the WSB page and it will be the at the top. thats the goal.
i did. from predicting the 08 and 20 crash. made my firm over 10 trillion dollars
I think DKNG goes green tomorrow. Quite a lot of bag holders though, can't imagine they wouldn't take profits. That stock is probably gonna need a bit more time slowly moving up before any rally is in sight.
Wtf is this dude on about? “Even HIV tests aren’t 100% accurate.” Idk about you, but if I had 4 HIV tests within a couple hours and 2 showed positive and 2 negative, I’d be pretty fucking concerned.
Lol are you trolling now? Do you think quant analysis and ML is randomly human? Do you think algos have emotion?

Jesus christ go back to tiktok you fucking dumbass
Ban
I’m sack deep in SPY puts so talk more dirtier to me
You failed to leave a position, and you failed to mention that it took them more than a year to start realizing gains.
True but at the same time missed so much on these run ups, being hesitant to buy long on these prices.
Wait did you bring astrology into this?

Because that's way too logical for this sub
senate will shoot down sleepy
motivating
[removed]
[deleted]
 • I just bought calls
[deleted]
idk. a few tril deserves some rep, no?
Please drop the “stocks” in your header. I feel bad enough.
Eron Muskuru
I don't have all the secrets, but I believe .30 delta, what,  60% IV puts would offer 1%? I'm burning hot at 4% to try to do the same. If the market tanks, you default to wheeling to return to original balance status quo. If you don't like the idea of all of it being in it, I implore you do it with half to have some passive income into eternity
Kindly fuck off then sir.
oh fuck its really friday the 13th, jason gonna come slaughter the bull
Well Europe isn't open yet


So there's that
u/Nopressurefr stop being a pussy and deleting comments
[removed]
I’m talking about NIO, not all Chinese stocks
If I were you I would just get some March calls on DAL or something beaten down that will likely recover within the next 6 months. But you did say a yolo and FSR is a real yolo that could net millions or have you lose it all.
>People tend to downvote these

downvoted, retard
Your wife is hot 🥵
Best of luck brother, look forward to seeing that milly gain porn
[deleted]
hopefully trump feels bad for us manufacturing because of chyna covid and poor elon getting the horrible disease and they decide to ban nio etc. tesla will go up bigly and these xpev puts will print
Holy fuck this wisdom
[deleted]
Sure just send me $500 to unlock the funding
Probably rising covid cases and talks of more lockdowns.
I don’t care bout all that but that pop politics shit is cringey. Need to read up on how to filter out those subreddits they shit up the /all page
Most of Asia and Europe red but America holding up
Yep. Warned everyone about the '20 crash. Made a few tril off my bil but got banned because mods work for deep state😳😳😳😳
Anyone have thoughts on DKNG going to earnings tomorrow morning?
[deleted]
https://www.google.com/amp/s/news.yahoo.com/amphtml/ken-griffin-does-spend-money-184900722.html
Retard
[removed]
Rotation out of retail back into tech
Yep. Warned everyone about the '20 crash. Made a few tril off my bil but got banned because mods work for deep state😳😳😳😳
Superb performance. Transfer another 1K and start again. What trade did you get fucked on?
[deleted]
You idiots.. take the china money and run. Or get Electrocuted.
[deleted]
Nope, NIO is largely owned by institutions.
obviously since its listed in the NYSE, but the proportion of retail is higher in stocks coming from China since their stock market is dominated by retail. It was in 2019, probably still is to some extent
Green open into red trading day ? What y’all think
Congrats and fuck you
I wake up at 9:29 am cause fuck futures
[deleted]
it hasnt made a parablic move yet tho so idk if i wanna get in
F
I want more than just ID and docs. I want a contract that gives me control of your gf
[deleted]
calls on branson's hair
It is what it is
I'm hoping that if I pretend not to notice, they'll give up.
i know i know i appreciate the blessing of having a well paying job, im mostly joking quitting. what is citadel?
Meaningleeeeess
[deleted]
FSR calls, it is going to follow the same hype as NIO. All I ask is if you hit a bagger you paypal me $10k.
Hoping that this morning Europe FOMOs into the insane rally by NIO LI XPEV yesterday to squeeze even higher
No matter what you think about the market, you’re leaving money on the table if you don’t hop on this retard train while it lasts
Why this SPAC?
I predicted the 08 crash 😳😳😳

Made a couple bil
Can anyone explain why MCD tanked on Thursday? It had a good run up on Wed
No, it isn’t just retail. There’s literally institutions buying into NIO. Institutions such as JPMorgan.
I thought they were titles to his new book
Doing great on my paper trading
That dude admitted he’s funded by soros
That’s the Fed Put, homey.
Thats all I mean, rack up a few of those on a bad streak and itll remind you why you work and don’t run citadel
How Much For The NIO $60 EOD BJ?
Congrats and fuck you
[deleted]
could do if sleepyhead gets his way
[deleted]
less begging, more sucking. Get with the program
https://youtu.be/xKvbSboQ5_g
alright boys, Richard Branson ain't fucking around. All in on spce calls.
this is the way.
[deleted]
At the end of the day he’s a billionaire and he most definitely has a cure
i mean you have a job to fund your trading and you live at home with mom. you work that job and all that extra work for free
 While the proportion of U.S. equities managed by institutional investors stood at 62% in 2019, 99.6% of total investors in China’s stock markets were retail investors. 

This is why NIO, LI, XPEV, JKS work and possibly will keep working until they crash and the meme shifts. It's all retail. It's all just retards like us
[deleted]
ill give you 3$ for a quickie. i got aids tho idk if thats a problem. but hey beggars cant be choosers
vix is kil, and so are puts
i had a few -20k days, didnt feel too good
Hurts... But think of all the ones you've sold that have tanked, too.

Just kidding, nothing will solace that loss.  Ouch.
gay
sell puts on what tho, what if market tanks?
47 day old account
Is UPS looking green or red tomorrow fellas 👀
Which tin foil topic did I say I bought into? Be specific.

Which smaller news organizations did I say I believed? Be specific.

Is FOX news more trustworthy than CNN? It’s bigger after all it must be more true.

a) it’s possible that people in power have an agenda and will use every means possible to fulfill it,

b) it’s possible not to trust a single news source blindly, 

and c) it’s possible that *some* news is more true than other news regardless of its publisher.
As long as they have a low carbon footprint :)
That's not real. Is that real? 

Maybe she's at a week-long music festival with minimal maintenance.
😳👉👈
thats good, at least u arent losing fat like me
[deleted]
Ya’ll think the markets will crash in the next few months?
Oh! So I don’t need the $8000 I guess?
Shame it has all been ruined by the last 100 years and is currently suffering under Winnie the Pooh.
Like me when NVAX was worth $4 lel
Can confirm. Now I've got big Jim dog
First thing I see on his retweets is that Jeff guy who has every tweet make rounds in politicalhumor and the rest of those subs

100% a redditor
I pretty much alway do what this meme tell me to. 

Fsr 18c 03-01-21
[deleted]
Why should another planet follow earth bound law? Fuuuck it, go overlord elon!
/u/nopressurefr 

how are you late on bills? you've been shilling NIO for at least 2 weeks.

You aren't even taking your own advice and holding your calls?

You belong here.
[deleted]
I got 3 hours of sleep last night cause of futures
So you made 200k in 2 weeks, and people are telling you to park it in some boomer shit so you can be a millionaire when you’re 80? 

Fuck. That.

This is WSB, we don’t pussy out on big bets

Don’t even think about losing, and even if you do you’ll make it back in 2 weeks at this pace

1 milly or 0. No inbetween.

That’s my shit take
ROFL but your dumbass said to move there on 1/21. If Op sells now the gains would be realized this year. He would have to file in 2021 not 2022 unless he incurs ridiculous amounts of penalties.  October payments? It’s due in April and late payments are due by July before they go into penalty.        

You claim that you’re a CPA, yet your dates don’t add up, the information you present doesn’t line up, and you smell horribly like bullshit that can’t spot a stock at its bottom. Dw, my CPA asked me to run a business with him before I made my own Llc’d hedge. Want to compare accounts?         

Edit:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jrwxxw/it_is_my_belief_that_everyone_keeps_asking_the/gbvzm6r/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3.       

If you’re a CPA my wife’s name is Megan Markle
If you were a red blooded American who believes in the power of innovation, thinks we're living in the greatest economy ever, and we're gonna beat this pussy ass flu, you would short ZM
yeah how'd that work out for canada
Lmao until you have a -30k day or week because the stock you picked didn’t go parabolic. That 7.5k/month job will start to look a lot more juicy
iPhone Pro Max and Mini delivery day.
5000 years of history they say....
5 inches is 12.7 cm
I know who he voted for
“Imaginemos cosas chingonas”
Tech will finally die today or next week. Prepare yourself accordingly. *raining downvotes*
but you don't own a bloomberg terminal, youre just a poser. sry ;\
sadge
A measly 5 inches hard :(
Free implies break-even
it goes up and down and up and down and up and down. just keep on buying calls and puts at the right time and youll be a millionaire. ez
Tech futures will always be green. But cant say the same during market hour tho...
I didn’t know how to use it right and would take it in the day with coffee and I was messed up
I 100% wish you luck friend
[deleted]
Penny stocks/OTC foreign stocks are like LEAPs with even less liquidity
its gonna crash by the end of the day
https://twitter.com/bittburger/status/1327126056080461824?s=21

“It’s called science Elon”

I bet this guy is a redditor
is that a good thing?
>  The patterns are not different, just the pace. I don't remember when "sector rotations" started at 9am and ended at 4pm on the same day only to go right back the stuff it rotated out of.

I don't read that as new paradigms, I read that as the death throes of a market that's double the length of the normal reset time period and had so many buybacks and QE cycles poured into it that it's frothy as hell and will continue to increase in volatility until it breaks the artificial support.

There is way too much dumb money in the market right now - too many retirement age people that should be out - too many young people that think it can't go down to the highs prior to the previous crash like it normally would, or maybe even think it can't really crash at all.  And no I don't buy the "nowhere else to put your money" means that the market can't crash.

If you're really 40 you're old enough to know better. And I'm not saying that as an insult, I'm saying you've seen people say these exact things before a crash. *"It's different this time..."*
It should’ve said “musks”
I think 2.50-3B is more realistic 40-50
no thanks, i'll stick to tilray and apha
I’ve only got 1 $39 put expiring tomorrow. I’m optimistic. I really do hate Snapchat though
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The Dip In 2018 Was A Good Dip
I hate when fucks like you post 3 day old news in all caps like you're breaking the story
She stuck
[deleted]
[deleted]
Man congrats. If you made double your salary, you could sell 1%/wk premium puts to make 100% your salary into eternity. You never have to work again to maintain your lifestyle. Edit: don't fuck that up. You're now free. Don't get back in
oh shit that pic reminds me lol. i gotta shave. Starting to look.... Grimy
?
Something still doesn’t feel right about all this. These last two days of SPY volume have been absolute aids. The last time we had this stupid low volume was the second half of October and that shit was hella red
[deleted]
All i want is to go green all time. Once that happens, i'm putting half of it in leaps and not touching them until 2021 and playing the other half only on extremely oversold shit. Enough of this money losing shit.fucking exhausted.
NIO call holders eating lobster 🦞 🤤

BABA call holders eating cat food 🐱
Hear me out, put 100k in some boomer ass shares and do a yolo with the other 100k

Or you could do 4 50k yolos, and the rate youre going at least a couple of those should be profitable

And if you lose it all then you get bragging rights and loss porn

I see no downside here
[deleted]
[deleted]
Repost
Damn making my weeks gains look like smol pp. Grats man
Wendy's parking lot has a special going on rn. 1% interest
I bought 50 shares of Beyond Meat on Monday morning. I think I deserve a medal or something.
Suck it bear
[deleted]
Woah. Dic size?
But hunt is also how I miss out on all the fun
how to turn your hair grey in your 30s while working for free
[removed]
Screenshotted and saved.
If Li motor reports good earning pre-market, then sure NIO could be around $60.
Ya I’m down for SPCE but I would prefer units because I think it’s the long game
probably that it still has room to run if new volume is still flooding in.
That mustache
 ╕├
Well let’s see, I gotta get drunk, I gotta get high, I wake up at 9:25 am for opening and go to sleep about 5 am after checking premarket and then trade for an hour or 2 when I wake up then sleep until 2-3 pm then get on ps4. I see what’s going down for the weekend to indulge in more of “getting fucked up” rinse, repeat.
CONGRESS TO VOTE ON LEGALIZATION IN DECEMBER, BUY ACB & CRON
[deleted]
Not for long
Thank you!
About 6. If I didn’t fuck around on my phone and computer I could get 9-10 lol
It's Equilibrium and it's awesome and it's one of my favorite dystopia movies.
Personally I'm not selling until $NIO's market cap is at least 50% of the total of the NYSE
We all have prison flair
Seems legit.
Robinhood will sell it for you 1hr before expiry if you don't have the capital.
How is NIO, LI MOTOR and ZOOM looking???????????????????????
nope
You are going to lose all of your money
amazon is hiring
I stopped looking at futures and afterhours prices(unless after earnins). whatever happens after hours or in futures might change and not matter at all the next day, all it does is make you doubt yourself and second guess yourself.
I'm holding barely ITM puts expiring tomorrow WISH ME LUCK
Hmmm I didn’t say that to you
manipulated bullshit
And I would like my fries extra crispy, please
call in the mods
There are still buyers of options on date of expiration, but it’s not guaranteed that you’re going to get max value. If the stock booms, though, there’s a higher likelihood of a successful sale. Otherwise you’re stuck with either executing or losing the gain.
So Then Maybe Latter Somewhere On The Internet, You Say, Woah! Its That Retard.
The worst is Ben Felix, I think he gets scared each time someone mentions the word risk. “Buy and hold a index etf” my ass, grow a pair of balls and do something that’ll actually make you money.
[deleted]
Jesus, let me guess, you just got off the fry line at Wendy’s? The wealthy bullshit where they live all the time. Regardless, this guy files in October 2022 for his 2021 tax year. I bet you didn’t know everyone who makes over $8.00 an hour files in October. So homeboy rents a shit home in Reno starting 1/1/2021, gets all his mail sent there. Shows up for a few weeks to ski, ala Donny pump and Florida, then pays Nevada state tax on all income. Boom done.
Get a power nap in.   Makes a world of difference
Humans run the market. Humans create algorithms. Humans buy and sell.. Everything is randomly human. Your TA won't help you.
FSR, CRSR, PLTR
I’ll suck your pp if true
Good work!
Totally cool, totally legal, completely rational
Big if true.
[deleted]
Found the bear
but NIO to the moon? what could bring it down?
The Answer Is Yes. No Macros Or Apps. Why Not.
Yep I am retarded.  -0.94 + 0.24
[deleted]
[deleted]
jesus ✝️
Can’t wait to watch this play out
1500 shares, 30 contracts in leaps / long dated calls and i also had about 30 fds but i sold before close yesterday
To be fair I cashed out about 20k when it dropped midday. So 20k is the profit, the rest is my own money. Also, dunno why I said 0dte, it expires next week. Anyways fuck nio
I feel you, but if something goes wrong you might crash and burn into the earth which is mentally and physically harder to recover from than if you could’ve made another 50k or whatever. I’ve been there.
Lol
The most ridiculous market ever
HCAC. HCACW by EOY.
Fat and broke will last longer on reserves.
How much sleep do you guys get? I get like 4 hrs from looking at future, premarket, during the day, after-hours, and my actual day job and a life...
[deleted]
Got it, puts on BDX, thanks Elon
[Elon’s gf](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/940/116/bfb.jpg)
Bro it’s so bad. That place is like r/thedonald
Bold but might probably pay out
Thats what I thought

You cant say ta is fake and say algos run the market. So by your logic humans and not quants are running the market. Which is laughably wrong
Sounds like you need to take a healthy dose of lsd
this was an Obama level speech. i feel hope.
Damn nice dude. Shares or options?
[deleted]
Do you have to manually press the upper case key every word you type or is it just automatic somehow?
Better site, free analysis, no shit ads.
Man’s gonna be kicking himself next week
probably stopped eating food at 14, no wonder she looks like that
and be a millionaire in 25 years when im old and decrepid? no thanks
but it would be much better, safer to buy leaps though. im pretty sure next yesr, it'll be over 50 bucks or so easily, but I'm only holding 11/20 25c's in anticipation of the hype sround their first test flight, which is the biggest event for them this year.
JMIA

Invest in *hope*.

Invest in *change*.

Invest in *Africa*.

*JMIA*
Imagine having a 401K ....and your company had the match feature 😱
Bro do not blow that!!!!! Cash out and work towards your retirement so you no longer have to be a wage slave. If you must just put it in some really long stable plays
He prints it DIGITALLY.
Let me hold some of it for you so you won’t be tempted to spend it
Why Do You Type Like This?
SHOW ME THE FLAIR
I 2nd that
Grimes looks like she has full blown AIDS and is also dehydrated all the time.
Thought this was a cool new way to say threetarded. Like one up from re...
Elon is chasing his dream with the money he made in his early career.  That dream is to live on another planet.

Space-X - to get there.

Boring company - to live underground because the surface is too harsh

Tesla - rapid transportation

Solar City - for power

Square Roots (Kimbal Musk \[Elon's brother\]) - For Food ([vertical hydroponic systems](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxRNoSSkLkE&ab_channel=BEMENews))
i wud cry
puts on thread volume.

Reminder Max Pain for NIO is 39 for 11/13/2020
then u realize tesla is in china...
I put the Reddit spoiler tags tho
Loss porn coming in the next episode of dragonball z
Where Am I Supposed To Put All My Money? Bonds Have Low Yields. Stocks It Is! Seems To Be Stable Now With The New President And All. Anyhow Inflation's Gunna Nip Me In The Ass If I Don't Move. Cheerio
Entire fucking world market is red but tech is green. Can you believe this shit
You mean the Donald 2.0
You mean by it staying above support forever but not by much?
I used to when I was a kid until high school.  Even when I was upset and crying I remember looking at myself in a mirror and thinking “damn this guys crying, look how he looks right now. Weird.”

Sometime later in HS or college I lost that self-awareness.
Which did he buy
Pretty sure when you test a child for autism, they are 4
[removed]
cash out quick
Tell them 🍊 was planted to wreck the GOP from within.
NIO to $60 end of day
Fuck
Fuk ya. 0dte puts will print
this is the dd i needed
Yeah if you don’t have a skill set lol. There’s so many trades and short college courses you can take to get a better salary than 20k in the cities.
r/ConspiracyNoPOL is much better
Wendy’s? Shit I couldn’t get a gig at Wendy’s. Too dumb. BK has some openings so I’m flame grilling whoppers like a champ.
i cant. its a sickness. an obsession. Im glued to my screen and the NIO ticker.
If you have money, do covered calls instead. Safer.
If you don't want to bleed theta do put debit spreads, I've got about 8k in debit spreads already and will probably be getting more tomorrow
[deleted]
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Me scrolling through WSB today

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtcf3s
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtcf3s) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/samspenc, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Jolly_Dragonfruit_67
Thebush121
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
You have to live there for a specific number of days to claim residency and pay or defer taxes in a new state.       

Edit: you couldn’t just edit a post instead of commenting 5 times to the same comment? What are you, 12?
Cash the fuck out and stop watching the NIO ticker
spce calls before their first sub orbital test flight happening nov 19-nov 23
post on this thread newer, we'll see who wins. ill reply
yes
Uh, no it was always a risky investment, but a company regulated by US law. Who the fuck knows what's really happening in China.
last I checked, the test he's using has a ~40% false negative rate. he probably has COVID
im lockin in once i hit a mil
Nah, got a pair from Burlington for $10. I go commando in them, feel like I'm wearing pillows on my lower body
Frankfurt premarket
bigly if truly
It's free money do it what could go wrong
[deleted]
It's like nio when it was at 07. Le it grow
Bro, lock in most of your gains and take a break from the market. Your head's too fucked up to think straight and you will lose most of it eventually if you trade with that mentality.
that would make it real. i need to have another brilliant idea.
So, how does it work, you fucking idiot?
Incinerators. Digital / Eco friendly burials.
[deleted]
Guys I heard LULU ABC joggers make your Jim dog look bigger
Yo, withdraw some money before you lose it all
haha, i have been watching spce for almost half a year and been playing it once when there's hype. This is the biggest event for them this year. Their first suborbital test flight, after the success of which, they will get contracts from nasa, and private businesses  and will be cleared for other cool shit in 2021, like the founder Richard Branson going to space in one of the virgin rockets in q1 2021. before every event the stock runs up massively and this time around, i think it's going higher than before. we'll see.
Eh, already hoped of the nio train w 5k rather observe at this point
what the ticker for that one?
Sure thing because I use Bloomberg terminal so better get that alt account ready
Cash out king 👑
Repost
Totally agree. Deep dives and expert analysis for free. Its such a great source of information and well put together.
That's what meth does. Wouldn't dare touching the shit.
Spy puts
100% spot on. That dude is a skilled entrepreneur and thats it.
i like chicken i like liver meow mix meow mix plz deliver
You drive a nice Subaru Outback to Wendy’s? I just use my bike. Must be nice...
Why not sell all and use part of the profits to buy a dated wedge so you can try to time the market, or hope for a 25% move in either direction if you end up holding both to expiration.
[deleted]
I do love a nice wedge salad
[deleted]
Repost
Damn I respect that
https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/nio-stock
close at open and inverse
Repost.
is BABA the new INTC ?
unless you use a Bloomberg you can't call yourself a real trader silly
CHWY
So, vertical spreads 101?
AAL, CCL, NCLH, JWN, AMC
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
MOSTLY DUE TO NIO

This last week i made my yearly salary. 

The last 2 weeks i made my yearly salary x 2. 

The desire to go to work to make a meager 7.5k a month is not there when you have 20-30k days. I have more money now then ive ever had in my life and idk what to with it. someone give me a yolo play for 200k to x 5 my money and be a millionaire next week so i can quit my job.
The big boys are running the numbers and market is following trying to find a range for the explosive market.   But you look at the 1 day chart and think you're a fuckin wizard timing a fall.   Many have died on that sword.
NIO was up 1.5% AH

Where you getting 3%?
Damn coming out swinging with some half assed comment XD
I don't think anyone is going to risk that here
Stock is fine he said, meaning your calls are fucked lol
This sub is truly full of retards and I always forget that
[deleted]
Pics
Maybe offset by the deaths prevented (car accidents, etc.) by people staying home.  Also, not a denier or anything, but i don’t think it’s responsible for that many deaths relative to other causes.. idk could be wrong
[deleted]
I can't take this shit anymore. I'm going to r/conspiracy for awhile.
bro he can just buy out pfizer
And my losses are now unlimited
I got puts loaded
100% agree with you.
>Buys NIO puts: “I can’t believe you’ve done this” 

"I'll never financially recover from this"
Don't mess with the Chinese.
I still prefer Ross over thrifting jus cuz sizing is weird for clothes that are worn. Markdown is the way. 

Buying clothes at new price is literally throwing your money away.
Hedging your fucking bets
Hot
, probably Mars, thanks to Elon’s part he played in the modern space race.
Lol k
https://www.cbpp.org/research/state-budget-and-tax/state-taxes-on-capital-gains
I’m hoping for atleast a tiny pullback tomorrow
You son of a bitch, could not be more in
ill see you in tendie town. first round of chicken tendies is on me.
I guess I’ll have to repeat it every day. Fuck BABA. Opens green then fades all day and takes my calls with it.
haha nice try bro. youre not a real trader, just a fake. sit back down
Passive snitching
[deleted]
I will willingly leave this planet
Just call lol we’re in a pandemic snitch to save some grandparents
you speak fact ron swanson
bought at 7 sold at 6, at least it was a small bet..
And cup as they do it...
The what?
anonymous sources point in the direction of rumors, so i'd say maybe
I mean Apple isn’t as good as it could be with mount Steve Jobs but it didn’t crumble.
Buys NIO puts: “I can’t believe you’ve done this”
No worries, Everybody wins!
Buy 3 month calls, slightly otm

Sell weeklies against those as time goes

Roll your long calls to next month matching premium (higher strike) and keep collecting

Then one day your stock of choice has a phenomenal well, you're slightly otm calls go itm and you cash out, until a week later the stock comes back to earth and you go full balls deep in it and rinse and repeat
[deleted]
Murica
Henrik Fisker was forced to open this company, because he is unemployable in the auto industry. He gimped the Model S design for Tesla. No-one wants to work with him, in the fear that they would lose business with Tesla. Elon isn’t a forgiving person and he doesn’t forget.

He was once a talented car designer. However, his designs seem somewhat aged. His design looks fine for a car released in the past 5 years, but with all the other EV SUVs coming out in the next 5 years, his would looked old AF in comparison.
Gotta be Blood Red on Friday the 13th though just saying 👹🔥
Jesus Christ, this is how you lose all your money man. Either you sell when you’re up or it goes down, there is really no other option. You made the right call here.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Holy shit, no wonder he's so good.
She's dropping you off on her way over to her boyfriend's house.
Why you buying expensive sweats hoss. Walmart is just as good.
is the earnings even coming out?!
Toss a coin to your Witcher! O Valley of Plenty!
[deleted]
Hell yes. That’s awesome. You gonna roll a few over and see if they take flight...literally?
Question

Who runs the markets. Algorithms or humans? Answer the question
I mean buy the rumor sell the news
[deleted]
Why didnt u stop trading on the second spikr
Lmao nice try poser. Only real traders use Bloomberg™️
Can you imagine having another EV pump day back to back? Well shit, looking more and more like it. NIO almost up 3% and we just getting started
It’s hard to find detailed analysis like that and a lot of the inventory data I wouldn’t be able to find on my own

It’s a shame he’s so small, vids are high quality. I only saw his channel based cause I was searching for another video. He should do some advertising
[deleted]
Clickbait. 10 years of trading experience.  Doesn't say what he trades. Possibly trades blowjobs for food? I don't fkn no! Fox News should investigate.
Hold the line, PJs. Hold the fucking line.
She's a stripper, her entries and exits are probably all fucked up and disease ridden.
He’s a bitch but I bet the underlying doesn’t really move much on the news
What happened to L2FMW? Did he blow up his account?
[deleted]
What makes you think it's not involved with the military?
Asia is red man 😅
rumor has it there is a source reporting that PLTR is up to some weird shit
$RKT projected to make the kessel run in under 12 parsecs
How do you know this?
[removed]
I’m 40k deep in 48p 0dte
Somebody tell those dumb fucks to buy nio Shares and pump our calls

60 by 12pm tomorrow
Math checks out
I have a pair of Vince sweats, dope as fuck and comfy as hell.... but they were $100 (and that was 50% off)... or a years salary to whatever poor bastard made them..
[deleted]
Why not just buy a spy january wedge? Buy calls and puts as close as you can itm x2 and try to time the selling of both right. Try to wait till you get +110% going one way before selling out so you hit 10% gain with hopes of hitting a rebound, or timing it right to recover partial losses thanks to time.
[deleted]
Do you own a Bloomberg Terminal?
We allowed to talk about SPAC’s? If you want to make some money tomorrow, buy KCAC shares, warrants, or leaps. News released and the price is ramping up again. They’ve got backing by Bill Gates.
i have had these for a week now.
I was at 864 and went all in on these calls bought them at 0.14 per piece, sold them yesterday at avg of 0.41 today I bought more. I currently have 85 of those cmfuckers at an avg of 0.34, they have their first test flight coming up No19-Nov 23, i am probably selling next week or if it goee up to 23 tomorrow
Are you familiar with split stocks🧐
Nio 50 in about 20 min
Loss porn incoming. Reminds me DKNG.
Man. Fuckkkk my tsla calls. Fucking elon definitely has corona he is a covid denier, his fucking dumbass probably never wears a mask too because he thinks covid is just a cold.
yes, but if it goes up high enough youll lose money buying it back
This is true. Same reason Apple is at the same price.
[deleted]
You can’t do that because they have a super weird voting clause that gives the founders all the voting rights.
Nio still pumping lmfao
Thanks for the input. 30% is pretty good. But is it 30% of retail cost or 30% of profit? Wouldn’t it be the latter seeing as how xBox sells themselves at this point. Also how many xboxes will GME have versus the overall market? I want to hop on this train but Corsair seems like a safer bet. Thoughts?
Lifetime savings from people with inheritances find this sub. Don’t hire a financial advisor, think the memes are funny, then they go all in on a FUCKING MATTRESS COMPANY.
It’s grounding, makes you humble– fascinating as anything. Like with all psychs set and setting are the number one rules imo
Get you’re free stonk. It will be Berkshire A
[deleted]
i hope so too. honestly i only have 10 they were 600 bucks, if i see NIO begin to moon tomorrow im closing my put and yoloing 10k into calls
Please tell me how they work, my CPA license has only been valid for 6 years
“Investing”
Forex has been flat af all week, except for Canada shitting. Something is in the works.
15 bucks at Ross bro. Good as new.
100$ To Keep Per Dollar On Expiry Plus Time Value, Time Value Is Importaint
[deleted]
Herb said climax instead of busting a nut, ban
One can dream.
Well, just got banned from buying and opening postions for 90 days, gonna ride these zoom calls out and im out for a little bit. Thank god i did, was going to lose a lot of money on PLTR calls i got the fuck out of to go above my PDT restriction. Up 98% for the month so atleast i wont lose it all
Tsla call is back on the menu bois
IR or extended release?  i find that exercising like doing 30 minutes on a stationary bike will exhaust me
fucking scum downvoted me
Mars exchange is 5–1
Sorry - I can't see the screenshot...your giant balls are in the way.
It's so undervalued imo.

I think value will begin to increase soon as the EV area gaining more traction in general (perhaps to 20), then really moon Q2 2021.

Covid really speeding up these macro trends.
Bcuz lulu is worth 43B
[deleted]
a poem
Yeah right he’s gunna do what everyone else w Covid does, nonstop post videos from their mansions
??
Guys, we have a real pro in our midst!

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt38hy/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020/gc4t19y/?context=3
[deleted]
Whats up
only 3k to go
There’s a reason I failed the CFA exam
If Tesla actually dips off Elon having Covid you’d have to be legitimately retarded not to hop on calls
[removed]
Tradazone is a muscle relaxant that messed me up screw that
No I only suck weeklies
spce, probably pltr, dfen, play, ccl, nclh, jwn, BA,
Well I assure you it’s not labor costs... it’s a step up from Elon’s mines.
After I lost 20% of my peasant ass $4k account going all in on VIX for the election I’m now long, and all units, not options. Would be down to put it all on black or red or SPCE, but goddamn, $25 a week out is aggressive.
[deleted]
Fuck you /s. I’ll pay a meth head to use that tool. Watch my weeklies outperform your monthlies any day of the week.
It should be 0+
Yes, But Every Dollar Above Strike Is $100 To Keep. But The Again Your Shares Just Rocketed $1500
***just don't fucking dance!?***
Who?
Thank you for admitting it
Well he also told me about LK at the same time. Thank god I bought NiO and not LK
Dump her
Can someone explain the tlt move to me? I don’t understand how a 20 year bond makes sense for this
Wolf is better than uncut, but watch that next.
Invalid link fucker
shutup
I'm in shambles
those 1030 dips hit just a lil different
Nobody
Depends on which way you lean. If you like guys more than girls I would actually recommend a short strangle.
Bits and coins.
rotate into tech tomorrow your fucked
[deleted]
Thats a string of terrible luck.
SE and CRSR have good chances imo.
I mean it’s more developed than nikola
Fisker has been around for a long time
[deleted]
Have that Wood lady buy my Chinese shit for me.  Myself do Chinese DD don't fucking think so.  Me:  Wow this Luckin stock is going to moon.
I hope so.  Tomorrow is payday.  Looking for deals.
No problem. These retards don't know about premarket I guess
[deleted]
anyone hopping into NIO 0dte calls or puts? are you waiting until 1030 or snagging them at open? ;)
Rkt opened $25 in Bangor Maine
Not even close to the same thing
There's A Reverse Split Calendar On Fidelity
[deleted]
Noones dying
$rbii
You need to learn how taxes work
Opened at $200 on Mars, BUY it now before you miss out!
Pretty much all airlines and cruises
You think Fisker is more developed than most other EV’s? What are you smoking? He only designed the car. No engineering. No proprietary technology. No prototype vehicles. No crash testing.

Canoo/HCAC designed their proprietary platform completely in house. They’ve built 13 prototypes and have completed 50+ crash tests. 

Fisker is relying on Magna to do all that. In exchange, they’re diluting shareholders. Fisker is a glorified design firm. I also don’t trust his advertised price. If you divide his revenue projection versus units sold, it comes out to $60K per vehicle, not $38K. People are too foolish to point this out. Fisker is no different than Nikola.
That would be a $100k a dose item
Penn
Thank you
BYND
When I was young I used to try to flip my dick inside out and one day it kinda stuck like that. I feel like it never was the same. Some things you can’t explain
knees
He probably does acid at burning man
Pog
well i am autistic
dont worry bro, just look at the volume. Nothing to worry about
I can always buy the call back right?
Future traders acting extra homo this week
[deleted]
if u are not touching it for years. how the fuck is it a yolo and not a safe investment ?
[deleted]
I'd rather watch something twice than watch ads. And these days I'm not really motivated by any TV shows enough to download them.
IDK, as soon as the news broke that he is pretty much guaranteed the presidency, other countries immediately started with talks putting sanctions on China. Think America's position is going to be the same as soon as Trump is out, seeing as the transition isn't as smooth as 2016 despite the same allegations and divisiveness.
I'd be genuinely happy. 

I was supportive of his Mars project before he started saying they won't follow earth's laws at all and SpaceX will make up their own.

It sounds like he's trying to build Rapture on Mars. Fuck that.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/momsfavoritesoninlaw the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/nio-stock
Bro why didn’t he tell me tho lol
Friday the 13th. Who's ready for red? 🐻🌈
$SE or $MELI
So are you a boomer or not ?
Bigly retarded
Banks
Epstein
I gotchu bb. Pm me for Venmo info
I dreamed that in a state of daze I bought some Chinese companies that I had never heard of. Then I was happy because they were super green but then someone told me that in China green is bad and red is good. God, I was terrified.
I sell perfume.  What one is it?   Also, if you want to end their fun, I have a great recommendation.  Just be prepared to burn your clothes after the workday
[deleted]
:0 he has great vids
oh, and I was at 279 in mid-october.
wtf NIO opened $69 in africa, BUY BUY BUY!
You sound like someone who reads Tarot cards.
Lol....  alright bud.  Strap your helmet on a little tighter.
Don't be a bitch, trust your gut
I appreciate retard have a good night
It *reduces* blood pressure. That’s why your heart rate increases
it doesn't work that way. When trying to get gains, you lose money. When trying to lose money (intentionally), you lose twice as fast.
I Thought It Had No Chance Of Hitting 42 Last Week
Where do you think DIS stock price should be?

They are obviously bleeding due to their parks. However, they added 13M subscribers to DIS+ and 20M overall. Netflix added 2,2M. In a single quarter they added 10% of Netflix subscribers.

Vaccine on its way, Adding 73M DIS+ subscribers during a year. That is insane. I got some calls Yesterday but I will be dissapointed if it only jumps 5%.
Which stock will double in the next 12-16 months?
[deleted]
My dad told me about it when it was like $4. 
He’s a financial adviser tho
$ELON since he used to be bald, then he got money
Do u Even finasteride?
[deleted]
you do you musk you do you
How does a headstone and coffin company lose value in a pandemic?  Markets weird.  I bought.
Bruh how do y’all know to just put $17k into one company and not sell after you double your money. Couldn’t be me, I got paper hands af
[removed]
And maybe this time you’ll be down 415.2k I hope not. Please invest in real estate
I proposed to my last girlfriend while peeing into 85mph wind during a hail storm and it was the best rainbow of my life until I lost my left eye to hail while losing my girlfriend to a big cliff she fell over while saying "no" as she walked backwards off El Capitan
Here’s a true story: 
Semi Charmed Life by Third Eye Blind is about Crystal Meth use.  It’s so happy and upbeat. 
Lead singer dated Vanessa Carlton.  She’s got that 1,000 miles song.  Vanessa Carlton looks like a Disney actor, but did more drugs than you can shake a stick at.  
Anyways, look up Crosby from CSNY.  
He’s got the good shit
Idk y you spreading lies I’m just asking if cthululu is shining his flashlight over there yet. You don’t have to spread lies like the earth is flat or women are people okay.
Edit:to specify for legal reasons these are jokes
I got 500 shares of NIO I wanna hold onto but I just got options approved on my account and wanna sell some covered calls for easy money. I can make almost $500 selling 5 contracts for NIO $65 11/20. You think NIO has any chance of hitting $65 next week?
NIO
My friend is so into fisker his username was @inspaqwetrust (pre merger) and I’m praying it comes out strong next year. Been slowly putting more money into it
no its not you idiot
Also expect to hear " better than expected holiday travel bookings" soon.
I was at 21k in the summer. currently at 3500 and jacked to the tis on spce 11/20 25c's. What are ypu playing, man?
[deleted]
He's right. Its at 49.39 premarket right now. 🚀🚀🚀
Honestly, I'm a dumbass and hate money so just building long on shares but I have no idea what the market is doing.
I found some Google AMP links in your comment. Here are the normal links:

 - [https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-usa-china-securities-companies-factbo-idUSKBN27T09E](https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-usa-china-securities-companies-factbo-idUSKBN27T09E)

 Beep Boop, I'm a bot. If I made an error or if you have any questions, my [creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/6b86b3ac03c167320d93) might check my messages.  
 [Source Code](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot) | [Issues](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot/issues) | [FAQ](https://laurinneff.ch/2020/10/17/nogoogleampbot/)  
Why does this bot exist?  
Google does a lot of tracking, which many people don't want, so they use alternatives to their services. Using AMP, they can track you even more, and they might even replace ads with their own, stealing ad revenue from the site's owners. Since there's no consistent way of finding the original links from an AMP link, I made this bot which automatically does it for you.
You need to laugh, homes
Bet we’ll see you back here in two weeks
His or the pig’s?
Well he smoked weed like a narc in a 90s movie so I dunno....
Im getting paid OT right now so I can blow it on FDs next week
Its conjecture.  Don't blame him, he's retarded.  Here's the list:

https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN27T09E
What I'm saying is fellas, is it's Friday the 13th. Nuff said.
imagine people betting on blockbuster bankruptcy back in 2010..

now imagine you get Beezos and he restructures the company. This is what is happening with GME, but instead you have big dick Ryan Cohen. 

With the current rate at which ps5 and xbox is selling no way they are not making a profit, also remember that gamestop gets 30% of every xbox sold.
OPEC has their meeting at the end of the month too and will either keep cuts or increase them. These were January calls to get in on that and also vaccine news. Got absolutely demolished immediately
Actually you can skip that one.  Just the most depressing movie could think of off the top of my head lol.  The ending doesn't even matter lol.
Elon and Covid talks going well? If positive then tsla negative? If negative then tsla positive?
[removed]
fifted
Really need to grind and get as much capital as I can by 2022 or whenever Starlink IPO's. Sucks we won't see a public SpaceX but i'll YOLO Starlink in a heartbeat
Yea Earth's round bro, 8am over there already
We will have stimmy talks going well tho
Down!!! Fucking down!! That shit is so fucking bad. It can only go down. Everyone I knows says fuck that shit! And they hate it. So down... I have puts expiring tomorrow. But that’s irrelevant. Down I say!!!!
Fair
I would prefer a no hair loss pill instead
you shant be disappointed
Tuesday, the day Bison graced your village
PUBE
420.69
Friday the 13th part VIII: Jason Takes My Tendies
My gf missed her period, blood red cancelled boys.  Wait...
[https://chess.org/play/a8d45993-1cd6-4f81-b78d-1d75a4e36278](https://chess.org/play/a8d45993-1cd6-4f81-b78d-1d75a4e36278)

One more actually, that last kid got obliterated, not even fun. Win or lose this is it. Scoreboard reset. Im either going to bed salty or sweet. Send in your MVP
Already a sub :p a vid of him and a guy he was interviewing popped up. Love his EIA report vids
Wolfie it is
I hope you are right my gay friend 😭😭😭
i know i am happy i had a 37k day today, but it will never be enough to satiate my voracious hunger and greed for tendies. 

NIO 46p 11/13
why no chance?
Let’s meme the shit out of TSLA puts tomorrow
so is this like infinite free money forever or are the herd gonna get shafted hard at some point?
One way to tell.  Can he bite his ear?
Yeah I want to diversify for when vax news pumps again (should happen by end of month)
Record low? Like, less than 0?
Is it even selling yet? Idk how premarket works there.
The product will not be released till 2022. But then again, if NKLA can pull this crap why not FSR?
AAPL
All deaths this year was from covid
aal leaps?
HCAC
Appreciate the thoughtful answer.  Like everyone else, I'm looking for limited upside with unlimited downside.  Guess this is a no-brainer.
losing is pretty fucking normal. Everyone loses at some point. What I value is if they ever made it big. i got ur back, sir. getting those 11/20 20c's and 12/18 25c's
If there was a company that came up with a real hair loss pill where you can go from slick bald to Zac Efron hair in a week what would their IPO price be??
How the fuck do I find things like NIO.... I used to be able to find memes and hype and now I’m a scared pussy
You sound like you're pretty knowledgeable on oil. Check out Primary Vision Network on YouTube. Its a small channel but this guy goes into rig counts, frac spreads, demand, and everything in between in the oil markets. It's pretty good stuff.
Guys Its Friday the 13th meaning Blood Red?? 😈😢
Noted, but also another night
Noted, but another night
[deleted]
welcome brother.
Bro she’s gonna be the next warren buffett
Stock will be fine
NIO flying up past 2% in Franfurt!!!
So far only a $11 tuition, you guys are actually hella smart for dumping thousands of dollars into option contracts with little to no experience.
he does ? looked like he didnt even know how to properly smoke a blunt on jre
[deleted]
built dumber. the question is whether NIOs retard strength is greater than your autism.
NIO earnings coming Tuesday, XPeng had their earnings showtime yesterday
What the flying fuck. How bad luck can i be? I just bought tsla calls today.
What stock are you most bullish on for the next 5-10 years?
You can’t yolo shares. Buy an OTM derivative like an adult...I mean autist
[deleted]
Have Hulu\know how to put on a pirate hat? Watch an episode of Your Pretty Face Is Going To Hell and thank me in the future.
You could also donate it. I’d happily pay the taxes on it for you! 👌
Nah call it a night and watch The Road.
Looks like a classic pump and dump. Thanks, will be buying puts
hmmm pepperoni and peyronies?!
[deleted]
That test is shit.
Think you’re safe at 45 tbh 😂 if you really don’t care if you lose it lol
3rded
[removed]
Nope.
It’s actually more developed than most ev’s worth ten x it is currently the problem is, this has to be a bubble with only 8 main car companies it sounds like everyone and their mother has an electric vehicle
As many Nio 0dte 50c as possible. I'm built different 😤🥵
Donny and Elon are both fat and do adderall but Elon *also* does a lot of coke and other party drugs (allegedly)
Told one of ladies I manage her perfume smelled good and now they're all wearing fucking perfume and it smells like shit in the office. Thanks for subscribing.
You belong here
Whats coming out of his penis
I sold my nio and xpev calls today. Got puts.
Since you've been around since IPO what are your thoughts on NIOs current evaluation you see it topping out soon ?  Just curious on your insight to it being around it longer.
Herman Cain, John Prine, several Iranian government officials, prob more I haven’t thought of
.10% is mooning??
If only the measure of success was the number of fake calls you got from world leaders telling you what a tremendous job you're doing. 

Poor guy.
Also the Chinese government doesn't allow it's strategic companies to be bought out by foreign companies
Without Elon, Tesla will crumble
Don't worry, guys. I'm sure Elon Musk can afford to take the same super-serum that cured Mango Man of his bat herpes.
That’s what I have 😎
[deleted]
wolfie
sean connery
alex trebek and kobe bryant
Already?
Say goodbye to ur calls idiot
  beauty
I have an account you smooth brain, other people might not who wanna play. Are you trying to get clapped or something
Buy shares and collect a dividend if you're long on oil. I think we've hit a bottom for E&Ps. As soon as there is more positive vaccine news it could be the easiest money. But until then, more cases, cities threatening lock down.. E&Ps, refiners, and midstream just keep tanking. Also going into winter, there is usually a lul in demand due to weather. This year holiday travel will probably be the lowest in decades.
Just jump on January calls
Safe to say to say yesterday was a bear trap?
I held them for nearly a year.  I want to trade bets in them but I don't know options well.
[deleted]
Herman Cain
I also approve
I would put it in other words.

Make your gains and go out because nobody wants to own a NIO.

Sae way nobody wants to wear Li Nings. They want to wear Jordans
Gamble. Come back again
My dumbass sold my NIO FDs 45c and 47c for a 2-300% gain today thinking friday was going to be red. Damn my paper hands and your welcome NIO call holders.
Had a bad day so I decided to watch Joker. Whoops. Should I follow up the mood with Uncut Gems or should I chase with Wolf of Wall Street for a palette cleanse? Both are new watches. Feeling better, just bummed at having to proactively dodge the gym and bars due to covid cases rising.
[deleted]
u think its gonna dump lol?
I think they said it’s two years
Has anyone famous died from covid?
The move is NIO calls even more than usual tomorrow if there’s a good dip to buy from the elongated muskrat getting the flu
Too retarded too
Buy more puts on Nikola bc why not. It's still not bankrupt yet and I don't know if GM is going to play along after December.
 I approve
Proof or ban
[removed]
Buy some NIO so my puts will print
Elon will be fine stfu that shit is a cold.
Inverse that so there’s still a sell off 🥂
That dude possessed
Anyone thoughts on Fisker ? $FSR 

Long way out, but think could be a good hold.

Especially when considering performance of these CHina EVs.

Dunno but I recon this going to moon 2021.
Elon gets covid, watch Tesla price go up for "sympathy" lol
[deleted]
wat r ur moves? prolly not gonna hold calls over night again till its clear out, thinking about just parking my parent boomer money in stock, but not sure which
[removed]
Plus elon is actually an alien from Mars soooo I don’t think covid is going to affect him
Looks like it’s pullin’ out
Everybody expects a Friday sell off therefore moon
Move to a state with no income tax and cash that shit out 1/1/21
We’re in the best coast
Those of you buying calls, I wish you well. I want us all here to do well, but ignoring the hedging would be silly. At least protect yourself against the potential fall.
only chess I know of..
Papa Elon gonna need a day off. But better he gets it now than when he's 90 and dies.
Use a website that doesn’t make me download some shit to play it
Europoors take over soon and the sell button is next to their alarm clocks
[deleted]
Short Covid
Ozark and Shameless are the best shows on. I get my moneys worth just with those 2 shows alone
[deleted]
gl bud see you around saturn
You’re retarded if you think we had 2 red days in a row. Go look at the charts.
Why is everyone freaking our about the covid Elon thing again?? Trump was fine and is in his 70s, I am sure Elon will be fine. If anyone worry about dumb investors panic selling because of it
Fuck nio I want stability what’s your secrets
Spy fucks...
So calls it is.
 [https://play.chess.com/wiY7](https://play.chess.com/wiY7)  who got the balls to challenge me???
[deleted]
Is there a checkers version or maybe Parcheesii?
If you do boomer investing in mutual funds, having a good advisor can get you way lower fees into top performing funds without having to worry about $1M+ min investment thresholds (almost to the point where the savings pay for the advisor). You then get a lot of other info/advice/access you wouldn't get elsewhere. But, most advisors won't talk to you unless you have a few hundred K to invest with them, but that's not super wealthy IMO
I hear ya. It's gonna be interesting to see where and how they manage that operating income. Almost all their growth is in media services now. Considering everything, they've managed really well coming from 53 million in daily revenue from parks in the past. Since the market is grossly efficient in looking forward, I can't imagine how high Disney stock price will be once the pandemic is behind us.
[deleted]
I’d prolly let an autistic kid play my account.... kid might be the next rain man.
I was asleep but then had a nightmare about huge ass ocean waves.  Watching futures is like running to your parents bedroom to be consoled after a nightmare.
Dan is not the man
RIP
[deleted]
Feb is gonna come and we’re still not gonna have a stimulus
Well, we've been all waiting for that spark!

It's getting nerve-wracking, although the MS announcement was only made some 3 weeks ago, thought it was longer.
It is I who nuts to that
Read earnings call transcript, you can learn about a company easily
[deleted]
Was hoping I'd be able to swipe right for a recovery pic..
Is it a possibility that GME could be the new Blockbuster by the middle of next year? If so, should I wait for GME to pump then buy cheaper Puts for July 16 2021? 

I just don’t see how they can keep a profit when  newer games can be downloaded. The new generation of gamers might not even care about having a physical disk anymore or play older used games on older consoles. If GME flops on the Q1 earnings call, wouldn’t a long term PUT be the answer?

Serious question...
make an account and post ur username homo
Lmao that’s awesome
lichess is for puss
Fidelity gang, also i wish i found this stock sooner 😖
Oh shit I didn’t even hear about that. Sounds like a good buy in tbh
[deleted]
PAPA MUSK HAS THE COVID
Love the colors, can I get it in rainbow 🌈 shades?
sleepy joe
I won't buy a Tesla either. So what? I don't give a fuck I'm here to make money.

Fucking beta testing self driving? Not unless I'm in a cybertruck.

That thing will be a problem. I literally want one to protect myself from them.
Just remember NQ futures were up yesterday too. Tread carefully. We're heading into bad news after bad news, right after the markets popped.
Who can challenge me???

[https://play.chess.com/wiY7](https://play.chess.com/wiY7)
[deleted]
Musky got the Rona, all EVs are fucked tomorrow.
[removed]
\*mooning = up 6 points
Aight im buying PLTR shares tomorrow.
Ya that’s valid
You have to have an account you ape. I’m playing randoms on WSB
Oh Shit I hadn’t heard. That’ll Probly make the stock moon for some reason lol!
If anyone bothered to read the most recent prospectus that NIO put out, there is absolutely no way they would continue to invest in them.

There are way too many red flags to list, but here's just a tiny bit of them:

* We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
   * Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interest**s**, and ability to protect their rights through U.S. courts may be limited because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law.
   * Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like us have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders of these companies.
* Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home country(?????), may differ significantly from the NYSE corporate governance listing standards.
   * We are a Cayman Islands company and our PRC subsidiaries are considered foreign-invested enterprises.
      * \[...\] It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China.
      * Shareholder claims or regulatory investigation that are common in the United States generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China.
* The majority of our revenues are derived from sales of our vehicles in China.
* We plan to mainly sell our vehicles in China for the near future.
* Changes in China's political or social conditions or government policies could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Substantially all of our revenues are expected to be derived in China in the near future and most of our operations, including all of our manufacturing, is conducted in China.
   * Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects are influenced by economic, political and legal developments in China.
   * The PRC government exercises significant control over China's economic growth through strategically allocating resources, controlling the payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies.
   * From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative
   * Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of any of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation.
   * On March 15, 2019, the National People's Congress promulgated the Foreign Investment Law, which has become effective on January 1, 2020
      * Since the Foreign Investment Law is newly enacted, uncertainties still exist in relation to its interpretation and implementation. The Foreign Investment Law does not explicitly classify whether variable interest entities that are controlled via contractual arrangements would be deemed as foreign invested enterprises if they are ultimately "controlled" by foreign investors.
      * Therefore, it still leaves leeway for future laws, administrative regulations or provisions to provide for contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. There can be no assurance that our contractual arrangements will not be deemed to be in violation of the market access requirements for foreign investment under the PRC laws and regulations.
   * As the interpretation and implementation of labor-related laws and regulations are still evolving, our employment practices may violate labor-related laws and regulations in China, which may subject us to labor disputes or government investigations. We cannot assure you that we have complied or will be able to comply with all labor-related law and regulations including those relating to obligations to make social insurance payments and contribute to the housing provident funds.
* To comply with the Catalogue before it is amended by the 2018 Negative List, we had planned to conduct certain operations that were then subject to restrictions on foreign investment under the Catalogue in China through Shanghai NIO Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., or NIO New Energy.
   * NIO Co., Ltd. owns 50% equity interests in NIO New Energy
   * Our founders Bin Li and Lihong Qin, through holding equity interests in Shanghai Anbin Technology Co., Ltd. indirectly own 40% and 10%, respectively, of the equity interests in NIO New Energy.
      * Because of the ownership of 50% equity interests of NIO New Energy and these contractual arrangements, we are the primary beneficiary of NIO New Energy and hence consolidate its financial results as our variable interest entity under U.S. GAAP.
      * In the opinion of Han Kun Law Offices, our PRC legal counsel, (i) the ownership structures of NIO Co., Ltd. And our variable interest entities in China do not result in any violation of PRC laws and regulations currently in effect;
      * However, we have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations and rules, and there can be no assurance that the PRC regulatory authorities will take a view that is consistent with the opinion of our PRC legal counsel.
* The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the People's Bank of China.
   * The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China.
   * We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB.
      * If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders
   * PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us.
It fucking better I have 24c 11/20
Why do you guys stay awake watching futes. It's been doing the same shit since tuesday
You’re just jealous yours is too small
I will be messaging you in 14 days on [**2020-11-27 07:00:06 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-27%2007:00:06%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtbqk2/musk_may_have_the_covid/gc4rzn6/?context=3)

[**10 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtbqk2%2Fmusk_may_have_the_covid%2Fgc4rzn6%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-27%2007%3A00%3A06%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtbqk2)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Wanted to set up for the Moderna pump coming and Pfizer’s safety data due next week

And gasoline / distillate is doing much much better than April, PSX also crushed EPS and almost broke even despite the environment we’re in. I don’t touch XLE or upstream/drilling but Phillips 66 is a different beast. Apparently didn’t matter, down 7% on the day just like that
or money printer goes Brrr...

(Especially when we go communist)
One thing is for certain.  WSB loves EVs and every time I brought into it I lo$t
Immediate ban mods
They say NIO has a lot of retard strength but is too overbought for even the retards at this point

Haven’t we learned from TSLA that there is no such thing as overbought when it comes to retard strength?
what kind of an animal uses chess.org, chess.com campeo do mundial
Hence, "stop the count"
PLUG to 27 tmrw?
So I used to go to this church in college and the pastor popped in my people you may know.  Clicked on him and he’s a fucking “day trader” now with posts about crayons and buy signals on nio and xpev lmfao. Bet he’s reading this now
RemindMe! In 14 days

Edit: you’re in the clear!
Retards, they did the same thing with SPCE few months ago when it mooned to almost 40$

Positions - bought NIO at 4$ and sold at 6$, fuck my life.
Outback...
I don’t like peering into the mirror on psychedelics lol
I meant cause Elon might have covid.
Might be a good time to buy Dec20 / Jan21 calls as the SP dips
It took me far too long to realize this is BDX. Their branding sucks
[deleted]
lol that was good
That’s what I call wallstreetbets
Trump was outvoted

Now who is the coon?

The hypocrisy is spectacular 

I won't invest in a toon.
[deleted]
step 1: buy TQQQ calls when it’s on an uptrend or about to break out

step 2: set limit sell for 30% 

step 3: go back to sleep
President Xi better not change his mind. We all deserve a win here. Literally no one fucking loses if nio and xpeng are successful.
Fucking 2020.
[deleted]
This latest bull run has been a really fun game of "how many years of uninterrupted growth can we price in"

inb4 muh yield starved funds. Eventually a company reaches a valuation so high that the expected yield over the next 10 years goes negative.
[deleted]
I don't understand what people mean by contracts and options?
Jordan Peterson said in a class lecture a few years ago something to the effect of 

"We know that as the spread of contagion rises through a society the rate at which it becomes authoritarian increases rapidly"

It's not that the constitution has failed us, we've failed the constitution.
Def chad like
I'm assuming you thought the crash was never going to end
Nio!
Grimes will be made new TSLA CEO.
thats unironically a really solid point as dumb as it sounds
10-8

Das it, ggs boys
Wrx?
Ban
i will but only if  you post a lichess link
Dropped 1% today? Hardly what I’d call “taking a shit”. I don’t think I’ll touch it over $400. $350ish is preferred. Lol, are boomers born in the 90’s now?
Tesla puts. Got it.
Too bad I drive a 2013 subaru
depending on her entries and exits... could have made a lot lmao
What kind of retard would consider buying stocks, cashing out in 5 years, a fucking YOLO? Of course, only op.
But do we go 320 or to 310 this time?
Puts on GME then and their radical new use of Microsoft Teams 🤡
Honestly Elon is a good businessman but his denial for science is mind boggling. I know he wants to open his factory and says stupid things but man Elon isn’t a good role model for science. He was just a lucky businessman who entered EV and Space business at the right time.
Imagine if Elon dies from COVID
Why didn’t I just keep buying aapl options 🤷‍♂️
bet
After a month of doing it for the lulz

"Yo why is my Xbox overheating"
Yeah eventually, shares don't have an expiration date
[removed]
dump eet
[removed]
but then it goes opposite of the adjusted play?!
Mods ban this blasphemer! Sigh.. may the spirit of jpow have mercy on your soul you lost child
buying more puts and ready to sell all the credit call spreads on SPY i can today
Daddy likes
I agree with the guy below on getting a leap. A lot of these covid value plays are in a position where either they go fuckin bankrupt or have so much debt that they may as well be, or they live to fight another day and rebound. Calls are the perfect play here because calls thrive on price movements where the probabilities have fat tails, i.e ford either dies a shit death or ford moons. In the former, you lose less with a call than shares, in the latter, you make more with a call than with shares. If Ford is at the same price in 2 years I'll be shocked.

That said, I don't think Ford is attractive at this price personally. If I were you I wouldn't play it, but if you are going to play it and you want limited downside and still capture the upside, buy LEAPs 2 years out.

It sounds like financial advice but it isn't because I can't give that shit.
Dan Purdy
IYKYK
When everyone shorts....
Oh, I didn’t know. I’ve just been seeing lots of videos on social media.
[deleted]
I...
Don't care?
Yeah it makes no sense. Futures were flat yesterday and we all know how that went once markets opened.
Watch, they’ll print too.
Drill team 6 fucking died in late March when the market corrected and GAY POW raped everyone on drill team 6 with his monster cock
We ain't buying the stock, just betting which way they'll go
[removed]
Damn, people get financial advice on Tik Tok? Bring those retards home to this sub
NIO
[deleted]
Insane amount of puts for the s&p right now. The expiry of the 16th has more than double the put volume to calls. Tomorrow is your last day to buy some puts before it fucks down in the short term.  This is peak numero 3. Calling it here. And so are the MM's who are hedging the shit outta this market. Coronavirus spiking, shutting shit down in NY, no stimulus in very near sight. Were going down. Fuck your vaccine, it isn't ready yet.
I guess old money is rotten by now.
there is a risk you know, you could lose the 500k if there's some king of unforeseen event to fuck your strategy, so people are not willing to take the risk I guess.
Dumb as fuck
Anyone have any solid plays
9-8

[https://chess.org/play/d7a9923b-0bf0-492a-a439-72cbdc2d51f2](https://chess.org/play/d7a9923b-0bf0-492a-a439-72cbdc2d51f2)

alright im out at 10 wins or 10 losses. WSB got the combined IQ of a peanut?
I think it has been proven that it is people fucking around and blowing their vape smoke into it
CARR has been a slow motion NIO since their IPO. These mother fuckers never drop. And they’re American! God Dammit! They’ve got like 50k employees. Favorite thing I own. But very boring. Just thought I’d share though. Shit’s pretty solid. I also have NIO calls. And suck at trading
Greed, for lack of a better word, is not bad actually it's kind of alright.
All these people saying 1mil is the dream but when they themselves get to 1mil you know they are already going for 2. True autistm i like that.
Your wish has been granted, boomer
JODYS BANGING HER BRAINS OUT BACK AT HOME
56k was enough for a good Tesla smh
Theta gang goes under 0 sometimes 🤡🤡
I really hope these futures paint a picture for tomorrow. Personally want a very green Friday, bloody Monday and steady climb back up that looks “fair.”
[deleted]
fake news. he neglected to mention the finger up his ahole
The primary effect of THC is elevated blood pressure.
NIO is the acronym for that.
[deleted]
So like, fuck american stocks, go chinese? what is this commie bullsiht
I mean Dr Phil compared Covid to pool drownings, so if you want to listen to stupid TV personalities, go all in on pools.
Lol
Algos don’t run on the shaman though
[deleted]
The oldest zoomer is 25, so yeah kinda
For this sub... It's the equivalent of those geese in Scotland that just jump off the edge of the nest for Iike hundreds of feet only to hit sharp rocks, saying "nah... I think I'm just going to NOT do that and... one day when I'm older, not be an asshole by having baby geese on the side of Mount Doom".

It's in their nature to be dumb fucks and never learn.
#you win some, you lose some, but you always go to 0 in the end
Still can’t believe Jotaro dies to fucking Pucci how you gonna do my boi like that?
Idk if this is already well known around here but have you guys seen all the videos of the new Xboxes smoking? Puts on MSFT??
Don’t fuck with the mouse
How many times have futures been green and then completely dump before open
Pic or it didn't happen
[deleted]
Elon got the COVID

Tech gonna moon

Chinese stocks are popular

But Xi Jinping will come for you soon
[deleted]
I lost 💦
If futures are gay, I’m gay
Sir, my graph says I’m red
We just had 2 fucking red days pal, 3rd time ain’t the charm. Don’t worry tho I would’ve done the same retarded shit
Man haven't even posted any /r/investing shit yet.
Nah fuck these fake ass futes. SPY 345 EOD just diamond hand dont bitch out and sell
Interesting.  Did u go for 2nd round while it was hard?
Big tech dildo
[deleted]
You just gotta bet against them when they fly too close to the sun. I've lost a couple times on ZM puts, and I've won a couple times. I'm barely ahead though, and I've tried to be careful :/
basically the stock market lol
Invest in Chinese restaurants. They are cheap, good takeout play for the pandemic, and all those pets that are dumped out on the street after covid ends will lower operating costs.
Man don't touch oil with cases higher than they were in April.
#drill team 6 assemble in 15
Will snap go up or go down shiet
Yeah just respawn
PRPL gang!! For real tho. I never imagine myself to invest in a boring company such as mattress manufacturer.
However, it is very rare that a manufacturer are running out of production capacity to keep up with the demands.
Also, the prospect of their non-mattress product line is also very exciting.
By this time next year, 5bn market cap should be a very probable outcome!
You can't execute fast enough, Fidelity doesn't have a day trading platform so you were fucked from min 1. Great job
[deleted]
different typa fomo
Now do it backwards
Who is your source in the CCP? Is it Mr. M Yass?
Voting and testing are the worst things to happen to Trump. The more people vote or test, the numbers skew out of his favor.
Yeah, I don’t have faith in him.
🦠
I jerked off after smoking weed for the first time in like 4 years and my dick stayed hard for a solid 10 minutes after climax. Absolutely insane
They’re not even value stocks anymore lmaoo
I’ve noticed this too. People can’t think for themselves.
Melatonin 3mg
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2020/11/04/why-the-bond-market-might-keep-americas-next-president-awake-at-night
If they posted about buying this many stocks in NIO back when it was at this price, this sub would've called him retarded. Now they're retarded for not buying options instead. You just can't win.
Ban
Well boys, bears are no more
Really have to search for good shit. There’s some stuff that is cool. Most stuff though yah hit trash.
He’s probably talking ab voter fraud lol
I had the same situation back in stoptober, you can do it!
"internet of things is some dumb poor people shit" is a fresh take my man
It would be nice to see some volume on spy, up or down
I have taken a shit ton of mushrooms and realized I’m basically just a weird, fleshy monkey.
Join the discord brobro
ohhh
Haven’t been checking futures for a straight week now. I forgot how good it felt to sleep again, I panic in the morning on a full tank of retard energy. Stop checking it, go to sleep.
No I’m a Robinhood trader
If there's one thing I've learned this year, the market does the exact opposite of what you would expect, adjust your trades accordingly
Anytime someone posts a controversial comment, it’s always the first vote that tells the story, if it’s a downvote, boom -8 votes, if it’s an upvote, shooting up to 10+ votes
would you guys be surprise if value stocks going up tomorrow lol?
[removed]
I made some tiny scraps buying slack when I knew a major company was gonna use it, bought fedex when it was low, corsiar when that shit was happening and my best move propane. If I had balls the small amounts I put in could have been swoll.
If by green you mean #red then yes
Typical IPO lockup expirations. Usually they are worse news for new IPOs without profits and poor cash flows, and poor business outlook. (I.e. insiders have to cash out before it gets worse)

Corsair has none of those issues. If anything, the stock is cheap. Some will sell but most will hold because they can sell it at higher price when the stock goes up more
That’s because he’s half robot lol. Or alien
True that I got PTON calls so hopefully we seem some Covid lockdowns
Futures ripping up now
[deleted]
SPY
&#x200B;

> this ~~market~~ ~~pandemic~~ sub has turned ~~everyone~~ yo mama who was interested in ~~investing~~ sex and making some extra money into lifetime degenerate gamblers.
Hey if someone says "hey look there's a bridge with a precipitous drop" that's not a suggestion to jump!

Nor is this post a suggestion that SOLO isn't a good idea.
pltr is some good shit. Might go down short term because it ran up 50%, but I'm gonna be holding that shit a long time. It's one of the few things I have confidence in of this bubble market.
#It’s the same loss percentage but you’re far more likely to end in the red

Source: tested
Selling stock at the right time ≠ not believing in science
it make so much sense bro but i always lose in this market when things made too much sense lmao so idk
I need sleeping pills dang
[deleted]
Yo he even tweeted that he has symptoms of a typical cold you dumbfuck
[deleted]
JD 12/18 100c tomorrow
Ok deleted. lot of earnings coming out for ev stocks next week. Are you going to buy early or wait for post earnings drop?
I have to listen toRATM when I look at it
Umadbro
[removed]
YOU ARE NOT BLACK, YOU ARE NOT WHITE, YOU ARE NOT YELLOW, RED, GAY STRAIGHT, OR WHATEVER THE FUCK ELSE

YOU ARE NOW **GREEN** YOU ARE ONLY **GREEN** YOUR COLOR IS **GREEN**
So you look like an even bigger retard in the loss porn pics.  Good call.
Yes
Why is it dropping so much?
[deleted]
🍺 🦠
If tsla sells off tomorrow that will be the biggest buy the dip moment of all time... free money x 100,000
On occasion ;)
[deleted]
hopefully it gives me some redemption on my calls expiring tomorrow
Oh no, Elon possibly has the overhyped bullshit meme cold that definitely won’t kill him. TSLA is doomed!
Papa Elon has covid. Rip TSLA
Jim Cramer is da homie
Sometimes I just stare at it
https://mobile.twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1327032993031069701

Guess Trump wants bragging rights on staying #1! USA #1
SPY OPEN @ 357
I looked at the different call options with various expiration dates. The longer the expiration date, the more expensive the contract price (at this point in time), which makes sense. May 2021 had the right balance of pricing and expiration date to make good money
SOLO is a Canadian company.
[deleted]
Same. Fingers crossed!
Big tech big moves
i kind of hate that i can’t find level 2 data on my desktop, but i can on my phone
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/degeneratedan the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
#who else here buys the further out otm call when the one closer in is the same price
first time i bought qqq puts I lucked out. Tried it again and got fukt.
Where can I purchase a print of this, sir
so to sum up: inverse yourself
Why the fuck did I listen to Cramer and buy BABA?
8-8

[https://chess.org/play/487844a5-349e-4983-8660-54cdf9014c82](https://chess.org/play/487844a5-349e-4983-8660-54cdf9014c82)

people love joining that are on mobile and cant play
Fear of missing out
NJ snuck legalizing shrooms into their pot bill - CMPS

Proposition 420 "the do whatever you want law"
Do y’all ever just look in the mirror and go wow.. i’m a human.. I’m really in this bitch
Can confirm for mods if needed. I’ll write you a check for negative $12k
Explains why stocks were so cheap when we had record low cases.
[deleted]
[deleted]
🦠
i felt that pain bro sorry
[deleted]
My puts are fucked bye bye $1.5k
Just like there’s an unlimited amount of money to tap into the stock market, there’s an unlimited amount of pussy to plow into out there man. Time heals, you’ll be gucci in a few trading sessions.
Puts on consumer sentiment
Futures kinda gay
Bet we are ripping one way or the other tomorrow. Not gonna be this sideways crap.
real shit? bout to go biking for ass then
None of this matters till europe opens.
Needed that.  Thanks.  First reply to me not from automod and its beautiful.
[deleted]
I feel like it's just habit at this point. I keep paying for it even though pretty much everything on there is hot trash
of course why wouldn't they? Stocks go up as covid cases go up
TSLA call holders hate him!
17th
return (rand() < 0.5? positive : negative)
we live in an experiment, and newsflash- you aren't the control group.
y
Why didn’t you just wheel SPY and go theta gang, could’ve made a good amount with that
[deleted]
idk prolly 🌈🐻
ba puts was the play
D o w n s (yndrome) i d e r i s k
so puts
[deleted]
500k definitely isn’t enough to be a MM. It is an amount you could reasonably have saved up by 40 though. At that point I feel like I’d just retire. Do most people just not know you can do this?
So if your goal is to lose money you should invest in my Venmo, guaranteed money pit for anyone that wants one.
Jeff Fischer?  Never mind not 7-9
How are people feeling about Disney? I get puts seemed obvious but Disney's guidance looks strong considering covid. Seems like they're media streaming division is growing enough to forgo the dividend and use it to invest in Disney+

73 million subscribers is no joke. Disney+ has barely been around a year. I have calls so I'm probably fucked anyway.
Printer might be going offline boys
That’s what you concluded from the entire tweet. Fuck people are retarded
#whos favorite feature on rh is the toggle between the stick chart and the volume chart
Praying for you TSLA call holders now
Europoors are you excited for the Grand Prix this weekend?
Fuck off
who told you about the world? Return to your house and put your mask on.
Umm...did futures just go blood green? Dafaq?
you are the embodiment why humanity don't deserve Elon
I think stay at homes are going to go crazy and travel is gonna get clapped
Theta gang thanks you for stopping by and hope to see you again soon in our fine establishments
Rapid tests have a 33% false positive rate I believe. Or something close to that
Lmao Looks like the continental shelf. OP stated on dry land and is now deep underwater.
So i sold 15 x NIO 48 0 day calls thinking earnings were today you troll fucks... prob will still make money but fuck you/thank you i would die without u all
Not my NKLA puts bitch
he is an idiot
Get calls at SPY 352 every time
Yep I've been performin' futures T&A for decades and there's a very clear "Bears Are Idiots for Buying Puts" signal on the chart right now.
100 Shares of NIO "the trend is your friend"
[deleted]
Depends, u gay?
I bought calls on PSX today after a bullish report for refiners, no shit it went down about 5% in like an hour right after that on no news

Followed that up with some SPY puts

How was your trading day
No one gives a fuck that you think you’re good at a board game, f a g g o t
Netflix and chill bruh.
[removed]
8-8

[https://chess.org/play/657fbeb2-de27-40bf-add5-b6b071dfc9ef](https://chess.org/play/657fbeb2-de27-40bf-add5-b6b071dfc9ef)

if youre on mobile stop joining, pretty sure it doesnt work. this is a PC only game you cucks
[deleted]
algos, run ElonGotCovid.exe
I use it every day and have a 4 year college degree
If I wanted a boring sideways fuck, I'd call up my ex.
very reliable starting now to market open
The US actually has a glut of families wanting to adopt.  There's actually a waiting list to adopt a child.  It's just older kids that have trouble finding a home as many parents aren't willing to deal with the emotional and behavior baggage that they have developed.
 yes, you fucking retard, in the news business, bigger organizations have the resources and reach to actually fact check their stories.

people like you ignore what you don't want to hear, while people like me, unfortunately, give you the time of day and listen to your tin-foil topics knowing you cannot and will not accept critique.
bearish on tesla but seriously if we lose Elon to covid and Donny was okay in a week there is no justice, or there was never justice in the first place
will my ZM and NFLX fd be ok tmr ... thx
what yall think.. calls on PLTR or DKNG?
Woot no message telling me to fuck off.  Right on now don't have to delete messages in my main account all time to hide from other subs I hang with you degenerates.
shaman says buy calls
Headache. At least I can get rid of the stomach ache with a shit sometimes. Headaches your fucked.
I’m at a 4 year old reading level. If that helps
I hate how much I was into her so much, probably going to take a trading break unless we’re deep green
[removed]
Love that
Blood flat
so how reliable are futures
Big green Dild's on the Nasdaq bois
Sorry bro.
[deleted]
The actual eps is -0.94 but they said a lot of it is on account of listing the stock ... there’s an article out there somewhere but the report as a whole was above average at best in my eyes for a first report
find the most reasonable leap at 0.80 and buy 10 contracts instead
I have the 24k
Ban
Why is netflix so popular?
> this ~~market~~ pandemic has turned everyone who was interested in investing and making some extra money into lifetime degenerate gamblers.
Lets see if this account now old enough.
Well thanks for the feedback
Not dido!
i do know the platform... its shet and its only 1 platform which makes it shitier

the only reason y its sustaniable cause little shets steal ther parrents cards  and can't affoard pricy pc's to play fortnite

theres only so much growth u can make on 1 game

meme stonk through and through
Red dawn....
About as reliable as the annual bone ritual.
[deleted]
Might be late and have answered somewhere else but...what happened here?
IBIO, PLTR and NIO full meme holdings in my portfolio, plus more LORL and MAXR  6 months and 1 yearl long calls, and gay NOK that fucked me for Nov
The world is overpriced! puts on the world
I saw what he said lol. Media is really running this one in the most dishonest way
8-8

[https://chess.org/play/a24dfbdb-f8b4-4c1b-aaa5-84b3446acadb](https://chess.org/play/a24dfbdb-f8b4-4c1b-aaa5-84b3446acadb)

this winning streak had to stop sometime. next person guaranteed gets fucked. i snapped back to reality
Cases high deaths low.
Who cares? she’s for the streets now bro
If it’s a bad stomachache than it fucking sucks balls
Puts on Alibaba Intelligence. Puts on Chinese English Teachers. Calls on BABA
It is well known in the tech community they hire the best engineers in the world.  If the TAM is too small they'll expand their product line.  Gotham TAM was too small before foundry came along.  I'm investing in the team and the vision.
We really do live in a society
Honestly just salty because of fomo but too scared to hop in now NIO LI XPEV 11/20P
Futures r mooning
[deleted]
Retard musk and jack ma gonna fuck my position with irresponsible comments.
and..... we're pumping again
Stfu u poor
SHREK JUST ENTERED THE BUILDING
People who bet against zoom are really fucking brave I’ll give them that
Ex matched with an old friend of mine like two weeks after we broke up, it didn’t go anywhere but damn. Feel like I got played big time . Just found out tonight 0
Should I get 100 shares of Ford?
Yeah its gay
It was an antigen test not an antibody test. It would mean he currently has it
I'd trust the local village shaman before I trusted TA.
A stripper I banged once hit me up on snapchat and asked what stocks she should invest in. I told her NKLA, GME and CCL. dumb bitch
Agreed head ache can be cured with drugs easier
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck futures all my homies hate futures
holy that red dildo
I just need FSLY to hit $110 real quick so I can break even
#nah ssss calls only, no brainer
Yeah do not hold through earnings
Nah
stonks aside this painting is fabulous
Famous last words
Just give him a few more months.
Maybe the degenerate gamblers just found the market 🤔
1 word.....greed
my friend bought 10,000 shares of NIO at about $1.5 and sold them at 3\~4. Still a pretty good gain though but look what the fuck has he missed
i fucking hate weekends ever since I started trading
#sure sound like you do
I think most of us are doing calls cuz we need to make the 500k first
If you risk too much youre likely going to lose all your money like everyone else on this sub
Who wants to play chess against me??? 

[https://play.chess.com/UuN8](https://play.chess.com/UuN8)
Damnnn eurorich
This sucks. Luckily holding JAN 2023 $200C.
Edit: nevermind.  Misread as antibody test.  He said antigen test, which is for an active infection.  Not as sensitive as the molecular test.
Holy fwucking shit I’ve been waiting all night to see futures go unanimously green now I can finally fall asleep peacefully
It’ll probs pop when the race is over for ev dominance
That ‘s one big green dildo
Calls on heavens gains
Long is not a bad idea. People got more pets during covid and they’re not gonna stop buying stuff for them
this market has turned everyone who was interested in investing and making some extra money into lifetime degenerate gamblers.
Just a few FD puts. Yes, it’s not like it’s going to go straight up necessarily. It’s been green for three days now and people take profits on Fridays.
True but man, they help make rational decisions when under emotional pressure from the market lol
#i actually don’t have puts son
Good job man. How do it better this time.
Also I read somewhere something about them not being able to dump shares on the market but it’ll open up in December. What do you think about that?
is a margin call when your wife’s boyfriend stops giving you an allowance
they do, they go by the alias MM around these parts
Elon’s a fucking pussy. Six months ago he woulda tweeted this during market hours and tanked the stock 10%, now he waits til midnight to announce it so all you reactionary retards have time to use your brains
70 sometime within a week
This is where my no nut ends.
>meone actually good play

lets go
#wendy tendy
[deleted]
That’s some interesting math cotton
Nice, you’ll have quit and be ripped. Best of all worlds lol.
>Detroit


>ok suburb
#stop shilling your puts, they’re going to expire worthless
Gtfo with ur lil babydick account no one cares bout that shit
I’m in it as of today bruh
All companies in China are tied to Chinese military. It’s just a matter of time before it’s officially on the list.
Disney plus was great this quarter  you think it will boost roku or Netflix shares?
Chad is that you?
[deleted]
wtf I never heard anyone talk about Den of Thieves, movie is legit good
....that's mental age. 

They are set.
#because we can make far more money on calls
[sauce](https://dribbble.com/shots/3250048-bear-pretending-to-be-a-bull)
Anyone have thoughts on CHWY?
Connect 4 ill tear you a new anus
Why would they not just have their full name in Italian. Strange.
I'm kind of a genius.. Intel calls all in. Trust me.
[deleted]
That means more red to come. Think of all the great loss porn once they all lose everything they made on nio and then some
Imagine if it’s a rally.
I found taking it with a yogurt, Banana or protein shake in the morning helped even it out a ton.

I stopped taking it because I graduated college and my workload wasn’t so heavy anymore. I also was having trouble sleeping and eating. Recent got on adderall, but I only take 5mg instant here and there if my day is hectic or I’m groggy.
[deleted]
**GUH**
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Bitch You Ain&#39;t Shit    ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqJ_I0jQEGo) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqJ_I0jQEGo)⠀►►⠀ 2:04 / 3:06 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[LMAO](https://twitter.com/taconicst/status/1326651627948953601?s=21)
I guarantee your company uses DocuSign... and I guarantee every new company is buying DocuSign. It’s impossible to do business right now without it, and nobody is going back once they use it, then they buy springCM, the AI add ons, and whatever else they end up acquiring. The potential is incredibly undervalued at $212 with no splits. LVGO was doubling revenue YOY before Covid and TDOC is $70 off its highs.
why is everyone so bulllish on FSLY tonght?
You're an inspiration.
Alexa play you a Bitch by t!m3line
That’s absolutely unbelievable
Whoaaaa! Bear r fuk (but what else is new?).
You have a problem bud. Congrats
Tesla puts
#imagine ppl buying calls during the pandemic when only 10% of the US has been infected
Thanks bro. I already workout like 2 hours every day. No homo, but I’m going to try reading more this week to take my mind off it
App name?
>Large organizations are inherently more truthful than smaller ones

LMAO you belong here bro
BABA bagholder gang. I averaged down to 289 on the first dip and then it dipped even harder 🤡
Had dis puts 11.13 :( RIP to my account
Stonks have turned me into a terrible person.

I find out Papa Musk has The Rona and my first thought is *Is this good or bad for my Zoom calls?*
Dude, crayons is hard enough. Why you gotta bring planets and shit into the mix?
Rapid antigen test is garbage. He should have done PCR.
Don't kink shame..
Did you get puts or sold calls? All this talk about lockdowns and after it dipped heavy already?
wtf, this is worse than Jack Ma talking in english
[deleted]
Every muscle in my body clenches in animalistic fear the moment you paused before the big dip. Major F dude D:
how do i be the kind stranger that gives the gold
Yeah for sure. Just gotta keep it breezy and find a good balance
Chinese EV markets bubble getting very close to a needle get ready for the pop 🚨🚨
Left the tendies in the oven too long
Eagerly awaiting WSB teenagers reaction to their first China hustle
#The great crash of Friday, the 13th of the fabulous year of 2020.
You got this titfucker.

Replace it with exercise! Much easier to quit if you replace it.
can't wait til tech stonks do the same after having all the bears tell me its gonna tank more...

when i ask them y they tell me that they can feel it

&#x200B;

the only thing a gay bear feels is tears
Yeah a lot of the new good shit at that time was being bought from the original Silk Road, that place was legit before it got roped.

It’s funny though, because if I actually found 25-I now I’m able to confirm the compound. Currently I’m the head R+D chemist a large lab network now so I have four LC-MS/MS’s & 3 GC-MS/MS’s at my disposal to run whatever with very little oversight.

So if I get something someone calls 25-I, I can just rip like 1/25th of it off & dissolve in methanol, set up a method with the literature MRM transitions (using www.sci-hub.se for free papers if you aren’t already), & confirm the presence or absence myself.

Tangent aside, I’m happy they’re decriminalizing shrooms & the like but I feel like there’s gonna be a lot of bad trip stories in the near future that will initially stir up a bunch of bullshit
I really never smoked any cigs again after vaping
You right, but I still ain’t holding a purse.
FSR AND SOLO
Feel like any retard could buy a put spread on NIO tomorrow and make bank to combat IV?
That’s the truth. Smoked cigarettes sometimes, tired chew. But vapes are just so easy, hit it anywhere, anytime. I can blow through a juul pod a day easily.
I mean, us Disney put holders for the month are feeling cooozy. It dropped 5 of its 7 gain after earnings. I have puts I mean winners
8-7

[https://chess.org/play/8eb2112d-af92-40c6-ba5e-094f9279f2c0](https://chess.org/play/8eb2112d-af92-40c6-ba5e-094f9279f2c0)

can someone actually good play me?
#the best part of being bear gang is free tendy
CHWY calls bruh
So spy dumping to 350 tomorrow or nah
Appreciate the recommendation man trying a new regime and liking it so far. Be cool to curb some side effects because I actually feel productive happy and motivated for once lol
[deleted]
Most overrated technology people use? Google Home and Amazon Echos. The only people I know with those are poor and uneducated.
Like this if you pee sitting down.
your dad is a good kisser
Sir, you are the kool-aid man. Oh, yeah!
I edge first.  Fast,Slow,fast,slow,fast bingo!
Seriously, start selling covered weekly calls. You can sell 20 calls a week out for almost $100 each. Expires worthless if the stock doesn't jump up over 34% in one week.
elon tweeted about his covid tests being bogus, mentioned the type of test and manufacturer, not a yolo im just using 50 bucks on a silly put play
He had a garage to build Amazon. That makes him an automatic millionaire in my book. Can't afford one these days.
Yes, by and large I believe the facts that are presented in news reports by what you call the main stream media, because I understand the quantity & quality of journalists & sources involved in producing news stories, as well as the editorial standards that actual, bonafide news publications have in place. 

You, on the other hand, just by phrasing it as the main stream media, are suggesting that some other stream of news -- small time reporting, individuals with opinions on twitter -- are somehow superior to large organizations who publish news. 

is that what you're saying?  

to think that you have some superior insight into what is actually happening globally because you follow some low budget, politically motivated (all media is politically motivated, recognize that, because people are involved in news decisions) website / twitter account is frankly very scary to me, because it implies that you have a disregard for organizational size as evidence of truthfulness. 

The simple truth is that in large media organizations, with large amounts of educated people, falsehoods don't last long. Yes, they can underreport on topics you care about, but it is actually small organizations which pose the greatest fraud (fake news) risk, simply because there is no verification infrastructure in place. 

please do respond to this
This is what I was really looking for, now I know I’m safe
Why 90? It’s not even at 80 yet
PLTR 🆙 SSSS 🆙
[deleted]
They can't legally sell based on insider info but can legally time news to coincide with their pre planned sale
Anybody watch Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps on Prime? Is it worth watching?
Who cares just buy LI when the tendie store opens tomorrow. They’re giving them away. Like XPEV did.
Same, bought 350p's at open and were up 150% but that bullshit pump at the end fucked me. 345 eod would be excellent
I recommend yogi tea, different types for different purposes... tangerine energy tea has caffeine, then you have bedtime tea, detox tea, etc... it’s my favorite
xii
This subreddit is the last of the Mohicans of what Reddit used to be. All I see now is political propaganda, reposts, soyboys, and white knights across the board

THANKS FOR THE GOLD KIND SIR!
So, talk to a CPA. Consider your options. May be a plan to invest a lot of it safely and try to roll it into long term capital gains to hugely reduce the taxes. Or not. Talk to a CPA!!
Try 120
Someone dm me if ps5 back in stock plz
It’s Friday the 13th OMG
I can’t even read this
sure
they dump around 500
.2 to .3g’s of mushrooms gives me so much energy and feel good. Can’t concentrate as well though
So is Twitter gonna start monitoring Elon now? Can’t have those kind of “misinformation”/actual fact tweets  out there

Edit: also when the fuck is NIO earnings you godamn trolls
Let me guess moderns ceo announced he is selling stocks 3 months ago.
What's more annoying a headache or a stomach ache?
U/WallStreetBooyah is this you?
It's like cumming I guess. Subsequent ejaculations take more effort
Elon tested Aladeen for Covid
Faster than nutting to tesla calls though?  Doubt it
I am what would you like me to sign into law
“I have a friend who is an ICU doc”
Sorry for your loss
COVID TEAM 6 REPORTING IN 🍺 🦠
Let's do 5 min?
Damn i just realized tomorrow is friday. Which means Market will be closed for two days. 😔
Those aren't "chicks." Don't be disrespectful. Those are thots.
That’s got what that F A G G O T said while I fucked him in the ass last night.
It’s Elon he’ll be fine
Nah not really.

My last boss was crazy successful and also microdosed zooms on a regular basis.

I like these 1/4 gram zoom salted caramel chocolates I get. It's an extra medium micro dose. I think a true microdose is more like .1
sooo mega green at open? or will the 4 am sellers come in hot
Ok. First of all. Fuck.
Second of all, put your AirPods in, start a song and have double tap activated. Now slap your head. Yeah. That changed the song huh. Now take those out and hit your head twice. Programmed mother fuckers. 

It’s programmed thru need of phone not direct biochemistry. 

Welcome to the end of the world.
For real? What’re we talking here? Earl Grey?
This guy gets it ^. Thought vyvanse was effective, then tried tea. Didn’t think I’d needed to sleep forever
 [**Assassino9**](https://www.chess.com/member/assassino9) **challenge me to a 10 min game!**
No
if it were a game company that had multiple ip's atvi i would jump on 

but roblox is just 1 game and honestly a big game company could try and make ther own and fight them...

literally a meme stonk
FSLY gonna make me nut Fastly tomorrow if it closes near 90
Jesus Christ you must be from the future
Sound advice. I skipped lunch but ensured I ate a good dinner. I’m a hydro homie so I slug water with the best of em. What made you stop?
I sold all today, if I learned something about trading this shit, Fridays is bad and it always dips in the am. So if it dips to $42-43 I'll buy back in and ride a bit more, but nio is buy the rumor sell the news kinda stock. Good luck retards
DRILL TEAM SIX STILL A THING OR THEY GOT WIPED?
Wake up roll over hit the vape and lay in bed like a degenerate. I quit that shit a couple months back I couldn’t breathe anymore after running
Obviously. 32k to 1mil is a 3000%+ return. The only way you would ever see that one a weekend is if you bought thousands of like 270 spy puts and we had a black Monday. Or you’re inside trading on some shit like that cancer drug company that hit this week. It’s impossible 😂 you could conceivably make 500% a week 5 weeks and a row and hit 1mil but still. Retardedly risky. I only made 600%+ over the last 2 weeks because I made a couple risky plays, deposited money to double down on plays that worked luckily and I was only at about 1100 2 weeks ago. Big % is much easier to make the less you have in the market. Liquidity’s a bitch.
It’s actually possible if they have two separate, sometimes 3 (super rare).
Bro ACB’s gotchu
Low volume and I haven’t heard about this stock tbh. What’s your thesis?
lol
You better be selling covered calls once it levels off!
First ones free 😌
It's gotta be just as difficult to lose 99% than to gain 99%. Inverse positions?
easily wheel baba
Auto correct got me. “Sure hope that’s not the case”
Options
cause it doesn't work. They are desperate to get testing so they approve anything for use. That's why that cruise ship had a covid outbreak even though everyone was tested over and over before getting on the cruise.
Calls on NIO
It’s ok i have a couple ten baggers.
Y’all remember the last Friday the 13th? Back in March?
#we don’t crash 👏 we don’t fall 👏 we’re bear gang 🐻
It’s gonna be weekend by open for ya boi
I’m not single but when I was it was the best way to meet women!
Bring it on
You could call it that...

https://www.bd.com/en-us
Time to buy some puts boys
I’ve been in since sub 10. 100% gain in this market are peanuts at this point. I don’t disagree it’s been a good run but I have many reasons to believe we’re just getting started
They got Elon....Short Tesla, Long NIO
Lmfao, surprised I’ve never seen that before
Lowest I've seen vix in 2 days
[deleted]
I'm talking to fuking bots here. My dad is right again.
Relax I’m 50k in it’s going back up
whos next in line after xi?
Sure that’s not the case
Why is that? Do you suffer from mental illness?
Drink some tea
who the bitch is white and why did they bring out their king ????
SSSSaucey
Thank god I bought puts
thanks!
Leverage
Elon tested positive twice and negative twice?!
He’s right.
Yeah for sure I’m pretty reasonable.
Elon got the COVID
Y’all still picking up PDD? My guess is it keeps running all quarter
Big dick ?
You’ve got the wrong idea. Independent is not necessarily centrist.
wanna play a game?? I beat your ass for sure. Chess.com
Yes! Sometimes I stay in the shitter at Sbux for a week long just to prove a point. I buy pizza lunchables on sale and then camp out in the stalls.
Explaining options to someone:

Yeah uumm well you know how stocks only go up 5%?

Yeah well this shit goes up 600%
 Something extremely bogus is going on. Was tested for autism four times today. Two tests came back negative, two came back positive. Same computer, same squiggly line, same anxiety. Rapid brain cells destruction from RH.

\- Melon Muskrat
Of course. It gets harder to fight each time.  😔
It's a mastectomy actually.
We r the algorithm
🤡🤳
ZM red tomorrow please
Sunk 9k into a BABA position at 287 thinking I was getting a steal, thanks a lot Jack Ma
Just started today
You don't want to hold til exp.  Only need a pop in the next 30 days and sell.

Time value on Option is probably $3 or something.  So break even soon is like $13.25.
Pepperidge farm remembers
Hehe.....64
lol
Calls on Coca Cola okay bet
Lol I'm crying laughing
Hey I made 250k first
My dad said you guys are not real.  🤡🤡
I know.
Alright guys first day on vyvanse. Felt like Cooper in limitless all day til about 4, hit a wall for a bit then recouped. Now I can’t sleep. Anyone have any suggestions here 

SPY 350p 0dte because fuck it
im going to short BDX
How do you guys like SOLO vs NIU?
how is PLTR looking
Bingo
Same as it ever was, PEs are too damn high
Hey, it just redirects to WSB! What gives?
Elon is 50% positive on Covid Test according to his tweet
Real dumb take.
[deleted]
Nice dude. I love biking, just don’t do it enough. Wanna get a trail bike soon
I heard it would help with my poor wittle tummy ache. 🥺
yeah.. so how is Roblox like a bankrupt company meme.. I don't get it. They have growing revenue and are making a profit. How can it be a meme stonk anyway, it's not even listed yet.
Good luck my guy. Try and kick one at a time, taking on too much will fuck you up
Elon must be short on BD
[deleted]
I need zoom and PTON to fucking moon tm
#every day i go to RH and open the top 100 stocks and then buy weeklies. Haven’t lost yet
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Remember when WSB went private at 1 mill and people started jumping off their roof?
I sort of expected this to be a femdom website, I was disappointed.
I want baba to go 300 next week lol
Promote to mod
Dope a place where I belong.
but he could have 2 mill dummy
Everything’s been priced in until about 2030
depends if they continue...
His neuralink impant will become valuable
7-7

[https://chess.org/play/cabacb73-2d05-4360-a1d4-eb6bfd4f17c7](https://chess.org/play/cabacb73-2d05-4360-a1d4-eb6bfd4f17c7)

clawed my way back just like NIO on Wednesday
Already happening
F
Absolutely,  killing my poop vibe is not appreciated.  Although I seldom defecate in public.
The thing is, I’m a pretty much healthy other than nicotine. I workout every day, take vitamins, don’t drink often at all, and eat healthy for the most part.
Can relate. It starts with hitting someone else’s then after you buy your own it’s over 🤦‍♂️
I’m no doctor but I think those are two separate organs
Honestly, I think from now on all I’m going to do is sell naked puts on stocks I want to hold anyway.

Just kidding, I’ve got to fuel this gambling addiction somehow.
Sure thing hoss. Solar totally not cheaper then coal. Big bank are definitely going to continue funding the destabilization of our environment for diminishing profits. EVs, internet, tech and cities run on what again I forgot
/s
Rabies. That's all I can think of. Rabies.
go check out www.[Loser.com](https://Loser.com)
All those assumptions are priced in already retard, I’ll be buying calls.
[deleted]
You think Pfizer vaccine is bullshit? Lol. RIP.
Have you lost faith in Lord Jerome, our true leader?
Yeah Canada's the shit, got a joint delivered to me in Montreal and have never been so high off a single j in my life
No bad luck Brian?
Options or stonks
I predict TSLA will both rise and fall tomorrow. Puts on TSLA and calls on TSLA seems to be the most autistic course.
Summary of Today; Stock market rotates to NIO again.
green!
How tight did your butthole get during that nice dip there?
Friday the 13, tomorrow confirmed FLAT.
No lie there man. It’s so easy to hit anywhere and I feel like a goddamn crack addict
fkin meme stonks i hate it when this subreddit pulls shet like that cause of fomo

it'll either be like prpl, nio and tsla = long gains

or

kodk, lk, htz... = oof baggies
Microdosing changed my life. 50mg mescaline hcl and a cup of coffee is perfection.
Coming from a guy who lost over 300k? I’m in!
Link?
Blood green
same, and weed...gonna be hard but well be better for it
>Re-infection is just as bad and often worse - MD, ICU Doctor

https://twitter.com/AndreaR9Md/status/1327045856500068353?s=19
I'm a gonna make bank on that.. only problem is it will probably we months from now!
Don’t quit your day-job.
Narrator: *Shortly after, he proceeded to YOLO on 0DTE SNAP puts.*

 *He lost everything*
Such a myth imo, if people cared about their health, they would work out everyday, eat super healthy, not drink, etc. What’s the difference between lung cancer and heart cancer?
Do a grand and let me know how well it goes 😂
Yeah. Market reacted really premature to the election. Kinda to be expected that shit will drag on for like a month or two despite the media trying to push the idea that there isn’t a drag on the process and a bunch of legal battles which will drag on for at least a month. Shits going to be slow
When using a public bathroom single stall (like the shitters at SBUX) does anyone else intentionally stay on the shitter longer if someone bangs or jostles the door impatiently or aggressively?

I always make a point to hold the toilet hostage if that’s the case.
Just because it's good doesn't mean it's not overpriced.
Lmao where you finding these bitches at? I usually pay 300 and the girls I see are all nice
I'm gonna get a Dow 30000. You think it'll help me get laid?
Vape is so fucked.  If you are reading this and not addicted to nicotine yet, do not ever buy a fucking juul or puff. If I could go back 7 years and beat the fuck out of myself for hitting one I would
 Bled by open
Someone that knows how to read want to break it down?
He predicted ZERO cases by April this year.
He was born a millionaire have you seen his family resume?
Everytime i see a post like this, i think the same, but its what we do with money that really sets people apart
[removed]
If anything. It falls. Finally a chance to buy some calls 😂
Nio having such a big run-up to earnings that I wonder if it can deliver enough results to be greater than what is priced in? Maybe better to sell before earnings before an earnings disappointment that can't meet sky-high expectations?
So lucky to be in Canada. You just get them shipped to your door. Not even rec legal shit. You can just straight up buy black market weed/edibles and mushrooms online no problem.
kinda pointless these past days since tuesday...
All I know is when roblox goes public I’m pouring everything in

Honestly never been more convinced of a 10 bagger after seeing how much they scam kids like my brother
https://youtu.be/wxy0ucXE7Hg

think about this whenever you get the urge
Ask George Soros
that order was placed in august you fucking r3tard. that said im holding a call which will almost certainly be 0 by june but idgaf.
Because they're already hilariously overvalued. The growth expectations are unsustainable.
[deleted]
Ayyyyyy hopefully Judy doesn’t mind me smelling like booze tomorrow when I pretend to work
Something extremely bogus is going on. Was tested for covid four times today. Two tests came back negative, two came back positive. Same machine, same test, same nurse. Rapid antigen test from BD.

\- Elon Musk
Why not just cut out the middle man and elect the scientist?
I’m expecting it to be $50 or $52 tomorrow. Keep in mind that they raised money at $52 last month. That is supposed to set a floor on the value of the company
Hire a hooker and get some coke
lmk, ill follow u
I'm with you dawg. Just don't zoom out on the charts too far and notice it's rallied over 100% in the last 6 months.
Bears in bankruptcy proceedings
No don’t do it. I tried this with Sony on ps4 and they didn’t trend at all together lol
Fuck you congrats
Put
LI going to 500 tomorrow
They just bang hoes dude
Where’s the bookie I’m taking the other guy -500
It's going to 50+ tomorrow. It's gonna be YUGE!!
Lmao fr, I waste so much money. That’s a big reason, but u know health and all that is cool too I guess
F
Ill be putting my out with this dd retard
Companies still need to make money though, so how does a DocuSign or TDOC with LVGO not absolutely crush it the next 6 months?
Old news
Wait, who put chicks on the subs banner? Change that shit, liking girls is 🌈 af
I'm not playing them but I feel they might go up. Looking for PENN sympathy as well.
poor chap, nibbling on roots now are we?
Whenever I see a post just like this, the stock takes a dive. Buy puts.
oh i see, that is kind of interesting. You get a check everyday but your principal could be going down making the check irrelevant.
I row daily.
how much did it go up if you remember?
6-7

[https://chess.org/play/c6874683-6045-497a-afc6-1118310b2852](https://chess.org/play/c6874683-6045-497a-afc6-1118310b2852)

I tried to tell you guys, im not losing on this comeback streak
yep
[removed]
[deleted]
guys I can't sleep with LI earnings in the morning WTF should I go to McDonalds and get tendies to celebrate early??
I stopped smoking cigarettes but now I 10 bagged my nicotine intake by vaping

Best of luck brother!
Everytime i forget about boeing for 24hrs, i buy a put, and randomly make money
FINALLY a break from all the green Nio posts. I can jerk to this.
rusty shackleford told me it is a deadly placebo drug
I’m on 21 days today fam. It’s only worth it to save 20 bucks a week and be able to include it in the yolo.
Yes.
bruh hes tellin DC that he wants to fire up the printers or we'll be fked

&#x200B;

BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 🤑  🤑  🤑  🤑  🤑  🤑  🤑  🤑
Hookers don't count
RH pdt restricted me last week and this is the best 2 weeks I've had in the markets. I just need to stop being a bitch and diamond hand my positions

NIO 46c 11/20
SPY 350p 11/13
SLV 23c 11/27
PLTR 17c 11/13 (GUH)
Based
why are futures flatter than ur moms tits
Yes I am a simp
The honour to see this dude drink out of his asshole with a straw, of course
You got this bro!!
Ha
You got this!
You got it my guy.
Cheers officer 🥃🥃
Did you just start dating or did you start dating when she was skinny
IS this is the only thing you need to do in your opinion to avoid the wash sales?
Should have turned on that biodefense mode
Goodyear
Man I’m sick of seeing all the green on this board, congrats but how am I suppose to jerk to this?
Good luck it’s worth it
Sne ran pretty hard and it's a slow stock that'll be around 90 +/-5 for months
[removed]
Drinking sparkling water with chocolate cake. 😳
No, but I feel like I should now. 15% ain't nothing too sneeze at
"Eron Musk"
In Canada? 😂😂😂😂 libtards
BABA
Alphabet backwards please
Tutorials to get started?
$BLIAQ
I bet the board for April calls. I’m thinking we can get to 30 before Biden’s in office
Yo what should I wheel.
She made you?  Jesus Christ man CONTROL YO WOMAN!
He’s probably drinking Tesla Tequila.
Yeah it wouldn't work so I'm assuming he means they picked stocks that each have different div dates for each day of the year
big yikes
Pfizer CEO sold off 2/3 his shares after the vaxx announcement.

He doesn't believe in it, why should you
Covid swabs are false negative much more often than they are false positive. Like 100:1 he has covid if he's 2 for 4.
u/savethisvideo
Prob cake farts
Leaps or shares? Convince me and I’m gonna yolo the rest of my account the next time this dips
i'm in both, big n deeeeepppp
They haven’t budged and I’ve completely wasted my time checking in on them
Not mean that’s for sure.
no there was literally no point of selling tech stonks for the past 2 days...

it was literally a panic selloff cause some europoor company tested a vac

its not like covid ran for the hills...

lockdowns continue, no vac til next year and schools prob shutdown next semester as well
Your million dollar idea is to... ask for a million dollars?
Damn bro, I would have been “Get it yoself.”
Aww cute you're in your short the mouse stage❤️

We've all been there.  Prepare 2 be mouse fucked
I microdosed L for a few months. 

Went for a liquid dilution. Put a stamp in a 10mL volumetric flask & filled with 10mL deionized water, let is diffuse for 12 hrs in the dark.

Much easier to accurately microdose as a dissolved solution. Drinking 1 mL = 1/10th a stamp, etc. 

Reliable source pegged the stamp at ~100 ug L. 1 mL (~10 ug) was a nice underlying 12hr enervator. 2 mL (~20 ug) was edging recreational but not noticeable. Just straight up having a good time.
Same.
Already up 8% to .13
Gon need tech to remember its place as KING

PUT these boomers in their place
It is what it is
well theres a shitload of covid out there. mind im a bull but that dow surge was more wishful thinkin than serious intent.

they pulled bac as hard as they went in.
the rotation from tech/cash to cyclic
Elon gets Covid. SP500 futes go up. Coincidence? I think not.
Futures are gey. Damn.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SNE**|**$90**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.52**|**$87.11**|**966**|**257**
|**GME**|**$16**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-04**|**$0.51**|**$11.13**|**127**|**32**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfvgab50b1k0720a9lsen4i) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/mitcane7/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
[deleted]
Now I learned that I don't cry about selling early with a gain that I'm happy at that moment. Sell, lock in to gains and move the fuck on. No fucking emotions. NO!
We're talkin muscle not flab here hoss
[deleted]
I want to invest in to some calls for the number one gloryhole builder. Which company is it though?
The carousel turns ever faster

\- Elon Musk
All the current votes didnt even account for those ballots because they were waiting for a court decision on them
Your lifestyle choice homie.
Was told? You always belonged here. Dont act like its your first time.
Ah yes the late night crew in full swing. Any of you retards drunk
Damn how tf is he Independent if he was literally in the Dem primaries? Also aren’t independents supposed to be generally non-partisan / no lean
Macro
I though hydrogen vehicles were solid tech investment? Wonder why Japan hasn’t pursued this technology yet...
Long GME porn 🚀🚀
You can turn those off.
Not nearly as often as false negatives. Puts on your IQ
BIG FAX
c'mon end the voter fraud already, it's killing the stock market
There are dozens of us
Wrestled in high school, going to get back to powerlifting once we sell this pizza store inshallah
Yes.
Gunna give 1 million $1 blowjobs?
Look at where you are losing money.  They are doing the opposite.
Have futures been this flat all night ?
yeah
Respectable answer and gestue.
People called Tesla a scam when it first went public. Look at it now
Lmao
This is the place you came
I'll cop when it drops to around $6 again
Nahh I’m definitely game to read. Around 2012 is also when I was having different blotter experiences and sounds quite similar, but also compared to recent experiences that were different than those it makes me think my older friends (like 50)  new more than what they told me lmao
0DTE SPY 345p checking in
Did he have cold symptoms? Is he trolling everyone??
Cali? i gotchu fam, zingle zops that will make yours eyes pop
Wut elon killed covid. BULLISH
Based
[deleted]
bruh pepole keep saying its fked cause of trump or jack ma

&#x200B;

shets on discount as long as ur not holdin FD's...
I've gotten some hookers with wayyy too much stubble on their legs. Usually the high priced ones ($1,000+) are well manicured, shower beforehand,  put on makeup, ect...
FUCK I HAVENT PLAYED IN FOREVER.

I SUCK BALLS
Have you heard of a false positive you retard??? They tend to happen often.
What about it? Are you speculating that NIO is tied with the Chinese military, and thus expecting at some point an effect on NIO stock?
Iron condor
manages to win what?
What did you expect dude, this is a casino.

I think what you're looking for is r/options
Buy ten thousand of those 150 and you are done
> half ass-attempt

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
You calling us bag holders bro?
BDX 11/20 $220P for Elon
I’m not a lesbian.
I have a million dollar idea but I need some help...
Your post is much more austicly artistic than my half-ass attempt to contribute. Riding SNE and GME for console release pump
More of a macrodoser
FAANG are corporate big brother. They store all your details and sell them. As long as you implicitly agree to a TOS, you have 0 privacy. 

The government does not do such a thing. There are laws and checks and balances which regulate the governments intelligence activities. That law is here: [https://www.archives.gov/federal-register/codification/executive-order/12333.html](https://www.archives.gov/federal-register/codification/executive-order/12333.html) The bottom line: you can't surveil a US person unless they're a criminal suspect and you have a warrant. Unless you argue that the law is a farce, in which case I'll dismiss myself from the conversation.
Typical CNN to hyper sensationalize the title on him stating something fairly lucid and forward
Imagine if u bought leaps instead
is it good or bad?
Pos?
The other day my girl left her purse in my car when we went to the mall, she made me go get it while she was shopping. Felt like everyone was looking at me, had to hold it like a stinky trashbag
I'm already bag holding. I ain't got no time fo dat shit.
BLOOODDDDS GREEEENNNN AT OPEN
That’s a goooood show
[deleted]
Any chance of splitting the difference and doing a PMCC on it?
bruh just buy shares
Waited 3 days to get some edibles just for this motherfucker to tell me he's watching his sisters tonight and asked if he could sell em to me tomorrow. Wtf man, lost a loyal customer
Anyone else getting in on the Ichan dividend? IEP
NIO's valuation is so comical that even ZM is asking where their revenue growth is gonna come from. Please enjoy all your tendies but don't look for a sympathetic shoulder when it pulls a Luckin.
Anyone olaying DKNG earnings tomorrow? I'm feeling hella nervous even tho we went up AH.
They're already here.
Hindsight is 20/20, what a ride of emotions that must have been. Sorry for your loss! WSB’s Ganna be fapping to this one all night.
Just take it easy bro. Talk about things that interest you and genuinely try to get to know them without passing judgement. It’s the little things. And if they’re not looking you in the eyes, smiling, and actively sounding excited to talk you, just cut your losses and move on
PLTR, I dont want to show my hand.

Prepare your self mentally and financially, winter is coming.
Ye snort preworkout and slam weights every day
* https://youtu.be/0ZZTP_hoMPw
I’ve dabbled and it when it hits, it hits big.
Futes green by a wee bit now. Red open because why the fuck not
Wait they still have unshaved ones wtf? I thought those were from the 80s
Username checks out
What company makes these tests? Their earnings should be insane
Musky gonna sound a lil husky 
Gonna get a cough 
Gonna get his rocket off 
Ain’t got a care 
Ain’t no 🌈🐻
Making dollars from dawn to dusky 


I have no fucking idea what just came over me. I apologize.
I’ve been doing longer term options and setting stop losses to try and limit that. Once I break even I’m gonna go to mostly stocks with some longer term option bets
Mods!

Ban him for putting that image in my mind!
Ayeeee apple dividend 😎
[deleted]
Been watching these videos all night to get hyped for my boeing puts

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_T5xhHzZjPQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T5xhHzZjPQ)
I interviewed as a dev there and it's actually a completely different level than fangs
I wouldn't be surprised if everything sells off - similar to March, but not nearly that scale. Not even tech was going up in mid-March. Late November shaping up to mirror late October
lmao they dont even know when theyve reached the bottom...
mind if i get a taste?
In the todo market we’ve seen for the last 1-4 years what do professional traders do so differently than us since TA is way less reliable than it used to be?
Lol that means he has covid. Sometimes he says really dumb shit for being such a genius

Edit: he is even saying that he has symptoms of a typical cold.
What’s that. Googled it
Dude every defense company pretty much helped catch him.  Boeing, GD, Lockheed, Raytheon, etc.
when's the earning date? im too lazy to check. thx
Is my BABA calls good for tomorrow?
Pump and dump.
Traditional IPOs

Ackman tried to buy Airbnb but they said no cause they got the sexy brand for an IPO
MOOOOOOODSSSSSSS!!!
tHe tRuTh
I'm old as dirt, I do my stairs.
Sup fam
i have thousands of cancelled order emails from robinhood
They probably ditched battery swap why? thermo management, weight reduction, structure design, weight distribution, production cost, swap station cost etc. Gosh does anyone on this sub has a stem degree?
One of them is bernie soooo
Oh ya and by the way if you arent already in since 14 just forget it bc nobody knows at this point honestly, its more than halfway past where i expect it myself
11/20 $320, what’s guys?  We ready to party or what???
[deleted]
I thought it was something important
Fed support for bond market expires in December; if it doesn’t get renewed (again) I’m loading up on puts for March/April
puts?
Honest question: does anyone have a bear case for tech in the coming weeks as everything shuts down? We’re just going to play the same names as we did in the late spring/summer and all go to the moon, no?
No
If Trump manages to win I'll drink out of my asshole with a straw.
11.5k you can afford a hooker
[removed]
I want to move from Atlanta,GA anyone looking for options trader roommate? (Rent may late though,you know i have to buy the dip first.)
Direct listing or trad IPO? I can't remember anymore with all the SPAC talk in my brain
That’s a bold move selling consoles in store when nobody is, and I think it’ll totally work in their favor. Optics could become a problem at some point, but I highly doubt their bottom line will be affected by that. Definitely a power move by the boys
Shilling their bags on an unrealistic expectation.
Stop looking for it
Iron condors buddy
Yeah. Seems to get worse during the "night". But during the day spam is terrible too. Might have to find a new thread lol
We don't deserve heroes like you. Thank you for the ultimate sacrifice
100k for 2020 including savings and “investing”. I’m 40k away from hitting it but my year end bonus should put me ~20k away. 

If GME hits it’ll put me above that easily. Also going to hold SNE ELY and DOCU for another 20-30 days.
Nio is in a bubble. Losing upside on your shares by writing covered calls isn't an awful result. From what I've been told, you're unlikely to be assigned if you sell leaps even if you're well above the strike.
180p reporting🐻
r/sausagefest
What are the implications of BT-C’s move?
Bruh I'm sitting here watching the queens gambit 🤯
its a myth 

hospital visit rates/averages have been the same over the past couple years
[removed]
Cocks in my earsocket
Irrelevant
Highly recommend
Tree
People’s always feed on misery... this is called the human race
[deleted]
With the way these consoles are being released (online, limited availability), Gamestop HAS to be a major contributor to sales right??
Lock up ends in Feb. It will likely tank during that time.
Very good fucking answer, bought calls today, will wait to see if it dips to load up on more, Dec 20 $280s
LMFAO
Still bagholding shares from before earnings, but I'm net positive on RKT (not by a whole lot) selling puts. Still sucks knowing I could have put everything into NIO instead and not had to go through all this.
[deleted]
Elons desparation tweet: "I will heal if you all short NIO"
I have.  They were a bland band from new Zealand who were big around 20? years ago with a song about the weather.
Fr tho, he’s right. It happens all the time. I did contact tracing and half the people got a positive test one day and a negative test the next. One person got tested like 9 times over 4 months and 3 were negative and 6 were positive
Dang
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Johan47x the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ahaha
Tesla will export cars made in China to Europe and most German car companies have factories in China. The Chinese know how to build cars. As for reputation, I think a few European countries are still ordering electric trains from Chinese companies like BYD.
[the economy as we know it might be over ](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/economy/economy-after-covid-powell/index.html?fbclid=IwAR3y5bjtWd8x8eE-hvEB5qZ7471KVZBXTrPKC3GaJ2ITnlC9AXV3_hZiP_M)

Let that sink in for a moment

Powell speech
DDOG calls I got yesterday already +70%. Holding TRVN leaps & XPEV 35p 12/18. Buying GRWG calls if there’s a morning dip.
I am high and this was lovely
You must be new here
WOULD YOU GUYS HOLD YOUR WIFE/GIRLFRIEND’S PURSE??
r/vxjunkies
ICLN calls makes more sense than not. A practically infinite hydrogen bomb in space. The basis for all life on earth. Why say something’s mooning when the sun is further and more powerful? You’re buying the power of the sun when you buy ICLN. 2020 is also clearly becoming the tipping point from gross gas and old oil to clean sexy electric renewables. Just flair me Mr. ICLN because I’m betting the house, my kids college fund and my left nut on this
GME gang wya
So, why that expiry specifically? How about max time leaps?
Looking for love in all the wrong places

Looking for love in too many faces
[deleted]
I believe any corporate elite that attempts to instill thoughts onto others, including Rupert Murdoch's, fox news has an agenda.. If it was me I would do the same thing, probably,... Either way good luck man you seem smarter than most here.. I wish you a prosperous year. Thanks for the chat. I enjoyed it. Good night and take care.
Lol maybe:) I’m ready to hear about anything else though.
how many times will ToS reset pdt for you
uh no its the same pattern as yesterday
Anyone know if the 2 independents in the senate have a strong partisan leaning?
Need my NIO calls to print so I can afford the more expensive hookers. The ones with blonde hair, tan, nice tits, and perfect shaved legs and armpits.
Damn, i ate so much chocolate cake. Should i watch porn?  🤣
I think he made like 5-6 trades. Probably all yolo trades
yeah I know what it is, its like a condom that you use specifically for when you are about to cum all over your desktop because of dildos, usually green ones, although I prefer red ones myself
Literally laughed out loud haha
cash out now
"Smart bears" lolza   20000 words of DD as SPY reaches ATH
imagine getting hundreds of millions of tendies from spotify, then moving from la to austin just so you can drink whiskey and smoke weed with alex jones
Algo enters the chat 👀
[deleted]
Why did you do that?
I lift my fatass to sit on the toilet to shit about once or twice a day. Been trying to hit my pr but it’s been toufh
where was the risk management......
Bull gang
Government contracts are won by connections, lowest bid capable of doing work, and how many warm cleared bodies you have.
[https://twitter.com/michaeljburry?lang=en](https://twitter.com/michaeljburry?lang=en)
You're a cuck.
[deleted]
I promise they are not disgusting !!
💯
Extra careful of making too much🤑
I got $14
Boss!
Oh thank goodness it’s only the economy
Which side are you on?
FAANG are anti government big brother.  It is why Google didn't take this business form PLTR and crush them. Google had talent quitting due to their government work. They did not want to lose talent in their much more profitable business.
5-7

[https://chess.org/play/55c6ea8a-0424-4aa1-a672-4dd1a6c6a39c](https://chess.org/play/55c6ea8a-0424-4aa1-a672-4dd1a6c6a39c)

ACCEPT THE GAME CONFIG FFS, IF YOURE ON MOBILE IDK IF THIS WORKS
Truly a man of culture. I will remember you some day and buy puts to help you out when I am not broke
5-7 years are you fucking insane??? Making long term investments and shit
I read that like 10 hours ago
Degenerates always win
your equation yields 50 after inserting a=100
I bet his left sack is much smaller than his right one
5k is too much for you adjust your stakes to more comfortable levels. Then when you get consistent gains them increase stakes gradually.
Dude wtf lmaoo
You ever eat pieces of crystallized ginger? It's not bad.
4000 on the Dow is only 14%.  That is only a little more than a correction.  Notice it says the Dow not the S&P.  Dow doesn't mean shit.  BA would drag about 25% of that down by themselves because it is share price weighted.


Clickbait news, doesn't mean shit.
Fuck u!
Cats in sandals
Dips, pull ups, handstands, deadlift and biking.
Cash gang, am stoned, want my money somewhere safe in these uncertain times, NIO calls it is.
Hedge with Chegg puts
[deleted]
What’s it like being a 🌈🐻just waiting around for bad news all the time so you can try to profit from other people’s misery?
Why do you want it to dump?
im taking the same option
Tbh, I think its a good play....
[deleted]
Weights, wrestling, jujitsu, muy thai. Wbu bro
So everybody watched Queen's Gambit and decided to start playing chess again like me?
Depends on how much you got in your account... If you won’t even notice it gone that would be a fun little yolo. It would also print massive. If that’s half your account, please don’t do it.
I think it's fine exactly how they labeled it.
[deleted]
seems like double top potentially lol
They be like “this is a green candle. Light the wick and it becomes a red candle. Light the wick and you exit the matrix.”
That is kind of funny. Lolz. 

This came up in the search too. https://www.google.com/amp/s/reneweconomy.com.au/tesla-ev-charged-with-diesel-generator-still-cleaner-than-conventional-car-61942/amp/

Reminds me of the video where they have a Toyota Tacoma pull a Tesla from 0% battery and regen charge the thing to near full and then drive the Tesla a longer distance to offset and gain mileage lol.
Bruh... that was so painful. Whoever I was watching had a mate in one for like three turns there and then just handed the other dude his behind only for him not to take it
The price for one share is the absolute worth of the company. That's why Chipotle is worth more than Apple but less than Amazon
I suck guys who lift weights. Does that count?
NIO>NKLa
What was your target for 2020?  Mine was to make 12k and to touch a woman.  I'm at around 11.5k so hopefully I'll achieve one goal.
There is no contested election
my forearm is thicker than most peoples neck
Would it really be worth even bringing to court if the guy word 110B and 3rd richest person in the world was just memeing with a couple million on stocks he has nothing to do with?
No just bag holding
Yea but I know what market crap is and my portfolio is full of it
Solo will crash back down theres enough bag holders there they need out.

We all know nios gonna fluctuate 5% a day for a few days and go up 5 more dollars lol just hold that
Thinking exact same tbh well maybe a lil further exp. but idk
5-7

[https://chess.org/play/4bdff074-2205-486f-8a36-db116e521c72](https://chess.org/play/4bdff074-2205-486f-8a36-db116e521c72)

YA'LL MUST'VE FORGOT
TSLA pulling a messed NIO. Got it.
I love this guy he has tons of great videos
Will Europe come through for us?
lol wasn't this dipshit consistently downplaying the whole thing and saying he wasn't high risk? bro you're in your 50s and you take propecia. even if you don't end up on a ventilator you have no idea what long term complications might be.
Thank you
Butter -> butt uh
Son of a bitch, I’m in. Just placed an order for market open.
The answer to every one of these is Bezos.
I dont know half the shit people are talking about
Any of you cucks lift weights/workout, other than all of your bag holding?
Wtf buys American stocks anymore ? 🤔
> Options only when I feel a bit more conservative.

Options are conservative now? Futures trading must be a madhouse then.
Yeah man wtf where's the link
Because you bought the dip. On both.
A few days ago, he tweeted an article about voting fraud and I tweeted to him "Is the bar really this low to become a doctor?" Instantly blocked me and later deleted his post. 🤡
look! free wine refill!
I think you need to see Trumps new [executive order](https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-addressing-threat-securities-investments-finance-communist-chinese-military-companies/)
Green green green every day
Should have waited for a Tesla Roaster. Porsches all look the same, even though 10 year old.
There was a time in my life when I believed many conspiracy theories. You should question who's mind is really the one that is being controlled.

You believe that there's a massive conspiracy that every free American news outlet (with the exception of a few conservative ones,  like Fox, I am guessing) are complicit in fraud, but it's more likely that one person, who has a demonstrable track record of lying and not honoring his obligations (2x bankruptcy!) is telling you the truth.

Are you sure?

When I believed conspiracy theories it was because there was something else in my life that needed to be fixed: primarily it was having a good job and enough money that I had proper sleep and nutrition and didn't have to struggle to live. Are all your needs as a human currently satiated?
This post is garbage. Got my hopes up on the eve of earnings.
He’s done
lmaooo

I can't believe people are upvoting this
Friday the 13th tomorrow. We should be extra careful tomorrow
FTSE futures down over little over 1%
Mango was higher risk. That a-hole is doing cartwheels with the drugs they gave him.
its that thing that protects the marker from going dry
Lol I love you dude! No but I think I can pull some strings to get one
yea Amd testing the 50 day moving average right now. QQQ bounced off it not looking good at all
He's not winning PA. The only question is how much did Biden win by lol
[deleted]
Bulls in lambos
what tweet
[deleted]
They’ve cried top so many times but everyone knows they’re bottoms ;)
Sounds like you think you’re entitled to something. Women only care about how you make them feel
Thinking of putting 2-3k into ZM 500c 11/27. Thoughts?
You’ll be fine
Same. Rather be in Tesla than some crazy overhyped company like Tesla. Wait.
Aren’t you smart
TIL- Some people in this thread truly don't know what "market cap" means and they are buying options.
[deleted]
Nope he’s just throwing shade cause he can’t admit it’s over
I don’t get it
Anybody ever think about buying an option so you hover over it and then it goes the exact opposite way? spooky shit.
[deleted]
mr wonderful
Do you have a certificate?
Doesn't matter
From today onwards when somebody asks me who my role model is, I will say some random stranger on WSB named DeepFuckingValue who swings his dick on GME
Fax😂📈📈
[deleted]
Game. Blouses
Fuck you and that other guy
How those puts?
Yoooo link that shit what the fuck you think we are here for? Posting emojis?
🙏🏼🙏🏼
What City or Area do you live?  Even in San Diego you can get decent condos around $500K that are bigger than a postage stamp around shoe box size.
No doubt
NIO >>>>> TSLA
[deleted]
I woner why the brits pronounce E as A. like answer -> ansah
Woke!
Fuck a new car. Get a beater and learn how to wrench till you worth a milly
How come whenever I buy calls with 150 buck its goes up 200%

But when I put in 5k it automatically turns negative
Gay
[removed]
F
michael burry just starting another conspiracy tweet storm again lmao, what a 🤡
Depreciating asset, IV crush, and a currency with no market to use it in near ATH.

You autist. I like you.
Happy Cake Day!
[removed]
Why should they be banned?
So TSLA puts at open? Sheesh
If he left her for someone like Taylor Swift, I would fucking understand.
No way while Trump is in office nationwide.
I'd never snitch on daddy Bezos, I'll hold a brick for daddy Bezos...
Bro I’m holding shares
Perfectly balanced like all things should be
[removed]
NIO to the moon! 🚀🚀🚀
Friday the 13ths have always been amazing days for me interestingly enough. I might ride this superstition and yolo 25K on 0 dte spy puts tomorrow lol
30k equal about 2k shares.  To hit a million each share would need to go from $15 to $500 per share.  Could happen.  Question is how many decades? I don't think their TAM is as big as they think it is.
That side hustle 💰
Their mind changes after a huge gain with yolo.
Get out you nazi
Not with the amount of money he has
I like to think he has a retarded nephew who calls him up occasionally and tells him he has puts that need to print.
I literally think dividend drip investing will suit me better because i just cant 

No matter how many times one or two or five of the $10 contracts up go 20%+ and i always profit, i never add more, im useless

Anybody want a bank account, girlfriend included...
u sound like an eagles fan
Just tell me mf
Buy a used Bentley for 20k! Cannot go tits up!
Treat yo self u deserve it
This could be the greatest day of my life.
20k in uvxy calls
I got it from a good friend of mine around 2011, then a year or so after I started hearing about deaths due to it & I haven’t heard about it since.

~12 hour experience, blotter, had to hold it under my tongue for like 20 minutes for bioavailabilty. 

Immaculately blank slate headspace in 30 min, no physical jitters. Still that sense of ‘self’, but like happy & excited to be with other people & learn from them & remap my neural nets with their experiences.

I dosed that first time by myself 4th of July 2012, & then 4 hours into it my roommates randomly threw a kegger at our place. Socially integrated seamlessly & had a great time, no hesitation. Ethanol slowly dulled it but still definitely feeling it at like 5AM. 

Sorry about the wall of text, I just get excited talking about 25-I lol
Papa musk is symptomatic too

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327127056119902210
[deleted]
I Dash sometimes for extra dough.
When they announce a stock offering during next weeks earnings call.
Why be a gay bear
Give us some details, backstory, I need words to complete this orgasm
4-7

[https://chess.org/play/33d6431b-c331-460c-98c1-d88b2bdb596e](https://chess.org/play/33d6431b-c331-460c-98c1-d88b2bdb596e)

DAMN SON YOURE GONNA RESIGN CUZ I TOOK YOUR KNIGHT?
SPACEX Rocket blows up and Elon gets covid/denier status on my 1DTE 410p  OH BABY
I feel like the mkts are a house of cards/musical chairs right now at these levels!
🧸🤗
I wasn't involved and didn't really pay attention to the rise of GSX, who was buying and why. I wonder if there are parallels.
[removed]
> your smart

>your

classic
Smart bears are quiet and don't tell others when we reached the top.
lol this retard
So it’s not over
Ayeeeeeee! 😎👉👉
Should I buy a car, 20k in uvxy calls or 1 internet coin which shall not be names
Nice. This will (possibly) get much bigger as GME shares.
He is not in debt. Only the media said that. I promise you Trump is already rich he is not making money doing this.. On the other hand.. Biden is a career politician. He does not own hotels.. He makes money from increasing taxes... You are stuck fiction open your eyes to the matrix.. There is a war going on for your mind..
What happened? Been trading on Merrill without issue
People like you need to be banned. It's not gonna hit that.
Balances > history
I'll be in for 100 contract lol
Yea Trump and his people started getting a little too coup-ish and he's not done being a politician so he dipped out like "yea, Imma head on down to FL for a pint and wait till this thing blows over"
He’s showing the inconsistencies in the coronavirus numbers. He’s challenging us to think about what his anecdote implies to the mainstream narrative.
After earnings. We are surfing 🏄‍♂️ 🌊
If you held onto your calls through the past couple of days, you have massive cojones of steel and iron grit. May the universe shower you with bountiful tendies
Guessing this sub has never heard the phrase “crowded trade” 😆
👏🏻👏🏻your smart
2.05
I tried trading futures with paper money on TOS. My brain was not cooperating. I’m finally coming terms, with the facts...I can now accept the reality. I’m super god damn retarded and I have donkey-brains
well they got absolutely gaped monday, so they are recovering, pretty normal to me
Just saw this real photo from humans are metal or what ever. That is is fucking crsZY
You mean the current TSLA or presplit price because the latter isn't gonna happen.
he’s high risk
I don’t see a problem here
Who the fuck didn’t expect a second wave??

Bro like 40% of the country thinks it’s “just the flu”
These next 4 weeks is gonna break a lot of people...
Yes but don't spend your whole budget in one spree, that would be naive and a rookie mistake I have made. Throw some at BABA  and wait for  another  drop.
3-7 

[https://chess.org/play/b7691a09-4f2d-4b3a-9a9c-bdde0fe49089](https://chess.org/play/b7691a09-4f2d-4b3a-9a9c-bdde0fe49089)

\*\*THE KING IS BACK\*\*
I’m betting on a lower high on AMD. Not looking good though.

82.5p 11/20
No, they're people.

Extremely stupid people, but people just the same.
bears you seein this?
How many BRK.A stocks are those?
What’s considered far out? I feel like NIO goes up like $2 a day on average. I think the highest strike price I can sell is $65 11/20. Would net me $465 with the premium. You think there’s any chance it could hit that?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I am seeing $4.10 per contract
Neither are bulls
Y
E
The greatest shock at this sub will be when $nio is trading higher than $tsla. After one year when u see the chart, youll be like why wasnt I bullish the whole time?
December gonna be lit with Airbnb and DoorDash too
E
One call? comon at least 100
If you can’t beat them, join them
T
Crazy people make money and lose quickly with next yolo. 🤡
What will we do with a 1% chance of losing elon
im too tired to explain.
Looks like it’s coming down to test the April trend line, I’d hold off til we see how it’s gonna react
God I’m so happy I’m not holding calls atm
been asking this since tuesday, we got hard fucked
what do you mean? As in they trade stocks before the ex-dividend to get the dividend and trade out? I thought that doesn't work since the stock price goes down by the same value as the dividend.
50 percent is different than zero percent if there was a test for ass Cancer then a another test that is 50 percent right you’d take the 50 percent one it’s not that the 50 percent one should be trusted but if you test positive you should look closer at your issues Lmaoo science isn’t god it’s a tool
Bears aren't people
Life, uh, finds a way.
[deleted]
j-pow going to make my calls nut prematurely
Bezos for sure.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Are you me?
what's a stock?
fuck it I’ll buy
We move on quickly. Buyden won. Now we are in the covid next round with steroids.
[removed]
NIO to 1,000
How so?
The recovery powell was talking about was making sure banks and  companies had time to get rid of debt so we didn't all call in our loans at once and enter next great depression. Now we are on our own, but hey the banks may not fail
It's all so tiresome
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [The Rolling Stones - Midnigh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUGOKB-JOT8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUGOKB-JOT8)⠀►►⠀ 4:36 / 6:54 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
More like 0%
Ok so what yolo was that? Thats a huge spike
Should I buy ali baba shares now?
Lol bers fukt
Donnie Friday the 13th Pop??
[deleted]
Eff We don’t have a lot time
God damn great return
if retards sell Tesla tomorrow thinking Elon is gonna die I’m loading tf up
Puts on this guy
For sure. Uzi is dope.
OH FUK
lol retard
interesting action in bond market tonight. a little spooky.
[deleted]
Still good
[removed]
Oof, can't wait.
[deleted]
Canadian government about to make a few calls lol
This is bullish bro
thanks, best of luck my retarded brother!
might go all in. stock was at $12 in this video and it’s now $.12
So stupid and yet so awesome
My boomer grandma (born 1946) has hands of fucking titanium and only buys the biggest dips. 

While stocks were crashing in March, all she had to say was “I’ve seen worse. Buy the dip. Alaskan airlines looks good at this price.”

In contrast, my Gen X aunt was saying BTFD in February. She didn’t understand ‘=IF(JPOW=‘brrrrrrrrrr’, ‘buy’, ‘sell’)
[deleted]
What’s a dividend?
I was kind of giving him too much credit. I'm sure you're aware of the recent revelations about the amount of debt he owes, over 400 million. Some sources say an entire billion.

If you don't believe any of the media though I guess everything is a lie, right? So you should take Trump's word for everything, since what he says is definitely true, and all the media are liars. Perfect logic, right?
Can't be a genius all the time
Yeah. Don't yolo. Do research. Do TA. Then buy if you're still comfortable.
I don't think that was what caused their separation.

I am pretty sure it came out during their divorce that they were separated for over a year at that point, and MacKenzie was the one that introduced them.

I think over the years they just grew apart as a couple and this was a minor byproduct.
^(😢)
If you wrote them you should at least not lose money. IV was pretty high
Live stream Nov 19
+ https://www.yachty.live/performances/yachty-2020-11-12-0e63
It’s Friday the 13th in 3 minutes what do I go all in on tomorrow
Give me one more reason
My god futures are flatter than your chest
US having exponential covid growth. Buy SPY puts
Tell me about it. Every fucking post is NIO. Isn't there any other options in the world?
Cant wait for Roblox when it goes public to be the new NIO. That shit is gonna be insane
...In the arm with PFE vaccine
Bears r fuk
Calls on Elon’s life, puts on covid
Elon is symptomatic https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327127056119902210?s=20

TSLA ded. Stock is worthless without him.
Yeah more than likely. Has cold symptoms now
I am not a guy, but I stated what I hear and am told by my engineering friends. Bay Area big tech is ruthless... lots of big egos.
If we lose Elon to covid I'm shooting myself
I feel like the 'recovery' Powell mentioned was primarily due to the stimulus injection and for now is temporary, it doesn't seem like the overall economy has truly improved that much. The overall consumer sentiment isn't that great, peeps are still worried about their jobs, real estate vacancies in prime districts around the world are still pretty high, etc... Also, I feel like the global economic recovery hinges on the US getting a handle of the virus which is nowhere in sight right now... They need more stimulus to keep this momentum going for now...
Hot take: maybe they’ll talk about how good he’s doing because he believes in science and listens to actual scientists advice lol
after it fell from 140 to 90 and COVID concerns are back? yeah buy puts. your timing is pretty spot on
flat af. good night boys
0DTE SPY 350p checking in
What’s a CSP?
Imagine Dubb Li tweeting - hope elon feels 10x better.
THE MODS DONT UNDERSTAND LONGFIN IS A PROFITABLE COMPANY
in my school if u get 50% on a test it means U FAIL

so these tests are FAIL

cannt be trusted!!
Wait he got covid?
Nice try manager. Nah, I work a full 12 hr day.
[deleted]
Nope you definitely am not UNDERSTAND THIS CORRECTLY
If you can afford to be assigned 300x BABA you’re doing alright
Second wave implies the first wave ever ended.
-50% st least
Wild position
It costs money to lose money these days
I asked my Chinese friend who works at IB in China about Li Auto today. 

He was like “Never heard of this brand”.
How much is $40c for 4/21/21?
I mean it could just be the tests aren’t that accurate and mess up 50% of the time
Of course! He's the WSB hunk of the year 🥰🥰
[removed]
[removed]
Mfs on r/dividends got like 300 stocks with each trading day having a company pay out a dividend. What the fuck!
Sell
Thanks.  Exp monday but I'm looking to close out tomorrow.     Good luck to u.  Make that $$$
BDX down 20% tomorrow at open
The volume on Monday is the only thing telling me to hold my calls
Futures fake being red better than my parents fake loving me
Exactly, Trump is already rich. He can't be bought. Every major corporation and elite 'news' organization hates him.. Perhaps we should be asking ourselves, 'why?'... Turn the television and fact checks off... Turn off the thought police.
I like rh more than other brokers i dunno maybe because of design i make money on rh.  Interesting right. 🤡
JD > SDC > CRM > DOCU, 10k to 10 mil, let's do this.
Naw they can sell at other times as well. This one triggered a pretty big sell off https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/09/01/tesla-to-sell-up-to-5-billion-in-stock-amid-rally.html
Puts on Elon's life.




And TSLA.
sold pltr 15p 11/20. am I fucked tomorrow?
All the schools in the Denver metro area are moving to full time remote either next week or after Thanksgiving through Christmas bro. Its already happening
You're a pretty toxic guy, huh?
I don’t blame u. He looks like a bond villain
FEDEX ceo
Spy 348p checking in
[https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472)

if i am UNDERSTAND THIS CORRECTLY  
it means half the cases in the news are fake news!?

😑😲🤡
NKLA did not exist either. Welcome to a black mirror episode: wall-street edition
Also taxes are 12% if you made under 40k total gross
I've been selling spy puts since June and have made a lot
Same his name Alex?
Funny. I bought puts and am wondering if I should buy calls
Puts on Friday calls on Monday.
Dude, I sold BABA puts twice this month already and should make out with $3000 in premium.

First I sold a BABA $280 weekly put last week when IV spiked through the fucking roof, then I did it again with 2 puts for $260 for next Friday. Boght at close on Tuesday, had I waited on Wednesday I would have gotten another $300 or so I think. But sell puts when the premium is high so theta decay works in your favor.

BYND was another easy play but I did it because I bought shares the day before, and if I got assigned it was a win/win because I average down and collect the premium. Closed those out around 85% profit just to be safe
[deleted]
NIO and TSLA are both going bankrupt, but just in case they're legit, only NIO will survive.

 There isn't enough battery material mining or production to supply both. In a war for batteries and rare earths China wins. They DGAF about giving entire 3rd world countries lobster claw hands if it speeds up extraction 1%. They are hoovering up all the IP from the Chinese TSLA factory and throwing the full weight of their military and belt and road behind it. 

What does TLSA have to fight back? Ok fine, Hunter Biden is a capable man, but Elon needs state capitalism, not Chinese footjobs.
"Take the red pill" *moves to Texas*
Low
fair enough yea, i wanna get in on dip but this entire market coming down soon so nah
I see we’re both retarded
Yo, my friend has Sony calls, 12/18 100c, is he disabled?
[deleted]
Portnoy
Everyone is...why I'm dumping before Nio day...I might lose some leaps to pmcc's..pumping way too fast don't be caught holding bags, I'm prob out about 100b market cap or 80ish a share
Yup, seeya on the tendies pile👍
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ninkorn the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Future fell off tbh
[deleted]
50% goes to mandatory spending like rent,car lease other 50% goes to rh 🤡
I remember thinking I needed to buy Honeywell stock. Man if I had 100 shares and it went up 3/4 of a point. Woo hoo!
[removed]
Dad: son, what are your career plans? 

Me: I'm going to follow my passion and become a professional retail traders' scammer
I thought the IPO was the only time the company made money from the sale of stock
I’m debating calls thinking it might pop again between now and January but I’m not sure.
Uhhhh Elon’s Twitter has some power
This is my fav meme rn it goes hard
https://imgur.com/a/fKzHMbN
Engineers joke that defense engineer jobs are government welfare. I have no problem keeping people employed to prevent unrest. Many government or quasi-government jobs don't need to exist, but they do to employ people. Yes, there are some very smart, talented, and passionate engineers in defense, but those are far fewer in comparison than big tech.
To all the people who are still able to do no nut November please watch this https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJ9X7Q4y/
When is lil yachty coming out with a mixtape?
When you invest a lot things go the other way lmao. Try it
The indices probably.
"Tsla stock too high imo" 2.0
strangle on tesla
Na people will play this off and cancel Elon especially the media for exposing the truth
Yarp
Kendrick Bourne did that first.
I remember reading the stock pages when I was a kid.  Back then a move over a dollar on something was HUGE
That 15k gain is not worth the fucking PTSD of your chart
Sub is bearish ...,, we are gonna moon tomorrow.....AMZN 3200 call 11/15
"COVID IS FAKE" - ELON MUSK 2020
Tell Elon. That will cheer him up from his loss of smell / taste
Elon has Rona.  Puts on Tesla
False positive rate is ~1%, false negative is ~35%. He definitively has it if he’s not lying
Should I buy ali baba now?
Where can I check on TD for it? Their app is kinda obtuse af
Hahahaha bank bounced robinhood transfer that I already gambled away. Tomorrow's going to be interesting...
Which tickers?
If it's $100 before end of year I'm out lol, I dont give a fuck about taxes even, I will take the 20%, no way nio is worth more than the detroit 3 combined lol
You win!
What do you guys say about PTON puts? To early?
Nah. I play them all, going up and going down.
Told my wife’s boyfriend to buy calls
I think 50/50 chance it prints tomorrow, if it breaks $350 earlier in the day then likely, but if it does late in the day or tests it and bounces but doesn't bounce much then early next week. If it does break $350 and finds support at $347 I'd close it if you they are 11/13 contracts...
Ok, fine. Figured I should finally try options. Just bought a single contract, lol. Baby steps.
I’m no expert, but I would say having three other companies to compete with is good business for him, especially when he is american based while they are china based. It allows him to advertise “The True American Electric Vehicle” while also showing that his business is better than 3 others. Essentially he COULD gobble them up, but at the moment it’s just making his company look better by having Electric vehicles get more popular.

Edit: 
And also having HIS vehicles specifically sell more, also.

Edit: Looks like Citron gobbled up $NIO instead OOF.
Acting like it ain’t a joint album with Uzi smh
Trump has hotels all over the world, he's super rich, and he currently controls your life. Do you see a contradiction here?
This is not new
Reading this thread has made me realize I need to start selling puts.
Sell
Mine told me to buy WFC. Think about that for a moment lol
Buy *
[deleted]
4.20 B coin now equals 69k$. What a time to be alive.
Thinking of getting 11/27 PTON 110 calls
Which CEO/Investor/Wall Street Mofo are you gay for? Me it’s without a doubt Jerome Powell.
A fuckload of people
Why is my roomba trying to talk to me right now? Like shut up roomie don’t I already give you enough attention?
These fucks gonna pump it to 80-100 until a power dump
Fuck me
Wow cool, so you were right 1 out of probably 80 things you attempted to call
Have to wait until Joe steps into office. Then CNN will talk about how good things are getting and this market is going to go boom!
He channels his inner Jobs and says "just one more thing" then thrusts his mighty dick in the warmest butthole imaginable
When will ali baba hit $400. Certainly in April
Alright I dmed you
The amount of bullshit in this thread.... ***inputs $50 calls on canopy***
People really had their fingers crossed that it wouldn’t happen and also Cheeto dust was telling us vaccine but October which everyone ate up obviously
Idk how you do it without getting assigned man, last week I sold $37 calls, $37! For 1k, then I lost 7k in gains, yea I get it high IV, but jeez I can't do it for nio lol, feel like sell calls is only for boomer stocks
Aaaah yes. 'Never bet against America' so buy Japanese companies instead.
if you're asking yourself that you're already too late
Nah, had the same idea with VXX calls today, holding till expiration on these 11/20s 😤
Anyone here broke and sell naked options?
Yup. That was a weird night too. Beautiful and scary, the following month sucked ass.
2-7 (draw)

[https://chess.org/play/20ddc363-e063-45b9-8e31-5fa31823686a](https://chess.org/play/20ddc363-e063-45b9-8e31-5fa31823686a)

wow im a fucking retard for throwing that game
For sure and I think we see new ATHs. Sort term after earnings... there will more than likely be a pull back
it wont. amazon and target and walmart will still be open 

big biz will still get rich. only the poors will suffer 

unemployment will stabilize since mostly its WFH at this point anyway

stimulus will come next year at some point - if that gets fucked then and only then will the market get scurred
there are so many bullish news that would make this play unprofitable. more vaccine news from mrna, jnj, azn coming very soon and pfe looking for fda approval within in 2 weeks. stimulus talk is coming back soon, ccl setting sail again in dec, no sail is still lifted, i think right now is a pretty fair price.
Pitcher, fast ball for sure.
Lockdowns coming starting Thanksgiving till end of year.  You heard it here first.
Absolutely tragic. Well done
Why I’m bearish: there’s literally no good news left, these cuck bulls have pulled every fucking card out. Circuit breaker or we destroy every trace of this stupid failure of a vaccine. Gay bears unite 🙌🏻
r/nfl
Mark Cuban for sure trades options
Elon Musk is the new drill god

[https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472)
Just canceled my TradingView subscription.
Maybe try /r/teslamotors
sell all
Fuck that old meme dude. Just his face makes me laugh.
Lol. Good luck man. I guess I am just anti-global elite. I am not for the super rich controlling life. Not too keen on media and big tech telling me how to live so that's why I support Trump. If the globalist corporate elite put their shackles back on our wrists I will pay but I honestly think freedom is going to reign in corporate propaganda and shock the less-informed.
Hold or sell my NIO 1/21 $25C?
[deleted]
chance of profit 02%

&#x200B;

SPY CALLS $360
Has full remote work accelerated others to more degenerate YOLO'ing? I seriously only do about 1 hour of "real" work during trading hours. Sometimes, I'll just do any remaining day job stuff after hours. Full degenerate trading and coming here will be the death of me.
https://ibb.co/CKVNH6S
Every dip getting bought up it seems like. If you want a long position, wait for a deep red day, they might drill below $100 again and I am loading up. It stayed under $100 for like 3 hours total. Raced right back up every time

That last dump wasn't even *that* insane. It had a gap to fill between $100 and $120, it filled it and IMO it is going to continue going higher until they show slowing growth.

Which they won't because they are building new factories and rolling out new products. I don't even think any new Tread sales were counted for this quarter.
damn I'm hoping to get a fraction of this luck. I just want to make it past 20k in returns so I can get back on my feet. I can't afford to invest big yet but little returns here and there sure are nice to see
People celebrating vaccines don't know how pandemics work. Large amount of people die within a small amount of time. Vaccine that works 100% if rolled out tomorrow wouldn't prevent it since we're in the midst of a second wave.
Santa Cruz was a lightning fire, right?
tell my why i shouldn’t buy this $12 AAL. it’s too tempting
r/politics
Worldwide pandemic will disappear after the US election they said
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472

"Something extremely bogus is going on. Was tested for covid four times today. Two tests came back negative, two came back positive. Same machine, same test, same nurse. Rapid antigen test from BD."

Our papa musk might have rona 50/50
Get help
**Something extremely bogus is going on. Was tested for covid four times today. Two tests came back negative, two came back positive. Same machine, same test, same nurse. Rapid antigen test from BD.**  
  
Muskie might have Covid!  
  
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327125840040169472
MSFT
just take back your cost base and ride the rest to the moon 🚀🌑
I feel like I'm losing hair faster keeping up with you fuckers.

Puts on my hairline.

Calls on FIN, MIN, KTZ.
Futures drop, they go back up.  They 🌈 that way...
Supposedly there are 737MAX now flying around.
I think Elon has the vid guys.
Second Wave PRICED IN
Investing in Japan, with Hong Kong starting to lose the “financial gateway to Asia” status, he’s betting Japan will take its place
Is there a bigger sausagefest than this place?
Congrats.
My dad says buy NIO I think he's retarded.
Obviously the clearance thing creates a barrier to hiring talent, but you didn't say talent: you said "people who actually care" and I'm sorry but I totally disagree on that.

The defense sector employs a lot of prior military who give a new meaning to the idea of "gives a damn about their job" that many civilians will never understand.
[deleted]
yea and I thought I was a little connoisseur.
want to try now
UVXY options, you belong.
Why would we dump? Tech and WFH about to go to ATH
Dipshit.
Jack Ma is a pretty cool dude. Bought a hang out in one of the most rural parts of upstate NY.  It’s like Lord of the Rings views. He goes to reconnect with Mother Nature. Just total off the grid isolation. 

Guess then comes back and ready to surprise us all.
Leverage is a helluva drug
[deleted]
I don’t touch Chinese companies. It’s saved me in the past, not so much this time.
DESTIGMATIZE MALE SEX WORK
Sell calls
feels
So uhh? It's time to get back into ETSY right?
Mfs.. where the hell were all these guy when nio was single digit. Now it’s oh look I just discovered I bought some and made a few cool hundred thousand grand.
Elon got the Kung Flu? TSLA gonna be wild
Sign me up!
Don’t worry, won’t be till next month when the minutes are released when everyone will react to it, never mind the fact they heard him say it already...
Ew big brother that’s so gross
I had anime to watch u nerd. No time to read
No joke. My whole family was and still is talking about dumping massive amounts of money into equities. 

Post election fomo is real. 

😔🤦
Correct, the number is usually located on the back of the redemption coupon.
Immidietly bought 5k on margin at 14.60
The mouse is going higher. ER was only good news. Get on the train or get left behind.
More cases = Bullish. 

Where have you been?
Trump
Inversing
[deleted]
Chinese NKLA
I don't feel like saving pics and all that but I have 40 11/13 $46p
Too much dd
Dude..... same...
Trust the facts, not emotion.
all I read is XPEV 50c 1/15
Meth and "experimenting sexually" with Bill gates.
WFH stocks are the real gold.
Mirror image it and thats my portfolio
[removed]
Paper hands
[deleted]
Fuck you. Dont make us think about it. Ahole!
Dear SPY..
So the us just set another record with over 150k cases! You can please stop pretending and just dump already.
Mudslides incoming here in the santa cruz mountains after all the fires. That shit show should only get worse with the rain. Also FUCK PG&E. Today I had a customer lose power because someone drove into a pole. 

Glad you're making money off them.
Double negative usage = 🌈 🐻   🍌👄  🤫
Thank god for this place. 😂
Personally that’s a risky as play. Why because moderna is going to drop some vaccine data then I’d buy some puts
http://imgur.com/gallery/appg7ym

Around 10k
The true wsb way
Can we run up PLTR I need to seek some calls I had as defense, then drop it way down so I can load up on shares
I hope so man, i have a 11/20  500c that im just trying to flip the contracts on. Got as high as 35% on today before the little dip. I think all the news and covid shit its very bullish
I got 2.10
I talked to the CEO of Congress and he said you better read em and weep... loser
Nobody tell him
1 in a 1000.
You won life
[deleted]
November 9th saw the highest money flow in the stock market. Just wondering how much of smart money was dumped and liquidated during the Monday vaccine pump.
Same, been really into cheating japanese housewives lately
Yeah wendy's has some good fuckin nuggies ngl
Please, tell me more.
PLTR has said themselves they may never earn a profit and they may be unable to sustain their growth, but i still like it. They can’t report crazy profits because then that would mean their government contracts are clearly too hiked up.
He had to cover his recent buy in NIO. Makes sense to me.
CCL is the KMart of cruise lines
futures to flat..
I cashed in on 11 contracts that were for $15 in october

At one point i sold a few at 596%

Too bad i didnt have my savings on it
I remember my first gap down. Oh that was last week. Fuck you APHA
Cuban
Dad?
It’d be more but they’ve been disappointing me lately and losing a lot of money on calls. Even my strangle this week lost because they’re so stagnant right now
Peter Thiel because he’s a homosexual
God damn you’re an inspiration. When I grow up I want to be just like you. Losing close to a mili with a big pp come back.
You just want to imagine that old man laying rope in your mouth
Its more about how dude loses 20 pans in high tide. Seriously here is the original video with correct subs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyR63rLHFsQ
Ayyyy it’s the 2k BJ dude
But practically speaking, if you find yourself under enemy gunfire, just find cover.
that would turn all of Tesla's legal team into paranoid schizophrenics
yeah this is literally my entire strategy with regular old shares.  buy dips, sell peaks.  do it a dozen or so times on a week like this one and you're in the money.

&#x200B;

you never know exactly where the bottom is or where the top is but it's not worth crying over 2 or 3 bucks a share
Dense cities makes sense but you gotta try really hard to have a covid crisis out in the middle of nowhere
Shut the fuck up and buy weekly spy calls
i dont think this second wave will tank the market. who the fuck didn't expect a second wave in the winter. im quite bullish the indices minus rty, but i got to say this wave in new york rn feels ominous. i think we could see a lockdown come into effect at this pace.
Trying to decide if I ahould cut my losses on these calls n buy poots
Pence that one dude that stopped showing up to work and nobody realized
Not only that but similar to apple not being the top brand in china they will buy their own brands. Tsla succeeding means nothing to them
[deleted]
You think Tim Apple is the pitcher or catcher?
How are you able to post this.

Every time I use the "L"-word, /r/wallstreetbets bans my post.
You mean to say; his retardation is the reason?
[deleted]
Tsla
The question you should be asking is which doesn't
Why not?
Lol wtfffff????
Nonsense.
Paper hands
Should be tagged as NSFW
So you never sleep? That’s hot. How much have you put into that account in total? And what was your biggest 1 trade gain?
[stevee former microsoft man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeRVPcoz68w)
Oil never smelled so fresh
Also true
I'm his wife can confirm
Sundar Pichai
I felt shitty about blowing my account up for a third time and being down 5k all time from a high of 15k but you made me feel better, thank you op.
That's his quant she won first prize at the national math competition
I can see you got as far as the headline
Gotta sell my PLTR option that expires tomorrow.
1000 shares at $11.50, set it and fucking forget it. 10-bagger within 5 years. Also got 25 Jan 2022 leaps. This shit is my safety blanket to negate all my dumbass yolos I will do over the next year.
Porn
In all honesty, Heard probably beat him right back
Don't be a bitch, hold those shares. Wait till next year and you're wifes boyfriend will be sleeping on the couch instead.
No fair! When muh divvy??
The shit starts to get fun at 10 contacts. Just tag that stop loss on there after you open.
Besides losing money on FDs what would you say is your most troublesome addiction?
EOD for me tomorrow looks juicy b/c they expire 11/20 and I’m worried about MRNA announcing over the weekend
Gonna by some tesla puts deep into 2021 target price 250. Sounds dumb but watch the printer go brrrr brrr brrr
aapl
Poor fool I got a solid 4.20 

I'm not even kidding I got the meme number
NIO recalled 5k cars in June. It happens
Zuck
Wolf of WS?
Def mooning end of day and all next week
Completely agree!
Musk and she prolly likes it
Hindsight is a bitch, plug 21 fds when plug dropped to 20 earlier are up about 400%, but they coulda expired worthless if it didn't keep pumping
Yeah it should be 0 year old. "Investing for all"
Sign of an addict
Cleanest ween u ever seen
whats max profit on that
Some people take profits. That's why they are CEO's.
Which CEO’s do you think beat their wives?
the stock market is so fcking stressful. Masturbating time. Holla if you wanna join
Only the democraps
[deleted]
Lies. Life is good in Italy.
Theyve got work to do to hit 500B. From what I understand they are highly customized deployments to clients, which is extremely difficult to do at scale.
The sad truth. You can pay a cpa much less to save you from paying much more in taxes.
I will honor the bet though but I do think I have a good chance of winning. I will pay if lose though.
Some day I think we will wake up and find out all these Tesla’s are really gasoline powered.
You despise Pelosi?! How dare you?!
Slap your wallet on the table, you wussbag.
bro, I don't empower the swamp

I am the swamp

I'm fucking swamp thing
A great man once said: Dont ask, do.
its a full boomer stonk now lol
I mean, it is a Chinese scam but your trade stands.
yeah but same is true here - if you live in an apartment or condo not necessarily easy to charge your car 

i would be down for a battery swap car
Oh fuck yeah. Just got my aapl dividend. What’s the play to drop this 1.44$ on?
Find a Mormon, they love anal. By the time they give the pussy up you’ll be a 40 year rich virgin! Print daddy print
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Joy Division - Transmission ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dBt3mJtgJc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dBt3mJtgJc)⠀►►⠀ 2:08 / 3:12 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Go on a dating site.  Find your level.  (Maybe covid restricts this I dunno)
BAN
100% but I don’t think market will react like it did in March because I have 1% belief people are not as stupid as randy marsh. If it dumps like March then people shouldn’t blame others for loosing their retirement amount or being poor.
You’d have to be retarded not to. I’d do it for a mil and don’t act like u wouldn’t either. Listerine only costs $4 and just close ur eyes and pretend it’s a popsicle bc I know no matter how straight you are everyone’s sucked on a popsicle when they were in middle school/high school
Balmer looks like a pedo
I’m a nutshell, they take big data and consolidate it into customizable reports/formats the layman can use.
[deleted]
Tony Fauci is our clout lord. Recommend full lock down of all the states you sly bastard 🐑🐑🐑
Im so sorry. Like I wanna say ‘FINALLY SOME GOOD LOSS PORN!’ But you lost life changing money for most people. It’s kinda just sad. Best of luck going forward man!
Bruh...
Give him his $999,999,999 change back
I just wanna be as cool as dat cat
Priced in.
No
Naw man it's a decent entertainment system , gotta have that ps5 to play netflix
Looks decently stable
I had calls this morning...took a loss and got bearish..
I never came. 

Felt so good with no mess.
😂😂😂
Scared money dont make money!
AMZN
NGL website looks fake
Bezos for sure.
Honest work can’t lie
You should’ve sold at the giant spike
Come on, man.. Can't drain the swamp if you empower the swamp.
Peloton Interactive Inc (PTON) COB and CEO John Paul Foley Sold $10.4 million of Shares

Yikes... (from 5 pm today)
Chasdaq goes up everyday
Go UVXY if you're gonna be gay
[deleted]
That first year of wanking was a dooooozy.
[deleted]
Whores and fast cars
If I had a billion I'd give it up to blow him.
I’ve done my fair share of this clade of substances, & my preference & certainly the one with the most effort towards selectively targeting 5-HT2A is 25-I. 

Synthed & investigated by Purdue to target 5-HT2A for radioisotope fMRI mapping or something [ https://docs.lib.purdue.edu/dissertations/AAI3287241/ ] 

I’ve had three very clean, effortlessly enjoyable experiences with this compound. If shrooms are legalized & accepted, I feel like 25-I is the endgame of exploring that receptor pathway.
Bc it’s not the numbers of investors involved but the $$ transacted that moves markets. We pale in comparison to institutional smart money.
Meaning everyone will now be receiving additional 50% income taxes that will get injected directly into stock market
Gay bear alert. I have a similar chart but rode Tech backup. Sorry for your loss brother you went for the wrong EV ticker. Hylion is a pump n dump for the sucker in r/investing. Wsb was trading NIO and XPeng.
Dan David that you
You already have 8 figures...

XXX,XXX.XX
Proof? And, that doesn't really count.
[https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-usa-china-securities-companies-factbo/factbox-list-of-31-chinese-companies-designated-by-the-us-as-military-backed-idUSKBN27T09E](https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-usa-china-securities-companies-factbo/factbox-list-of-31-chinese-companies-designated-by-the-us-as-military-backed-idUSKBN27T09E)
Chamath Philadelphia
I have a feeling its TSLA 10% kinda day
Damn. Imagine if you bought Atleast 10. Who buys 1 call? Wtf 😂 sick % though
Last game was entertaining to watch
Li < Musk <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< Trevor
Thank
Which stonks have “graduated” to boomer? I can think of NVDA, AMD and TSLA.
I'd do it twice for 2B
Masa
Still waiting tomorrow for my face slap.. 3pm it’s coming..
LMaO luckin coffee boys
I feel u dude.. We just gotta start letting our nuts hang more
OPENS @ 357 OR IM FUCKED
I thought shares are banned on this sub?
We’ve just been gapping every weekend thinking of grabbing SPY 11/16 strangle
I mainly trade futures w no stops. Options only when I feel a bit more conservative. 

YOLO.
Musk for sure
That makes you a better man than Trump!
OC?
just h0DL that shit for a year youll be rIch
not in DAL but AAL 12 looking juicy EOY
I’m pretty sure they designed what you are referencing. Government would not be paying them hundreds of millions of dollars a year for something they could be doing themselves. It is widely known palantir completed years of extensive and intense R&D to create their engines that consolidate big data. It’s not something anyone or any company can easily replicate. Years and years of coding by some of the worlds top engineering talent.
Stanger Danger!
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/MCLowtiergod the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
mcuban
Good luck with your chinese stocks.  MFers are gonna wake up one day and find out the company never even existed.
Cant buy puts on a stock at 0
2-7 (draw)

[https://chess.org/play/008dc310-d99f-434a-87bc-aa648bbdd87d](https://chess.org/play/008dc310-d99f-434a-87bc-aa648bbdd87d)

First i draw, then i win. im calling it rn, come back season. lets fucking go you stupid retards
What age did you have your first wank? I was 10.

Still not lost V at 25 though...
we went up like 40 points in 5 days. people are emotional creatures and freak out over 1 percent drop. could be up another 40 points this time next week
Can you elaborate further? Got some 30k student loans, any know. Rercussions advantage disadvantage on not paying it?
Lockdown baby
I think women are bootiful. ☺️
Bruh I’m pretty sure some of the small REITS and shit were mooning solely because of people here chasing them back in like April
Buy backs
Yesss
Yo. If you’re consistently hitting. Just gradually increase the capital you put into plays. If it’s usually 1-200. Up it to 2-300, then 3-5, etc.
... one's ass ...
Epic fail queen king failed to mate
1billion. I don’t know anyone who wouldn’t
Jpow said the economy as we know it may be gone. Still not buying puts you commie bear fucks.
Crazy low IMO. You may see some states do it but it will not come from a federal level.
Bankrupt in 5 days
Puts on your sex life

Edit: Nvm prob a 🌈🐻
[deleted]
 Because retail doesn’t move in aggregates
[removed]
Scientific
without hesitation
Bear
Biden won Arizona why the fuck are futures dropping?!
i dont know what model but tesla submitted trademark or patent or some type for an existing 2021 model with a bigger battery
What billionaire do u think has a yolo account on robinhood?
Nope. It is a boomer stock. It will likely slow dip away. Their revenue are still down drastically from YOY unlike many other tech stocks. This is a boomer tech stock. CISCO could have owned ZM but instead didn't listen to the VP of WebEx at the time. Cisco is late to software defined networks, so they finally implemented hybrids. Big tech want modulator solutions in the futures, not some monolithic POS propriety network.
Jack Dorsey
Get assigned 300x BABA stonks...sell body to wife's boyfriend to be able to afford $rope
do it.

shit i'd do it for $2,000
Puts
Well at least the rest of the world failed at covid as well
that's obviously an opinion and a generalization

how about this: tell me another company that is just like palantir and could take business away from them
Not till Jan 20th
I still can believe I didn’t jump on that 😔
Dorsey looks homeless
[removed]
No u
ay fuck you i got calls
If Buffet offered you 1B to blow him wyd?
Do it
Sold a 60p
i bought a couple of FD's before close.  hope it pays off.
Why are we crowdfunding Chinese companies lol. Let's go back to Tesla
DAL 32p and AAL 11.5p. You?
why people say retail investors can't move markets when you have these companies making billions and billions off of regular people like you and i spending? i'd say we have strength in numbers 😂
Just reminder, Jeff Bezos's daily fart is worth more money than what 99.9% of people make/lose here everyday.
Addies don’t make music sound like doggystyle tho
Holy fuck man
Sell naked calls on SPY.

1 strike above.

Retire in 5 days.
I don’t really care about making profit if they could grow fast consistently but trading at 25x ttm and only expect 30% growth next year is kinda scuffed
[removed]
[found it](https://dailykanban.com/2015/05/27/tesla-and-its-customers-find-its-not-easy-being-green/)
I will honor it.
Hows the model X nowadays? I know old models are shit, but what about 2020? r/Tesla is shite
Bulls are fukt tomorrow and it’s shitty k (Kamchatka) if u were wondering
How much would you be up if you had diamond hands?
Wtf after hours? I told this dude to day trade and switch to ZM before EOD. F outta here nagger
Nice, you made 11 bucks a day.
Musk
Futures incredibly week. Sell off at open.
CONGRESS?! HAHAHA You do belong here...dear lord
Spy 345p
SRNE 8p
8k cash.  Sell aal puts tomorrow take 3k cash and buy spy leaps
Elon
You're still a stud, king
Who's still in NKLA but NOT a member of r/NikolaCorporation
policy changes when the facts change
AAL looking bearish as well...puts?
IWM and DIA will eat shit.
Thank god I sold for +18% tendies expecting a retracement... back at $24...
Sports games look so depressing in empty stadiums.
Addies is the way
Which CEO/Investor would you think was a crackhead if you saw them on the street dressed normally?
True but sad, I remember 8 years ago that shit was fukin delicious. Willing to trade my -$200 baba calls for some pure molly. Thanks
Bro. I watched that entire video in full and I think I might need a hug
Gold award for first proof of NIO put.
Probably not lol
i SPY with my little eye
Where’s the Wrap It Up Box when we need it
One fucking call? Minimum buy in at the least is 1k.
Cisco
Sausage McMuffins, Diet Coke, newspapers, and blow.
.69 yes
Bleeding piss or pissing blood?
These last few days have been kind of eerie with how little volume there is on spy.
Come on I’m not ridiculous. Altho there is this one girl, she promised she would tell me her name one day. I know the only reason she hasn’t yet is because there are cameras and for some reason the number she gave me was to a pizza shop. Anyways, I’m not dumb dude
Do you have a fever?
wanna know how i know its green tm? esp for tech? my calls sold at 357 were eaten up fast asf
TZA $11 12/4,  $13 12/11
Trust
Isopropyl alcohol most likely, or hand sanitizer
This is the truest shit ive ever heard
EOW would be better - more time value
Okay bears I'm sorry plz don't make tech stonk futures go red
What about DAL and AAL 🧐.
I despise all women
How much did you start your account with? And how long have you been options trading?
Most people only care about the civil rights of themselves or if it could negatively affect them financially. Lebron is a really good example of that.
People who actually care happens more in big tech than defense/government oriented companies that require security clearances.
Inverse your sexuality
jerome literally said not before 2023. like multiple times
Sir Welcome to the 21st Century. We hope your travels were pleasant.
yea way better than yesterday, could be a pump ngl
Puts on bears at open
Being an oil bear after pump has been great.
If you actually subscribe to this view there's 0% chance you'll honor the bet.
Anyone got that “I sell now” Europoor copy pasta
Bro im the same way with fluctuating 8-11$ ford calls

Cant get myself to buy more than 5


I KNOW they print.
Next time you have some great DD send it to me privately I’m curious.
Why
fuck consoles. they're so limp dick nowadays. Unless theres a specific exclusive i'd steer clear
After what happened to BABA, no more Chinese stocks. I aint gonna touch it unless Xi give me blow job
Got them some from veggie grill and they were disgusted at me but I'll check that place out.
you could buy one of his lambo rims!
i was such a young budding stud before i came here...now im a zombie hunting for my tendies back :(
What's are the odds of a nationwide shut down by Jan 1
[removed]
Saved for emergency dopamine fix
I've been accumulating that for a while
Free refills
Usually cut with something else these days. :(
I'll make the same bet with you except I'll even give you 3:1 odds. For every $100 you have to pay me if you lose, I'll pay you $300 if I lose. Up to $10,000 if you want.
What's Warren 'the dinosaur' Buffett up to nowadays?
Right this way Mr. Papageorgeo.
We will gap up tomorrow for sure. ADD down to almost -2000 today
Google shall give more info than ppl here. Put some effort retard.
I got COVID and now coffee smells like raw hamburger meat!  Puts on $SBUX.
Dont play RKT period. What is wrong with yall.
not happening.low rates for at least 2-3 more years if not forever.
He didn’t get it
🙌
[deleted]
Down to 65%. Great day trading right now.
What’s up with Carl Icahn’s eyebrows? Isn’t the worth 14 billion?
Rkt doesn’t want to move gl
How much would you have made tho
I’m positioned for a sell off but it’ll probably up on zero fucking volume
Yes. At least your not pregnant
Anytime, if you make enough getting lucky buying options or already have a decent amount coming in the game. than you might as well sell options  via CC’s, CSP’s or spreads if your really adventurous, rather than buying calls/puts ...buying options alone as a strategy isn’t mathematically substainable long term because usually probability isn’t going to be in your favor
So he's addressing the coal thing with his battery plants .. another thing he's welcomed competition too, because it disrupts the gas and coal industries.

If he were giving up on earth entirely he wouldn't be actively investing in ways to save it from ourselves (boring / tsla / panels / batteries). But he does think interplanetary living is necessary if we want to avoid extinction.
Yeah me too. Go check what you could have made with LI
PTON’s run is pretty much over unless we go on lockdown again
WSB is the game changer.
one of the main risks here is that if a vaccine actually works CBs will hint at maybe raising rates soon

market will go nuts
The latter make more money than the former tbh.
I like the video
I have 30 contracts.   345s
Can confirm. Am herp a derp
At some point we hit the “i had enough button” 😶🥴
$99.. barely a man.
F bro. 1 mil or nothing I see.
Wooooooooooooooooooooosh
PS5 and XSX both apparently having launch problems. Had I printed with NIO earlier I would have got one.
Username says
Anthony Fettuccine says he doesn’t recommend a lockdown so why does every other *oFfIcIaL* want one.
You were talking spicy at first brother man 👀
Retarded if true, still holding calls from May....
I have no puts in spy directly only other shit, what I’m really worried about is my dkng put expiring tomorrow. Gonna be a crazy fucking day, contemplating popping a molly or two when market opens for maximum dopamine. Take notes fellow gay bears
$20.5 RKT call $2.90 12/31 what are we thinking

and is boeing tanking tmr on corona news?
Username checks out on this one for sure
Tuesday afternoon is more likely
Bulls sippin Grey Goose, Bears sipping whatever liquor comes in plastic bottles
Playing DIS to inverse the AH rally.  There is just no good news for DIS to stay up.  More puts on the mouse!
Bears drinking martinis
More room to run and is making SUVs
im sorry ppl but do you really think that these hedge fund managers give a fuck about covid. they are all living in their connecticut weekend homes/ the hamptons detached from the average american life and the current climate. 

all they care about is if the central bank has their back so they don't get caught with their pants down when the tide washes out. as long as the fed is there to support the corporate bond market, their risk on portfolios will be stabilized. this is just my two cents for the night.
Why did Nasdaq futures go down slightly? Did the CEO whisper the n-word?
Why such a low number?
[deleted]
How could you downvote this amazing reply?!
We all lose money. Why would they do that
Give it time.

MM will soon sell off as the stocks aren’t going much higher right now.

Then bloody af.
I. Am. So. Erect right meow

Edit: and now it’s gone
ban
do people still talk about PTON anymore
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Up $6.66 this week. Tomorrow is Friday the 13th...

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt9dr9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt9dr9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Death_Bot, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
Volkswagens1
Inverse yourself
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Beets?
Gay man with a brand new Porsche 911, while
your autistic ass probably can’t even afford to lease one for a couple months.
Special privileges in China. Gas powered cars have odd even days and are hard to license. Electric cars are easy to register/ license, get special parking space, toll roads etc. not to mention battery swapping is key for China where not a lot of people live in houses.
Yo The Elio Is Back
their stock is going nowhere
Uh sentry mode has been in Tesla’s for years, am I missing something?
Bulls sipping Johnnie Walker Blue. Bears sipping Pabst Blue Ribbon.
 damn dude, you'd better let them out to get some air. keeping your kids locked up is kind of bad parenting.
Well now he can claim the benefits of Working (Out) From Home too 💪
depends on when you start - the futes line is from 4pm est. +30 or +40 is start of 6pm est.

head and shoulders forming on 1hr chart
Remember when TSLA options had 500% IV
r/ButtHoleTicklers
NIO puts

You know it’s gonna happen 

You just don’t want to admit it

It’s gonna eat shit tomorrow
DAL 32p 11/20 and AAL 11.5p 11/20, anyone else expect these the print tomorrow?
Again, NIO has given me stupid gains. Fuck are you talking about?
Think i need to take a break from this subreddit because of all the nio post. I sold 4 20C 1/15/21 calls back in August after loosing 1.2k on it because I got tired holding it and wanted to do other plays.
$500 by next Friday easily!
If I'm bleeding piss out my dick does that mean I'm on my period.
People used to have to be intelligent to trade stocks. They bought newspapers and knew how to read and call their broker to put in orders. 

Nowadays you can be some herp a derp and just smash buttons and swipe your money away.
Still waiting for HYLN to wake up
Never, we’re too retarded to actually pull anything illegal off
Bulls sipping Berry Cream Dr. Pepper. Bears sipping Dr. Thunder.
Futures are flat af on the index.
Same.   But I have 345.    Would need major sell off.
You don't want to know
I was literally still sleeping when I saw this post. lol...
I dont give a fuck about any of that stuff. Im talking option gains
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Jesse Powell - You          ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hRnpw7XsC4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hRnpw7XsC4)⠀►►⠀ 2:42 / 4:03 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Yeah Ik. Just thinking out loud. Rob Ferretti (SuperspeedersRob on YT) has turned me off of rental car business forever haha. It’s ass and so are the customers. All dumbass wannabe rich chads
[deleted]
i saw a stock do 250% just yesterday i believe
Either there’s going to be a huge sell off tomorrow or absolutely no volume on spy like the last few days
Wendy's, DUH!
You want vegan tendies? 
veganburg has some vegan tendies
Probably not for a minute. Same with FedEx unfortunately (for me anyways, have 300 company options that I was gifted at a 272 strike...). The anticipation is that next year people will either A) run out of stimmy to buy random crap and/or B) with vaccine, people will start going back to brick and mortar.

Obviously whether that is the case will yet to be seen. It will probably be another year or two before either company sees another jump up.
[deleted]
That dude has seen it all, all the type of bullshit life could possible throw at someone. He's chillin.
Some weird looking cats tbh
Very easy with options.

If retail goes call-crazy, it will cause a gamma squeeze. Even on massive stocks. Also, big funds will often go along with retail to help pump.

People really underestimate the leverage options introduce.
like?
Yes.  More stay at home and online vs in person all good for goog
Congress will decide that. Not a random on Reddit. Going to bed now. Watch.. And... Learn...
McConnell is a sleazeball but I wouldn't call him a white supremacist.
Futures are trading just a little better than yesterday...DOW down S&P500 flat and NASDAQ good
You guys ever see the ones where they shit talk WSB and say to invest in ETFs and shit instead?
[removed]
So is the big selling point for Nio and Xpeng the battery swap? 

Honestly always thought that was a cool idea over just charging stations. 

If that ends up being why people like those cars over Tesla then Tesla is f-d.
Fuck this is hot
Ban
It has a few meanings, in that context it is 'Due Diligence'. In other contexts it may mean to 'Double down'
[deleted]
[deleted]
Retard
How do I tell my parents that I adopted them?
Won’t be surprised to see it over $500 next week, but those premiums are fucking salty.
wouldnt it go up January earnings because of holiday szn?
[deleted]
Still not enough money to post in this sub. Welcome to Banning St.
have tendies?
Bandz a make her dance*
Agreed but I decided to sell covered calls this week rip.
Ooohhh fuck hang on ill have to do some digging. There are lots of examples of them using them in place of actual superchargers [here](https://www.google.com/search?q=tesla.battery+swap+station+deisel+generator&oq=tesla.battery+swap+station+deisel+generator&aqs=chrome..69i57.18867j0j4&client=ms-android-samsung-gs-rev1&sourceid=chrome-mobile&ie=UTF-8)
I have a long dated 300p and a 510c that I’m going to sell the next big spike. Both were bought for relatively cheap so whichever one hits will more than cancel out the loss from the other one
Why do crocodiles walk so gayly?
Yeeee
DJIA is the 70 year old boomer who has a headband and thinks he’s in a Rocky movie.
Ban
Same. That guy talking about 5-7 years, I'll probably be dead by then.
When is the SEC going to shut this place down?
That was so unathletic it physically hurts
Lost a number of big bets when Trump’s on and off trade war fcked me up on my various commodities trades. 

Won big this year betting on Covid dumping the market and the subsequent recovery. 

Won more on silver. On a roll baby. Load up the cart! Lost doubly big on silver. 

Recovered somewhat again on tech. Made a tiny bit on NIO & ZM calls this week after the drop.
FASTLY
SPY puts wtf is you doing, SPY is going to moon after hours brother, go through the ceiling with 0 DTE calls
Got my nephews chicken nuggets but looked meh. Which restaurant has the best chicken tendies? Bay area.
we trading flat?
That's allot of covids
NIO has a 65 billion dollar market cap how can that possibly be manipulated?
175s here 🙏
In Hawaii right now. Literally packing a suitcase with different flavors to bring back home. God bless KTA and Southwest's 2 bag allowance.
That’s tight man I never got into fighting some of my friends were fighters growing up, it for sure builds character I’m into downhill Mountain biking
You see I’m the autist who’s not of age and is broke ): to be using Robinhood.
You already lost, pay up.
No it’s not? It leads the game in battery life, in house tech, and profitability. Fuck are you talking about?
You could have made more money rolling to higher strike
Lemme hear the positions, I’m on a yolo qqq 295c 11/20
Like it’s gonna tank when the europoors sell off
It’s raining tacos
I’m so fucking sick and tired of seeing these NIO posts
Is there a chance Google moves tomorrow?
Yes, but sold options, not buy.  Sell puts on stuff I’d like to own
How about $8964?
what are your holdings
Up and down
[deleted]
Going up. $200EOY
Die spy die spy die spy hungry gay bear eat, yum tendies
You know you need to yolo it...
[deleted]
r/niostreetbets
Start training jiu jitsu. I know it sounds wack but look into it. It’s the only thing that gives me purpose
you need to control the center better with your pawns you are too exposed in the middle.
Plus you get long term treatment.
Where’s the list???
DIS puts I assume?
If it was meant to be sarcastic I simply missed it sorry.
thoughts fellow tards?

$20.5 RKT call $2.90 12/31
[deleted]
Yes that’s interesting especially considering what they do! It’s bizarre how are they losing money?
[deleted]
NKLA calls
FSR is the perfect meme stock for retards like us who missed the NIO call train
Best shit ever.
Bruh, spoilers.

His tech lived on.
Yes but you cannot buy them in premarket
I don’t see anything about generators tho. That’s the bit I was wondering about
Need these boeing puts to print tomorrow
[deleted]
Bro i did! Microwave whipped up one egg literally whole thing took me three minutes bam! 💥 a feast!
QQQ should be up
How is spy looking for tomorrow
NIO bro. Tf have you been doing all week?
Ask me something in my DMs and I’ll send you a photo of my left elbow
NASDAQ is that guy in the gym you see once a week that benches 425 and he swears he doesnt do steroids.
Fuck you and congratz
i hope my kids live to see who won the 2020 elect
Corporate insiders are selling the most ever. 2 days in a row
SLV is the iShares Silver Trust.

So yes, you can buy calls and puts. retard.
Is this a trick question?
Anyone else on the ZM moon train with me? Tendy town we fucking go
have an active bet. The bet is if trump loses I owe 500. If he wins I am owed 500. Tbh I think I will win. I made 2800 on amazon today alone so if I am wrong so be it. If I am right expect payment. U/disco_steve_phd you asked me to pay before losing. I will pay if I lose but yoi better be prepared to do the same.
Yeah but you gotta factor in maintenance costs. People renting a Lamborghini are not going to treat it well. Grinding the gears and shit because they’ve never driven stick. Going clubbing and some party girl pukes in the front. Racing off a red light and fucking the axel on a pot hole. So many problems.
You can put the word "shitty" anywhere in that sentence to fix it
I mean, fair enough. But it simply is true that 99% of the DD you'll find is either:

1) Retarded

or

2) Actually malicious and trying to get you to buy into bad plays (pump and dumps, etc). 

NIO is the perfect example. There are thousands of shills going to WSB, stocktwits, and everywhere else to get people to buy in. You can probably make some money on intraday calls, but I fucking guarantee you this is a pump'n'dump scheme, and people telling you to buy are doing so with massive self-interest.
SPY $345 in play tomorrow imo especially if we retest ydays lod...
FDs are a hell of a drug
Just sitting here, waiting for you all to rotate out of NIO into PLUG. Come on guys, buy American.
Objectively false
100% chance
Is there r/smalldickshotchicks?
[removed]
Wtf you doing man, 1mill is the end goal for most of us.. put it in div stocks and live the dream
Call credit spreads at 50$ might be free money iv is through the roof
I do not respect Elon. There, I said it
No an ya'll autist about to make me leave this stupid street and only come back when I create a gain porn and with a picture in my yacht bc of NIO puts.
Why... to everything
I was selling 7 dollar covered nio calls. I think I had like 400 shares :(
You rang?
[deleted]
I know, I’m just giving you a hard time. I respect the guy. Just don’t quite understand why so many people revere him as a god. Not jealous - he’s done more than I ever will. That’s easy to see.  And I do agree he helped the mainstream adopt ev’s and for that I’m thankful. Too bad most are still powered by coal though. 
Oh- and I’m still a little confused on the going to Mars thing- can you explain that? Is he just giving up on earth? I’m truly asking
Rent free and only saving 2K? What job? what city?
x3 he said lmao
I believe in you
What platform are you trading on...how can I sell puts without coverage?
Are the europoors gonna drag us down again? Probably
Suggestions on good resources? Honestly asking because I don't know what's legit and what isn't
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Dua Lipa - Physical (Officia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HDEHj2yzew) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HDEHj2yzew)⠀►►⠀ 2:42 / 4:04 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Lolololol shares
Best you can hope for tomorrow is piss poor volumes
Thanks bro
Don't listen to these idiots. Put the whole stack into 0 dte SPY puts tomorrow and day trade them on the trend. Once you sell, put the entire thing into ZM calls expiring next week. Ye will be back at 40K if ye heed my instructions young grasshopper
Trading windows and I already have Zillow stock so no need to overleverage.
What happens if LIN doesn't kill ER tomorrow? What are also the chances that the Chinese are bs their numbers?
[deleted]
2-7

[https://chess.org/play/31dfdc8a-7b22-48d6-8ba2-846283bf83c1](https://chess.org/play/31dfdc8a-7b22-48d6-8ba2-846283bf83c1)

just fuck me up fam
Sell iron condors. You have enough shares to build an iron corridor
moderna calls? but fr this will acc fck the market and delay the inevitable downfall
Yup, either stop trading or follow 🐳 action. Ride the splash.
What’s the play tomorrow Nio or xpeng calls ?
WERE GOOD BOY NIO IS IN FACT NOT DESIGNATED AS CHINESE MILITARY BACKED
I do. Why not 🤷🏾‍♂️ YouTube is better than most TV nowadays
"poor people can no longer trade like rich people"
You almost got me that time
[deleted]
I feel a phat dump coming tmrw
Cases r going crayz
You guys bitched less when Tesla had a literal thousand dollar run
Tech holding this shit up.
Thanks!
The only good DD you’ll get here tonight. Soft boiled too
YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND! I AM A PROFITABLE COMPANY!!!
Futures are being so retarded rn.
You could probably resell it to retard rappers for 160K.
All in 0DTE Spy options, million or bust.
Ban this karma whore. $500 Stock position last month now at 18k? NIO was at 21 last month. Sure it doubled But this beta cuck is claiming a 4000% gains ON STOCKS!
Sell my China Mobile puts tomorrow Y/N

Please respond because I am a brainlet incapable of knowing when to sell
I can’t keep reading this bullshit. Nio is the only stock that exists
52x whatever the value of the weekly is give or take. If you have a 600k it’s a great way to make bank with little risk besides that of getting shares at a discount. Selling puts and spreads is dope if you have more questions dm me
Do people watch 30 min vids in YouTube?
if the shoulder completes on the hourly
Dream bigger.
[removed]
I use to be skinny as fuck I got big as fck in just 6 months everyone around me was blown away by my gains but I’ve suffered these feelings for so long this straight death and hate inside me
You can try to set limit order before open. Getting filled is hard though. I've tried limit orders on underlyings positive they will either gap up or down on market open but have had no success getting filled. I've tried with robinhood, TOS and etrade. Maybe someone else has had positive results. I've even tested a range high enough to where I am overpaying and still didn't get filled.
JPOW would make you squirt for the printer.
Ban
just did some dd on palantir. holy shit, this thing is gonna be a big deal but what boggles me is that even while being in business for almost two decades, they are still not making profits.
*XPEV joins the chat*

Buy both
[removed]
[removed]
No shit dude.
Yeah. If I fuck up my portfolio I feel like I'll have nothing left except to invest heavily in ROPE
Finish him boys 👊
Till the next NIO thing comes along.
what changed that u started making money again
why? all u need is roads paved and boomer heart attacks fixed. everything else ur own ur own. what do these people do but take half your paycheck
NIO 60c 11/20 will get you back to 40 k if you go all in
DIS puts lawl
YouTube getting the full 86GB dicking like it deserves
I’m balls deep in AAPL calls, got a feeling I may be in your same shoes here shortly
Pretty much everybody
Same....to both
Put an egg in it
[hung it up 4 years ago](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.teslarati.com/tesla-shuts-down-battery-swap-program-for-superchargers/amp/)
I’m pretty sure I make more money than anyone I graduated with. Only other person who might come close is a pediatrician
You guys are milking nio to the Max . Poor cow bro
This is true.

I called the September drop down to the day, then called the October top down to the day, too. Not saying I'm a genius, but it was honestly impressive and I sorta surprised myself.

Anyway, point is not to gloat. Point is that I got downvoted and mocked into oblivion both times. And I vowed then to not help anyone on WSB ever again, lol.
Now I just gotta keep reminding myself I am not invincible and lose it all again. 🤣
Bears booking Ritz Carlton.  Bulls booking Ritz cracker factory
Yes
I mean yeah. But Tony Stark >!died!<
FSR 12/18 20c
my wishful thoughts are based on valuable experience
NIO calls for earnings next week
Nah
If you’re not in on NIO, are you even a WSB retard?
Oh no
Samyang 🔥
yes
Yo you can buy a Gallardo for like $80k. If you can rent it 100 times @ $800/ day it’s free and paid off

Or 200 times @ $400/day.

*BRB*
Started in August with 93k->123k->48->70k now
TSLA is waiting for everyone to forget before fucking ripping (or tanking) again
LI > NIO
unless the shit tanks and now ur bagholding your shit.  then maybe u try to sell a covered call and it goes back up and caps your gains before u hit breakeven lol.  or it keeps running and u miss out.  not free money but i guess if u can time it  right it's great during froth.
inputting a human perspective and saying the 3rd option is probably the most intelligent.. but what do I know
Watch some self improvement YouTube channels and start exercising. Or yolo some options to at least get some excitement
[deleted]
Over the hills and far away telltubbies come to play.
I respectfully disagree with that point. I’m looking to avoid my echo chamber.
I just watched Snowden and the NSA basically had the exact thing palantir has. They even called it "like Google for links between people" or something similar which is what everyone says about pltr. 

I'm not tech savvy so how is what they do any different than what the government already has? Or did they design the program I'm tlaking about
commenting 2 see replies
So we should get 11/27 puts?
Wheels on the bus go round and round
I'm starting to believe JPOW is secretly a bear
Yes
Till the next new thing comes along.
How high do you think NIO will go? Would $100 by the end of the year too much?
What do you like better than JD for leaps?
Honestly I can see $16 as pretty likely, but your budget is super small to be messing with calls bro. You could definitely give it a shot. DM me for other options though, me and a few guys are in a discird server where all we do is play SPY and provide good potential plays on a ton of tickers
you gotta compress that ish my guy
Better than 80% effective?

I'd be shocked.
there are a few in gotham
Lol yes NIO puts are looking like the yacht tickers
bulls booking four seasons. bears booking four seasons total landscaping
If I get assigned I still make $
[deleted]
Wow the difference with Shinyun Ramen over that Top Ramen or Maruchan shit. Like 🤩 wow 😳 and for only like a buck fifty a package! Looks like I’ll be eatin good all weekend boys 😎
When we were younger by soja or sheep by Mt joy.
those receptors are going to be happy with a whole lot of ego deaths. though i believe not alot of people are going to dose a good amount. 
look at the research from john hopkins and the shit Tim ferris is doing is you havent already seen that
CFDs offer stupid amounts of leverage.
Stop trading
Is this place  NIO Street bets?
[deleted]
If I were an octopus I’d squirt so much ink. Just for fun. 

Also I’m buying daily spy puts at open
Retard strength is strong
I feel like when really good DD gets posted it gets trashed by haters and “devil’s advocate” types and that dissuades posters from wanting to put in the work.
" nah, given their line of work they were likely focused on the mission and didn't care so much about profits " -  wishful thinking. LOL

That doesn't mean anything that just means insiders can dump their shares when the lockup ends in Feburary and invest elsewhere.

There are better data analytic companies. These guys are tailored for government/defense probably due to requirement of clearance. This restricts foreign talent.
I feel personally attacked
Yeah, at least he doesn't need to rush to the store get the milk and bread before the blizzard hits
Eh the thing is I don’t expect to make money on the put, but if I lose locking in a 50% loss then I only lose a thousand bucks, and I think something like some spy 340 puts a month and a half out have a good chance of yielding a 2x or 3x payoff, and a slim chance of a giant payoff. I think the expected payoff is positive, even if the odds of it working out are not. Most likely we stay flat or go up a little and my long positions are happy.
The best DD is the DD you come up with yourself.

People who come up with truly genius DD don't share it. Why would they?

Most people sharing DD don't have your best interests in mind.

Just do the work and find your own plays. Don't trust some random genius to take you to valhalla.
Lol you belong here
Fed chair says the stock market as we knew it is over
Losing someone else's money on a shitty yolo is even more ret@rded than losing your own money on a shitty yolo
You can rent a Lambo for like 800. Brb while I take a couple pictures for the gram and sell my former high school classmates who work at Olive Garden a course on how to be rich.
JMIA calls are juicy
Remember, 50 cent don’t even talk to his son anymore
They would probably pick words that sound funny and somehow hit when a stock goes from a dollar to fifty.
[deleted]
It’s free money tho
Why, how’s your portfolio been performing?
you do know the ipo price was 120, it's just that the retailers were late to the party, no fault of their own, and had to start buying from 240.
No way this company which is not even making profits worth that much right now. aill buy in if it dips in the range 150-200
Rumours are it's better
Cash covered puts
If bulls will let me have DIS tomorrow I will never be a gay bear ever again. HAVE MERCY 🙏🏾
You’re absolutely right I think about that possibility way too often. I wish I wasn’t such a bitch when I started
How people lose three quarters of a million dollars and say “I want to continue to do this” is a real testament to autism done right. Congratulations!
[deleted]
You got a link? Asking for a friend
Ever heard of nio
Mad
*There's just something women like about a pickup man*

Long F
Where’s the really hot DD these days? I would love to join if you know.
[deleted]
don't do it man, at least not how the market is right now. if we had a stimulus and things were green as shit, i'd say maybe.... but still a bad idea.
1 more year and my dog can make my acct green
Netflix 520 next week
u will only hear of the few that made it and not the 99% that didn't lol
This chart begins on March 2016. I was green for maybe 5 days total. 

My options so far:
- Do the same thing I’ve been doing which is hustling on Retard boulevard which we all know the road leads to $0

- ROPE 11/20c

- pick one stock like AMZN TSLA SE and just dollar cost average over the next 10 years like $100 per week... setup a recurring investment and then delete the app. Check in 2030.
Feel like my soul has been eviscerated a long time ago completely lost my self mind and connection to anything floating thru this existence. Anyone feel this way?
Bro let me borrow 200 shares. I’ll pay you back.
I mean the ratio of the covered call premiums to the amount you’re spending on shares isn’t exactly that high
Zeus?
Take my angry upvote! Last line had me rolling.
Going down fo sho - *I say as I wipe away tears holding DIS puts 😢*
How much can I make a year running the wheel on AMZN if I’m running 2 contracts
I changed your number to my number

I honestly thought there would be more in your account, but will at least cover my quick Wendy's midnight run

just kidding
lmao
You guys will be back and my leap will fucking print
Some people made a ton off of Madoff investments until they didn't.
Would you buy before EOW or next monday at open?
Ah yes, the great What Ifs

What if I did this

What if I did that
> is potentially the

You misspelled "is going to be". It's ok, it happens
Been on a losing streak, down from 40k to 5k in a month’s time. Someone give me a sage trade to break the streak and I’ll slowly build back up
Actual successful traders might post here every now and then for fun, but they are busy making cash and making moves.

99.999% of the people here are shitposting about $100 plays, and 99% of them joined within the last year and honestly don't know shit about trading.

If this place is anything more to you than just a satirical circlejerk, then you need to gtfo and read some real resources.
Jesus h
so during this entire bullshit of the last few weeks i have been playing theta gang and just trying to swing trade stonks.  apparently that makes more money than trying to do naked options hmmm.  revoke my wsb card
Would you rather get all the money you lost from options back

or

The $30 it cost to rent Mulan
Now lose it all so you don't pay taxes.
Buy nio puts fuck it
Who here thinks that a WSB commune or monastery would be a resounding success?
r/ButtHoleTicklers
Puts on YouTube uploading. 30 min 4K vid taking 24 hours to upload 😩
[deleted]
Cries is paper trade money 💰
The first time yes, the second time no
Do you seriously not know how to use the crop button in  mspaint? Who lets these retards buy stocks?
Anybody having trouble logging into IBKR TWS. It used to send the code to my phone immediately, now it's not sending the code at all.
Probably means the premium but isn’t listing the strike price
Especially ACB
Yeah I think the problem is we’ve doubled in size since last January
Too many random people just lurking or trolling and not actually partaking
omg Kreygasm fuck you
ACB is done bag holder, buy NIO
Lol
Tomorrow’s going to be blood red
im actually confused as to why bulls think a second vaccine will somehow pump markets when we already have a vaccine.
JD > BABA > PLTR > NIO = XPEV > RKT

Don’t know about TCEHY. But I’m retarded so I don’t know fuck about shit.
They are decriminalizing up to a oz. haven’t read the bill
NIO
V ..... \|_
NIO only retard
Nah she’s nowhere close to that
I'm fucking with SRTY with one day trade left. And American honey wild turkey ain't bad turns out
No way I would’ve been able to hold that long. I value sleep too much and I’d start doubting my luck. Mad props to you. Congrats
Thxbb
Link to a news story is not DD.
God please can’t wait until it snaps down to 25 and wipes them all out
Wait till you cash out and don’t know how to roll the money around to escape taxes(IMO get a cpa ASAP and preferably an Asian one without morals). Taxes will have you screaming NIOoooo!
Damn think you cracked the case bro
No U..... Jk congrats
If I were you I would take 50k out of your account so no matter what you walk away +20k which is awesome. Plus you have to watch out for taxes and then you can challenge yourself to see if you can get that 50k back to 100 again. I’ve seen too many posts on here where people get cocky and lose most if not all of their gains. Please be smart and pocket some of that, please.

Congrats by the way, well done.
Never bet against the mouse
Moderna vaccine pump is due any day now.
Especially during Quarantine, why not? Family is number one anyway
**SAM** I YOLO INTO THIS. PLEASE PAY ME TOMORROW 🍻🍺🍻🍺🍻🍺🍻🍺🍻🍺🍻🍺🍻🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ok and you think it’ll at least hit that $16.5-$17 mark? In your opinion
Bout to buy a few hundred so I can sell covered calls.
How come there’s very little quality DD posted here anymore? Anyone else feel that the glory days of WSB are long gone?
Greenskeepers - Lotion
Who goes on tiktok anyway?
Huawei is pretty close to it, they have their own OS but they're private.
So my 40 puts have a chance?
... been inside...
[deleted]
Are they legalizing shrooms for recreational use, or just medical?
Pull out 50k and put that down. Mortgages are cheap as fuck right now.
So you kept betting 20 g’s and lost every time. If you go to Vegas sometime let me know, I want to play at your table.
You have hundreds of shares of AMZN?
etrade
He out guns John wick imo.
Please put some into vanguard or something hahaha
Does anyone that trades own a fucking charger.
[removed]
This is clearly Reddit...
High short volume today on S&P Value ETF, Retail ETF, and Communications Sector ETF

Very low volume on Growth ETF
>Disney 

Going up dawg
Overdue. Calls on 5-HT2A agonists
This happens every two weeks or so when a sector pumps
What about in drag? Is he swingle?
[deleted]
Ask her how many bears are hanging out behind the dumpster.
Congratulations you figured out the wheel exists
nah, given their line of work they were likely focused on the mission and didn't care so much about profits

now that they're public and beholden to shareholders, that will change real quick, watch
What's your favorite song?
You went from 1m to 250k during a bull market after the 2018 bear market? How May I ask? Do you have any investment rules you do not cross no matter what?
They’re just pretending so people think they’re are loyal. If they didn’t, they might get out of the circle

Watch Tulsi Gabbard on Joe Rogan , she basically explained how it works, and that current politics system, is not for the people
Yeah how much is it. Give me what you have and I’ll double it by Tuesday. I got you bro. I am number 1 investor👍🏼
I live in Hawaii. You can rent my garage. For like 3 months. No bathroom privilege
So basically, let’s say you buy this call tomorrow and it doesn’t hit $17.5 but does hit somewhere around $16.5-$17, you still make money as long as you sell before expiration.

So if on the 18th or 19th you have some nice gains and want to sell your call which is worth maybe $50 or $70 all you have to do is sell it and not execute it
Nio is worth $100 a share they sold 10,000 cars this year!! We are profitable company!!! Long $LFIN!
Is that a lot for your hospital?
I try to wait until a stock either craters or peaks significantly to buy/sell. Like I’ll look for a legit reversal pattern.
💎hands that shit
New high score! Congrats 🥳 Inspirational diamond handling
If you have 330,,000 that you want to park in amazon so you can sell a call, sure
I said a space company outsourced by the US Govt. I'll expand on that by saying he's had many successful manned missions. Neither other company you mentioned can say that.

Who followed who into the hyperloop space? Branson, again. I like the guy(a lot, my hypothetical boat is moored right off his private island) but he doesn't perform at the level elon does.

EVs failed in the early 90s because the world wasn't ready. Much like solar failed in the 50s and 60s. My reference to Elon being one of the first in solar panels was a targeted point at the value they currently represent in today's market.

My post wasn't to deter ppl from entering elon's sandbox; in fact he's stated he wouldn't care if tesla or space x failed and lost money as long as they developed markets that grew because he sees these areas of commerce as essential to the development of a sustainable and everlasting human race.

Best counterargument yet tho.
It is possible if the tech bubble completely bursts. That is around the fair market value without the bubble premium.
Disney holding or going down?
r/nocontext
[removed]
Good luck brother may we have a day where we both print!!
Stopped reading at 电话 (the first 2 Chinese word) cuz it literally means phone. Let me guess, youre the kid looking smart in class who yell answer on all of the teacher's question in class just to impress a girl but turns out you're all wrong.
Biden winning is more confirmed than ever with securing AZ

All in EV / Renewables / ACB!!!
Funny thing about NIO is that it was actually one of the worst chinese ev stocks today lol

But the options dates and strikes are so much better
Just gotta put in 8 offers above asking price and get beat out on 7 of them because someone comes in with a cash offer waiving inspections and appraisal!
Can you explain it like I’m at a 3rd grade reading level
Buying up more LYFT apparently they are in talks with EVs in China & when this news hits its a fucking California forest fire for that stock.
Rank these tickers for leaps: BABA, JD, TCEHY, PLTR, RKT, NIO, XPEV
Imagine pushing h4
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**ElectronicSandwich4** 🌈, kminder in **8 days** on [**2020-11-21 04:18:16Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-21 04:18:16Z&reminder_id=33126107a8d24cf689f61e37ee4b7a29&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Keep_wishing_gay_bears**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt3ttb/keep_wishing_gay_bears/gc4fbil/?context=3)

> kminder in 8 days

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-21T04%3A18%3A16%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt3ttb%2Fkeep_wishing_gay_bears%2Fgc4fbil%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete comment, Add email notification, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-21 04:18:16Z&reminder_id=33126107a8d24cf689f61e37ee4b7a29&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** For help, visit our subreddit r/reminddit!



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Inevitable. At least as a public company there can be a semblance of oversight. Maybe.
[removed]
Still would like a source. Not doubting it.

Personally I think swapping isn’t a good idea. But in China its more feasible nor necessary come future. 

But NIO has sole support from CCP with battery swapping as per their tax subsidy. So NIO will do well with it for a while.
They can’t claim it is for all and leave out the under four investors
[deleted]
Will check out, thanks.
?
I really should live with my parents again. More money to yolo.
When did this sub start becoming r/investing?
You’re ‘gambling’ with $3k, I’m ‘investing’ with $200k. https://imgur.com/a/f21DFg6
Yeah, you just have to own 300k of Amazon.
days go by and still i think of you
How tight was your butthole during that big dip there?
I bought calls may j pow be with you 🖖🏾
Or a bag holder who who will laugh at in the future saying that autist bought stock in a 17 year old software company that still burns cash like a startup?
She going to see those retards there flipping burgers
Yep.  I was literally that generation of trader, back when Netscape was a thing. In fact, a lot of us were gutted because we couldn't front run the retail guys as pros.

I like your skepticism but your sarcasm is off target and your belligerence is puzzling. What's different this time is the pace.  Remember garbage like Pets.com and JDSU or WorldCom or global crossing? I do.  I'm Canadian so i'll throw in 360Networks, fucking bid.com, and Nortel.  Back then the biggest companies were not the dot.coms but financials and stuff like Barrick Gold. the biggest companies today are all tech. I honestly don't remember if all those vaporized at the same time but you get the point. 

It's an entirely different market because the participants are entirely different.  I worked for RBC and their online platform hadnt even conceptualized yet.  You're telling me the guy who had to call his broker for 3% commission is the same 20-something who is flipping options on his phone?

Dude.. get a grip.
they r gay
Your Mom to get her ass over here and to stop tending grown men
Yea thank you, I looked it up and realized I was a dumb ass
What are her positions or ban?
[deleted]
That’s not too bad what’s your amortization?
Wendys tight ginger ass
If it drops to $80 a share I’ll buy this whole sub a 4 for 4
Yes, that's the point.
Get amazon under $3090 and I’m done with puts!! Till niece earnings report lol
Wait so....I can collect 10k premium selling a few covered calls on AMZN weeklies? 20k a month plus profit from assignment sounds fucking amazing.
They are worth $100 a share because they sold 10,000 cars this year so far!! I am profitable company! Long $LFIN
I feel you, I't takes a few minutes for the bid/ask spread to settle down. Yes?
he's got great hair

he could pull off the bald look too though
Tendies please 🍗
[deleted]
dec 15-16 FED holds next meeting where they will most likely decide to buy more corporate bond debt to help our ailing economy. SPY 380. money printer go brrrr
Ok so just to make sure I got it right, if FSR share price is below 17.5 on the 20th, i lose money correct? I honestly might take the risk, how much money would I gain if it ends up like at 18.5 a share?
This sub in beginning of the year: FUCK THE CCP TO HELL!!

This sub now: Xi is daddy take my money NIO
Puts after first bump and then scalp.
Some secret ministerial agency lol
Watching Queen’s Gambit right now. Very good
I've sold 40% of my shares already.

Real regret is not having any calls on it
1700$
bill to legalize marijuana in N.J was amended to include mushrooms

jersey about to get the doses they need
I see, makes sense 👍
I knew you were bad lmfao
I think buying calls at open is the best, most of market movement happens in the first hour

I watch the live bid ask prices, then I set a limit order if I want it
Calls on moms spaghetti 

Got it
I got Li and Nio shares, some XPEV shares, and an XPEV call. Small bits, but I was up $450 today. I couldn't daytrade because of the robinhood limit, so I'm only up $50 now. Hoping it rises again tomorrow, don't really feel like putting 25k into robinhood just so I can day trade. That or I'm too scared to find out if I would've sold my call and shares immediately instead of waiting for the peak. Probably the latter, seeing as my money in Li, NIO, and XPEV peaked at $450 instead of $80,000 :)
[removed]
the fuck is this shit.
My mom is stopping at Wendy's for us. You retards want anything?
#INVESTING INTO PALANTIR SO I TOO CAN OWN MY PERSONAL DATA
Its those papers those damn jehovah witness leave on your porch while you stare at them through the peep hole and trying to be quiet AF.
Damn that HTZ
Naaa their spreads dated next week.  FSLY just bounce off it’s 200MA.  Waiting for break in some overhead resistance and should fly thereafter
Yo yo yo
That’s a lot taxes if it’s all short term gains.. lol I’m gonna owe a ton of money at the end of the year as well
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Johnny Ryall                ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaE3JTPVKdc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaE3JTPVKdc)⠀►►⠀ 2:01 / 3:02 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
i bought 20p. i think Trump is gonna go crazy on china and iran in a minute
Wow...
Exactly this.
Always is.. gonna stay there till 2029
2-6

[https://chess.org/play/71380592-30c7-4992-9068-f6e8d61772aa](https://chess.org/play/71380592-30c7-4992-9068-f6e8d61772aa)

puts on my chess game rn
Sounds like some gay political bullshit to me
aka unemployed basement dweller
Time to sell, by selling i meant selling it then fomo back in 2 minutes later while mumbling "no ragrets" to yourself
I’m not a businessman...I’m a business, man.
It's cool it's cool... I just bought a put, you guys should be getting a sweet pump right about now.
Yeah but high IV usually makes it a no-win situation
[deleted]
Then spy goes up 1000 pts on the news
Metallica? I don’t know something shitty like that

Or maybe some post-rock
Love you retards. I hope all of your worthless 0.01 11/20 calls become 0.05’s tomorrow 🍻
Bro, 350% profit is no fucking joke, you did good
Gotcha
Just a heads up. Your Max pain figures.

QQQ 288 we are there

SPY 352 we are there

NIO 39 yikes. gonna be a big oof kind of day.
what my account was worth a year ago:what it was 4 months ago: what it is now
That sir is when it drops to $80/share.
You suck at this game lol
yea thats how the numbers for businesses work but how does a business operate?
Luckin burned me out of 3k that shit sucked
Fuck Nikola
Alibaba the kebab chain?
I am white, I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all six of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standing here screaming, "CHWY 12/18 $65 Call!”
[deleted]
Yeah not with Li earning tomorrow though....Nips going past $50’tomorrow
it was just like 1 guy who went on ban spree. hes been disposed of so u can say what u want now
Now u got me thinking
Yeah those premiums are looking mighty healthy right now. Will have to see what they are tomorrow
The American people should be furious right now. Country's like russia and china openly spread fake videos and sow divides and get caught and yet here we are infighting. We need a politician that isn't afraid to put his foot down and tell them to stop undermining our democracy. IWM 165p 11/20
[deleted]
I’d take the profits before or day of their announcement. PFE’s just been tanking since their’s.
Someone Google translate this
So you won’t be able to afford covered calls, so o suggest a NOV 20 17.5 call in FSR for the hell of it. But this is sort of risky, but still would get you some gains
Lose money for me
How much is it?
[deleted]
TD Ameritrade also shows no activity right at opening for this option.
You need 100 shares to sell a covered call
none of the issues you mentioned are struggles in which I was referring to - my problem has been seeing profits there but not taking them, like watching the value of options spike up and then fade out.
Chine-Der
[deleted]
This is definitely part of it. RH's "smoothed" charts override actual highs and lows. If you click on the high for the day, for example, it will give a number well below the actual high. And it will make choppiness look like a fucking mega-rally straight line up or down.

I swear they are purposefully doing this shit to mislead people into making bad decisions and depositing more cash.
I answered on that lol thanks 😂 not possible.
Can somebody give these momentum chasing NIO phaggots their own thread?
Fuck admins
The CEO is a homosexual icon
bro that's like 100k taxes. You can't even buy a house in the worst part of my state with that.
No u
Kinda stock that’s only satisfied after it hits 100$. Edging until then.
Insightful.
not if you flee the country and don’t do your taxes
Told this chick on Tinder I’m a Derivatives Analyst
It's nearly December and people are still meming "2020".
It is pretty funny that they’ve started marking you guys like auctioned cattle that have been banned on here before lol
[removed]
🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳


🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hi my name’s Connor McDontgetlaid, and I’m gonna ask WSB what I should do with my money tomorrow because I dont have friends or a sex life and am new to Robinhood.
So is TSLA boomer now?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Forgot2TurnOffMySwag don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Buying $FLUX , EV stocks are the best rn
Who cares. I’m sure most of them are friggin idiots
Bro that's the internet. There are even people with thousands of followers who just share other content but stamp their face on it. This one dude on tiktok literally shows jpgs of optical illusions from Google images and gets hundreds of comments saying how amazing he is for making them lol. Of course he never says he did make them but he also never credits the artist or anything. 

Even just youtube searching "what is options trading" there's 900 videos and I bet next year there will be 900 more saying the same stuff.
>1. Americans like to own their whole vehicle, so it didnt catch on very well. 

Considering how many lease and ride share I am not sure 


>2. supercharger network already existed. essentially one service that was already in existence and people were used to doing was out competing a newer service. 

I realistically dont think this will be a realistic option if EVs are actually adopted at the scale they are predicting. Thats a big load on power demands. As is you are restricted with the amount of superchargers you can install on you property in some states. Imagine countries that already have rolling black outs to help manage energy demand. 

>3. was that they had to make appointments for the

Nio doesn't need to. People had to make appointments because tesla couldn't keep up with drive ups hahah the smoking tire podcast talked about this and mentioned the big lie ups for batteries charged by diesel generators.
CHINESE SPY
Just posted on politician issue when we had presidential debate, mods are so insensitive
Options profit calculator.
Welcome! We already love you
Mods are fucking gay
Basically IV is all about “hype” that hype momentum is killed you are fucked
PLTR is the company that will turn us all into real investors

"you can't time the market"

"buy and hold"

these are the things you'll be saying soon

it was fun while it lasted, but i'm not missing the boat on this
This is the way for tendies.
COMMIES!!!
#NEPHEW
What’s the Chinese Grindr? I will buy calls
You forgot to mention you blow that 2k on FD'S
[deleted]
Fuck it, me too. I missed out on NIO; got in recently, but missed the meteoric rise. I want PLTR to be my NIO. Went in for 1000 shares today. Might double down tomorrow.
[removed]
/u/vredditdownloader
I have to pay my mortgage fak
[deleted]
Fuck off
It did the opposite. The stock fucking tripled after the fraud reports. The Chinese will do whatever they can to avoid the embarrassment of another Luckin.
chicks there are super hot
can someone please explain what this company does?
Fuck. YOU. Congrats.
Dad?
Right on
A = L + SE my dude
Yes I know. However, some stocks like AMZN like to pop at open and the gains are quite nice.
Is this dubbed over in english? 

I hate movies when the lips don't match the words. Annoying as hell. That's why I watch japanese movies in japanese and try to read the captions...

WTF am I talking about. There aren't any captions in porn. Well, none that I actually read.
Lol ah yes the fintech “dream”
Bulls in shambles 🙏🏾
[deleted]
Spare some change kind sir
That like like the nio graph
Fuck what a spooky day it's gonna be friday the 13th is 💀 👻 I just wanna make money
Yeah, that’s a possibility. I don’t think so though. At least not yet. 

Remindme! Two months.
Jesus,  over a qtr mil for one share
 Nope
Imo opinion either all ev stocks have awhile to go up, or Tesla has to come down a lot .
What about $LI? $Xpev ?
jesus christ, how'd u get 15 day ban? did u threaten the pope?
Try JC, their about the same size and they actually use quality cotton/wool for their clothes.
Bought puts on amazon for tomorrow, how screwed am I?! Lol praying for a red Friday.
Sco December calls with whatever you can afford with $100. Oil is ridiculously high considering oil futures expiry is next week, Europe is on lockdown, and holiday travel is going to be a lot lower this year compared to other years dropping oil demand in December. Lacking creativity will kill you. Also, CCL puts.
Soft or hard sleeper?
i seriously took a flier. it hit - didnt take profits bc news of more closures happening and then after looking up the ER date, i decided to hold. ZM was like over 500 before the covid-related stock crash on monday.
First rodeo?
No it’s not.
they all are. should check out the documentary Manufacturing Consent. Interesting shit.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Lil Baby x 42 Dugg - We Paid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GErG9femMQk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GErG9femMQk)⠀►►⠀ 1:56 / 2:55 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Don’t sell $ROPE at a loss hold
Man, these chinese ev and solar stocks are ruining my expectations again. Looking at those 10%+ jumps everyday, usual moons (for ex. csco today) sounds so mehhhh....
At 2k the market valuation would be as high as Apple bruh.
Buy a straddle.
Pelosi for a month or two could mean stimulus
You only have 4% more to go and then you get a prize
Domestic will return first, look to budget airlines like Spirit and Frontier.
The world is very distracted right now. Fraud it may be; and yet what it is going to be will perhaps be that, but not this week.
They provide Palantir for Airbus and credit Suisse, two European (and large) companies
Biggie is the illest
Almost all I do. Sell 8-10DTE individual tickers and 1-2DTE SPY
[deleted]
Shit I better have one of those too.
[deleted]
you did well

remember: buy high, sell low
Tbh I don't want lockdown and restrictions to end. I never went out anyway because I'm an autistic loner, so it makes no difference for me. I moved back in with my parents away from the city. I'm saving over 2k a month living rent-free since March while "working" from home lying in bed. 


The only positive thing that the end of lockdown will do for me is allow me to visit escorts again.
😂
Alexa play We Paid by Lil Baby
Oh hell yes bro I live down the street from the battery was just there tonight actually
Gel memory foam from Amazon or purple. Don't be a boomer and spend over 500 my bed was 250 and amazing in every way
Say it with your chest, they won’t do shit. 🗣 FUCK MODS
Wife fucking material.
lol this how you become a bag holder
NTES calls are cheap rn
Ban again
Honestly, buying calls at open is usually a dumb idea. 10:30am or later
No deal. Fuck yo puts.
I know he is 😂


Guess I shouldn’t added /s
how do they work?
Look, the other guy doesn't know. Because nobody knows.

But you don't know shit too.

We can't KNOW how things are gonna be in 3 years.

Let's go to 2017. Tesla was considered a meme stock.

With tech, it's impossible to know 100%
Is it actually? Must not have been on Reddit long enough?
Isn't the real answer to that question only "sort of?" Their CEO said that they will always put US interests first, which kind of shuts down any meaningful potential from other countries...
How about that Albert “The Bullshitter” Bourla! Pumped the hell out of PFE and then damped it.
Nio is so outdated it was hot like 4 seconds ago now word out on the street is to go full retard on XPEV.
Been around 20 years and late to the game?
PRPL
[deleted]
Be business:

*buy

*sell
I'd be all over pltr if the market cap isnt so inflated

15b and no profits.. Okay buddy
IS **SNOW** *REALLY* ALMOST ABOUT TO TRADE BELOW IPO LEVELS?????


📯📯📯 GATHER THE MEN, ITS TIME TO **BUY CALLS**
KODK
"fintech"
Lmfao
Can you just play along, for fun?
Please let tomorrow be an actual Black Friday. Please
i thought the eps was at -0.94 while the expected was 0.02. Am i missing something here?
Yeah some of us aren’t totally retarded but didn’t get invites RIP
Anyone know what’s happening with PDS options? My $1 calls are in shambles. Dafaq? Reverse stock splits impact my options how exactly? *.*
Chinese government won't trust any company to do that kind of job.
PRPL
Some are expecting Nov 20 opex to be something wild
I went to the strip club magic city and to the battery.  Atlanta was middle of the week so less people out.  Nashville and charleston were the weekends so packed bars.
Exactly $100, and btw thanks for actually helping me out
I think he’s making fun of you for spelling palantir wrong
I only made a quarter of that ..... but I’ll take it 🤣😜
I bought today before earnings after it was down 6%.  Should be a good play...  they did talk a lot about some good contracts.
Fuck mods, great to be back here after serving 15 day ban
“SAD!”
if you think the price you're buying at is too high, wait for a lower entry point and then you'll realize it was actually a steal
Earnings next week, might just run
Ban
Mattress firm is overpriced, get it from ikea
You can’t buy a house for 170k anywhere but cousin fucker nowhere’s in 2020 bruh
I honestly feel like XPEV and NIO are still early in their rallys. I feel like each is still going to double over the next couple months.
It’s surprising to me how most of reddit has no clue how businesses work at all.
Hello fellow pussy. We suck
Tbh it could still be a scam
Admins are the real douche canoes tbh, they cleaning up shop. Also a lot of people are leaving this place for smaller private WSB like subs
I mean that might be kind of helpful.
WEST SIDEEEEEEEE
How much money do you currently have to spend ?
Csco hold!!!
Days are flying by too fast man wtf
They're like less than $500...
I mean you generally want to buy your strangles when IV is low
[2 digit year][2 digit month][2 digit day]:[number of days]:[number of times banned]
i don't even bother. never had success with those. you miss out sometimes but you also miss out on fomo
I want to invest in the Chinese AAPL! Oh wait....AAPL is Chinese!
Go cross a state or two till you get to Mississippi. Everyone looks good compared to those folks.
So ups is never going up is it?
Reselling 10x due to bots
Gap Kids
:)
We bumping uzi
Hoping we finally get the 10% correction we're supposed to have by 12/31. My 11/18 SPY puts are prolly fucked but hopefully my longer dated ones make up what I lose
 No, you’re the idiot!  See how that works?
Hope it doesn't dump, haven't loaded up on puts
CCP
*gets on knees*
:(
Yes. For someone else.
You could still make a comeback
[deleted]
Lol read PTON

Idk about that lord of the rings shit, I’ll see myself out
Why do people suck off VOO so much? IVV is the SP king when it comes to shares and SPY for options.
I’m so dumb
5 cents short
Settle down lil man drugs don’t actually make you cool
Who cares about iq when the growth potential is 4x more massive
Fuckk y’all east coast nighas
I had my pants unzipped and ready to go only to find you bought shares like a fiscally responsible adult.

I can't jerk off to this.

Unless....
Pp’s sucked/ date of ban/ ban length 

Something like that
Who’s the Chinese PLTR?
Get the fuck out
For real. They banned everyone and now the sub is empty
[deleted]
Gotcha. Good play man!!!
Ban fetish
putins cock is quite big yeah
And tendies are in the eye of the callholder
That looks kinda fun.
It actually is! If you are down 100% you are at zero, if you make something out of zero, you are making a miracle... like the Big Bang, creating everything out of nothing !
[deleted]
[removed]
Depends on the stock. I wouldn't though, seems like any moment shit rockets or dips randomly these days
What the fuck
If I did that on ibkr the order is most likely. Considered removing liquidity and costs a fuck ton more in commissions.
[deleted]
I ONLY KNOW NIO
Yes, but NIO was seriously undervalued because they almost went under before investment from China. Still though idk man I take back what I said
KXIN had like a 300% jump a month or two ago
Saving this post for when people try to brag about their money on this sub without posting. “I found your throwaway bro.”
Pop a Perc Pussy.
SHREK GREEN
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** But why are people here flexing hard on their demo’s?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtavhn
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtavhn) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/DancingWolf-20, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
DancingWolf-20
OverpricedBagel
Lmao I’m 5’4” and one of the only stores i can shop is express cuz they carry XS
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
100% 😂😩
Genie Energy, long for when Biden begins ~~bombing~~  bringing democracy to Syria.
And fb too?
Happy Friday the 13th!
[deleted]
Happy cake day
Who?
Ok fuckit, buying calls again
Can I get the quick rundown on all the holocaust tattoo flairs?
You don't fuck with the 🐁
its something biden said at his rally
[deleted]
Can’t believe it’s Friday let alone almost thanksgiving. Bless up autists stay strong thru the eoy
Triple D
Sell that shit and buy a house you glorious bastard
So curious here, how do you’ll usually buy calls right at open? Set limit order before open and hope it hits? Or set the order after it opens, again, hoping you can catch the climb up? 🤔🤔🤔
Fuck that too
How about I undo for you?
Can u imagine at the OPEC meeting at the end of the month, if Russia and Saudi just say fuck it we’re drilling all we want bitch and do a March 2.0
I wish he could turn my tears into cash
Their rich are filthy rich. The number of rich people in China probably are in the millions. Because their population is just that big. 

Average us salary is about $56k. Still doesn't stop those idiots from buying bmw, mercedes, audi, etc while living in a one bed apartment living month to month.
[removed]
mr. hand
Likewise. I'm still gonna angrily diamond-hand them into the dirt waiting for that squeeze.
Not assuming anything dawg
Yeah because you totally thought it was going to $7.5 by the 20th.. Honestly, that part right there makes this entire luck and you should really do research before taking options like this.
two of those are the safest stocks to be in whatever market. fsly might go well if it's a long.
all in all, you should be fine unless you have msft 225c's and amd 90c's expiring tomorrow or sth, haha.
If I buy 1 PLTR put for 3000 and 2 PLTR calls for 1500

Do I make money?
Trump really tried to use Tiktok for political points and then forgot about it lol
New mattress tomorrow, what should I get
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO has had like 2000% growth. XPEV only like 90%
Bezos is obviously a genius/bad-ass-business-scion, but god damn is the Washington Post a dumpster fire.  Clearly leveraged for beneficial narrative production.
I’m sure there’s penny stocks that have gone up like 10,000%
Bulls really showing the bears how it’s done with these lil peeners, not a stitch of difference since close. Boring night
Fuck mods
Water futures for the apocalypse
source for that?

the biggest reason for the "failure" of the pilot program was two fold

1. Americans like to own their whole vehicle, so it didnt catch on very well. 

2. supercharger network already existed. essentially one service that was already in existence and people were used to doing was out competing a newer service. 

you could say 3. was that they had to make appointments for the switch.
So... Anyone take a peak @
http://openinsider.com/charts

This is the largest insider sell print ever. The past 2 days have been
They have the worst fucking charts. You have to watch option flow before buying or get fucked right from the get.
No, just means we really are stupid as hell. If we are this delusional, we aren't lasting long.

Looks like our enemies counter espionage has worked and turned us against each other and made us basically insane.
My FSLY calls gonna be so happy
Dam Holmes, you’re right - EV’s are only sold in the US market.
Yeah bought at 40 I believe i don’t remember. They expire tomorrow I still have a couple im holding onto for tomorrow
Lol I’m the exact same way. RH is way too easy to navigate and make retarded decisions at lightning speed also
I’m thinking iron condors on some boomer shit like BB, T or NOK
NIO has had like 2000% growth. XPEV only like 90%
Its good to use fundamentals but you should also look at reality and use critical thinking skills. The stock market isn't gonna say "oh a triple top better go down" if people are investing into it.
...that’s short term dumbass, 3 months from now it goes up on good news.
I thought it was 80%
They had a 60 minutes special if that makes u feel better
Appreciating this confirmation bias.
Tech 100 is green that’s where TSLA goes up everything is green
FSLY gonna fly
God damn it... You just made me realize I trade too much. I have to scroll a dozen times to make it through my list.

Never realize that was in the app. My dumbass always went to the website.
🍳
You could always sell ge puts. You can buy ge at a specific price and get paid to do it whether you get to buy the share or not. You’d get cheap hookers and little blow, but you would still meet your goal.
Ban
Anyone else here SPCE balls deep? Excited for the flight next week?
Cheers!  Welcome to hell!
Why would that make you feel anything?
Not good enough the crowds says, not one  what one blogger says.
Guess right
On meth parently. I'm stoned myself.
Swap blnk with pltr put

Swap fsr with sbe put 

Sell bigc put
Robinhood is so easy to use that you can do a lot of really dumb shit really fast and end up fucked before you know it.
Wish you would find reading the sidebar  posting guidelines easy...
What are you dude? black women are probably the most open to serious interracial dating.
The fuck is LSV?
Apple.  Only thing I trade.
Wait WSB god is still a thing?
My puts fucked
Too many nio post. Time to roll the dice and inverse that bitch
[deleted]
[removed]
Congrats man!  You invested waaaaaaay back before NIO was a thing. Smart and looks like it’s paying off!  I wish I had a few thousand shares. But glad to see you do!
Bullish
You wouldn’t understand bro.
lol cuz tech is gross, too bad i sold my main calls
r/fuckyou is the way
Sup guys this is my first time back since shorting EV stocks before the election and..............OH MY GOD NO
You having a stroke?
Maybe he’ll pull a Woody Allen manoeuvre.
can you do it for me?
I mean facts I am high
We know.  You missed the joke.
Sometimes, I plug a controller into my desktop computer lol, but of course I do understand why video game consoles have their own merits
Anyone feel like this market could gap up 5% or gap down 5% at any moment and it wouldn't be at all surprising? How you meant to trade this shit
Didn’t zoom do some bullshit a few weeks ago?
their average employee IQ is prob like 1/2 of the avg PLTR employee IQ. I'll put my money on the geniuses
How many of you that love the NIO stock would buy a NIO car??
Tomo play : buying spy puts , nio puts at 3:59 calls on other boomer stocks with june 2021 expiration. Weekend covid cases raising, spy puts will print on monday
Very true
No one even knows what they do besides some shit in the clouds.
I’ll help out the retarded OP bc I’m curious what you have to say. He said $32k onhand
TikTok can continue to operate in the U.S. - CNBC

Puts on SNAP. Easy money.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I’m trying to make a million by next Monday

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtag0w
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtag0w) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/CablesOnCables, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CablesOnCables
jdoggins
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Most citizens agree we need to be tougher on foreign countries like China and Russia, but our politicians over promise and underdeliver, and our corporations love working with China. Not much any single person not in government can do.
[removed]
What was the spike
[deleted]
I’m almost exactly the same 70%
What’s planatir
What are the odds I get banned😂
AMD, MSFT, FSLY hedged with VXX
Yeah alright, I’ll have a look. Thanks
Bruhhh. Try googling"market cap". Your welcome
They sold 5000 cars last month. 10-15 Michigan car dealers do that every month.
Total of like $200 put in, two different calls, so I'm not sweating it
Yeah sure why not
WSB with all the fun and swearing removed. No thanks.
[deleted]
Well played Princeps94
We are green looks like TSLA looking tomorrow
This is not where you want to learn. Look up “the greeks”
We can see your history
*(SPY futures +.04% at time of writing)*
Woosh
[deleted]
TELL ME WHY I SHOULDNT YOLO ON SNOW TOMORROW AND TAKE THIS NOOSE OFF MY NECK
AKA BERS PREPARE ASHOE
Whenever I deposit on ToS, I make hella cash and cash out.

Whenever I deposit on RH, I lose it all.

RH does indeed have shitty fills, but I don't think this is why. I think looking at the RH screen actually makes me retarded.

I think I'll just stick to ToS.
Underrated shitpost. I can’t updoot you more than once.
Yea I remember hearing about them months ago when they were around $2.5 but nothing about them peaked my interest so I didn’t trade it.
Are ya winning, Mr vice president?
US 30 is the stupidest ticker to watch
lets complete that head and shoulders formation
Any Kratom is too much Kratom.. once never again.
Whats your discord? I've been very bullish on dkng since it was below 30.. the discord group im in doesnt even care about dkng sadly
The 1.6 million people of this sub are well lubed and want the good stuff.
Not even mad these are shares. Congrats dude!
[deleted]
Don’t touch anything with cases going parabolic. We’re in a massive theta trap
I feel attacked 😭
Bears like:

Rising covid cases = crashing economy = crash just like last time

Except wait did we rally like fuck last covid crisis or crash? hmmmm bears hmmmmm
Look at the open interest, they want 360 next week, the 355 implies 358 and still 60k 360 strike spy
AMZN so 2020.
might as well buy single long options or debit spreads
Well glad your analysis says that because I need a few checks but at $250 I'm throwing the change under my cushions into it thinking it's gonna make its dance back to $300 coming  soon imo. Great earnings and bc well fuck AMZN I diidn't pull the trigger at 2,000 n now I'm sour.
Should print based on how good their earnings call was
wow, mine is like the opposite.
If I’m hungover on a Friday and spy opens up green it’s a bad day
Queens gambit
This is the way
Dont have a number in mind. Just up big. Also check out what Li and XPEV are doing. I'd sell end of day nomatter and then yolo small a weekend/earnings call with the profit
As if Trump will call for a lockdown? Biden is a big January boy
i bought nov 20 20p so nope
Lmao never heard people buying a gaming PC because they're richer. I can afford it, still wouldn't but it. 

People don't wanna play on a PC precisely because it's a PC with a keyboard. Yes it's the master race in gaming, but it will never be in the same category as video games consoles.
Pretty sure the Walmart version of anything wins.
yes its gambling
What’s the largest % single day gain we’ve seen in a stock this year?
I’d like to fuck South Dakota’s governor, she’s a total milf.
Up 69% on NIO shares: https://imgur.com/a/h4qTGr1
bullish
Bears r so fuk
I smell bitch
Сосите мой член, засранцы
not
Does a retard wear an extra padded helmet?
Futures already green
All the more reasons for me go all in
Scottsdale is a dope place
[deleted]
i dont think racism exist. it also doesnt not exist
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** We renaming to wallstreetbetsNIO?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jtatgi
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jtatgi) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/SFWoodworks, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
abick92
MadejustforWSB
OverpricedBagel
depends one what calls u got. if u are still buying fds on amazon and tesla, then u a dum dum.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Planatir 16c 1/15.  Thoughts?
No my wife has nothing to do with it
Why do you care
NIO yes Spy if you got in on Monday maybe not.
Not as much as I thought
[deleted]
Puts is spelled kinda like butts. Butts are on the down part of your body. Now you are a hedge fund manager.
Half the time it’s not about the gains, it’s about the rush
FSR
No sir I fell from 308 to 259 
and wiped the bulls clean.
Big cock? 

These pussys can't handle it
Goddam! What exp? Obviously otm right.
2-5

[https://chess.org/play/84a27363-79f9-453c-9248-78a14f9f102f](https://chess.org/play/84a27363-79f9-453c-9248-78a14f9f102f)

ok im just getting fucked now
Insufficient funds. Deposit more for chance at $1mil over a weekend.
Do I wait two weeks or start this week?
I hate solo learn some real info here 
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/
Triple tops hard to call. Would need to see it test the September low again
Me next!
the worlds smallest indian woman would like to have a word
...what do you mean “the next” their stocks aren’t even far apart
Facts
It is so close to that level already though
The average salary is not that useful for comparison because the wealth gap between the eastern part of China and the inner pays is still quite large. Also car financing is a thing.
US 30 on Investing.com CAN U GRENE OR NOT
Along with OPs paper account.
NIO 45C bought it at 50 and sold at 300
And cutting losers.
Probably something like agriculture science.
genius
You think Wall Street is worried about me??? Lol
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$64**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$1.01**|**$48.3**|**1957**|**1945**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfsleszjwcg0770dg8jskb1) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/zyzz405/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
