how u incel
I stuck my dick in a black chick's ass

You jelly bro?
Don't do it. Don't buy puts.
It would be full of fds on tsla and rkt
Riced in
If they get accused of fraud the stock could moon even more. It worked for GSX. Went from $40 to $120 in two months after fraud allegations.
$RKT. It’s about to breakout from its downtrend and head to $30.
You lost me at PM puts, which you cannot buy
It is a paper account.
18th I think
Earnings weren't even good and it still kept going up. Kind of sad I hadn't bought more like I kept telling myself to lol
Bigc leaps is a better play than pltr

I wonder nobody is mentioning it
[Any day now](https://i.imgur.com/E7sZFGg.jpg)
Pfe better shoot up
lol I have a PC because I’m not poor.
>companies in 2020 should have to pay you more to use your own space instead of their rented office space.

Narrator: they didn't.
I misread that at the start lol
Couldn't the Chinese gov't subsidize the stock price to get more speculators to get sucked in. Then they sell everything and screw everyone over.
How could they have made it more clear?
if bulls cant close tomorrow above 355 i will be a tad bearish heading into the weekend
I smell more cases and imminent lockdown over the weekend
David slayed the giant...
>Anyone else holding nio and xpev worried they’re going to get caught faking all the numbers?


So, like TSLA?
no
December sounds like
not accurate at all, literally takes instagram followers as # of OF subs
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/


I love nio
what some good tech to buy tmr amazon or shopify? buy stonks with spy at 355 is actually retard i know
[deleted]
*Poof*

You will be railed up the ass by 7 foot tall "women" from the year 2030
[deleted]
AZ been priced in for days
$20 is $20
Finish the job
Panda is not Chinese. That’s a private company
LOL at this guy thinking rkt was 2 billion market cap with 1 billion buy back plan.
The currency conversion on that is all fucked up
First one is free...
Go to SuitSupply
Mine is to bang a black chick
what about the "good" types of racism like affirmative action?
Did you buy nio?
No bear market. Just growth and value doe cee doe
Yes..stonks only go up.
rofl at least his 91% model got him paid on his bullish bets even if it was wrong on trump
My family will never use Walmart/Amazon over Chewy when it comes to pet stuff. Chewy actually vetted the products they're selling. They provide food safety info and notice of recall or defects. I know many other people that feels this way. If you don't have pets I can understand why you feel the way you do about the Chewy.
Not a gay bear but no stimulus, cases rising and 🥭 being a sore loser makes me rethink all my calls
When is Affirm going to IPO? Max you slut hurry up
JKS wiped out my account but it also made it what it was at the time. Decided today that I was ready to be hurt again and bought 1/15 80c
Pre revenue companies don't believe on the stock market unless they are like healthcare.
I wish so bad I could do a back door Roth on Robinhood. Instead I have 30k sitting in Vanguard.
It’s chill, you get pretty high, but it’s easy to take too much and get a little nauseous. Although tbf I’ve done it like 8 times in the last two months and this is the first time I felt some nausea
That will never happen
[deleted]
KB has a crazy options market lately, worth watching.
Yes, more gains.

More losses too.

Plus slow losses when it's flat
500 in spy puts. 500 in spy calls
Retard was dead wrong about the election, and dead wrong about what a Trump win would do to the markets. 
Because he was wrong in every possible way, he bought calls. And profited.

He was so fucking stupid and wrong that it all cancelled out.


Peak WSB.
What number you looking at that if it reaches you’re selling?
[removed]
[deleted]
The hospital i work at has 13 covids
I'm not the least racist person here but I'm probably not the most racist either. Puts on RCSM
Gracibot
...and it’s gone
good DD buying calls
They serve different purposes. And from someone that's used it, Splunk is a dog.
Yes Papa Elon runs a space company as well. So does Richard Branson and also Jeff Bezos. Pretty much every bored billionaire. 

Yes Papa Elon likes digging tunnels for the hyperloop. So does Richard Branson, for his own Hyperloop. 
Oh, and it wasn’t just Elon, Peter Thiel and Max Levchin also had a hand in PayPal.  Not dissing Elon, he’s special in his own way. But he’s far from the only player out there. 

FYI-1953 - Gerald Pearson and Bell Labs started the solar panel revolution. Beat musk to it by a few years. 
I would like to get my hands on the solar roof tiles though. Those look neat. 

There’s room for more than one person to play in Elon’s sandbox
Imagine. If. You. Bought. Calls.
know what they say when you assume?
[deleted]
So you got an Xbox instead of more money? Why?

I kind of think more money is better than Xbox. Play gears 5?  No thanks, I'll look at the $1000 worth of options I would of spent on Xbox series x, ssd expand (ain't no bitch), elite controller (got to be elite right?) and God knows what else.

Xbox doesn't pay me... Options do.... Xbox not fun game anymore.

Nio to the moon.
See if you can get a Sterlingwear Boston one. They're the legit ones that supply (supplied?) to the actual US Navy, but they don't look like douchebag tool military gear, they're classy.
When you say stuff like that, did you do your dd or because wsb retards tell you so?

Nio got funded by Hefei government, a second tier city, not the CCP. If NIO gets caught by PWC (their auditor), another EV company would come up.
Nio isn't even well known in China.
Amazing consistent results. Do you have a particular formula or strategy or are you just a really lucky autist?
Imagine if Robinhood had a Roth IRA. Lmao
Damn bro, I guess the only logical next move is throw your wife’s boyfriend an extra hundred this week so he could take her someplace nice.
Nice. I made 400 bucks when it was half the price and then I was like oh that’s good enough and I sold.
[removed]
What c did you buy to get that?
QUICK BACK TO THE BEAR CAVE
XPENG the next NIO? Told my friend to invest in it so has to be......right
I would suggest waiting for further pullback but if you are in it for long term it doesnt matter
Jerktek fucked up again.
Stop being ugly
Everything ok man?
Man that's weird, I couldn't imagine what it's like to be a mod
Futures are foreskin sized green.
[deleted]
Panda express
Depends how high it is
[deleted]
Priced out!
Motherfuckers here saying NIO is going to crash when GSX *is actually a fucking fraud with multiple short reports and a lot of evidence out for the whole year* and it’s still not crashed.
[deleted]
The big BABA jump might not come for a little bit, people are still a little spooked. But if you want to hang on to it long term it's a sure bet.
Not that fun. Kinda high -> sick.
I feel this comment is referencing me and I don’t like it
Yes. Bought 30k a week ago and it’s up to 45
That's deep... Special Olympics type shit... I'm in!
Jpow comes to save the day!
Who’s the Chinese CMG?
Jets is the safe boomer play. LUV had some good financials. AAL is shit, my wife owns way too much of it. Maybe an Asian airline is good which may lend credit to your australian airline. Asians wear masks while americans are fucking stupid. So as far as airlines go you may be into something.
I actually am this is my second day reading this thread haha
because you're just randomly gambling and taking advice from retards on this sub instead of researching, learning, tracking your trades, learning from your mistakes
[removed]
Got NIO calls dated for 11/27. I fully believe that NIO stays above 52 by then
I need amzn to hit 3300 real quick
84 tops
Just in Trump, Pence, Biden and Kamala got covid and died. Now we have a january runoff of Kanye vs the libertarian MFer
U won't snort more pussy
Wait are y’all selling NIO at open tomorrow?
Got that shit sitting next to me waiting for Cold War to load up
imagine being a low functioning autistic person moderating a forum for retards
[deleted]
Wow nice. Shares?
[You might enjoy this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jpnOZJonoc)
Donald = Ronald

Ronald McDonald. 

Guy eats Big Macs around the clock and is clinically obese.
Choice price. Nah I feel you. I could sell on tsla. It’s free money. But I need more capital rn. Growth phase so gotta play a little riskier to grow this shit. I’m assuming you have a lot more money than me haha so that’s why you’re buying leaps and shit. I get that.
It will be similar to a traditional Turkish/Russian bathhouse to network. Gays are of course allowed but it’s not meant to be a gay bathhouse.
Do you offer Call options on your portfolio ?
It is perfect if that's your demographic but naperville's culture gives you as much thrills as the clearance section of Super kmart.
*yes sir, yes sir, 3 baggers full*
Why is everyone talking about NIO and gainz today? Doesn’t it go up 10% every day anyway?
Rip to my poots
Aged like milk:

>	WSBgod's statistical analysis of the election and its impact on the market:

>	My model shows a 91% chance of Trump defeating Biden.

>	This means I will be placing a large number of bullish bets mid-day Monday, Nov 2nd.
The ccp
👆
You should buy a thousand $1 whores.
Is that you Donald? Get back on Twitter and post shit to pump the market!
Xbox Series X is reselling on eBay 10x it's retail price due to lockdown and supply shortages in UK.

PS5 most likely going to be the same. Anyone pre-ordered?
Because why not.
ZM needs to 🚀
What’s a good peacoat for short men (5-7, like 32 chest )
About 2/3rds long 1/3rd cash with roughly equal positions in GDRX, TWLO, AMD, TXG and NSTG. Overweight PLTR. All shares. Was about 1.4x leveraged on shares pre election.

I think we’re getting to a point where some hedges make sense. Got about 200k account gonna buy about 2k in puts.
It's relaxing, but can make you nauseous.
Burn a day trade in the last 35 minutes of trading,
r/politics is this way
Yes. Sell the contracts before they expire and hopefully for more than you paid. Much more.
Ty honey
NIO and XPEV, not Li
As the other guy mentioned, politics is looking like the new religion. It’s very culty, they have their own leaders, etc.
Why are you here?
You must be new here!
pump it uppp
Yes daddy
Just put 5 mil in and you get 100k a year at 2%
Why do I suck at this so much???
Well it was a nice run
Winter is coming and what do we need during Winter? Energy? XLE calls or GUSH for the adventurous.
There's not gonna be a pureplay Chinese PTON. All the tech oligarchs are already eyeing that piece. Xiaomi I believe already has a clone.
Just give me one more AMZN big Green Day and I’ll step outta covid stocks
So many Covid cases hopefully PTON moons of this news
Markets gonna open flat and dump right away
Gotta pace yourself, hard not to drink it too fast.

Kava is much smoother
I like your advice the best
They called me a whale in HS... I’ll show them 👊
Cash it at the bank for rolls of quarters and see how many you can fit up your bum.
I think ur hype that someone is willing to have sex with you
X.P.E.V.


X-treme

Pump (and dump)

Electric

Vehicles
So calls?
45k of XPEV. Better print tomorrow.
AMD going to 90 tomorrow
Party guy
how is that stuff
After the EV bubble what’s the next pot stock, krypto, EV hype play?
Left one pretty good option ro
Ban
/r /investing must have his the "Delete" button instead of the "Ban" button. Dumasses.
And that’s why he made masks a political issue instead of a health issue? Because he cares about you? I can tell you still live with your parents.
A hamburger today for a dollar tomorrow?
[deleted]
“Here’s my reasoning all these stocks will not moon, so that’s why I’m going with this random ass call”
We will see if servers crash. Destiny launch was a fucking nightmare with servers lol
Yeah what he said
[deleted]
one cannot know whether they have a good entry

until after they have made a trade

once you have made the trade, you will see
You will be responsible for 1000 covid deaths
SPY puts
Fuck you.
Never trust anyone. Especially JINNNNAAA... Okay maybe I would had I been smart enough to invest in NIO, XPENG, or BABA prior to run up that is ://

Edit- Hang tough, BABA is due for  a big jump, it's def. on my watchlist.
Would like to also know
Quitters never win.
That sounds gay in a not fun way.
You’re so brave
China is taking over asian countries by the belt and road initiative.
They also controlled some of the mass media in the U.S. soon they will take over this country if you guys turn an blind eye towards it.
burn it
If you dont got calls you ain't black
 Wittle gween candildo
Stop being bad then retard
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hell ya Cold War looks legit. Calls on ATVI haha
I know this Nigerian Prince...
lower
FUCK HER RIGHT IN THE PUSSY
Stinks only go up
What do I do with 1k tomorrow
Hopefully people didn’t purchase puts. Learned my lesson last earnings. Then came here the next day and everyone was talking about how you don’t fuck with the mouse
Why are there two fucking dakotas with 2 senators each
BABA black sheep would u have any green
It’s fine, I’m aggressively paying off my student loans and am not sure I’ll be here long enough for buying to make more sense than renting.  Plus, this way I know I won’t have to replace a roof or water heater or something like that.
Why haven’t you been making bank selling Zillow Puts then?
It’s ok you’re just an intern you’ll learn
So brave
I’m seeking investors for a secretive and ultra exclusive bathhouse only open to WSB. Slide into my dm for the deets.
Better pick the *right* one
[deleted]
Has to be. Pokimane was the top last time, now we got this fucking guy making easy bank. VXX tomorrow?
If someone has to sell advice they probably aren’t good at it always remember that
Iunno but like tech has been used to float the market since March and is hyper inflated.  Tech at a certain point relies on retail to exist - AAPL being like the biggest most obvious example.  AAPL as a company is bullish in product release but they straight up won’t have people to buy their shit if everyone is broke.  So it can’t pump anymore.  It’s already at ridiculous multiples.  None of the tech can.  New lockdowns, a real second wave during winter which will have potentially a worse mortality rate.  Spiraling unemployment, benefits running out and no stimulus in sight.  

$SPY 400C 1/21
[removed]
Stocks go up/down when whales want them to nothing else matters
Ok so Nio for the last 3 weeks has dipped on Friday. Hold calls over the weekend, at will open higher on Monday buy calls Friday before close hold till after earning 11/27 calls thank me later thank
You
Stationary Rickshaw!
What's the top Jelq play my dudes?
N.I.O.


Now

It's 

Out of the money
There's no such thing as YOLOing on shares. Permaban this fgt
Fuck no
[deleted]
nice self promo and fuck lyft
This is fucking great!!
Big Joe seals AZ. Let’s push to ATH and AMZN 3200
"The royal penis is CLEAN" you peasant.
Position?
Oh, zero
Amazing 🙏
[deleted]
73 million disney+ subs.
Can you fuck the fuckery back
Boy must have at least 25-50k margin
Whoa.
So if I buy enough shares as I can with a $100, i sell them as covered calls is what you’re saying?
Well it never change to WSBTSLA so no
I’m a big destiny guy. But I went all out in preparation and got an lg oled. Can say it’s very noticeable diff with graphics and load times 

Waiting for cod to drop in 8 minutes now lol
If I don’t flex hard on my demo no one’s gonna buy my mix tape.
I personally prefer IEA more than SPWR for growth more room for MKT cap growth
If she trusts you enough for her to make you her first, make sure you don't break her heart, be upfront on what you want. Otherwise she will take it the wrong way and now she got trust issues and you ruin it for the next guy. 

Tdlr, don't be retarded or we will kill you
Hahahah I actually laughed, thanks!
Pawning out these warm holes my man
Demoooooo
What a shit hole
My hopes and dreams.
Do it then tell her you’ve got HPV
Cam girls figured it out. You can too
That’s what I meant EPS. I don’t dig that deep into things yet :(
P/C ratio was \~2 at least for the last 3 days, e.g. SPY was trading 2.5 mm puts against 1 mm calls, approximately the same for SPX and /ES. Nevertheless, this shit isn't sinking yet... Maybe waiting for the monthly OPEX next Friday...
[deleted]
What are you saying there’s a fucking pandemic
Futures are micro penis green.
I DONT CARE WHAT THAT NERD FUCK STEVE SCHIFF SAYS

SPY WILL NEVER GO TO ZERO AGAIN
So long as theta isn’t a major issue, yes because you can get a higher delta with the same amount of money, hell, even less money. If it goes sideways, you lose to theta.

But you can hedge the theta by converting it into a diagonal spread like a poor mans covered call
[deleted]
I’m gonna buy some index puts tomorrow because vol is low, prices are high, and Covid is spiking. Seems like a time when the expected payoff is positive.
Is thjs code for blood red monday
It’ll hit 461.5
Fuck racism
Sir, this is a NIO bagholders sub
Smoke weed
Hahhahaha i wasn't in on the First earnings so i read that you guys got fucked so i kind of used the info to not be down too much. Also i sold palantir when It was up 2 days ago! (this One was luck)
You belong here, you are the Alpha tard and an inspiration to us all
Ok
Pretty sure even the wsb consensus was ACB was dogshit.
So is NIO the Chinese TSLA? Is LI the Chinese TSLA? Is it XPEV?

Who’s the Chinese PTON? I’ll invest in that!
...it wasn’t shit, it’s revenue was up like 400%. EPS was bad. Guidance was good. These stocks are about future growth not current sales.
Becky kinda do be Savin my porfolio tho 👀
I feel like something is going down we aren’t aware of.
Already been said, but agree 100%
Hopefully we get out of the ponzi scheme at the right time.
[deleted]
Y’all r weird
What games have you played on it?
But why
Wow wtf? You leave my state.. and my Covid outbreak.. alone!
I and shit
I'm rooting for you bud
Why couldn't u close?
I'm the least racist person on this sub.
Feels good, finally got the whole eggplant in there tonight and I feel accomplished.
South Dakota will rise again!
Fuckery
If it gaps up, going big boy on 0dte puts ten minutes into open.
Aloha
I am trying to get our annual Tardies Award going. You are on the shortlist for sure. Prepare your speech as it is only 1 month and a half to go.
Beard oil may help
Jimmy is great. I don't agree with everything he says but atleast he calls out all politicians on their bull
Anyone else holding nio and xpev worried they’re going to get caught faking all the numbers? 

Never been to China, so how do I know their cars are real?
hahahaha glad you liked it, not as \*\*harsh as my day chants to my portfolio but always try to come across as down to earth as possible as the day goes and market closes
BOOMER INDEX - RED📕

CHAD TECH - GREEN 🚀

As is tradition
What happened
YEAH THATS RIGHT

IM THE TYPE OF MOTHER FUCKER TO SELL SPY 0 PUTS
Id bang her. But just know, if you're not into her and you fuck her, things are not going to go well afterwards from a friendship perspective. So you're choice. Poon or friendship?
Futures must be weak tonight. No panic on either side. Night guys let's see who wins tomorrow.
Pls dont be Ma 2.0
lmao, everyone knows that all genius' just call themselves genius and become genius
[deleted]
Fuck South Dakota
So say it hits 420 tomorrow. What do you do then? Sell the contract?
You think this fuck can read Rule 4? Look at what he posted!
March lows?
With trumps ban on investments on some Chinese companies, I would think so. I didn’t see what companies but he started banning investments in certain Chinese companies. Im guess all the ones owned by the CCP which is probably a lot.
Blood green futures.
Almost as bad as all these “IM Academy forex investors” trying to “lead people to financial freedom”. Shit makes me cringe so hard
You had so much time
Bad bot! Get your haji ass outta here
Cause I have a stable job and can manage my money instead of Yolo my savings into NIO calls
Did that in March, now I’m just looking for a long term stock in the travel industry that is still fucked price wise and has potential to come back strong.
Sold my 2023 30c’s today.... taking the stacks off the table. I’ll get back in but it’s overheating
But if you want actual picks I'm charging $420.69 a month
Actually we are as patriotic or unpatriotic as any americans, look at model 3's sells number. One single model from an american company out sold an entire company.
 Man ur prob right about that, but I’ve been pretty baked for like 5 consecutive years at this point, so unfortunately Regg just won’t get the job done these days😂
No don’t
No
It’s aight man it’s just sarcasm. Don’t be so hard on yourself if you didn’t get it.
And it was shit but still mooned which scared me how li will do
[deleted]
[deleted]
Monday was brutal
its the MOVE to make tmmrw man
Ahhh I see thank you!
Yeah that -0.18% after hours is a big oof isn't it?
I see GNUS stocks down there too.  Apparently stocks aren’t your thing either...
PLTR gonna continue its aftermarket rally
Zoom hitting 460 would be amazing
I got dollars. Now where's dat ass???
2-4

[https://chess.org/play/e16f26c7-9227-449a-b73c-617aa9411475](https://chess.org/play/e16f26c7-9227-449a-b73c-617aa9411475)

not like this
Kicking myself for only banking 200% on that one wah waahhhhhhhhh
$GAY
Do it but break the sex off early rather than later
Who knows what ridiculous news will break out this weekend lol
NIO 😥
How did you afford a fucking Xbox series x?

Why are you spending money that's not calls on Microsoft wtf you doing? 

Fucking play video games after the fed turns off easy mode.
Hell yes because the price projection on this is $20+ so if you have enough capital you’d make bank selling covered fucking calls.

I’m sitting on 1500 shares right now, a covered call literally gives me free money
Depends on movement. Theta (decay of the option) could eat up profits. Could is key word.

Optionsprofitcalculator.com can give examples
Bigly in since $11.something. Plz stop shilling or Wall Street will inverse us
Giggity
TLDR smells like rape
Welcome to the dark side
Fuck futures
Baba 🤞
Stagnation in tsla? Meaning low IV and prime picking for leap positioning? I'd pull this move over getting into any of the asian evs. Fuck I'd even sell puts on tsla atm right now over putting the equivalent $ value into any chinese ev
I have stocks and 2023 65c... im in for the long run
Except you, BABA.  Fuck you.
Cool 401k bro
Fucked
yea i’m just watching to see if it can bounce off the 23.68 support and if it does then i’ll buy some calls
Futes looking pretty bullish. After a day like today shit should be period red

PLTR🚀
NIO🚀
ZM🚀
BABA🚀
Whimpers in  mercury

Moans in British Leyland
But since you asked I pay 6$ for market data. And commissions depend on how much you trade but it’s still pretty cheap compared to anything else
why dont they matter again?
Yo spy, I need u to go up 2%
Gay
Kama kama kamala chameleon...
83,000 fucking percent. Mans probably gonna shoot himself for not putting his life saving into RH 1 month ago. Man would be a fucking millionaire in a month.
I can see the tesla call options from a mile away
[deleted]
They sure lose more money than the stock outright
[deleted]
Isn’t anything in the stock market gambling?
As a gambling subreddit resident, yes
Rickshambos.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Rickshaw Lambos.' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
Kama-kama-kama-kama

Kamala and Bi-den
Have like 77 shares of NIO at like $42, but regret selling off those 11/20 NIO 50cs yesterday...
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAJf3IAUCsg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAJf3IAUCsg)
Bruhtus
This makes my peepee feel weird
WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST READ?? Jesus Christ how fucking dumb are you, or are you just 15?
yeah up my ass:'(
Whenever we start getting the meme stock role calls in here, somethings about to crash. Hard.
Nah I like it, personally would buy March but that’s good
Hunter will be busy.
Just checked holy shit this guy was so right
sellers are exhausted and weak tonight. 3580 tomorrow
So true. I least I made up for my calls with my puts
Shorts will win this one. Popped way too early on that XPEV earnings..... now anything less than record breaking all time greatness will not be enough
https://images.app.goo.gl/8WGWd85NAtoEXyBn7
F
Do Leaps make more money than purchasing a stock out right?
[deleted]
Calls? Biden is potentially the next president and we may go into another lockdown. Puts if anything. Stay away from spy calls right now
Disney posts worst loss in more than 40 years but jumps because it wasn't as bad as feared. 2020 in a nutshell.
They have a website where they list pricing Yk
[deleted]
dumb question but where do you find these ratios?
You’re welcome
Later in stream he said he would hold for at least a year, I wonder how it will play out.
[deleted]
I don’t know dude, I just Yolo here
Sir, it can’t go tits up
[deleted]
Okay thank you for that information! 🙏🏽🙏🏽
[deleted]
Yup
This is beautiful
Aight im a genius. Nio calls expiring tomorrow.
buy more time or find another toy. B/w May and august aapl was like SPY 2.0. Now it feels like spy is a better trade than aapl.
Which, I wish to purchase the puts.
Oh shit AYE
Big enough to still wear my helmet inside the car?
I will gladly sell you those
You think it should be $3.4T market cap instead of $2T? Based on what exactly?
Bro I need to know your capital to know what percent gain you need over the weekend to get to that milli.
Most Boomer political show

Still enjoy him time to time
Yeah, I am republican and I like him.
Well it’s not the worst idea...
Doggy style
Eat my boomer ass
BLOOOOOOD GREEN
🐂🐂🐂 you called?
NIO stock a bad idea?
Anybody wanna tickle my confirmation bias by giving me a reason why PLTR will go up tomorrow
[deleted]
Gay politishuns
How’s it goin tonight friends?
Fuck money
Why not I love loss porn and calling y'all idiots.
Yeah I managed to get in at the dip on Wednesday
WFC calls
Just in time to get the 12 pro max
HA GGGGAAAYYYYYY
You mean the same SEC that let Madoff do his thing for years until someone else did all the work investigating him and basically served him up on a platter?
EP9 kinda fresh tbh
WE HERE SPY $400 CALLS DROPPING AT MARKET OPEN
Nope, but was op right tho?
CHWY calls dated EoM, middle of Dec.
Dope
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks for your sacrifice
Bill Gates waiting patiently all this time to pay his vendetta.
This a joke? Get off this sub boomer
[deleted]
I can ask you why puts? Maybe cuz friday is always red day but u dont see the yearly percentage on nio?


Let it drop down after earnings, its gonna go back up even higher .



Literally up 2k percent this year way before these autists made it a meme
Gonna be a while before airlines make money again. Why not invest in a market that will be profitable.
🍏🤡
This is pretty consistently the daily dip after newcomers buy high at the open.
F
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/ nio to the moon
[deleted]
Best comment.
Go to buttfuck Oregon, they decriminalized hard drugs
Can you sell a put without coverage? How do I do it? I thought u need the money in your account to do it...
Fuck your boat anchor, give up you lsot money on it.
I’m gonna buy Kodak calls in case the loan gets approved soon. Am I retarded or could this pay off?
You shouldn’t be in this sub then lol
[deleted]
Thats true but if they can actually do techinal anaylsis they can get close.
#HOLY SHIT SPY FUTURES UP .05%

#WAKE UP ALL THE BULLS ⏰ !!!!!
Boo this man indeed fuck this guy throwing us an anchor.
I like!
Are you still holding?
you want another ass whooping?
She's got the sexiest voice of anyone I've ever heard.
What about Hyliion? I don’t see any major competitor to them other than Tesla .
Not really. There’s something called put-call parity. The extrinsic value of a call and put at the same strike at same expiration is the same given plenty of liquidity to provide a small spread. Look at the extrinsic value of an ITM call, that will be equal to the value of the OTM put at that same strike and expiry.
I like him. He doesn’t have a clear bias like everyone else, and calls out every politician’s bs, regardless or party.
Fuck Sony
A for effort
C for execution
Is this retarded enough baba 300C 1/15
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Top is in
Imo it’s more than likely mango is just doing branding/PR stuff for post-presidency media shit he’s gonna do. His election fraud defense fund or whatever just goes straight to the RNC. It seems not very serious.
What do you retards think of selling weekly credit spreads? I’m sick and tired of waiting for slow ass 45DTE
We all are tired of being poor man, shit has sucked, sucks and will continue to keep sucking until we end up in a dead end 9-5, slaving away for the next 40-69 years of our lives until we have saved enough to retire into some shitty condo where we rot out the rest of our lives
Tech give me a 2% day please
2-3

[https://chess.org/play/d4edad8c-c069-46b5-b058-1c7121149d36](https://chess.org/play/d4edad8c-c069-46b5-b058-1c7121149d36)

Goddamnit
Yummy
Equities. Nice and boring and mostly safe. My only put is a 5$ NKLA put for 12/18. I wanted something to buy with the remaining 20$ in my Robinhood account and I'm waiting for the main investors of NKLA to be able to sell their shares on 12/3. I expect to lose that 20$ which is fine. Robinhood is for losing money.
Legend! 11/20 3NIO 30c (my dumbass shorted some a while ago) & 12/18 10LI 30c&35c. Tryna be like like you
NET was a solid beat and actually mooned.

Everything else stayed flat or drilled. Not a great time to play options through earnings
[deleted]
[removed]
NQ green and more lockdowns on the way. Those will be ITM by EOY
How many Chinese zoomers really drive nios over there anyone know?
I’m gonna get rich off this sub. Leaps is the way
BAN
Holy fuck
just gave you that work son
Yeah? Whatchu got? Seem to have a couple months before tsla poppin back off.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just checked out stock performance since IPO. It has steadily declined from $14 at IPO in 2017 down as low as $1. It’s at $4 right now but this feels like the Segway if it was a car - sure, it’s amazing, but no one wants one.
😐
THEY SEE ME ROLLIN ...
Just wait until tomorrow and get a couple $60 calls
Jimmy Dore show is my new favorite podcast. So good b
I 69’d NIO
But Nasdaq moons
From Atlanta, went to Nashville a few weeks ago it was crazy. Where did you go in atl?
Does NIO sell short lambos?
I concur sir. Thank you
AGREES IN RETARD
Hell no
Jk I actually made a decent profit off some WFC weeklies last month. If you’re playing the short term you’re probably Gucci
Cocks on booty
Not true
Username does NOT check out. Get outta here boomer!!
The PUT and CALL volume on NIO is absolutely nuts and the ratio is almost 50:50 . It’s a battle of the “smart” investors vs the autist WSBers. Very exciting to see who wins
XPEV came out today dude
Chant with me “Limit up, Limit up” 🆙 🆙 🆙
[deleted]
Markets down big red... on the bright side crack up 6% , meth up 14% today
Aapl 130c leaps holders in shambles
You have the faith and patience of an angel. Well done.
Yeah the guy he’s putting in charge of it. That’s literally what his plan is.
Great white buffalo
Couldn’t agree more, this slow bleed is killing me
I stare at my apple stocks and tell myself... $160 BY 2021
100% happening
[deleted]
Fuck the government
No shit.  I think there’s some massive fuckery happening in it.  Some real big money.
Priced in
good job, please don't lose it all
Things were so much worse in March it’s not even comparable. The level of uncertainty is not even in the same ballpark.
I either need SPY to be ~2% down or VXX to be ~3% down to break even. These flat as a pancake futures aren't looking promising.

Edit: I guess not break even, but to see some realizable gains.
Fuck you. Sony is garbage
Lol i put 1.2K in my PUT for LI AUTO just for fun. but if it does good tmrw imma get in in morning to catch another mission to the moon
Start an onlyfans for round 2 money pussy
🤡
Put it all on NIO weeklies and you’ll be a millionaire
[deleted]
So $10 up tomorrow?  Sounds legit.
NIO will moon early tomorrow. XPEV and LI earnings are coming in
I’m old school. Three 6 Mafia, G-Unit, Youngbloodz
I’m still hoping it to rise from the dead tomorrow because my calls expire tomorrow.
Just like that spy is green
If AAPL dumps at open I might break my iPhone.
Went on a cruise in March.  And just got done with a road trip where I went to packed bars in nashville, atl and charleston for Halloween week and feel fine. DD.
[deleted]
50% of deaths from retirement homes, lock them down...
Yeah but it won’t dump
Pfizer said they’d have safety data third week of November and also Moderna is coming up by end of the next week
Cocks of duty
Fuck Xbox
Sorry, come again?
Congrats and F ya.
Yo for real this guy has a yt channel where he posts this everyday. Its been going on for years.
You forgot to say the word? What’s the word?
Just need it to print by January.
[deleted]
Fax
I agree with everything you said except the middle part.
Put it all in Tesla calls or ban
Buy more BABA
Can you read
You stayed in I hope.
Now imagine if you had bought options. You’d be a millionaire a few times over.
[removed]
Biden promises a 4 week lockdown in his first hundred days, market crashes.
Fuck that’s comment a fuck thing to say
LOL wtf is that thing. This might look worse than a smart car
I cashed in at 600% on NIO today. Idk if it will keeping mooning tomorrow but then again I don’t hold shit for long term
You still in?
You are thinking like the investor not the broker or market maker. The rules are for them.  They want the extra 2 days to settle stock because sometimes they are naked shorting (selling stock they don't even have) to keep the markets liquid.

Also the market closes to buy and sell options at 4:30, but the real market doesn't close until 8pm.

I have always wondered how much money you would need to buy a shit load of barely otm calls and then bid up the price ah and then excercise and rake it in.  My guess is there are firms/brokers/market makers that actually do that.
Calls on Dua Lipa, goddamn
[deleted]
You still in?
Calls on chaos 1-15-21 200,000c
Holding PTON ZM CHWY PINS ROKU   Calls let’s hope tech moons and Covid cases rises
Yo. Das horny asf.
Hear me out..

Kamala = kamalian

Chameleon 

Reptile


Lizard queen ?
Yes
This is pretty solid. Buying calls. Don’t make me broke.
Still think so?
tape manufacturing. like literal adhesive tape.
That's crazy..you don't like the music?
What do you reckon about after a drop? (And an actual vaccine starts mass producing) 

My buy point would be in the range of 8-10

I think there is strong potential there with business clients after a vaccine due to possible heavy restrictions put in by governments making travel harder to plan
Oof.
US EV suck. You mean NKLA? GM?  FSR has a POS reputation.  TSLA?  There are a few others but they haven't delivered cars. China EVs deliver! Talk is cheap. Look at NKLA. They talked big game.
Show me 360 at open!
How are you even a bear if your asshole isn't gaped open?  
Noob.
If ur calls expire tomorrow, then it’ll go autistic mode on Monday
Haha. Look who's laughing now.
!Remindme 1 month
This was amazing
DoorDash is ipoing this year? Shit is going to fucking rocket
[removed]
You think SOLO is worth a look ?
Biden is pushing a possible select 6-week stay-at-home mandate. ZM should kick if that happens.
Wack ass rapper tbh
Trust fund kid right here
When would I sell the shares? And I’d make more from buying shares rather then a call?
I don’t follow it either but I’m fairly sure he was advocating pedofilic beastiality. Somebody should probably warn the local dairy farmers
Lmfao
[removed]
I'm gonna sell all my Tim Apple stonks and all in on PLTR god
You’re at your home here. Stay as long as you like.
If you don’t post useful DD on here then you ain’t black
Yup.  Most were 2 years out
Yes
What the hell was Benny Mardones singing about
Today will be green mark my words
I also put “fuck men” you social justice warrior neck beard

I am a man of equality
I’m winning
[removed]
i know right !
Biden takes Arizona. Trump will concede. Markets will moon.
I love how RKT of all things is the only green stonk in my portfolio.
Fuck Apple - damn stock should be at least $200 right now.
[deleted]
what becky stonks should i buy
Fuck you
Thank you Capitan
NIO is continue to go up
Call of booty launches in 21 mins
BTNG ticker is available lol
That’s what I’m questioning. A lot of people are becoming homeless and/or penniless from lack of business. I wish there was an unbiased team fully evaluating all aspects both direct and indirect from disease intervention
Tesla please go on Ludicrous mode
Ok , serious question. We are all riding the nio train and buy lambos if it opens at 50 tomorrow. Now when people sell their calls and IV drops for calls with Iv pick up for puts?  Cause I want to short the fuck out of this lol not yet tho.
Mike Hock bought calls on NIO
I need at least one of 3 things to happen tomorrow: NIO above 50, PLTR above 16, or SPY under 350
This new Lil UZI boutta be a fucking BANGER
hulk mode
Xielon Mujinping
Fuck comments that say fuck fuck comments
Whats popping off next mr analyst
Both.
No comparison. Eminem is a lyrical God and Travis Scott sucks performing live. How about that superbowl performance? Lol
Incel
Fucking A Right!!! What the fuck is this shit r/teenagers?
Bet yeah it’s more of a growth play with SPWR but I’ll probably go long on both I do like JKS
so if Li price raises then nio will?
Demon priced in
Et tu bro?
Lmfao going to crater
And now? These guys couldn't agree on an appetizer at Applebee's. JPow has the printer, but Mitch has the power cord.
I’m not mad, I cashed in today on NIO. I’m just trying to save some of you retards. Greed will fuck you right in your ass and not even ask if it’s ok
Lol if it feels like you’re late you usually are. With an illogical market who the fuck knows though. So much is already wildly overvalued so you can’t even predict a ceiling.
Its the coroNIOvirus and I dig it.
🙈
[deleted]
I just fainted when SPY went green
Sorry bb
I wish I could predict the future
Yes got mines . Hopefully they print
Honestly curious why you think it’s p&d I think it’s a solid play
[deleted]
Positions?
lmfao NIO sold 12,000 cars last quarter
Hey Asshat, clicking "Show Balance History" will give a nice chart for my dumbass to stare blankly at. 

Your picture sucks!

http://imgur.com/gallery/RSjdc27
Fuck cake
Can't wait for a year from now when I can come back and say "this didn't age well"
Bill Gates is a demon

&#x200B;

Markets gonna moon tomorrow!
I’m a bear so more butt stuff I suppose.
Fuck Caesar
Texas saw covid numbers and said hold my beer. 
 ### EVERYTHINGS BIGGER IN TEXAS.
🍆😈
his name is china elon
so wheres ur gains? u should be rich
$100 total? Dude that was soooo last month me. I got about $32k on hand now, Kay? And I’m looking to make a million by next Monday, Kay? 

I’m tired of being poor.
True that
Fuck both of you
Calls?
Not important
support at 23.68 i’ll wait and see if it can bounce off and if not i’ll go for puts
DON'T YOU FUCKING TOUCH MY PUTS.  
YOU BUY CALLS.  
YOU BECOME THE AUGUST BEAR BITCH NOW MOTHA FUCKAS
$265 if I'm lucky.
Virus is a hoax dog, hate to break it to you
And Caesar wept, for there were no more worlds to conquer.
[deleted]
More life years will be lost due to lockdowns...
Yep
Xbox series x is incredible. Calls on Microsoft
Good scene, shit music
Retards make money around here friend. Logic doesn't make any cents, in this market.
Tesla to Alpha Centauri tomorrow?
You can get like $200 every other week or something like that.
I had this and then I decided to not to win . *cries*
IMMEDIATE & PERMANENT BAN FOR CROSSING OUT NUMBERS
GME is either gonna make me rich or I’m gonna be broke af by year end
Fuck the one that got away
Lol
Something about doing the unthinkable lol
You mean those aren’t a good investment opportunity?! Fuck
Fuck your puts
Well that’s kinda my issue I agree that would probably be most effective but my bigger concern was whether our government is actually capable of doing that without incurring irreparable economic damage
All sides except biscuits. Popeyes for the biscuits.
I will also send you nudes of this guy’s wife.

God speed!
Sir unless you mean upside down V I don’t believe you are correct
DUEL!
Downtown smoking  ⛽ good luck tomorrow retards
Dyslexic investor is a safe friend on the tube. I like Deadnsyde as well. He mostly follows ARK.
[deleted]
CEO of beating your meat 😫
Nice tits bro
thanks man exactly what i was thinking
She with me bro go to bed
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
I wish I could make a career out of masturbating
Calls or what?
Amen brother
Nice
They were literally waiting outside his back door before this part of the video.
Just sell puts. Wtf is the point of capping your gains on a stock with meme energy like GME
Fuck fuck fuck comments
Chadsdaq with the big pp energy
Agreed but I feel like that’s senselessly playing with fire. I don’t want any part of that battle. Good luck if you have puts though.
Yes, I did look at your little conspiracy circle jerk site. Goes to show immense bias and a whole load of shit. You would make for a pretty good physiatrics study tho
Demand moves market share.  Right now EV sales make up for less then 2% of all sales in the US with Tesla making 80% of that.  Major manufactures don't really care about that market yet because its not competitive with gas.  Why spend billions in R and D to compete with TESLA when the market is so small?  The writing is on the wall for EV, I think the cats out of the bag at this point if you are major Auto manufacturer, but not now not yet.
Amzn going to pop when you retards stop playing nio and PLTR
[removed]
Reasonable analysis? No hype? On wsb? Say it aint so!
Haha dang man, good times
🤥
I do.... but I  also know people are fucking retarded....it’s going to keep jumping until the dust settles after earnings. 

Don’t be mad retard
[deleted]
I assume you’re encouraging them to engage in urgent coitus and forgot adequate punctuation?

“Fuck first, responders.”

FTFY
So is tesla
https://www.reddit.com/r/researchchemicals/comments/jsd3jv/heroin_lsd_3meopcp_cannabis_4cd_nitrous_oxide/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Hopefooly it pais four schul to
Why bro. Like literally any other bank
Yea dude. For sure. Banks have money so why not?
I'm 11k deep in NIO shares. I swear ta Gawd I dont know the CEO name
Pussy
Stonkata? I like the ring of it
Go all in on shares dead ass
Chadsdaq got this big green schlong poking out of their American underroos
[deleted]
I ain’t gonna fuck myself
Up 400k on PDS 20 to 1 reverse split.   Don’t tell vanguard
China EVs NIO, XPENG, LI Auto, BYD are pumping like hell. When will USA EV companies will wake up?
Why not? In major rest stops and busy corridors they'd need to have a lot of grid power and extra batteries. However, if they can fully automate the exchange you can toss exchanges in the middle of nowhere with only a single battery or two. Think it costs 5-10 bucks for a swab. A lot cheaper than $35 for gas.
[deleted]
Well what else do you suggest? If our government actually gave a shit and did a federal lockdown, enforce through military, and supplied businesses with loans and relief the correct way, maybe nobody would be so resentful.
Chyna’s whale looking ass making 15 mill/month wtf, no way this shit accurate
Holding next Fridays $348s
50/50 I'll bank tomorrow or next Monday
I sold 1300 nio shares at $17 fukin idiot when I bought them at $6
[deleted]
I sold AAL today and threw it into PLTR, carry on with the courage I failed to have and may it bring you cash to buy your own airliner
It could be on par. You know what I won't do, and I did with Tesla?

100? nah, I missed the boat... 200.... 300.. should've bought earlier...

I will not make that mistake again. Just keep buying and don't stop.
I never invested in Li, just NIO
My life savings is on ATVI calls you can't bet harder than that son.
[deleted]
What could go wrong? You got $24K to cover getting assigned?
Fuck u/Mikey_GG
https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/jt22bl/trump_administration_readies_crackdown_on_us/gc3gnko
Weetard
so buy?
Covid is about to stick it's bat dick up Travelmans ass. So..... I'd stay away.
I have thought about it but I am super nervous that it will dump even with good numbers because they wont be as good as last quarters and won't be a surprise no one was expecting. I think it will run up too much before hand because of impossible expectations.

I have no qualms making money on call before ER and selling the day or 2 before.  Just sold calls today at the peak made like 60% returns in 2 days.  Will probably buy back in tomorrow if it takes a breather in am.  It may run pre market though.
nooo, I was going for an ask ouija lol
It is a mystery
I was about to go all in on calls towards todays close but I held off since I remember Friday sell offs is a thing.. 

I personally would just hold calls
It’s a great idea

If you’re fucking retarded
You don’t think it’s already priced in you moron?
I ain’t getting shit till GTA allows at least 100 players in the lobby
Cancel. Who cares.
Fuck u/nikolasucks
Zm will likely get pinned just above its current price. It can't get back to 500 before earnings.
Strike?
It’s not dropping until Wednesday
JKS they have 4x the revenue as the biggest US solar company
One could make the argument we haven’t really done a lockdown. 

I’m in SC. From experience, if the people don’t buy in and if it’s not uniform, nobody cares. 

Been here since March- there has been next to no social change. People just complain when something wasn’t open, and go about their day.
Let's NFLX and chill.😂
Next week Deezkicks will suck on Deeznuts
Haven’t seen this amount of NIO bullishness since NKLA circa June 2020
Hey fuck you mang
Proof you bought and sold
Corsair 30$ C 12/17/21
Slack 27$ C 1/20/23
Schul?
Good
WHO THESE SIMPS SUPPORTING THESE WOMEN????
I didn't realize Nasdaq futures are actually green.
Certainly illustrates the diversity of the word
Well fuck me and my calls. NIO FTW
[deleted]
YOLO going in on Canadian EV
The foo coming in here with no karma pumping and dumping a POS. Boo this man
👀
My puts r Fuk
i need someone to tell me that wfc calls is a great idea
🌈🐻
[deleted]
U NEED BALLS to trade SPXS
$15 call for $1.07?
Look at me, I'm your girlfriend now!
I spammed Google with a script sorry.
*pais for school
Thoughts on buying 100 shares of GME and selling calls?
LMAO GG
Bet
Fuck yea
Wasn't that bad last winter.
Bruh GME was last month. It’s NIO time G
[deleted]
😊 Thank you sir
SPWR or JKS?
Out is an option.
[deleted]
When you let profitable calls expire worthless, do you get the difference in value? Unless you can afford all those shares.
Fuck men
> None of the victims who lost their lives had attended the party. 

[https://www.latimes.com/science/story/2020-11-12/covid-19-spread-at-thanksgiving-holiday-gatherings-could-be-like-maine-wedding](https://www.latimes.com/science/story/2020-11-12/covid-19-spread-at-thanksgiving-holiday-gatherings-could-be-like-maine-wedding)
Fuck Pol Pot
NIO could buy me a house this month but instead I bought more NIO
Fuck women
It’s going to moon tomorrow on Li earnings and again on Monday with its own earnings
Next week tgt will hit the target
My dog snores so fkin loud man puts on my sleep
I think they will be. Once they start announcing and showcasing some of these breakthroughs they refer to, people will realize what this could do. Again- risky with unproven tech, but has massive potential. We still don’t know what the cost will be. A huge factor into how these will get adopted
we test 357 tomorrow imo
There had to be a point where it stopped. Just lucky it didn't have a more serious correction lol
cao ni ma
What, so the Europoors can stay safe in their homes and tank our economy? SPY 500 fuckface
Ford?
Yeah, Two and a half men was a great show.
2-2

[https://chess.org/play/6201a364-c2c3-48f7-8c0d-a83b632ee783](https://chess.org/play/6201a364-c2c3-48f7-8c0d-a83b632ee783)

YOU HAVE TO ACCEPT THE GAME CONFIG RETARDS. idk if you tards are on mobile or something but if you join and dont accept in 30 seconds im cancelling
A lot of people are unfortunately...... people don’t understand “what goes up”..... the greed is out of control
[onlyfans rich list ](https://www.slotsup.com/blog/onlyfans-rich-list)

Lmao there are thots making millions every month. is this list accurate?
$ROPE 11/13c?
Why don't companies just start releasing only good news and just not ever post bad news. Only then would stonks go up forever.
Just texted my dad and told him to buy. We can sleep now.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder
How much money do you have? I gotchu. Up 634% in the last 2 weeks(not all nio).
Umm.... people who live in the several suburbs and in Naperville itself? Just go to a town with legal weed next to Naperville. Weed is not something most people care about you know, especially 40 somethings who want the white picket fence with kids like many suburban homeowners
Oregon resident
For real. I’m pretty sure that even just the fact that I’m finally considering buying some calls in NIO means that it’s about to crash lmao
Its not gay, it's prison love
InTheMoney is solid
[deleted]
Chadsdaq bout to get a big green boner
FUCKING GME, EITHER GO DOWN 50 percent or up 50 percent. Don’t hit me with this goo goo Gaga baby bullshit of up 5% then down 5% the next day. FUCKING PUSSIES LETS GET THIS 11/20 15C
Eminem is an unparalleled rap technician with nothing interesting to say
Everybody her has been up 50k. You gotta get those numbers up so it looks better when you lose it all. It’s why I’m holding GE options.
[deleted]
I’ll be that guy. I’m holding 100 12/18 calls from 12-30 strike. Short float 168%. Management turning things around. Just announced buying back senior debt which denounces the BK theory. That and the holiday season coming = moon mission to tendie town. Obviously do your own DD as right now it’s looking like it’s forming an H&S pattern.
Fridays make or break the week. AMZN, CMG, ZM, tomorrow
Hold up
Every red day they are up 10%. I’m mad I didn’t buy some calls the other day when it was at $12 a share.
Futures haven’t done shit in 3 hours
Calls on Toyota trucks
Is Friday the 13th 2020 priced in tomorrow?
If li is good tomorrow im buying nio calls for the 20th
Kachow! *Does a line off a big black cock*
It would also be a retarded use of capital.  They just sold for $18 earlier this year.  If they're buying back at $21 they're literally just burning money.
Donkey Kong?
Went up like 25
[removed]
Why do they actually keep trying lockdowns? Like idk man I don’t like the crazy polarization over this issue but i gotta say the evidence really seems to indicate that the cost of lockdowns far outweighs the potential safety benefits. I don’t think our government is really in a place to recover a economy that gets hit the hard
RSI making lower highs, time to reverse and score some for the bears.
ez
Ya guys saw that dude who did heroin, weed, lsd and couple of other things together? Total madlad
Never too late for peak autism
Gamestop with the casual 1M+ searches today.
We need a lot of Covid cases for my zoom calls
Somebody gonna get hurt real bad
Pade*
Spy almost green
You know that there got to be a new category on PH call "Super Spreader".
Fuck pears
I want to buy and beat the hype but I’m laughing too hard after watching their hype reel. It looks like someone cut a Tesla in half. Are these goddamn things selling? If it makes money, fine, yolo, but I can tell you I won’t be buying one of their actual products.  https://electrameccanica.com
In
Nio is chillin
Robbinhood
HAHAHAHAHABAHQBABQBABBBHAHAHABABABABABAHAHAHABABABABABABAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Fuck your seat
Positions or ban
Homosexual
[deleted]
Always been a lucky day for me. We'll see. It's been a shitshow week.
Tesla managed to become the most valuable car company in the world while EVs aren’t even three percent of the auto market’s sales. 

So to answer your question: What NIO needs to become China’s fourth largest company is to make lots of promises and deliver on few of them while convincing the world that electric cars aren’t something the existing automakers with decades upon decades of experience and existing infrastructures can’t match or do better. 

NIO is 80% of my portfolio and I’ve been riding them since $12. I don’t believe in the company but I believe people believe the hype.
Well maybe a little sooner than that
Would have been a good idea last month
It’s called a community
EU full lockdown on Monday. They should pull us back a bit 🥵
[deleted]
You mean 11/20 or 1/15/21? I mean those are pretty different...
I got some March 19 7.5c already up 100%
That’s what I just said
This... this till it’s backwards
Aren't we all
SHLURRPPPP
What I love about NIO is how it waits at a resistance level for a few days then blows through like three in one day.
Who knows lol
Lets just get thru 2020 first. To do that ypu need Jesus and a little Elon Musk doesnt hurt either
Algo deemed nothing in the country is a match for you
China will surpass USA eventually so why bother. Even Bill Gates stated Microsoft's best innovations are coming out of there.
##Call an ambulance, BUT NOT FOR ME
I'd watch that
They’re all so chunky you know he does that on the regular
Watching Den of Thieves, there was a pltr name drop early in the movie, $20 eom
Elon musk is not the problem. The problem is that Chinese people usually love to be patriotic and use their own in house products. And there are so many people in China. Just imagine that
Fuck.  What the fuck happened?
Fuck fuck fuck
fuck boomers
How much would you have made?
Cuz the chinese government wont let it die.

They will always and forever be bailed out even after earnings.


China will make sure nio fucks teslas wife
Maybe he means 2k net profit?
Gay
they had puts
You made a subreddit so you could have other ppl put dd in there?

Here's my DD... Usa is looking into the legality of NIOs balance sheet.
[deleted]
Fuck the GOP
I doubt that
>put credit spreads

why don't people just choose $1/$2 put credit spread? wouldn't that always be a guaranteed win if the stock is $20?
Fuck Eminem
Why are things so flat? I thought we were planning for apocalypse friday.
Fuck Travis Scott
Before Eminem got annoyingly political, yes
[deleted]
[deleted]
Feeling cute, might mortgage my neighbors house and all in on NIO calls
My stonks. 

ALLIF, AQB, CNIKF, LAC, MMEDF, PLTR, PLHF, REGI, VRYYF, UBX, VALE

ETFS: 

ARKG, THCX, XLF
Alexa play Champagne Life by Ne-Yo
Hopefully it pays for school too?
Even after them popping off this week?
My gym is right next door to the building I’m in so hell no
IRS will still want their marginal tax rate piece of the gains, but otherwise nah the government will leave you alone.
Honestly at this point, I’m just tryna break even.
[deleted]
Yes! Absolutely
Sup with big dick tech broh
 

# 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💵💵💵 BABA 0DTE CALLS TOMORROW💵💵💵🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Haters gonna hate 🥰
This will be the "fuck _" night
The real question is how much capital do you to work with?  If it is going from $500k to a Mil maybe but my guess is you have like $100 total.

Sometimes there is nothing that would get you there even if you were a time traveler and knew the past.

I saw that a hedge fund made like $400M betting the stock market would surge after elections but they were working with Billions and the time frame was weeks.
Fisker is an old car brand.
I wasn't around then. What happened? Stock tanked?
Anyway cash in the hand matters. Even if you had made a $1 profit it matters
stay away from youtube.
Knowing me, I would have bought far OTM WEEKLIES and be tits up right now. Those are the true big balled hero’s here- the yolo options players. Thats cray cray to me. Mainly because I haven’t figured out how to make it work yet. But to each his own. If it works? Work it
Post positions dweeb
Fuck the free world
2-2

[https://chess.org/play/a0f8b934-8aa9-43b2-9fe6-57cf64deb104](https://chess.org/play/a0f8b934-8aa9-43b2-9fe6-57cf64deb104)

Alright alright, you guys think you're slick now. GUARANTEE I MURK THE NEXT PERSON
IM IN 📈📈📈
Emphasis on ‘actually popped and make them rich’
Makes total sense. It's just the hypocrisy of crying foul when HAL and the like get restrictions.
Can't fuck your hand..  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
Wait.. brb
i bet you're all out of cocaine, arnt ya
Kick that bitch out
Flat Friday mount up
Eminem > Travis Scott
Hello its me your son
Obviously you’re not a golfer
[deleted]
Your paper hands will not go unpunished.
$BABA time?
FSR vehicles are available to reserve, and by the time they're getting delivered in Q1 2022 the company will be doubled or tripled in size. Keep in mind they're under 1B market cap. Meanwhile Nio is already more expensive than GM.
Fuckin hell
do you really want to go outside in winter chicago
Fuck no
Lmao Jesus Christ
Was clearly visible. Good job deciphering it
It’s happened to me as well. With 90k gains
With proper PPE of course.
A uvxy scalp could make some serious money
Fridays are the best, 0DTE's all day.. or at least until I wipe my account
Google search Cambodia
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hmm
Jelqing?
Ca cfirm. My dad works at spy too
Fuck this fuck that.  You good dude?
[removed]
I hope NIO and the whole EV bubble blows a load In you Chinese peepee lovers faces.
A NIO annihilated earnings are priced in after today and the XPEV report...... please please please play smart investor for once in your god damn stupid ass lives and take profits tomorrow. By all means get back in on a dip, but take your stacks of cash OFF the table like I did today!
[deleted]
[deleted]
BAN
What they do
Buy QQQ 300c 2023
This is such a stupid argument.

Nobody chooses where they are are born. Your parents decide that. Otherwise your birth is 100% out of your control. 

People however can choose to gain citizenship elsewhere by their own intention. That's in your control.
Ban
Over leveraged bulls throwing up the F, -0.13% is bullish af after a day like today.
Some of you are okay, don't go to NIO tomorrow
If you didn't load up on NIO calls at the top..  
What the fuck are you even doing here?
Go put dd in there then lol
Winners never quit.
I think that’s solid. Not to mention they ban our companies unless they give over proprietary information, then make their off brand version of that company to steal market share. Bullshit, but no politician bothers to fix it.
Fuck you
Yeah except dems are blaming him for that when he turned it around
Better look at closing positions soon then.
eat a hotdog
I think F is moving forward faster.
Fuck
And just like 50 cent, we are all bankrupt.
You’ve figured it out! Go start your hedge fund
This is the best advice I’ve gotten in the last 5 minutes
Should China block investment in BA? Maybe they already do, I have no idea about such things. But the answer to that should be the same as your question.
*paid
Seems light
[removed]
Think you’re pretty on point my dude
i did 

but pretty soon there will be enough people who have actually had covid and now have antibodies to fill a cruise even if a vaccine hasn’t arrived yet
[deleted]
Did a quick put scalp on ZM today for 20%. Play went to 70% when it it hit 419.75. After, it jumped to 433 because ZM and tard strength. I sold early but made money. Am I gonna beat myself up for it? Fuck no, 20% baby! Moral of the story: fuck paper hands and hold until 1000% or 0.
And this is why you're going to get rekt.
I might dip my toe in it and get shares if they are a good financial buy.
Really hope Mayor Lightfoot doesn’t shut down gyms again, literally what the fuck else am I gonna do for my first winter in Chicago
Yeah, you also avoid paying as much for the contracts if you wait a little. Volatility and bid/ask spread is highest right at open. I like the suggestion of waiting 30 min.
People pay high priced universities to be able to do 1/4 of this performance.
12% sounds fair, but I prefer to base it off definitive support and resistance areas. Found that works best for me.  I think that’s the key to trading; finding the style of trading that suits you best. That your comfortable with and that you can follow.
Sell way OTM and then roll up if you need to
Fuck China 

(Except NIO of course)
F
He’s on par with Blair Walsh after tonight
I’m full blown retard and I can’t afford anything with $100 for NIO calls
Bro if i knew probs wouldn’t be here
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck fuck
Can you at least use an original meme.... where is Freddy when you need him....
r/woooosh
no. retards here do that every day.
It's like when I saw KODK at 12. 

I remember reading a comment on WSB about a guy that had gone all in at 5 with 12k in shares. 

I saved the comments but didn't look up the ticker. Finally looked it up after the first day it mooned and it was on the biggest movers list on RH. I SAW it at 12 and was this close to buying 15c all in. 

Didn't do it and watched it hit 50.
*cries in Eagle*

*sobs in Datsun*
 China has no virus remember
Lmao. You vastly underestimated how stupid our citizens are...anti maskers are still a thing. We’re not flattening shit.
Shit I have seen that here I can't claim that one....I don't follow that advice of course or anything I see here for that matter lol
Touche, ay?
It was a polite way of saying Peter thiel has the bears by the nuts
No, but the IRS will
He’s one of those guys that brags about “theta gang.” Legit queer
Your subreddit has one post and it's about the NIO CEO eating a penis for breakfast?

This post is about a dude who sends big falcon rockets into space, not about some guy who has the Chinese Govt fudging his financials.
what does that mean
this is great.
Feeling cute, might buy puts later idk
Buy high sell low 👍
[deleted]
Same :’( but without the gains...
I think earnings will be a bloodbath.
Their replaceable battery is what tesla could not get, for the time being nio is good for a few years, im just using them to build capital :p but you did what you had to do in regards to selling at 15
Yes and no. There a lot of companies that no longer exist that did exactly what you said... nothing, while the world changed around them. Toys R Us was the shit when I was a kid. The internet came along and they bought the Toys.com domain for 5 million dollars and proceeded to do nothing with it. There’s hundreds of examples and autos ain’t exempt.
[removed]
[deleted]
LI mooned after hours. All EV will get the simp moon as well. Come back to this at 9:30 and I’ll re-think about letting you suck on my left nut
Any news on Kodak getting that loan?
What’re you in over the weekend?
Congrats.   The best way to win PLTR is to work for PLTR.
Lol I’m in the southeast, government jargon doesn’t mean much to us here.
That would never happen.  Their back stop is infinite govt bail out
I see what you did there
If you are going to making money yoloing online why not buy cheap in the middle of nowhere? 

You can get a 2k house with an acre of land for under 100k all over the Midwest, so long as you are willing to live in a town under 50k
im not a fan of trump's trade war with china as it has proven to be ineffective in helping an already ailing us economy. Despite my gripe with this trade war, i believe his decision today to ban investments in china controlled by the military is the prescient thing to do. It seems simple to me: why allow american capital to feed the chinese military, which poses a big threat to america and its citizens safety? any thoughts...
Probably not
Bam, roasted
Fuck Cambodia
Lol some shit keeps going
I’ll consider buying it after earnings.
Better than betting on the cowboys
Like reading gibberish
No
No real rush. But Sooner rather than later would be preferable.
Same thing with RKT... you guys loved it.
Agree in 2022......2023....2024???
Pfizer or UVXY calls.
It's extremely rare for VIX to be above 20 let alone 25 when we are only a few % away from all time high.
The EPS on your China EV is getting higher . Take profits when can .. before the hit y’all with a stock offering . Shit gone plummet to hell
Squeeeeeeze
F
Impressively dumb
Have my upvote autist. The shear amount of success to be able to run this and have gains over 35K to run the wheel on SPY, albeit, successfully, and 3 times a week is high powered smooth-brain thinking.
I like GM given how many brands they have and can sell CCs
Completely hypothetically, if somebody with absolutely no connection to a company randomly decided to YOLO their life savings on deep OTM 0DTE calls and then they actually popped and made them rich, would the SEC find a way to fuck them anyways?
It's at an all time high, that shit is gonna plummet and when it does I'll buy and your thesis might be right. But right now COVID will drag it down.
 

# 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💵💵💵 BABA 0DTE CALLS TOMORROW💵💵💵🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/d0/47/cf/d047cfa2558ad8c9659f123c74eb6034.jpg
All good points. But I’m gonna take these tendies now. So I can make more with daddy musk later 👌
Fuck fuck
Rockets go up. But they can blow up too. See Challenger
Long Chinese Elon
[deleted]
[deleted]
Unrealized gain loss: $867.86

Total cost: $146.44

Market Value: $1,014.30

Today’s change: $109.6
Buy five ounces of meth, cut with enough n-iso to make six ounces, sell at $50 a g, repeat 3x.
VIX is super dead, I say this as a big fan
How do I sell covered calls on NIO without getting my cheeks clapped and my gains robbed. Should I just stick to holding?
No
And day after new ATH it's probably 2k so thnx but no thanks
That's a pretty weird response though. I'm talking about their gear, not internal components. (So Mice etc)

The problem is that they are moving some of their manufacturing to mainland China. A lot of their switches in their mice are faulty and the general build quality is lower. This is a well known known problem if you read on their forums (and other gaming forums as well).  I had to take a switch from one of my older mouses and solder it on the corsair mouse to even make it work properly (and this was after only 12 months use)


I can't take Corsair seriously when they have begun making these moves in recent years. Corsair was a better brand in the the past, especially for internal components, but I can't take them seriously when they are making retarded moves for short-term profit.
Don’t you mean Wong?
100% that ... and its a flu, and it’s flu season and there’s no vaccine, and some people think it’s fake, hospital numbers aren’t a lie. We can both be sad and rich because of this. I’d prefer to be sad and rich to sad and poor but I may be both before tomorrow is over.
FSR atm call in Feb 2021
I think 99% of this sub is going to lose all their money.
Nio leaps
What happen?
OH MAN NIO!!  
I CAN'T WAIT TO BUY SO MUCH FUCKING NIO DIP.  
GOD DAMN GIVE ME THAT DIP.  
SSSSHHHHHHHLLLLLLLUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
[deleted]
It's not sexually transmitted so you guys should be ok
DIS needs to partner up with BYND to offer Mickey Mouse shaped hamburgers and faux-turkey legs.
In uncharted territory.  Would be safest to pay a bit more to buy ITM imo. The intrinsic value will keep you from losing everything too fast.
NIO is love NIO is life. What you think of SPCE tho 87% of floats shorted.
I appreciate it. I'll have to research it more to see how profitable the company is. Sounds awful morally. Obviously.
You eat paint chips
Fuck flavortown, usa
Gostkowski sucks so fucking bad it’s unreal
NIO duh
UGAZF
UGAYAZFUCK
Hey what did we do. I'm just chillin in my igloo tryna secure tendies bruh
Have a feeling you mr gonna be disappointed
Calls on RTX
If she weighs 420 lbs I'm gunna  shit
Will my XPEV puts print tomorrow?
[deleted]
How did I forget about that? 🤦‍♀️
[deleted]
[deleted]
Same
Why?
50/50
Yes please
Puts on your health
Elon would shove his cock in these pussies eyesockets
Up. Fuck money, tech=up.
My man!
yes and get a ps5 and enjoy
high yield savings account
Why?!
imagine thinking California ever left lockdown
In how long?
Do you think I can still day trade if I join ISIS
That’s about the mental age of most of u autistic ducks. It stands as accurate.
A face of bear mace heading your way
[removed]
They're all just little letters in my phone that correspond to little numbers in my phone, that as they increase in size, make me happy.
Elon Schmeelon.
Nio shmio
XPEV shmexpev
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck
Where will PLTR go from here?
Cuz most are bandwagoners, not even in a negative sense.

Very few have the resources to understand what distinguishes PDD from the old establishments
Fuck Goldman Sachs
-125
Fuck Georgia
NIO wont completely dump. It will stay above the mid 30s.
Friday the 13th, blood and gore for the bears.
Fuck you. It’s a cool place.
Nah. Seriously, I’m no genius, but there’s patterns. Start small, don’t do 0DTE, and trade monthlies as if they are. Learn the difference between averaging down and good money thrown at bad. All this said; I almost got wiped out on the PRC tanking BABA overnight. It’s scary to see that much money get wiped out. But I made almost all of it back the same day I took the loss - it’s tough. I’m lucky. But you may be too. Godspeed .
*stock spikes* 

“💎Diamond Hands💎”
I need to turn 5k into 25k
[deleted]
U were right
Imagine how I felt..first company I swear All of 2020 that beats earnings then rips not only your face off, but your great grandkids face off too..
Possible lockdown, pump tech stocks
First they fuck up a punt then miss a fg 🤬
# The Great State of Georgia
If i had the money id do it. Im in college and we all use zoom. All schools are using it. I think it will zoom after earning. Especially since its deflated after the vaccine news. But im a retarded sooo
Bro you already have it
Yeah
LOL
Pltr is the future but we don’t need that here, we looking for 24-48 hour tendies
wow we're fukt
[deleted]
The entirety of WSB going balls deep in two stocks, what could go wrong? Guess it’s fitting we all die together.
The lockdowns aren't being taken seriously in Africa right now. They are mostly in Sub-Saharan Africa so the population is mostly less well off and the middle class is in utter shambles. 

They were getting big on Nigerian but those guys are all about oil and oil isn't so hot right now. 

I'm not buying JMIA prospects hype one bit
Fuck South Carolina. seriously fuck that place with all my heart. fuck Kentucky too
I sold a 240 Put
And used the premium to buy a 295 Call
Whew good thing I'm holding tsla stock then
Problem with NIO is they are now worth 1/6th of Tesla with less than 1/10th of the delivery number. No proprietary battery technology(I love their changeable battery a lot though, but they don't make them), MobileEye OEM autonomous driving module and only one small output JAC factory that's not even owned by them. 

And most importantly, they don't have Elon Musk. But maybe I am just salty cuz I got in at 4 dollars and out at 15.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/

Everyone this is the spot to ask all your questions and get all your answers
2-1

[https://chess.org/play/852eeb2f-5d6e-4e96-8b71-ccc7f85bd37c](https://chess.org/play/852eeb2f-5d6e-4e96-8b71-ccc7f85bd37c)

Whoever got in last time, you need to accept the game config ffs. someone who isnt a monkey please, i need to avenge this loss
i see these and think omg that is so much money and then realize im down 30k :(
[deleted]
Yes
Even YouTube recommendations has given up on me at this point
[deleted]
Because I want "TENDIES" up my nose.
RKT
anyone else catch the Disney CEO saying cruise reservations were very strong  👀👀

seems like a decent time to get cruise leaps. more bullish it will come back than movie theaters tbh.
Can your buttplugs hold a taco tho
Nothing less
Can't take it back now. Already made my TSLA fortune
You had me at high
[deleted]
If i had more than $10 i would be a millionaire.

https://ibb.co/jgCQRdh
Biden gunna call a lid
Fuck State Farm
[removed]
where all the newly divorced moms hang out
Truly retarded
Futures so fucking flat goddamn my qqq 292 calls expiring tomorrow are fucked
My roommate has covid. Odds I catch it?
You’re not wrong... that’s it. I have nothing else to say. NIO 55c 11/13
 Stock market is going to be up BIGLY tomorrow
Singles day sales from yesterday were off the charts. $74B in one day sales.
Do Titans fans even exist?
Buy the dip, Flaggot
I go look on snap world map to see how much the news is bullshitting on certain things.
[deleted]
Will print on Both.
[deleted]
Ever heard the phrase start small.  One contract to try it out not everything.....
Still better than san fran where they literally shit in the streets
In some European countries (France, UK, Italy, Spain) virus growth numbers are flattening and we usually follow them 2 weeks behind so ours should start flattening in 2 weeks too.
Also fuck BABA
Wow guys he hacked the system
DOESN'T HAVE NIO!!!!!!!!
state farm
Nio delivered 5k in one month that’s why it boomed
Or a dog fight. You ever watch a dog fight ?
BREAKING NEWS:
Hypergrowth bro. Scaling bruh
[removed]
Tldr
Any stocks looking to break out huge in the next few days? Anything below the $20 range.
Not as long as Trump is here lmao
It’s a good idea to hold long term but you’ll probably get bored in week 2, come back to WSB, and gamble it all on the next meme stock.  I’ve been there.
Restraining order inbound.
Scared money != Frantic Retard
I’ll never bet on the Titans again...fuck me to tears
Well he ain't calling him a truther
Just make sure you’re upfront about what kind of benefits your looking for. I got into this situation once where she was looking for sex but I was looking for charity fund raisers
I’m long term bullish on tech. More COVID deaths equal more millennials inherenting boomer parents portfolios and selling them to start startups that get bought by FAANG. To the moob
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/

Join this and tendies will grow out your nuts
You have awoken unnatural forces. Better not trade tomorrow...
We'll, I lost money this week because I couldn't close my fucking position when $80 up on a call and that that bad boy tanked.
Covid restrictions starting in certain cities. Or sports shit.
Anyone else playing DKNG tomorrow
Msg me your loss porn on Monday
Leave my favorite state out of this
Fuck South Dakota
I don’t follow what you’ve said... basically at all. I upvoted it just because it was so retarded and confusing. Nice work.
cease?
Where the hell were you today
I blew up my paper trading account with some ill timed shorts on /es. I'm ready to lose my real money on futures now
yeh.. prob is they dont have a single ev on the market yet. nissan atleast has the leaf and it sucks compared to tesla.... but atleast its something
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/


Word
No but really we shouldn’t have two Dakotas
Those are great returns. Nice.
Ethyl Mertz checking in
The worst
Nobody lives there
Why you like DTe
I saw it and was in shock. Total shock
why? not going against you, just curious and learning from other’s opinions and knowledge.
Lockdowns dumbass you’re not holding insider info
How does this cute car handle an encounter with, say...an F-250 stock?
Eh, there definitely has been a lot of hand wringing about a 2nd surge/2nd market crash for a while but the case numbers and hospitalizations were never really enough to force any significant reintroduction of lockdowns. What makes this time different is the fact that shit is actually starting to lock down again in a lot of different places, which hadn't really happened on such a significant and widespread scale as it has started to now. We'll see though.
Buy some mmedf and don't look at it
not mine.
Wait till the NIO day in January. Its gonna be like DIS investor day. Remember? Pepperidge Farm Remember.
Fuck Alaska
What state you from?
I got GE calls have some baba
I almost sold most of my 1/15/21s yesterday.   Had $750 in Xpeng 45 strike calls expiring Friday.  I thought I'd inverse myself and sell at a 60% loss to buy puts in an attempt to break even.   Then I decided to inverse my inverse and fake myself out by cancelling the sell and holding everything.   I'm playing 2.5d chess by myself over here!
Nio up 12 percent today
My brain
my 11/13 UVXY 22.5c that are worth a penny would like a word
Nio just give me a 15% day and I’ll turn gay
Going well 😌
Oh yes I love it when you talk dirty to me 💦
Or you just suck and haven't played anyone good either
Tesla's market cap is 800,000 dollars per car sold per year

Nio's market cap is 6.5 million dollars per car sold per year
That is the gayest thing that’s been posted today
Dr. Phil
eh, chicago literally voted these lockdown fuckers in. they reap what they sow
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/


Where
Money is 
Made
Inb4 up 20% pre
In the year 6000 depictions of Jesus Christ himself will very closely resemble Elon Musk.
Fuck you
Honestly wtf am I doing
Yolo it on nio calls that expire tomorrow
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChineseEV/

Fuego^
Fuck you
Yea because your cheap ass only put in a dub sack
Serious question - what’s your logic? I mean XPEV just fucking flew to Saturn, and Li and of course Nio had a nice lift as a result. Nio is by far the darling of the Chinese EV market and while earnings are not a sure thing, the hype IS a sure thing and stocks are likely to climb significantly tomorrow - probably 10% at least. My girlfriend’s boyfriend is really excited about the run up - why aren’t you?
[deleted]
Winter is absolutely fucked though from what I hear
69 I think.
*spits in rich*
Fucking stupid speculative investors is more like it. 6.99 a month for Disney+ is no where near the money they made off parks & movies.
ZM 600
When your portfolio is in the tank, it’s time to lick your stank
Only OG‘s remember stimmy talks. Good old times...
I briefly had no positions this morning, for the first time since March. It made me wildly nervous so I bought a bunch of puts. Sold them EOD up 105%. Scared money...make money?
FSR
Go get your dick wet 💦
[deleted]
That hurts.
Reminds me of home
[deleted]
They’re also headed to bankruptcy
?
His response "yea, well, I own a lot more of me than you do". 

Imagine watching your stonk price go up 174$ last Fri
You might be very right. I think people will stay bullish on it, but it looks like it’s the options volume is driving it up. Just this place probably accounts for thousands of calls. I would expect a lot of folks don’t plan to hold for earnings and it gets shoved down
Small Biotec, Precision Biosciences (DTIL) , is reporting clinical data by year end that could make it as big as Crisper Therapeutics. I keep buying Jan 15 calls for this binary event and will again tomorrow.
Fuck North Dakota
Video games are a time sink. But if you do buy, buy it from gamestop GME for life!
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/boyee34 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No plz I don’t have any more cash to buy rn
Doubt
when’s the earnings? probably gonna sell my tsla tomorrow and push all that $ onto a big option move.
You’ve clearly never been to the south side
[deleted]
Good luck, how old is he?
Damn your one share is going nuts
Lol you really don’t know whats the bigger picture with this do you
I can sense the sarcasm from the typing while you wrote that lol. I’m sure that how many will sell before earnings because of the height so I should be good I also have some calls that I will be keeping after earnings and taking the risk so let’s see
Futures are down -0.1% and VIX is already up almost 2%.

VIX never misses any opportunity to moon higher. It simply won't die.
If markets don’t shit the bed I see it at 40 or more. Branson alone would revive the SPCE meme status
Lmao it’s a troll stop bringing politics into gambli - I mean trading
And I'm going out in a fiery car crash, in my brand new Nio EP9
FSR
Relentless
No clue
SPY calls will make that \ turn right into a V
NYC smells like piss. You know why? Because people piss in the streets.
If you took that 2 mill in profits and put it into NIO..... boy you’d have a lot more to put into a decent entry into your beloved GME right now
And just like fight club people won’t stop talking about even though they’re not supposed to
it’s probably just ccp billionaires pumping the shares up. tendies are tendies tho.
Sir, this is a dispensary
He hasn't lost shit.  He has already been buying and selling call on this for over 9 months as it went from $3 to $15. I am sure he has already made a grip.  Not sure if it was taken off the table or reinvested though.
Fsr
[deleted]
You don’t like 🌽??
[deleted]
Yes. GM and Ford won’t make it to 2030
2-1

[https://chess.org/play/897c7b08-3b39-4ab7-a217-a2b365932c69](https://chess.org/play/897c7b08-3b39-4ab7-a217-a2b365932c69)

Maybe some of you arent so retarded after all
Imagine using margin on Robinhood
Yeah but who wants to travel to Naperville? They are like one of the only cities in illinois that refuse to sell weed.
save your money wait for a rally to 3580
Rent some bootstraps and then pull yourself up by them!
We aren't in a dip till after tomorrow. Best thing to do is follow up a shitty move up or down.
Have u fools even heard of bitc0in
Gonna try to work out a Fwb deal with the sexy neighbor now that we going into lockdown. This my only hope. Wish me luck bois
What’s up with saying fuck random cities and states?
Thank you. Now ban this retard 😢
Shove those controllers up your asshoe
For 30 fucking days this time!
Question is, better than Tesla over the next few years? Thiel’s old companion?
All I read was buy the tech dips
bro that's like an apartment in brooklyn rofl
Have you heard of Nio?
Don’t fuck with the mouse
RemindMe! 11 hours
Geniuses still cant predict the future retard
I will send you nudes of my wife if you’re correct. My puts are fucking me
Can NIO give us another fake 15% dip? 

Everybody would buy it and get hella bitches
go fuck yourself clown
Fuck Portland
We’re in the midst of it
I bought half the amount of shares I wanted of BABA... waiting for $252 to buy the other half. If it never gets there, oh well!
I liked nio as well. Had a cost basis of like 5 or 6 bucks and got rid of it around 15 after legal allegations arose. Stock rocketed from there. Happy for anyone who held but this thing will revisit reality at some point
You're the fucking loser buying a call after a 5x run
that’s not pizza. that’s tomato casserole.
Or even 100 🥺
Chicago is mad nice, it's like a clean version of NYC
I will be messaging you in 8 days on [**2020-11-21 04:18:16 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-21%2004:18:16%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt3ttb/keep_wishing_gay_bears/gc4fbil/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt3ttb%2Fkeep_wishing_gay_bears%2Fgc4fbil%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-21%2004%3A18%3A16%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt3ttb)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
100% loading up EOD tomorrow
I wont argue history but this shit has meme’d itself to death. We all know how this ends. Not a 🌈🐻
Sorry bro.. already using mine lol
What are sin funds? Is it a good buy still?
im in for some 350s 2 weeks out an im making money guaranteed
Fuck Nebraska
? Lockdown?
I'm not supposed to tell you this but my dad is the president of SPY and he told me he's gonna crash the market soon
5% down and 15% on a new mustang if he's smart.
Gonna be flat as fuck tomorrow
Same people who have or had NKLA holdings.
When do you see that happening lmao
We’ve been hearing about the winter surge since Covid came out. LONG LIVE KING QQQ
I'm selling my shares before earnings
Is it a good buy rn?
If anyone has a VA loan discount code plz hit me up
I got 3 PS5’s and an xbox series s bitch

dumb slut dumb thot dumb bitch
!remind me in 8 days
That’s factss but I think it’s hilarious that a 2000% gain is only $400
friendship ended with tesla. now nio is my best friend
Fuck PLTR bears tbh. I think it’s gonna rocket just because reporting financials signals to investors that they have money, pretty solid model imo
Oh and wait! He is fluent in Chinese and goes to Shanghai every year more than once, I wonder why

https://blogs.wsj.com/chinarealtime/2014/10/23/facebooks-mark-zuckerberg-holds-qa-session-in-chinese/
if you can believe it, the idiots here are probably an order of magnitude smarter than idiots on the outside / everyday muricans (aka poors).

Even countries with actual societal cohesion are having a difficult time managing the pandemic at this point. America will have plenty more death to come over the winter, barring a mutation favoring less lethality.

wait until kids bring it home from schools, lmaoooo
Buy ZM calls instead
Lockdowns good for tech brotatochip
PEIX is a fucking loser. I watched it run from $3 all the way to $15 and I was late to the party. Finally bought a call and it tanked. Piece of shit.
I hear you and agree i just hate the long term debt they have comparatively speaking
You got puts?
Oh ok, now I understand. Thanks!
He’s not going to advocate for shutting down his own economy. It’s easier to say it when someone else has the reigns. The public is way less agreeable with shutting down knowing what they know now about the mortality rates. National shutdown is not going to happen.
Fuck Chicago 

Actually a nice city but fucking lockdown again
[deleted]
Cool just give up with 3 minutes left in the game still..

Edit: Before anyone points out how much they’re down by. Yes I am aware. Just don’t think you give up till the fat lady sings.
So whichever country approves the vaccine first gets it first. I'm surprised some countries aren't in a race to approve it quickest so that they can get their hands on the first supplies.
This sub truly is retarded isn't it?... lol

He said China is full steam ahead, while the western world is preparing for another lockdown.
Cuz
My understanding of the cds conditions is that the contracts last for 5 years though, meaning if they went down he could also lose value on that (something like $1.7bn total) Pointless looking at the cost for just 1 month ($26mil)
yeah i was lookin at if for some quick money not something worth holding like nio, nio actually looks like it will hold up
tomorrow im going to buy 20k worth of spy puts
Lockdown?
[deleted]
Fuck Indiana
I meant me
They just realizing that their $450 puts aren't gonna make a profit on a $15 stock
This sub is the only remaining place in the world for unabashed non-toxic masculinity.  It’s fight club basically
[deleted]
I was just kidding
If you have to black it out, it’s nothing to brag about 😂
You forget the meth labs, but close enough
My leaps I bought 3 months ago are up 600% lol
Sony boutta pumppp with those new travis af1s
Another?
I just edit, sorry for the confusion.
Always inverse the most logical thing
Futures are for fucking boomers
[deleted]
why does it matter? it's like either of you guys made money on earnings anyway..
See [presentation](https://ir.tffpharma.com/static-files/065981d2-3d22-4348-a4be-e3df1e4f96d6)
30-40%
im about to exercise those contracts
[deleted]
I’ve got a retard question for you. I noticed on Call options for March 2021, the $7.50 strike is only $1 cheaper than the $3.50, despite the $3.50 strike being $1.49 ITM. It seems like the ITM options are just way way way better value. What am I missing? Why would you ever buy the $7.50C?
And my account will disappear into the night sky like the shooting star it was born to be
Winnie the pooh can suck. my. dick.
Dis+ is not going to hold up this price. They are trading higher than a year ago due to a smaller segment of revenue that growth is still limited compares to it's peers.

And if our market is so forward looking and banking in Dis+ moving them towards a more growth valuation, why the hell did drop like a rock instead of you know, looking forward to this growth, especially when everyone is home?
Casey’s pizza is good tbh
Put down the bare minimum so he can YOLO the rest in options
Nio, Xpeng, and Li are now worth more than Gm, Ford, and Fiat Chrysler.  124 billion vs 100 billion.
[deleted]
I've been seeing this around. I might buy 10 shares just to track it LOLOL
Yea all 2 people will tell me everything I need to know
Sector rotation to NIO in the morning
I think of those weeks I watched TSLA skyrocket thinking "this is so stupid no way would I buy in now".   Then in August I started buying into NIO calls.  Second chance tournament here we come! 🚗🔋
0 if he has a VA loan
Yup there is always a random run up to earnings haha, yeah they missed on revenue and beat on bottom line cause they are cutting costs, maybe it will be a looooong battle to shift consumer behavior in Africa
All I know is NIO to Pluto and beyond
i- will not question the retard.. merely admire him
20% unless he's an idiot
And ypu had me at integral
I got some 0dte old Chinese food in the fridge
[deleted]
The pizza is good
His green dildo awaits
More lockdowns? Lol Seattle here
I'm on my site and I was going to set up stop limits at -5% of current price. My wife yells, "Give it at least 10%!" 

I don't think this is going to be as bad as Feb 21 - Mar 21 was.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** rebuild ‘Mercia

**URL:** https://redd.it/jta654
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jta654) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/eujc21, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
eujc21
quiveringmass
Probably
That car is like the drawn horse meme with realistic head and single line back, lol.
How about we all go 25% each in those 3 Chinese EVs and PLTR at the end of next week?
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I like NIO lot but anyone think they are the next tesla are delusional to see how far ahead Papa Elon is.
That’s doable, thanks
Go to babystreetbets
Dont say shit unless you an insder that knows spy is going to 300
[deleted]
Ok. Typically when someone gives such a strong answer they provide a reason.
How gay? Like SPY 300p gay?
🍗🍗🍗
But we kind of know what stocks shut downs benefit. So if you're hoping for airlines and cruises to go up you're fucked but if you're holding tech stocks I don't see an issue. At least not in the next month. If shut downs happen nationwide and no stimulus comes then we're in trouble and I'm taking my EV earnings and cashing out.
Better intel know exactly what your getting
We got daddy Li Bin now
Not that kind of 8 ball  🤡 It’s at 49 do you have a crystal ball?
IBM didn’t go up 1600% in 6 months. That’s a bad comparison. Sure no company stays great forever. All I’m saying is NIO is a pump and dump. Pumping currently but dump is incoming
[deleted]
Everyone here is bullish and keeps buying so
[deleted]
Fucking Amen brother
$8p checking in after selling 12p on Monday for 250% gain.
I'm willing to trade one Kentucky and one Alabama for Puerto Rico.
Algo has to be kind of fucked if it's giving me dudes from Dubai while I'm in the Philly area searching for women.
My bro In law house apparently $750k. How much u think he gonna put down
Can't help it dude
The guy said 24k
Samesies
We make jokes but I’m in like this
Take off a 0 or 2 and it is the same for anyone on here. If it were $13k and we went down $1.6k in a day would you freak out?
did you buy options on this? yea def dumb to play earnings unless its something volatile like amzn
You’re assuming anything about this stock is rational. Watch them miss earnings bigly, and still moon
Get me some 0dte SPY in the morn. Watch me die in the morn
To the moon 🚀🚀
How is China Aboht to lock down?
If not tomorrow morning it should def come back down around noon, come back call me idiot if not senpai
puny
[deleted]
? Cases? No amount, deaths? 20k/day bare minimum, gotta edge out cancer for no. 1 killer
Imagine thinking the US is actually going to shut down 

🤡gang
Yeah that's what leads to crazy fomos
Isn't there a scientist on board? It seems like their design is more like a plane. Seems like a safer way to get into orbit.
In March the Director of the United States National Economic Council went on stage at a press conference drunk off his absolute ass and told the nation no stimulus was coming.
The earnings were a disaster and the 13 support just has to be BS. I saw some articles listen on RH talking about how JMIA has prospects but I feel like it's BS and and it will bleed out over the next month. Then give it to weeks and it will start pumping again. Hilarious
Eventually yeah. But until the general public are actually getting a vaccine that’s been approved by the fda, none of these pumps are real
I can't wrap my mind around all the electric vehicle hype.  Do people really think that GM, Ford, Toyota etc will just raise a white flag to the EV market and hand over there market share to NIO and TSLA.  There is no silver bullet patent.  TSLA and NIO do not do anything fundamentally different.  All major auto brands now have the ability to make a battery swapping electric car.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
They are moving their ev divison to china. Get in when you can.
"Priced in" as we are literally a few points off ATH. Lmao okay bud.
You gonna cry in a RR or the bus?
Haha I have 17cs expiring tomorrow.  Another bad choice I made this week that was covered up by the Chinese EV market!
Okay lmk how many u have. Sell them + ill buy the same amount, it’s gunna rip and ill send you the money
fkn dumping POS 

fk
Why would we when we are already on wsb
Cash gang is the way right now
[removed]
Me likey squiggly lines
Fuck Illinois
Literally has nothing to do with it, look at their revenue, maybe you'll find out what actually happened
Is it a rug pull if you know it’s coming
I fully believe XPEV LI NIO will all pull a Tesla run up. Just to slap America and Elon in the face. And I’m going along for the ride. All hail China. I’m not fucking selling.
Nah I’m good
What the fuck do you know gayboy
Buy tech
And Illinois too. Fucking cornstalks and windmills
Don't be a complete degenerate. Think about an amount you are willing to lose before contemplating self-harm, then dial back your positions to less than that amount. There are going to be plenty of home run pitches to swing at, don't expose more money than you can handle losing.
Priced in
I had some random dude message me saying to buy PLTR shares. I dont even know what that is.
erryone sleeping on IIPR. imo the only half legit pot play out there right now.
The last screenshot I saw was afterhours and it included enough buying power to imply that he took some gains off the table. This is the same friend who turned $200 into $50k on Tesla calls and lost basically all of it
Might as well. Will get your dick hsrd better then this I tell you that
Believe in everything.  Unless it is in caps and followed by rockets.  Book of Jobs 3:15
What’s your next? Continuing with those three?
find a youtube link. google youtube converter. click mp4 and then download the link
I agree. Just cant decide on which of the two to play.
He wanted to make 1000 before losing it all
I want in too but they’re not even producing vehicles yet. They seem behind. May not matter with everyone overvaluing EVs but at least those companies can put cars on the road.
Churches>KFC
Me too.
Been eyeing it for puts. Almost bought in near close for tomorrow expiration thinking maybe it'll gap down but didn't pull the trigger lol Upwork is looking like it's gearing for some profit taking as well.
Elon would wipe the shit off his ass with their face
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have faith major moon on this beat in am. By bowl season we’ll be sitting 50-55
It'll probably go up fagot it already went down a bunch for ER now we're earnings retarded and wanna milk our dicks into this cash cow baby💦💦💦payday loans baby
What do you mainly trade?
That’s it. I’m switching to regular porn
 🏳️‍🌈 🐻 i have honestly been more than 50% cash since monday. I hope you are right.
Scam company, why? Branding itself as an EV company "without mileage anxiety" while producing Hybrid. But there is always room, look at NKLA.
[removed]
Daily reminder: rug pull tomorrow.
🌝
To a non-wsb person that last sentence would be real confusing lol
Nio
Dear Fidelity, can you please let me know when 0dte crack will be back on the menu?
Fuck mate.  I thought the same, we all did.  I would imagine there’s a contract on Jack Ma somewhere in the world right now.  These fucking “geniuses” can figure out anything except when to keep their mouths shut.
These flat futures just mean people are on their toes about buying in. One significant move in the wrong direction and we slip and slide into a recession
kfc tho
Um, is that not right? Am I the only 4 year old autist on this server that uses RH?!?!
Not denying that it’s a great money making opportunity. But it’s gonna be like OSTK and snap back to reality real quick
Just to watch it rip 17%
The Holy Trinity
[deleted]
Simp
I’m with you man, was disappointed with earnings, not sure what’s keeping it afloat.., I would go all in at $7
That’d be disastrous to my account and the family of the pilot
LK is still doing pretty well in China.
NIO I've still not seen a lot on the streets, the pump is lit tho.
I’m so high
I’m trying. But it’s hard out here for an autistic savant.
[deleted]
Imagine buying shares and not calls, hop on the retard train NIO 40c 11/20
[deleted]
Now fucking move that money to a real broker.  Don’t get fucked by RH.
If you can’t stop them, might as well make money off them right?
Just start writing calls and keep writing them. Make money now, make money when the crash comes.
Poop is to me as calls are to puts
That's the point of the movie. He's too highly trained to ever be hit by a bullet. He knows where the bullet will be before it's even shot.
Yea...😂open up at 3%, just to drill back down 4%. I see this shit move. Horrible. Just want my fucking money back. But the contract is damn near worthless
Thank you for the information I appreciate it.
Flat is always an option
[deleted]
I hope that if we don't speak about PDD it will continue mooning for an infinity amount of time.
Rocket go boom?
Now is a great time to buy leaps/shares if you believe in the company. Their last ER was pretty bad and the current price reflects that.


Your kid isn't  yours, boom roasted
Rug pull absolutely begins tomorrow. The realization that COVID is about to go absolutely fucking nuts literally everywhere is starting to hit, and the vaccine is still too far away to avoid more lockdowns. Several places have already started to go back to March & April level restrictions, and probably a lot more will within the next week. 

This will probably not be nearly as bad as March just since we know that a vaccine is getting close, but I am definitely planning to be super gay the next few weeks at least.
Look at the 1 year chart, should answer that lol
I’m Patrick
Honey badger doesn’t care
Need some help bois. I bought 3 $PLUG $24c 11/20. Should I hold through Friday, hold through next week or sell before opening. Thanks
[deleted]
Have you seen their chart everyone has been making money off them.
its been a while for me too!
Fuck Kentucky
JMIA 14p earnings play was hilarious. I don't know that it is holding at 13. It needs to go back to 7
The magic 8 ball says “ask again in December”
Clever. I bet no one else is thinking of selling before earnings.
Yeah the whole battery swap thing is a joke. Electric car batteries aren’t exactly lightweight and just the idea of a normal uneducated person swapping a battery scares me. People talk about Tesla batteries exploding lol. And those things are untouched by the drivers. Talking to my engineering friend and he said it’s not safe and not a good thing to focus on when companies like Tesla are focusing on increasing range and battery power. Who the fuck wants to buy an electric car and swap the batteries around?
This guy gets it, especially on the first part. Those who know, know.
I think GM and F are undervalued given their developing EVs, have customer loyalty and established bidness.
Just watch this
LMFAO cause you're both idiots
I can't figure any of this out. My portfolio is up 33% (mostly carried by NIO). Next big hitter is IIPR, then MELI, SE, PLTR. ZM and SQ. 

I want to set limit sells for tomorrow to save my ass somehow, but I'm looking at most of these tickers and they're not tanking after-hours. The only think that is down is PLTR and all I want to do is buy more...
Do better then
Shouldn’t I just hold this till May and then exercise to buy 100 shares? Surely it’ll be over 50 in 6 months?
Have you heard about our lord and savior NIO?
anybody have info on FLGT?
[deleted]
High key, get that done bud
I know how to edit over a video, but what I want to know is how you find copyrighted clips from major productions to edit. Where do you even go to get a file to start working on?
Winnie the pooh deducts 100 points from your social credit
Lmao take my fucking upvote u autist
but what if it doesn't go down soon, then it could keep going up
lol there was some boomer guest getting super defensive on cnbc and he was like “Oh don’t get me wrong, I’m super diversified in tech. I got QCOM bro. I’m all about tech.” like 😂😂
You mean like a.....th-th-third direction?!?!
Imagine not investing in the inevitable 1984 future.
Don’t make me expose you
Are you a misshapen-faced-but-still-hot red head?
Haha I wouldn’t go all in. But I do got have 10k in my port so far and figured I’d give it a shot on a 2k or less here soon.
These barely red and barely green days are BORING
140k to 210k this week. Less impressive then the 20 to 35.
Are you retarded or autistic
An adult.
Let's see what Friday the 13th does to markets
Not tomorrow my dude
Don’t try wmt. Their website crashes every time they release a wave
I can tell. Dark times is ahead of us
and my memes get flagged as spam :/

theyre bad memes but still
[removed]
Fuck should have sold uco at 30 goddamit
Fuck u
Sounds like a plan. Prob what I’ll do tomorrow
little thing called paid subscribers bitch, read a book
Cuz you can always send him to the government subsidized pre-K with the rest of the kids whose parents are addicts of one form or another.
What is the deal with the NIO obsession guys. Its nauseating.
KNDI
I have a 55c 1/21. It drills all the time.
Glad I bought NIO long calls on Monday
No
tough times here lately
i feel like shitcoin could never break 20k

too many of us are scarred from last time
We can only hope
Lemme bust out the crystal ball: weed stocks slowly bleed tomorrow
hrmm guess it was a smart move to lock in some of my 0dte 353C AH today lol
4
Popeyes for the chicken. KFC for the sides
They got tips from my ex
Gotcha.  So you can sell your puts tomorrow and buy calls but if you were to sell those same calls tomorrow you would be breaking the rules because that money hasn't settled yet from the first transaction. If you plan on holding the calls to Monday you are fine.
Stop loss = StopGainz420
No just gotta take less naps beards are for men naps are for kids
I shorted XPEV at close for $1.5k. You’re welcome, retards.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/wsb_gang don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
SPCE calls ya heard it here first. They going to space next week
Anyways . Tomorrow Friday so let’s see if my calls print
shit it was doubling daily
I was born and raised in Rio de Janeiro, Brasil and I am Lebanese Italian the same
All hail China
Ching chong lei wong make my nio calls grow all day long !
Fucking dumb, right?
Position or ban
Dude shrugs off console season as if the PS5 didnt come out TODAY. Theyll have like $2.5B in q4 revenue when they report in March
How many contracts
Yeah, holding for awhile
Haha I kinda gave up on Learning anything about calls and puts, until I tried a straddle (didn’t know that’s what it was called) the other day and it worked out kind of nice. Helped me some buy time on a call I had to figure out if I was gonna hold or close.
Big red Friday the 13th 👿
FNKO !!!!
The gain porn lately is so damn week . Dude posted 20 dollar investment that went to 35. Like what the actual fuck
Where to look for ps5 tn
[deleted]
Sorry, shemales.
Ya why would he do that just before the world’s biggest ipo. Hmmmm
Exercise at expiration
PLTR is a long term play, I am liking my grgw gains tho
[deleted]
Touche sir
Anyone planning to hold NIO through earnings? Oh you’re not? I wonder when those thousands upon thousands of call options start unwinding....
DD on best? Looks interesting
And? I am a trader? Do you think I care what happens after I sold long ago?

No company stays great forever. IBM was the hottest shit of its day. Now look at it.

My shares that I actually keep long term are mainly Google RSUs, Stripe, SpaceX, Airbnb, TSLA, and a few others.
I might just delete robinhood and find something to take my mind off this or im going to sell them too early.
Yeah right after the press conference I remember him telling my how much poontang he got and I was like fuck this nigga gets his dick hard 24/7
AMWL is not looking so good...
Right on!
[removed]
They’re a little special 😌
This all sounds very bullish to me
*Xpeng has entered the chat
This weak ass gain porn .. should of kept this shit in your gallery. Delete this
everyone is .. when valuation comes back .. everything will get hammered to death
First few games were hollow but eventually it got competitive. Couldn't ask for more considering the circumstance. And what do you mean by over politicized?
I prefer boofing my tren but to each their own I guess
lol shit going to open near 60 tmr
Tell me why I should invest my sons pre kindergarten fund on PLTR.
Ok im all ears
Nah it wasn't money I needed for anything major so thank God for that. 

I've been making safe plays scalping 20% here, 30 there but seeing that option on my screen hurts man.

Still a ways away from where I was at the top but I'll keep playing safe
I’ve got $35 calls for 05/21/21 that I bought mid October. Up 268%. Thinking about holding. Thoughts?
[deleted]
Cuz if you don’t refresh sometimes you don’t see the new one and don’t realize it
Gayyyyyyyyyyyyy
[deleted]
Yeah if you knew the typical behaviors of a stock, it's recent range, and you wait until a trend is shown......and most importantly don't go all in all the time ....shouldn't be too risky, and the upside is high
Big if true
I'm must be seeing things. Why is one of those green??
Theta eats you quick. Better to sell calls or outs against your position and close the short leg once it starts going against your long leg. Rinse wash and repeat
It will burn in hell for eternity
I bought a RKT  call when it was below 19.50 and sold around 21.80 so I made a little bit. I had XPEV shares. If the world made any sense RKT would be up to 48
11/27 40p, I have a few to hedge the long calls
same. shit seemed too easy. was waiting for a pump and dump. fuck.
Have EY audit them. Haha
[deleted]
Get out with that negativity. We’re stupid
There's nothing gay about getting your dick sucked. Positions: SPY 340p
NVDA 550 

ZM 500

🙏
I'm going to double down on a previous comment: you are extra retarded.

good luck finding the nut though.
I’m more of a food addict than a gambling addict. The Popeyes around the block hurts me more than my Robinhood app
I've played the Jan 2022 $100 Leaps twice - with success.  Sold them for the second time yesterday.  JD is within 5% of ATH. BABA, however, is down 18%ish from ATH. Today, I bought BABA December 24th 272.5s because of this disparity.  I will take my quick win and move on though.
Buy at minimum, by reversals in stoch RSI, wait for bull reversal, sell CC 1.5% ITM, rinse/repeat.
Yes, you’re good.
Shut up nerd
I was in Nio when this happened:

https://ir.nio.com/news-events/news-releases/news-release-details/nio-inc-cancels-second-quarter-2019-earnings
Cash Gang. Lost a lot of money on a weekly BABA play I got caught in Tuesday night, closed that today for 90% loss, and then got ballsy and made most of it back on 1DTE SPY puts and HD calls. Closed all out aside SOLO puts I need to average down on. But tomorrow:

HD NOV 20 calls (earnings), TGT DEC calls (earnings), SPY 0DTE scalps (depending on movement), SOLO puts (it’s a clown car company), reviewing movement in a few others I’ve worked well on for daytrades, calls and puts.
[deleted]
It’s 2020. If you’re not going to a men’s clinic to get testosterone prescribed and injecting it into your shaft then you’re not going to make gains.
No
Yes sir, this is the way
Bullshit last month, with stock. Math doesn't work.
Why?
Bet it on a cock fight, preferably big ones.
Love the girls But I hate the wild life
That is not an options graph it goes consistently up we have a stockholder here. Sir this is WSB
Mine actually gets bigger but that’s only when I work it out with my penis pump
How else do you think us dumbasses can afford to yolo 10k on SPY and NIO calls. On a side note NIO 40c 11/20
His dad was incredibly wealthy by South African standards. His dad was unaffectionate but he was grateful that it taught him discipline. I don't know if that would qualify as abuse. I'm not just getting this from Twitter either, I read his biography by Ashlee Vance.
another NKLA!?!
If shit doesn’t start going up soon, shits gonna keep going down for a while
DKNG run up tomorrow

get in or be talked about
Woulda won
NIO puts anyone??
FNKO !!!
Bro I ran out of time
I miss those days when tesla was rasing $100 a day. Elon the fucking musk. Do something papa elon.
Don't say trannies, what are you a boomer?
Feb lockup release will dump the price just like it did with DKNG.
I got 12/18 $65, as close as I could get.
Why are people still posting in yesterday’s daily discussion?
Reddit has always been like this.  If I am on Reddit when something happens I will hear it here first.
I’m good dude - I’ve got a crystal pyramid, dream catcher, an 8 ball, and tarot cards.
2-0

[https://chess.org/play/0186e995-b7e9-44ae-8163-35e091b9b28c](https://chess.org/play/0186e995-b7e9-44ae-8163-35e091b9b28c)

Boys remember, you have 5 minutes. If time runs out you lose lmfao
Yeah, I understood the lame, worn out joke you were trying to make.
Ok I sort of see what you are saying but first thing I read was accounts set up for day trading which I am not.
The show's gotten away with more than the Chinese Govt.


Where can SP be streamed rn?
congrats if you held
[deleted]
It’s OP imo
What a retard move
The people that show up in your feed are the most likely to like you back. Basically the algo’s way of saying this is your league. Happens to me too 😔
You are correct
Anyone else getting their shiny new iPhone tomorrow 😁
That's what I was curious about, thinking about buying December calls
Love how DIS is trading higher than a year ago on 120% lower EPS and 30% decrease in revenue with pretty tough road ahead and they popped after hours. 

They are still riding high on the PFE news too.
Lol... no ... Imagine buying this POS instead of NIO, XPEG, LI, even GRGW.
it may come sooner than you think. my 2 week old 2yr leaps leaps already printing 50% gains
I wanna kick it
Nah that shit only up 50% while the NIO I got in the same time got up 300%+
Hell yeah! Hahahahah now it alll makes sense. Shit dude if I had pdt removed I would do this all day.
[deleted]
literally that's a straddle lol..
Tell that to people in JCP lol
[deleted]
It's a gambling addiction but people don't feel like they're gambling.
[deleted]
Factorial don’t count here in WSB
Think aqua man but a little thinner
PLTR gon moon
It disturbs me that if I see a news headline I come here to see if it’s legit or not
[deleted]
What stock
Crunchwrap supremes are still good
Yup. Just a matter of time before it becomes the next stock that Reddit retards invest in and ballon it to the moon
Anyone else cringe when a so called stock expert that is a Boomer talk about gaming and tech? Bro, you are stumbling over words.  I don't believe a single word that comes out of your mouth.  You don't game, you don't understand the culture and what drives demand.  You are out of your league.
I would say the vaccine pump shows how large the appetite is for boomer stocks. Might not be a bad idea to buy a leap second half of winter.
How tf did the Titans suck so much so fast
[deleted]
I'm holding these till the end so we will see. I'm thinking IV crush will send this right back down to -99%
Bleeds???? Go look at the chart it has been between $10.5 and $12 for like 2 weeks with one day hitting $13. This is a war of attrition between shorts and longs.

Only reason it is this low is because it went down with the market right before elections when everyone was panic selling or going to cash. It was at $15 before that.

About 600k more shares were purchase by institutional buyers recently with info disclosed on 11/10.

Fair value is at least $20 without squeeze.  Market just hasn't realized it yet.
And now OSTK is at 53, if that tells you anything
2 shay
I feel that. Sometimes it's actually better just to loose all your money than to miss out.
Did grandma leave you 8 figures?
This is what happens when you smoke good weed....if you spend less and grab some reggie, you would have more to spend on trades nice gains tho
Buy more at the top like I did today. What can go wrong
He didn’t actually do that. Put premiums are going to be 400$ at best, he would need to sell like 1,000 contracts. In order to sell 1,000 contracts he needs to have the cash collateral of 1,000 contracts x 100 shares per contract x like 20$ per share, so $2 million (if he did it all at the same time)

He could have potentially split it up so hes not selling 1000 contracts all at once, at best hed be able to split it up into like 3 chunks of gains, 333 contracts each, still requiring like $700k collateral
If it's spy, instantly....other stuff could be tricky....also if you take something close to the bell, the bid-ask will open up as liquidity dries up
I just bought my first leaps. Can't wait to be printing money in 2 years!
Well done!
[deleted]
Yea, thats kind a only reason, but there is so much shady staff / scams happening with that stocks! Africas market is big, just the question is are this guys gonna be the one! But for a short term I wanted it above 17/18, because I have to free some cash, my trading account got beaten a lot! Also I have 2 stocks that I am bag holding! In my opinion RKT is safer bag that this this company
HE AIN'T FUCKING SELLING!!!!!
I'm long shares, +8% so far. =)
The gains feel pretty real genuine and healthy
Hate the fucking name. But, it actually looks decent.
Y’all are sleeping on PLTR. sry
Those are Gucci pinstriped pants
[deleted]
Can any IB user chime in on how much you actually pay in comissions and fees per month?
EU gang
“American” like Elon Musk? 

https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1833226/priscilla-chan-mark-zuckerberg-wife-facebook-children-married/
U forgot it was priced in
Also non existent!
Baba been going sideways for like 3 days I've held out hope but they keep getting bad news
Please yes because I bought the dip
[deleted]
I have 1/15 $20 calls. I’d rather take my profits while I have them and roll it into further dates, but I guess I’ll decide tomorrow
Just ur search history
Thanks bud
Yeah, also when I don’t work out.
LMAO this is so WSB it's ridiculous
No kidding. The famed short squeeze that is always just around the corner
Exactly. MM have been pumping the markets to draw in new blood, er, investors ;) and they’re about to wreck all the noobs who think they know the market because they bought in over the past 6-7 months
?
Old school
Your almost there dad... one more trade
[https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYkMXZxRm2HuDWiV50uGx9Hxt2j\_87LhM](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYkMXZxRm2HuDWiV50uGx9Hxt2j_87LhM)

This guys has a lot of great tutorials for Fidelity
Well yes but point is don’t pick shares you aren’t comfortable holding just cuz the premium is good. 

I tried this with uvxy, didn’t work.
Think if you had bought 10 of them
Perfect stupidity or OUT
I flipped a coin and bought 0dte spy calls at 3:58 today on my extra-tard side account
You’re supposed to do cc on non volatile stocks you could lose money if it goes down bigly
Haha yeah that was my other question. What’s a fuck ton? I was wondering how long it would take something like 50 or more to sell.
 both. their CEO is a nutcase, like the wework guy
I have $27 NIO leaps that shit is set but I will sell 5 mins before market close right before earnings
Gia Derza
I’ve been shaving ever since I watched wolf of Wall Street
[deleted]
I don't really follow sports but as an options addict in quarantine, I expect sports gambling to be at a relative peak despite fewer games due to Covid. For that reason, I believe DKNG will surprise tomorrow.
It’s a gamble and some people are going to lose their ass when they buy at the top and it corrects or the big money sells
Control Theory, hands down
Hinge is awful. All I get are trannies, girls that look like trannies, and full blown dudes. I even have it set to women only. I just want to find me a nice girl that resembles Melanie Rios.
Yeaaaaaa. Learn RSI and support and resistance levels and you’ll be amazed at what you can do. Leave macd, bb’s, and all that other shit for the simps
Been so long since I watched that episode, gonna rewatch it now lol. My fav part is when cartman gives butters a “Hitler”
You fidelity login is in the corner
6x + 9b = $69
Anyone playing draft kings casino? Just downloaded it bc I don’t watch sports
Yea PLTR was the good play rught
Truly suprisingly that’s what makes him make more money than me sometimes
Dumb luck. Friend has worked there for years. I bought so I could tell him I owned him, as a joke. 

Funniest joke ever
Holy shit. The writeups about that car are definitely not inspiring.
>The same public health experts that told trump that masks weren't effective and lockdowns were fear mongering?

In the very beginning? Yes. Turns out experts can change their minds about best practices as more information comes in.

I swear Trump kept quoting the CDC saying masks weren't effective, like 1 day into the pandemic, for 7 months straight as literally everyone shouted to wear masks and published data on their effectiveness.

RePuBs EaT tHaT sHiT uP ThO
Yeah but that’s exactly what covered calls are for. Mitigating downside
Nio
CSP might be a good idea but will need to see where IV ends up tomorrow. Right now it’s 188% but I suspect it’ll get crushed tomorrow
[deleted]
Sir this is a casino not a gay pretty boy forum
Yea I wish I did. Haven’t made any plays recently; been busy with school
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
im really hoping its green so I can offload these stupid $15 and $16 11/13 calls..
now that we got our laugh from SOLO's  car on there website. check out FSR fiskers vehicle [https://www.fiskerinc.com/](https://www.fiskerinc.com/) NOT BAD.
Thank you for your sacrifice
Ya, shave
Your friend is a degenerate
[deleted]
Better to wait for a direction to be known jump in with a fuck ton of contracts and jump out after 10-20 mins......or hold it and roll the dice
You'll be ok bro. Just give it some time.
That would be nuts. Imagine people getting cucked forever on Nio between the 55-60 range thinking it'll keep mooning. Ah the good ol days running condors on AMD making consistent money.
That is so much worse than I thought it would be lmaooo

Edit: it doesn’t even have fucking cupholders
Hell no. It is a shit company. Many big tech companies will not do business with them so they are already killing alot of revenue potential.
Ah, another man who bought RKT calls, or was that just me
Haha a modest profit but I’m looking for a re entry point once it’s in the single digits, this is a fantastic stock for swing trading
Give me the scoop
How long is ur fukin beard?
Or holding the shares should they dip below the price u bought em for.
Anyone playing PRPL?
>Perfect so everyone here can spend their NIO earnings on it.
I swear to god I read that as "bear connoisseurs" and got so confused throughout your story.
750! > 10,000
Ouch
Beats being lower upper lower class
The point isn't that Steven's Point WI, or Terre Haute IA, or Pickens SC are particularly exciting places to live, it's that there are a lot of places in the country with good jobs and inexpensive housing.  They just aren't going to be near cultural hotspots or cities with an exciting night life.
Thanks! :))
I think so, first EV to 1 Trilly boiii
Amazing % gain. To bad you didn't gamble more while stoned!
[deleted]
One of us, one of us
I’m referring to gas stations who’s going to be distributing the electricity not providing it
I feel like Oil Gang is going back to no gain zone.
They just got rid of all the good stuff. Bummer, used to love it.
Im in my grandmas basement, get your facts right
Wsb synth
A medium/soft boar bristle brush
Sold all my NIO FDS at close and changed to puts. Your welcome NIO call holders it should moon.
OP must be new
If you french fry when you're supposed to pizza, you're gonna have a bad time
Bring on the roller coaster!  Put your hands in the air and say "weeeeeeee".   Have cash on hand and buy the dip!
Right aspen. Classic 👍👍👍
Oh man I would lose my fucking mind on a sideways day
Nice ironing board grandpa
Lol someone will prob buy it before I get a chance
only 750! we need to see 10,000%
Too many of you all have NIO calls expiring tomorrow. Shits gonna open up blood red.
When is this NIO train gonna crash?

I should've FOMO'd into it instead of buying PLTR at 13.50 

I would have 10k instead of breaking even

Watch me buy calls tm and crash it
Imagine living your whole life scared of trying delicious things because you don’t want to taste something bad. Enjoy the good things in life and try not to eat shit
And here you are.

Welcome.
hey it me your buddy
Hiding? I think you meant holding. In which case yes you’re right. Everything is actually worse than it was in March yet people think it’s only up from here lmao. I got far otm 12/18 p*** just in case it takes a bit longer for people to realize what’s happening and jump ship. The past 6-7 months has been one big bull trap
[removed]
[deleted]
Fuck Australia
The river doesn't flop, it rivers
Haha I figured but wasn’t sure. Haven’t played 0dtes.
This is a chinese ev subreddit
Strike?
When is expiration ?
Works until it doesn’t
Doesn’t matter. Shit has been drilling since October. Poor play.
I’m going stocks for long. This thing has a lot of potential
Covered calls aren’t retarded assuming you don’t actually mind selling the shares.
It seems to have set 13 as support. Thinking about going back in. You must have made a killing last time.
I workout with a boner every time
[deleted]
what was your reasoning for being the stock? i believe in it long term b/c it's the only direct way to be in african consumer market, which is undeniably growing. i work in ghana and the cities are growing like crazy. maybe it takes a couple years, but africans aren't gonna be the only people who don't shop online.
[deleted]
This is a misconception of the company that they are working to clarify. They're writing about it here: https://medium.com/palantir/palantir-is-not-a-data-company-palantir-explained-1-a6fcf8b3e4cb
I’ve avoided NIO this whole time I’m so dumb
Will NIO be the first stock to go to infinity
Holy shit there’s so many fucking idiots in this sub now
Zoom is such a retarted company to buy calls for
This guy has puts
Less of a scam than NKLA.
This is it bub
That’s funny dude. It looks exactly like mine, 91% Tesla
Few people understand this yet, but the way to play this is not ETFs of the metal.  Its playing the Miners who are leveraged to the price of the metal.  As the metal price goes up, the profits of the miners go exponentially higher.  I'm at $420K in Silver Miner LEAPS and $350K in Silver/Gold Junior mining shares.  Silver at $50 puts me at $5M+ easily.
Any beard connoisseurs on here?

I grew one during Qurantine pretty successfully. But now it’s long enough to where every morning it’s pretty matted, and the only thing that fixes it is a shower. This is usually fine, but sometimes I shower in the night and would rather not shower in the morning to save time. Any workarounds?
[deleted]
Ya mean da 35 0dte is no good here?
Look up "you're gonna have a bad time" south park
Silo gang wya?
NIO: Tomorrow. And the next day, and the next day...
heffer titties
No one had dug deep into their financials lmao staying away. Their battery swapping infrastructure will not work outside of China. Everyone else is already focused on super charging and autonomous driving. NIO is too focused on battery swaps. Reminds me of blockbuster.
Yeah man. It was hard. And most of the stocks coming back to previous levels anyway.
LOL NICE
Thanks
Anyone else’s Dick get really small after they workout
Ivanka trump
Puts and charmin ultra soft
This is actually pretty interesting. Forgot to consider the “Totalitarian regime” perspective
[deleted]
My friend is up 500% on nio calls and isn’t cashing out
What covered call strategies do yall like the best with good premium returns? I have about $14k I want to play, was looking at PLTR. How retarded is this?
Dem ZEBRAs doe
People are tired of this shit, old man. With responsibility, comes sacrifice. The two are not mutually exclusive.
[deleted]
I went there a few months ago after like 10 years. Gots taco box. I thought it was alright.
[deleted]
[deleted]
100%  between record covid cases and no stimulus, spy puts should print.  Alot of states are already near max capacity for hospitals.
Shit slaps. You give me a taco 12 pack I’ll give you sloppy toppy
OSTK did 2.5 -> 120 in 3 months. NIO needs to pick up the pace! What a lager.
Withdrawal to your bank account and thank me later
JMIA
Nah we use the same system as the retards on this sub, our wife's have multiple boyfriends.
You do but read up on Day Trade Buying Power - https://www.mypivots.com/dictionary/definition/7/day-trade-buying-power-dtbp.

Let's say you have $2k in Cash.  You would start the day with $8k of DTBP.  Even if you sell your puts it DOESNT increase the DTBP. So you could only spend $8k on new purchases that day even if you have more money in your account.  The DTBP doesn't increase intraday even if you make a profit on those sales.

Anything held overnight reduces your DTBP.  Dont get screwed like I did.  It is an arcane rule but can hurt a ton.
Yes, watch some videos. Play as if it’s real.
Yes
FSR been on my radar.
Joe Mama
[deleted]
Steve buscemi (did you know he was a firefighter)
Happens too fast or you jump out prematurely
NIO
"...business proposition for you, bee-bay"
352 - WTF - die a dignified death and stop bleeding out🌈🐻
yes
since electric cars are fueled by electron transport, Exxon is to the internal combustion engine as your local electrical utility provider is to electric motors.
I am pretty sure the ER is tomorrow at 8 AM EST, dude. But yeah, be careful with yours too. I've been riding a relatively small position (when compared to other people on the sub) on Nio, but it's been treating me well so far. Depending on how high Nio rides up until earnings, I may/may not cash out - but I'm holding Feb calls, so things could be riskier.  


Cheers!
Wait can you pls explain the South Park reference
[deleted]
I mean, it’s not the worst idea I’ve heard so far
Low key we’re trying to abduct my homie just to make sure he cashes out his 1,000% NIO gains.
I have a heavy position in BEST hoping to ride the wave of e-commerce shipping in gyna
It will go up one day. Got a call spread for a 100% plus move before March.
That’s not hedging, that’s handing your money to MMs to watch squiggly lines.
Lol
To late to play calls on AMAT earning? or can I buy and dump tomorrow?
Stop loss
Bought puts, it’s done this before. Going to throw some bank at it
Bearish initially, bullish long term.
Link or ban
I have 55 strike nio calls with a December expiry and about six grand in it, am I good?
How do I get Siri to read the live stream comment feed on Wall Street bets page
No they make a literal fortune on selling those credits
Any way to watch Weed futures
Source?
Nothing about this market is healthy, lol. It’s why I’m here
And yet PFE go down
Ok, now you got it
Also how do you draw equities markets participants looking at one another? Would the US equities market be a red stick figure and the Chinese equity market be a blue one? 

Also are you saying Elon is a fraud?!
There will be a moment tomorrow where people realize hiding through the weekend might be March level dumb.
[deleted]
Ivanca trump.
Luna Skye
Yes sir
People have been wearing masks though and it clearly came back still
All my homies NIO calls expire tomorrow
Good job man! I think at this week I’m only up 20% on the year. Fml.
all their earnings are reported in non GAAP. definitely skewed
DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO, YOU FUCKING!
Do people still like Taco Bell? Have t been there since college
Man, I'm thinking 300C next month lol
Why is it green? Isn't it supposed to be red like mine?
They put a big tit blonde on the homepage. This company is going to the moon.
Long time from now, some states will do their own before then, seeing that now
Thanks poop taxi, inc.
If we can get to like $51 before 7:30 I'm selling my $50C and waiting for Monday to see if I load up on $40P for 11/20
Speaking of math — what kind of genius mathematician came up with the formula to calculate the VIX?

https://www.investopedia.com/articles/active-trading/070213/tracking-volatility-how-vix-calculated.asp
Jerome Powell
Do you guys hedge your spy 0dte calls with puts or vice versa? In theory if spy starts moving in either direction, exit the position that’s losing before it goes really negative?
Like a miracle, like your portfolio, it'll disappear.
Earnings on the 18th. Q2 - .75 est 1.20 report. 

Last Q earning was 1.2B and they currently have a MC of 2.8B 

Depends how far out you went
Damn bruh white missed a hanging bishop
Omae wa mou shindeiru
[deleted]
I bought UPS calls out to Feb to cover next earnings after holidays right after they reported a solid beat last earnings, ofc been bleeding out since
[deleted]
[deleted]
Triggered
I write them, then YOLO into FDs.  
If my underlying goes south and I can't make decent premiums doing covered calls at the strike I was assigned, I will then go full retard and and just write an ATM covered call.

Once I get assigned away, I then take the cash and do more conservative FD (10% OTM, as opposed to 15-20%).
Apparently they don't even have to do crash tests on them because they're technically classified as motorcycles. Lmao you would get destroyed by a fucking prius in that thing
Either one
I will sell you $69 call for $4.20. I will open it up tomorrow.
That wasn’t a crash LOL
10 - 10:15
At least you made me laugh out loud
That’s my WiFi password
I heard she puts out.
[deleted]
The bears are *angry*
Game Grumps?
milf lisa ann
Yes, sir. QQQ and VTI to the moon after lockdown announcement
Been balls deep since late October. Already all in.
Sideways
Weird everybody loves Chinese car companies and stocks, but PDD has been mooning and nothing from WSB.
The question was what are my moves tomorrow and that’s my answer.
Haven’t heard anyone talking about spy p*** for a bit. Makes me pretty confident in mine
I keep winning every bet I make on fucking DraftKings but I’m only playing with like 10-20 bucks at a time because I don’t want to “gamble” to much. Meanwhile I’m losing hundreds buying up OTM options because it doesn’t “feel” like gambling as much. Fml
Jackie Chan?
Sorry man. I am hoping he pulls through 🙏
When virus cases started jumping in July, we were quickly able to bring them down by wearing masks and paying attention to social distancing without shutting things down. We can again if we really try.
Yeah, same thought process here. Funny thing is that I was down like, 90% and threw the rest on a FSLR earnings yolo. I hope you can manage to make some money back and that it wasn't money you couldn't afford to lose.
[deleted]
i legit laughed out loud seeing them haha
Are club members doing the tickling or being tickling?
Let’s go Colts!
My E*TRADE account showed -$9,000,000 yesterday. It’s glitched before and I knew it was fake, but it still made my butt clench
SBE?
Elizabeth Harmon is bae.
Yup. You can certainly do that. All depends on how long you wanna ride. If you buy a bunch of calls maybe you sell most of them at premium just before and hold onto a couple for after earnings  just in case it jumps. Up to you my man!
GUH
Good point. I got a 6% interest rate, but I figure I can make a lot more in the market.  I think we are in favorable conditions to borrow money (dollar getting weaker due to stimulus), so I do plan on paying it back.
Futes suck tonight. What da fuq man, I don't sell options, I buy em. Move bitch.
Go back to r/smallstreetbets
What’s dkng hittin tomorrow?
ill come back to clown you if you're wrong.
Mark Weins

if you're talking about food
I think my girl has mesothelioma but I don’t love her yet how do I tell her about this lawyer ad on TV
Crash was Monday bruh
Your mom
Mind the uniform. I plan on wearing it...
Long pltr 
Short nio
Reminder. Don't fuck with the 🐭
Johnny sins
Yeah man you can have my wife after her boyfriend dumped his load already. ZM is yesterday's milf
G4??
[deleted]
If I can afford it I would
Since most you retards gon lose money anyways just buy me a ps5
Lmfaoooo who in the fuck
yes
Yeah but u ate them before you could even draw such a thing :(
wym?? where you been this past year?

this is bullish
I got your sarcasm.
You will be remembered tard. ❤️
lmao this dude lists the top 5 talking points of every short squeeze autist while their beloved retard stock bleeds every day down to its accurate valuation of $6/share
If you got in a crash at 20 mph in that you’re gonna get squeezed like a toothpaste tube. Who the fuck would spend money on that thing
Why tf no one selling $69 NIO calls? I’m here to gamble
I don’t disagree entirely. Without saying much more some of these other Chinese EV companies are growing alongside NIO. Perhaps NIO has the spotlight today, but the EV market and Chinese EV companies as well as Tesla, who has some pretty special ownership exceptions in China, will be growing the EV market in China. Once the market continues to mature I think we’ll see things more clearly. My reply wasn’t targeted at NIO as an individual, but general enough to apply to other companies even retroactively. 

TLDR; EV gonna be big in Gyna
Been buying since $6 too. Been a sick year
Bailey Jay
I've got a sizeable position already, hoping for the rational outcome.

Their sales are solid.
B O G G E D
kek who plays the staunton gambit?

&#x200B;

and you know that Bd6 was a misclick, should have been Be7. Even after giving you a free piece still made it a game
[deleted]
A second wave was predicted and people are acting like it’s new news
When all the people who hopped onto the bandwagon last time hop off. Probably 19 or 20
>Because they took profits and watched it continue mooning
Chinese EV bears are so sour that they didn’t clean house like the rest of us over the past few days.

Get over it, the bear suck agaiiiin, move along nothing to see here. 

NIO 69c right fuckin now
Did you end up doing it? Looking pretty solid to expire worthless tomorrow for the 13s I sold
Seriously? It’s that bad
[deleted]
Just looked at the 1 year and yep...
Ffffff....
Why would you even yolo money with 500k? 

Sell weekly covered calls and live like a king using the premium 🤷‍♀️
Ticked off Vic, love this guy.
Yeah. I started when I was like 20k down from yolos. Almost back even now, it’s a lot slower but much safer
I feel less bad about my tech losses and buying the top
WTF, that has to be the most autistic shaped car I have ever seen
Once you buy
Wo bu zai hu.  Ni hui pei qian de
bro covid isn't even real lmao
Ron Jeremy
Fuck I really hope we get back to 330 so I can sell puts to all you retards and chill
[deleted]
"im a quantitative analyst and nio will pull back a little then go to $50" -me 29 days ago
[deleted]
[deleted]
Being worried on BABA leaps is like being scared the sun won’t shine after 2 days of rain. Jack Ma will save you, eventually.
Bumble is prime 🤩
Nio might drop a bit today. Then up on monday
🤣 literally
19*
ok boomer
Thanks brother. This is true help here. Not like the rest of the people on here “NIO 🚀”
[deleted]
[deleted]
This.
[removed]
With what money?
[deleted]
when will shitcoin drop
January 2022 calls if you can get a deal tomorrow
[deleted]
“Asian markets retreat as global economy appears likely to take another COVID hit”

Bearish.
No
I agree, it’s like scoring points in a video game. I have plenty of money, it’s about winning
Do you have any reason or are you just talking out your ass.

Coincidentally i got out today, but I’m interested to hear your reasons
Yolo it is
Pltr
Thank you for your sacrifice
Yeah I mean you’re probably not really going to notice a marked difference at first. I was against buying one at first and then I said fuck it Tuesday night. Got super lucky with getting one from target at 2am.
Maybe, keep in mind this is just a wild guess...

It’s not political? 

Retard.
Yup
I automatically assume anyone using the term boomer seriously is under the age of 16
That’s for the foresight into the future, Nostradouche bag.
He checks the loser part perfectly fine, so he belongs
😝👺👺👹😛
But it don’t lose money.
Betcoin is the ventilator to the dying covid patient that is my portfolio
I'm gonna sell covered calls on it. Its not as bullish as YOLO FDs but its something i want to get into. Hopefully its low early in the morning so i can buy a dip.
[deleted]
Thank you for your sacrifice
Fuck dunno if it’s a good thing or a bad thing seeing my main position here. But I’m in uvxy as well.
Why tf is no one selling $69 calls? I’m here to gamble
Google translation is fun
[deleted]
First put I’ve ever purchased that is going green. Bought $16c 11/20 when it pumped the other day on vaccine news. After Rona news of the first cruise in the Caribbean, I’m guessing CCL sees $14 again.
[deleted]
Thank you for your sacrifice
Congratulations and fuck you!
I’m sorry, I don’t speak italics.
$amat calls printing tomorrow? Super bullish ER w/ guidance but not much AH movement
Unless you’re short, like me. 4’9” to be exact.
my man

I went long on UVXY yesterday and am already rollin
You’re being protected from being destroyed. You think users around here seem to lose their ass often messing with options? The losses would be greatly accelerated if just anyone tried to out-trade the algos. It also commonly involves using margin so they need collateral.
I've also been eyeing them for about a month. I liked their last er too.
I’ve got both. Hedging my nio with tsla, big brain time
Well... thanks for posting, anyway.
If you cannot aford to put aside enough to get your company match then you need to take a hard look at your spending.  That or make more money.
[deleted]
Someone’s puts got burnt
NIOs hitting peak retard acclamation. Time to buy puts
Biden won't be making any big moves before running policy through blue ribbon committees. He won't start his 100 day presidential honeymoon by inflicting widespread pain.
Checked that, ty 
Will try to find exit out of that stock
NIO from $3.18 to $49.50 in 6 months... seems like some real genuine healthy growth
There wont be a short squeeze man. Youre gonna watch it all bleed away. get out now
Nope.
I have cash in my account but I also get the money back the same day I sell using TD Ameritrade.
But it don’t make money.
Lemme get my gf, Elizabeth Harmon. Idk if you’ve heard of her💅🏼
!remind me to come laugh in 12 hours
Kung pao chicken
The same public health experts that told trump that masks weren't effective and lockdowns were fear mongering?

dems eat that shit up tho. trump killed 200k+ people. literally hitler
Maybe it’s because it’s ... real.
👍
Just hold sqqq
y r u speaking noodles
GUH
[deleted]
Sold my Celsius call this morning for $2.50, felt like a boss, proceeded to go to $7
Chinese EV companies are such scams. Stop trading that shit.
Congrats!
Wait for the initial crash THEN buy qqq
Never pull on anything coming out of your dogs ass you can severely injur them
Bruh the algos match you with similiar chicks, its like sbmm
I need to fuck w spy more. It’s super 50:50 but damn if I had like 10-20 of them bitches 😤
Until it isn’t. Though there isn’t much time left in 2020 so maybe you’re right
That guy sliced up my butt. He’s no joke and neither is that penis he calls a knife.
Do we love vaccine pumps because we're all autistic or are we all autistic because we got vaccinated?
Such a great movie! Gotta watch this again soon!
Don’t listen to this guy
[deleted]
[deleted]
lol this might sound lame af in this sub but your credit score shouldn’t be fucked with. It’s all fun and games until you can’t move out of your parents basement, can’t get anyone to co-sign on your loan, or get a job because you fucked with your credit score.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jo4n9t/puts\_on\_nigerian\_scam/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jo4n9t/puts_on_nigerian_scam/)
Yup.
Pssh I don’t have balls that big. I would guess low 50s at least but then again that’s why you should buy the options. It could close at 30 come earnings but maybe you flip the contract just before at a premium. That’s the beauty - plenty of time until expiration on this trade heading into earnings.
But it don’t lose money either
[deleted]
1-0

[https://chess.org/play/8132740b-003d-4b4f-9d02-680ee5792355](https://chess.org/play/8132740b-003d-4b4f-9d02-680ee5792355)

Can someone good play me this time?
[deleted]
Weird virus numbers are going up. I thought we did it.. Joe won. Why keep pumping the Covid at this point?

Is it bc  trump is still in office and might not leave?
Anyone watching SOLO? Up 28% today on EV hype with 40M volume. No way this shit doesn't tank, look at these clown [cars](https://electrameccanica.com/)
Reply to this comment if you would like to join my private butthole tickling club
Protip: shares don't expire
Joe doesn't have a plan. His "plan" is to defer to public health experts.

What an idea.
[deleted]
$CUK
So January
Dividend coming soon
Ok guys let’s brainstorm which stock is the next NIO.
USA! USA! USA!
[removed]
What's the play if I were to enter now?
[deleted]
Yea tencent is a major shareholder of reddit, a CCP backed company who made wechat
Any autists actually quit their job after making banks from stocks? If so how much?
Tech future is green cause of NIO and no one can't denied it. NIO  to 💰$💯💰 🏦 that...
WoW!
I didn’t take 97% gains on AMD this morning and felt like a fucking drooling retard when it shot back down to 48% 🤪🤑 stonks only go up!
I look at mine every day
Ok. Get up at 7am est and read the news feeds. Then, check futures. Then Look at 1 min, 5 min, 15 min charts history in past weeks. Look at months and then the year chart 1hr Then look at what it’s been doing on particular days of trading. Up days, down days. Look and see if it correlates to a particular ETF. 

See what the trends it’s tied to have been doing. Then judge the range it will trade in. 

You should be watching 1minute charts for the duration that you are in the 0DTE and also watching news feeds and etfs and other trading sites and WSB and seeing what sentiment is minute to minute. Good luck.
No it’s a zoomer stock
It’s up 2000% this year and you’re really only concerned about the 12% day... and surprised by it
Must be nice
I’m sorry man, it ain’t over till it’s over though. Here’s to hoping he recovers and is back and better than ever
positions bruh
Ditch the China shit. Go with tried and true stuff like Visa, MasterCard, Apple, Microsoft. They only go up. Be ok with a 50% gain and sell, wait for a dip, and buy again. Absolutely sell at a 100% gain. Be patient with those near-guarantee stocks. Also consider selling further OTM calls to hedge.
Scared money don’t make money.
Take my upvote
Redneck Jesus bro. I bet he has donated to trumps election fight not reading the fine print that states what those funds would be used for.
True. Wild. What is anything worth? Trillions to allow people to think their house is still worth what is was in February. At the same time, allowing them to borrow on 0% interest to purchase another house. However it shakes out, we’ll see. When does it end?  The jig is up for the ‘honest days work, honest days pay’-‘penny saved, penny earned’ sentiment. Fascinated to see what happens the next few years. Cheers!
Ban.
When all WSB starts to make crazy gains on one stock it dies eventually. Like TSLA. not fuking moving up anymore.
I’m guessing intel ;)
Cannabis MSOS green
11/20 calls my dude
CHWY to the moon
[deleted]
EV stocks:

&#x200B;

[https://i.insider.com/56d0b3536e97c629008ba07c?width=1136&format=jpeg](https://i.insider.com/56d0b3536e97c629008ba07c?width=1136&format=jpeg)
Take *your fuckin* Profits!
I can hear my UPS and FDX calls printing once again
Remember when puts on KODK was like free money every day for a solid three weeks?
Anybody have secret DPI information they want to share?
I would suggest buying puts or calls. One should print.
Li has ER (hoping for a pump) tomorrow AH, all 3 of them run today because of xpev!complete EV sector is music chair atm, and you know what happens when the music stop! Solo looks decent, but its alrdy at 3pl top, its not bad lotto, just too high atm. Li/xpev/nio are decent and even if you trap yourself, u know they will comeback to that price eventually, china market vs canada! But some1 alrdy leaked LI numbers, they had 4k vehicle deliverd in 3rd quarter! Xpev did worse and still pumped the sector! So will play LI definitely tomorrow again I am autistic and plz be careful with ur money
I keep seeing people say to absolutely sell calls the day before earnings though.
Yeah buy QQQ
Why’s everyone hating on nio now? We loved it five minutes ago
I've just been day trading it because it's only a matter of time before we meme it to death
I did. UVXY long
I had 1K Nio Shares a few months ago, sold it for 4K profits, and gambled away all my profits on TSLA Battery Day.
Bet
Cincinnati suburbs probably have more good office jobs per capita than LA. More SP500 companies have headquarters outside of California, Massachusetts, Seattle, and New York than not
Girls just wanna have fun!
The Jan 2022 $300s are currently under $34.  They will be 3x by end of 2021. Buy them post haste.
There may be hope
Puts on Titans Special Teams
They are not
Ppl talking about PLTR like they did about RKT when it first came out and it worries me
I figured since ark lady bought and I hear there’s gonna be news within a month it’s gotta pop at some point. I’ll probs long the shares cause of the future potential of growth and all of the comparisons to Zillow and whatnot
Covid is real. Hoax man is ded
Thanks man. I couldn't believe a sector wide sell off so I held. Now i'm in shambles
Going back to normal, long live King QQQ
🌈 🐻 CONFIRMED.
trunp doesnt do shit. only golf
Yup.   Stepdad had $10k stuffed in an envelope, that was in a box of envelopes.    Almost threw the thing out when cleaning up.  And this was in the 70s.   Mom was happy
Don't bother with the VIX Puts.  They don't pay off.  VIX calls may work but VIX is almost the lowest it has been since Covid started.
Well, I’m afraid you have terminal autism, and there isn’t much that can be done. Take comfort in the fact that you no longer have to stress about trying to figure out what to do
All sperm is sacred - Monty Python
Why?
Holy shit that's wild
I miss the map king😔
That’s not quite fair I’ve seen a little pltr talk

Honestly because their money is in exactly the right spot. They're focusing where it matters, building a brand, and their locations will be directly in the middle of their target demographic and their pricing is acceptable. They already make ev's, but they're just going into full scale prodiction. Their first batch is going directly into 'high roi' areas like test drives, retail locations, fleet demonstrations to build hype. It looks good long term to me. I'm not saying nio energy, but I think they'll pop a bit
Lockdowns and no stimulus until January/ February 2021.  SPY going to the depths of hell between now and year end. Time to load the boat with puts and COVID WFH stocks.  CRWD, AMZN, SWBI,  SPWH, & spy weekly puts every week each week until Christmas will do for me.  See y’all at 7 figures and/or the soup line
January
Just another reminder that I made more money than SoftBank in august
Did at the end of the day 😌
All day every day baby!
To understand FINRA or the SEC, you need to think of a time before zero-commission online brokerages. For most of trading history, to execute a trade you needed a broker to do it for you, which required a fee. It's much more likely for novice traders (who will most likely have smaller accounts), to be taken advantage of and persuaded to buy/sell the same stock for no real reason, and generate a commission to the broker
Yeah if you eventually break even, you gotta stop 50% . One trade goes against u and u keep averaging down then half of ur account is wiped away
They have $2 billion in cash and a lot of strong military contracts. Hoping it gaps up.
Shut the fuck up but ironically. Buying NIO creates a snowball meme effect. We can boost literally anything with enough retard strength meme magic. Normies will come along and see this to jump in adding further onto it.
lol
[deleted]
Nope. Buy options. Make losses, shrink account, deposit more, rinse and repeat
This is the way
> Crayons are on sale at Target this week btw

good... maybe I can use them to draw you a diagram showing Chinese equities market participants looking at US equity markets wondering why they can't commit the same kind of fraud TSLA gets away with on a daily basis.
Is TSLA a boomer stock?
Why the fuck is a surfer giving me stonk advice. I only take investment advice from bhoppers.
Yup
Lh okay you’re just bisexual not full on gay
imagine working at mcdonalds for 10 years working up to store manager but getting an itch to do something different with your life. you quit, without severance, and plan to work it out before your $22,000 savings runs out. you apply at HSBC futures trading desk. they say, "can you push a button"

"yes"

"no no no... this test is very difficult. you have to push the right button. every time."

"the green one?"

"yes"

*pushes buy*

"you're hired for 3rd shift!"
I tried and lost fuck tons of money.
[removed]
Just one. Bought HD 11/20 280c for earnings next week. Watched it go in the money and back out 2 mornings in a row. Bought HD 11/13 275.5c for sell at open and had some points left over
Pretty sure he’s Jesus, turning rain water to wine.
Sorry to hear that 😞
Sir this is a casino
I’m futilely still holding on to my stagnating long dated ICLN calls because I know the moment I unload them they’ll rally like crazy
Holding AMZN calls and CHWY puts expiring tomorrow lol
wait so is grandpa joe's plan just to lockdown in jan till whenever vaccine is ready?
Why, you think the 🥭🍊China order will effect them?
Because you touch yourself
Yup
The real rug pull is the slow bleed, you never know when to buy the dip
Scared money doesn’t ~~win~~ losemoney
I’ve Amazon primed JPOW some more ink so don’t worry
Wow
Hang Seng taking a shit means Chyna EV go up right?
Nio is a luxury automaker. Quick Google indicates that the average Chinese salary is 23.7k, while an average Nio car costs 68k. 

It will take a huge cultural shift for the western world to change its perception and purchase Nio over German, American, and Japanese luxury cars. 

Not to mention that the Company has a negative gross margin. This will crash and burn.
Just a friendly warning man. Maybe take profits and let the house money ride. Maybe hold and buy puts in case I’m right. Good Luck!
Bleh split futures, does this mean kang gang 🦘 is F?
Then buy puts lol
My uncle is dying of the ‘rona, probably nothing to do about it. This shit is relentless, I hope Pfizer vax is as good as promised.
If you're giving up on TSLA to buy into NIO, you're not patriotic enough.

AMERICA NUMBER ONE!
Let’s be real yall, we don’t care about money. We just wanna have fun
[deleted]
Dude can buy a round of Frosty’s at Wendy’s. I would definitely call it quits if I were in his shoes.
Why are futures dumping so hard?
[deleted]
[removed]
How far out u buyin pltr calls? I might reload
It’s pretty crazy to call spots like Kansas City or Jacksonville as small towns. They generally have their own hip spots and trendy areas too
Most of you are too retarded to have evil thoughts let alone evil plans.
Pge. 🤡
[deleted]
I love this bot
[deleted]
Don’t worry it’ll crash the moment you buy calls
Did that weeks ago 😂 started with 500k 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
Because the big dip is not until 2024-5
Maybe he did a dove too but super famous for the bat.
States will not wait for Joe. Mass lockdowns incoming
I’ll sell it to you lmk we can do a PIPE transaction
Not if you don't pay them back ;)
His put is after earning, earning is next Tuesday
What we thinking about Tesla for tomorrow boys? Pop at open to +1% then fade into a -3% day or nah?
Get the fuck out of NIO ASAP
Marijuana MSOS
chinese name is the vibe the market like now

JKS, JD, NIO, all gonna report next week

all have potential pull a PDD like reaction 

Remember the good old day of LK?
1v1 on lockout or midship you dick in the booty ass bitch
✊✊here’s to the moon
$COCK
Oh yeah of little faith.....


Not worried about Jan Calls just 11/20 calls
BABA $300 Jan 2022 LEAPS are currently $34ish.  They will be $100 this time next year.  Buy them tomorrow morning.
🌈🐻
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**YELP**|**$26.5**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.37**|**$27.77**|**0**|**59**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfq3db1ipy60770o0cs6oxg) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ATTORNEY_FOR_CATS/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
I don’t think that’s the correct way to look at it. They were together very young and raised kids together. As kids approach adulthood it’s a very vulnerable time for marriages. Add to the fact they have more money than god and have no meaningful financial incentive to stay together and that half of marriages end in divorce anyways... they had an impressive run. I truly was rooting for them but not shocking. 

Don’t get why he left her for her though.
Definitely buying puts
[removed]
You could probably invest that disability  as well,  thanks for the tip
Trye
I have 2k to blow should I wait for rona to take over again or buy shit tomorrow
That’s mean for not telling them. 

TLT
Anyone else here write options as a legitimate strategy? Make gains, grow account, put gains into ETF’s, rinse and repeat.
About to go green
Bro that was a dove
Same. You spelled puts wrong right?
What are my moves tomorrow?  

PLTR calls, what the fuck else would I do.
Xpev is the way to go
Before we get black mirror social credit that sees we've been on this sub and docks us, at least the dirty communists will make us money.
What stonks should I buy?
Neuralink

So tesla
u/savethisvideo
Attaboy!
$FSR calls
Pangolin.
lmao the whole markets pretty much a bubble atm 

just look what happened with htz, kodk, fuckincoffee...
The worst part? They're still making tendies.
Yeah the pfizer bar being set that high scares the shit out of me. But then again they’re basically the same technology  and they’ve made deals with a lot more countries than pfizer. . . Idkkkk ur prolly right I might sell tomorrow or Monday but we’ll see. This is my first time investing and I’m super fortunate I’ve gotten this lucky.
I tuned out all the NIO talk today because I was pretty certain you guys were going to get wiped out and just didn't care. But the fucker is up 12% wtf??
S&P down .1%, bloody. lul
.17 is a big dildo for you? 

bet you are apart of "make 4'' inches big again"
You do know that space force won’t be around much longer, right?
I've been thinking of either going 11/20 or 1/15/20. I just can't decide.
what’s ur price prediction at market close for Nio Nov 20th ? think we’ll see 60$?
They’ll go balls deep in you eventually.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Thinking of getting out of the game

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt9rkz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt9rkz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/industriousness, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
industriousness
OverpricedBagel
ROO-FI-O
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I hope they're the right classes, philosophy ain't it
Can we get Chinese EV futures. That shit would be lit every night.
Up 2k this week but I know I can get that lower tomorrow! Hopefully market opens green so my 11/13 puts fuck my portfolio which they make up 100% of
Same I was hopeful it would plummet to $10 after er but I’ll take what I can get now
Pussy ass bitch
Same 😣
I thought you broke the 150k level on your rh :(
... have never before ...
Yeah, lockdown light though
Tech green? all is right again
Worst stock of all time
I've never really understood the idea of "free riding".

I closed the god damned trade; settle me out **NOW**.

What are we?  ...still living in the 1900s?

Same thing with options.  If OTM options buyers are immediately stopped out of their trade at 4:30pm EST, why the fuck am I, as an option writer, on the hook for **HOURS** after the market has closed?
Oh fuck how did I not see this before, Ozzy Osborne started this whole fuckin mess!!!
Flawless plan
pepehands
[deleted]
IV suggests a 10% swing either way. I’m jacked to the titsssss in calls
Uh wuht
[deleted]
[deleted]
The put expires after earnings so he has some chance
Can you just text me when you do something and I'll do it too. We win together and we lose together.
Futures drilling hard only tech can save us now.
Futures for the 3 index’s will be green soon
Wishing you luck and happiness.  🇨🇳
Isn’t that when joe gets in?
it's random? but it makes patterns? what in tarnation
Can I buy calls on calls?
I'm just eating the rest of my halloween candy. Little pussy children didn't show up this year.
Sigh. Fuck I feel bad for bears. Dancing, celebrating, memeing. Jesus, it’s cringe. RIP brothers.
🎉 finally broke 150k 📈 covid cases per day 🎉

🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲 #1 🥰 

🦠🚀
1 week at most
😭😭🤣🤣🤣
Yeah. Why buy shares straight away? If you are too impatient for LEAPs, you could sell some weekly CSPs, get some immediate return, and push your entry price down.
Same jealousy kills me now but I will have the final laugh! Hahaha
Prob not tho
Yes but that's the game. Don't fall into the idiot pump traps.
Shit is too hot right now to buy and hold. Buy the Nov 20 $50 calls and thank us on earnings day
Lol how many tho
Just rotate into stocks that do well with lock down - Nflx, Zm, Pton, Roku, Tgt, Wmt, Cost etc. Puts on SPY may work but hard to say as the Big 5 may keep it up as other stocks sell off.

VIX is almost at a low since Covid started so don't know how likely this is.
Now you go
People said a lot of things in April.
Oh shit I was gonna get in on puts but seeing all these salty dingoes is giving me tesla hives so calls again it is.
NASDAQ has the green dildos AH. Looks like big tech will win again.
No chance a partnership with PFE is announced but this company seems like it has potential.
[deleted]
Hell I’m going full portfolio into spy puts 11/20. I did same thing today with 11/13 was up 255% before 3:)
Bwahahahahahaa!
[deleted]
NIO NIO NIO
Its "been the top" for the past 3 days ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
[deleted]
covered calls are for boomers 🤡
Bull spread
Five 5/21/21 20c and 300 shares at 18.50
El Jefferey playing the long Game.  I like it.
The market is 100% rigged...
Why would you jump in if they’re shit?
who else buying the lockdown announcement dip?
Oh it will be lmao. But I ain’t no full time bear.
it's nio isn't it
I can't wait to see NIO gang wiped out by next month latest.
NIO open gap up to 50+ pls
Haha, sounds par for the WSB course. Any reason you're going with LI instead of XPEV/NIO?
yea this is sum poor DD, cruises have known to cut losses by employing poor 3rd world workers. the only cash burn is the ship itself when its docked. 

and always sum old fkers that want to cruise from retirement to death
this is not the way
60c 11/20 bitch
Yeah I know the feeling.  Made one light political comment and got a 35 day ban.   Watched from the sidelines while the rules went out the fucking window.    I'm not bitter.
NIO was applauded for doing 4.7k deliveries in sept. Meanwhile Tesla’s doing 150k and pulling big dick energy into 2021. NIO is the Walmart version of Tesla. Give it time before they’re busted for some accounting “errors” and sky high margins.
Nah we need a nice crash so the rebound next week will slingshot us into ATH
Y'all better get in on PFE while it's down.
Mine doesn't reflect how rich I *feel*
COVID has cost $16 trillion dollars due to business shutdowns.
Hard to believe how true this is, yet here we are. Together
Going balls deep on PLTR shares. Already have some spreads which got raped by earnings but I'm long. PLTR will be $40 by end of 2021
Should have added tard to the end for 9 less
Better be puts lol
Bloody futures except tech. Dow rug pull tomorrow?
flip a coin hammerhead
I bought $2p on nio back when it had an ER last year or whenever it was around that price and made a quick 100% and since then have managed to go broke. My dumbass shoulda just bought and forgot.
You almost hurt my feelings.
Is She a CS major?
Shit ev company that makes little single seater ev's. Expanding into USA, putting a lot of cash into building up advertising, 6 physical locations mostly in Cali. And they're like 5/share.
chance of election outcome changing
Mine looks the same, minus the rebound at the end.
Spoiler alert - it can't.  PCR tests above 35 should be punishable by death.
Nice
Why not indeed
Fair enough. I wish I had more capital now to throw at it
When the rona fux tho everything goes red except zoom. This smells like weak bullshit red to me or boomers remembering they like apple better than American airlines all of a sudden.
Love it. It keeps me going.
If they were cookin books I would expect the numbers to be a lot better than they are reporting lmao
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/caput.asp
[deleted]
I believe it.  We are in lock down mode soon and BABA is just keep  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 .
How would you play it?

I gained some, and placed a covered call to lock in some gains
You don't pick your fds. Your fds pick you.
11/13 spy 363c
PFE 40c 12/18 (we’ll all be vaccinated by then)

ICLN 23c 4/16/21 (for the 420 run up, obvious play)

PLTR 21c 5/21/21 (I liked that it went 21 then 21 haha)

NOK 5c 1/20/23 (they will merge with Ericsson in 2022 to fight Samsung and Huawei for a 5g build out on Africa, I will retire off this news)

SLV leaps (to combat global warming we will use silver to reflect light back at the sun, it’s part of green new deal)

PBW Shares (it has power right there in the name)
How do I deposit this into Robinhood
[deleted]
Ah so you’re at a fab.... take them stock options
What’s your timeframe? How long you want to hold for?
Interest rates of 6 - 20%. 👎
Buy in now or wait for a dip?
I read your comment with Sarah McLachlan’s “Angel” playing softly in the background
CSCO? That's the stupidest thing I've ever seen.
Bristol bay permits are 165 grand right now https://dockstreetbrokers.com/permits/alaska-permits
Well said
All these autists getting NIO gains are making me sick! 😤 buying NIO puts at open
Exactly
This is character building
Fuck it adding another 200 shares tomorrow
Aight I’m literally about to YOLO 3k-4K on 0dte SPY options tomorrow morning. What’s the META? I need tips.
I'm currently down quite a bit more...  
[https://imgur.com/a/ygUl8LN](https://imgur.com/a/ygUl8LN)
Only reason I disagree is because not all options come in lots of 100. If you decided to do that for all options you'd overstate. Of course if you want to do that you can, of course.

E: Let me correct myself. If you were to do this you would *divide*, not *multiply* the lot size. If it were per share, right, you would divide it by 100 not multiply.
Some people keep losing money with this thinking.
1000 shares @ $15, rip
SPY going up tomorrow? Got fucked today
Good shit. Not hating on the trade but I would take profits when you can. They’re tech is the same as Pfizer’s vaccine and the fact that Pfizer is beating them on a competing platform is scaring the shit out of Bancel. Moderna is set to release its data read out after Pfizer just set the bar at 90%! Moderna will either not hit this mark or will fudge the numbers trust me I know this company... take the money. You can ride it out a little longer if you like but you’ve been warned
Someone eating a bat lead to my crippling gambling addiction, life is a movie
nah
Take out 31% for taxes
I've held shares since ipo day (I'm in at 27.50 per)
Makes perfect sense, wym? Rona bro 😎
Lol not a paper account. Will post entire contract tomorrow.
NIO
Same, $0 in cash and in trading accounts
What’s ur elo
please help a brother out.... which one?
The market isn't rigged however you can't react emotionally to the market.

Well you gotta act before the market reacts the time to buy PLTR was a month ago. Now Wallstreetbets is pumping it and screwing themselves.
[deleted]
The put call ratio is so high (2.0) because big boys swept them. It’s not me or this sub buying them that hard lol
Yolo stocks or options ?
You didn’t wanna buy the put til at least after earnings?
What could it mean?
I don't NIO what you mean
Well said
Please don’t waste it
Shares or options? What’s your entry?
[deleted]
So like 3 cents due to inflation.
Luv  not to Luv.    Makes sense!
The best part about this is that I was getting these exact comments on this sub back in May when I loaded up on BABA January calls while Trump was ranting about anti China 

+1200%
Cash gang lost buying power last week.
Why should I not go balls deep on long dated SPY puts?
Fuking ZM saved me from $ROPE.
That'll teach you
Why doesn't Elon Musk simply eat the smaller EV companies?
F
Marjorie taylor greene
anyone else gonna yolo on FSR? LOL god im so retarded i love it
It's going slowly, more like a whoopie cushion
Retard
[https://chess.org/play/ecff51a6-686c-4203-9ad3-074cb8286d32](https://chess.org/play/ecff51a6-686c-4203-9ad3-074cb8286d32)

Any of you retards think youre smart? let me whoop you in chess real quick. 5 min per person
Calls on puts
Asian Musk
wait, you guys have lawyers?
Honest work lmfao I see the homeless guy on the corner flex more gains then that retard
Classic Jpow trying to get more bear tears.
Oh god he’s gonna get fucked on that one
This guy gets it 

Materials or electrical side?
It hurts bro. I'm labeled :(
$0
Don’t do shares. Do LEAPs if you thinking long term. I sold wayyy too early missing most of the upside. Thinking of buying back with LEAPs
I tried to leg Into a bull put spread on COP last week. My top leg didn't get filled and I didn't realize it. The naked put is almost ITM 🤣
Check out https://www.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/ for the path to financial freedom. They’re mostly VTSAX or FZROX, I’ve been a little more aggressive being younger with FGCKX & FOCPX, the key is maxing every tax advantaged account if possible. Roth IRA, 401k, HSA, etc...
Ban!
You really think there’s more downside when vaccine news can spike it any time?
Take a look at God man. Lot of shit to life and beyond.
Aren't they the stronger one of the bunch?
Tell that to my ASML shares
Going to have to save that expression for future use.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jarinjnsn the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
the apps show ugly people to uglies, and hot people to hotties
[deleted]
Scared money don’t make money
do you think some sort of new religion will arise? or the domination of abrahamic religions will subside and perhaps polytheistic or more spiritual ones will make a remergence?
Why would PFE need TFFP? Why not just do it themselves?
[deleted]
Trump won't do a national wide lockdown. But Biden might
give me more like than this guy
Macys
Robinhood’s email support team will be hearing from my lawyers!
This
What’s the angle on SOLO?
[deleted]
It’s entirely possible that NIO is a pump and that it will crash in a few days but I’m still going to spend my entire paycheck on short dated NIO calls rather than buying food for the hungry Mongolian kids trapped in my basement
[deleted]
It’s not racist it’s a demographic fact- there’s 40 million more men than women there. Some definitely aren’t getting laid. Hence my Fuckable Robots post
Too many tendies to count, fuck off nerd.
Lmao that’s why I am not touching NIO
Bumble has been working out well for me these past months.  Constantly matching 7+ with actual good jobs and college degrees
TA is more about probability than telling the future. It's supposed to give you better odds than flipping a coin.
[deleted]
Bro I don't know where you are but bumble is top notch where I'm at. Tinder is a cesspool and hinge is dead
This sub gets straight up awful when just one ticker gets spammed for 72 straight hours.
Then decide what "better entry" looks like and submit it as a trade.

I'm long PLTR, but only for what I'm willing to risk. I like it, but I'm not marrying it.
Gonna be lo green friday. Recovered most AH panic
Fuck you
[deleted]
I just realized tomorrow is Friday these weeklies might be crispy by open
Rip
Lol I see your point but it‘s designed to protect you. Smaller account means you’re probably newer to trading, they’re trying to stop the whales from ass f\*cking you
I didn’t laugh.
Overpriced
Worst ratings in history. Product was boring and over politicized.
And it is.....type it backwards if you must
$69
It's great to swing trade.
Norwegian Cruise Lines will announce bankruptcy in 2021, no doubt about it
$0. Cash gang.
[deleted]
Yup. I had a few and missed a few trades like that back in the pre - internet days.    When yahoo was going from 200 to 800 Every 2-3 weeks.  Nooooo it can't happen again.  Yup.  Just did it again!   Fuck!    I never bought one share....

All us wack jobs have these stories, and it's ok I guess.   What if.  Should a.   would a.   Could a.   

If the Queen had balls......
Posted “MAGA”
Could you be more vague
AMD will go to 110, next year.
[deleted]
[removed]
80%+ of us would do 10x better if we just held cash.
It’s actually correct. OP is a fucking retard...but he’s right. Since option pricing itself is based off the premium per share, all the Greeks are also calculated on a per share basis. So technically he’s right that multiplying theta by the number of shares would give you total theta decay in dollars. He just made it extra complicated like the retard he is.
I hope so!
Add a zero and mine doesn't look so different
why you always gotta be like that
Arkk 110c 12/18 (get in @ 80% of what I did!)
My condolences. I made some big money just as it peaked and then did not cut and run once it started falling.
How much did you lose this week ?
🙏
Yeah, I broke a rule and went into baba knowing china could pull this shit. Honestly, 300 might be a year away depending on if ANT IPO comes back or not. And if it does, Baba might not get same deal. But no risk, no reward.
[deleted]
Ya know, the Nazis had pieces of flair they made the Jews wear
so they're gay?
more casino
Tracing out a giant red dildo around your NIO position for good luck?
I do a weekly investment into it, then YOLO the rest
It's a hot potato :(   Options IV too much already.
[removed]
There’s a sleeping leviathan of a ticket that won’t pop until probably December and I haven’t seen it mentioned on here in a month or so
[deleted]
NFLX looking mighty tempting
Donny will tank the market with some nut shit this weekend MRNA news next week for the rebound then money goes back into tech because lockdowns 

Sincerely,

     The Future
Started with $500 and kept depositing more?
i could see this in vietnam. they all ride bikes there so the streets are narrow. cost is kinda high though.
[deleted]
Oh man you're in the wrong place. I'd delete before your feelings get hurt
I didn’t think they’d get smashed this hard in 2 days. Definitely thought the vaccine hype was going to prop them up a little. Jokes on the market, I already know that I’m stupid
[deleted]
Market is going to pull back
Let's just print a trillion dollar bill on a regular printer. Or switch to a digital system or something idk
It kind of has to be. Most of us get pissed off when losing money, but it’s the thrill of “what if” that keeps me throwing money away.

You do realize that over 30% of the market is 401ks, bonds, etc.
I’ve never fucking done this, but I’m going in. I was gonna get some NIO(still am) but this is too hard to pass.

My retard brain is in full force.
Wey
Also, feed this woman her breakfast orders are quite hearty - damn!
already there!
Half circle... technically
ok so the mods are branding users with numbers...

I'm not calling them nazis, but the nazis did the same thing
Well this is how it starts, eating bat soup in the park  
All alone on their phone buying options in the dark  
Six charts by their side and loan checks around to waste  
Two bangs of the gavel  
Signal sound for the chase  
The account was nearly empty and They were nearly free  
But were seen by the Good eye of the mean Dildo Green  
And he screamed at the top of his lungs NIOs on the run  
It's the two insiders Grab your condors and your opshuns

I said I wish that  
We could stay here,  
But I fear our time has come  
Pfizer said they had a vaccine  
But case are still risin son  
We can drop our bags this instant,  
We're trippin breakers in the next round  
And if we all watch the flight to safety,  
Baby it will 

Limit Down
These retards in this sub lmao can't even do first grade math
What will you spend your $1000 on?
Man i hope not
Last week's pattern was confirmed today
Americans don’t get why Chinese buy EVs because gas cars are heavily regulated and it costs a small fortune to register a blue license plate (upwards of 15k usd in major cities).
no, govt backing this china stock
I dont care really atm, wili yolo in LI tomorrow and see if thies shiet cool down, dont wanna get trap at top of solo, thats like buying kodak at 40
No, China wants to punish the stock price, not the company itself. It’s all a media stunt to get back at Jack Ma but China realizes in the big picture, Alibaba is competing against amazon and they need to let it grow to compete. It will all be fine. China knows that Alibabas growth is essential for their economy.
Might as well buy some Monday spy lotto calls with that $98. Also congrats and welcome brother.
Stonksss. Good Kills Bro. Did you hit the KXIN pop? Fuckin Chinese Stonks
Long term is anything longer than 2 weeks in this sub
I thought I had the longest. What’d you do?
Its too big to fail. Its China's Amazon but on crack
[deleted]
ban
But what’s the fun in that
Bro get off that shit it makes you depressed. Hinge or tinder are ok
strike and exp?
The entertainment that the NBA provided this quarantine was truly inspiring. Adam Silver knows how to run a business and of course the players, I already miss basketball and can't wait for it to start again.
Welcome. Least you have 97 left
What's the play though? Can't buy puts on the NFL
Beauty is a lightswitch away
💢
Back on your way then! Proud of you boss
I used to be a retard like you guys. I’ve seen the light now and I’m loving it
I thought of that last week and then I yoloed into NIO instead
Really hope my CALLS are SAVED by open
How far out tho?
Travel calls got it
im gonna buy some first thing..
I am speed.
Yeah fucking stupid
Shit ton of RSUs, average retirement. RSUs vest over 4 years at 40/28/20/12 with refreshers. Base cap is highest of all FAANG at 220k (other Gs can correct me here) and rest in stocks and bonuses.
It's going to pop by 2050 for sure.
R/moderatepolitics
Oh yeah. I mean for a weekly I’ve been sticking to atm or itm, but I’ve just been trying to figure out how people pick their fds.
Yes please leave enjoy your riches
Tech stocks rise on vaccine hopes!
Tech stocks rise on lockdown fears!
Wut
The owner of Loandepot just bought a $60 million dollar house. Rocket is just another fish in the pond. https://variety.com/2020/dirt/moguls/loandepots-anthony-hsieh-pays-record-61-million-for-orange-county-mansion-1234818099/
He'd be better off if his battery matched his portfolio.
New to RH, about to deposit $100, what should I do with it tomorrow?
The more trashed you are, the more in sync the song gets. Try it!
F
Options or day trade stocks?
After hours isn't showing puts printing though
80%+ of you would do 10x better over the next 10 years investing in just Arkk  with no options betting or any other thinking whatsoever, but that’s just my opinion.
🌈
I’m still not sure on a nationwide lockdown. Biden won’t take office for another 2.5 months, I’d reckon that we’ll be coming down off of this wave by then, and really bad states will have already shut down.
Why does bumble literally have the ugliest girls on all of planet earth?
DOW 30K vehicle plates would be prophetic
$PLTR 2X $9c 01/18/21
I sure hope so brother. I been riding the IPOB wave for too damn long
Four Seasons Landscaping?
Conquered my fear of death about 6 years ago by not giving a fuck anymore. And I don’t have kids.
With zerohedge running constantly 😂dead
I got a 44 day ban
FSLY says fuck what ya heard, party's just getting started
I’m skeptical there will be a 5,000 years from now for humans
[removed]
bear r fuk
35 days??? That’s wild. Mine was 5 for political talk
Olé tío...NIO pa la luna coño
Not for the retards holding 110c bought at 105
Nah you're good - just thought you might want to try again with OP and actually get a reply, haha.
Eh
TA is to stock trading as Astrology is to Astronomy.
4 Franklins behind the palm tree by the fountain let’s keep this quiet 🤫
Meanwhile bezos is making your entire extended family’s lifetime earnings a day.
Sir please diamond hands so i can pick up some discounts
Oh yeah that’s why we keep coming back to 12K
[deleted]
Strikes closer to atm have a better probability of being profitable.  Spread legs and FDs use farther out strikes
Puts on value/small caps. People coming back to tech next week
You think it’s more likely that QS shares are more expensive than KCAC shares currently?
NIO
Didn’t know their was any profitable rkt owners, I’m pretty jealous of you not being -6k on it
[removed]
Not many options will let you sell a weekly for that premium... you could buy another 100 shares every week...
Tomorrow if the market won’t go red, then It will go green for sure.
Yeah i like it. Great background movie.
Whose dick do I have to suck for a gap up
Can’t see why they won’t moon for the holidays
People like you exist? What a sheep.
Just keep buying puts. Dow at 29000 is still fresh new territory. It’s needs time to settle. Even if we fall 1,000 points back to 28000 that still leaves us in a good spot overall.
When the sun shine, we shine together

Told you I'll be here forever

Said I'll always be your friend

Took an oath, I'ma stick it out to the end

Now that it's raining more than ever

Know that we'll still have each other

You can stand under my umbrella

You can stand under my umbrella, ella, ella, eh, eh, eh

Under my umbrella, ella, ella, eh, eh, eh

Under my umbrella, ella, ella, eh, eh, eh

Under my umbrella, ella, ella, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh-eh


It's rainin', rainin'

Ooh, baby, it's rainin', rainin'

Baby, come here to me

Come into me

It's rainin', rainin'

Ooh, baby, it's rainin', rainin'

You can always come into me

Come into me
Yeah I don't really look at it.   I'm just up set my goal was once it hit 40 to exercise it weeks hey the stock at a discount.   I sold Monday last week and it was 40 by Wed 😭😭.
What?
fuck meeeeeeee ! that's meeeeeeee. sad ass white man drinking wine
https://youtu.be/wz-PtEJEaqY
Mines good
It sure does feel like it. When the Dow almost pumped to 30K on Monday I lost 1.5K on TGT calls because it dropped all day. Literally every other stock that wasn’t tech or covid proof retail was green :/
Bought NIO 11/20 45p and NIO 12/24 50c

My play is that Nio drops a bit in the near term and I'll sell my short leg then ride the long to the moon. If it just keeps mooning then I just eat the $250 for the put
Political talks apparently
Some people are saying we are in a tech bubble. And it's slowly popping.
Best yeet I ever made was my house. This shitty box has made me a cool 150k in 2 years. A cool 150k to yeet into a real cardboard box.
I am retarded!
Just FYI that is incorrect. Theta is *per contract* not per share. I have no idea what your contract price is but I doubt it loses $21/day.
Back in the day I wanted to bone her so bad.
I have a One X and I’m trying to find the motivation to upgrade, but it’s a struggle tbh. The One X does everything pretty darn well still
I bought nio calls today sorry
Sounds like a good way not to be rich
Trade price action nothing else matters
I hope you guys checked DIX before buying more puts today
Space... the ~~final frontier~~ plaything for rich people tourism, rich corporations, poor governments... and asteroid mining!
I got burned enough before :(
There should be a publicly trade company that researches unicorn flight patterns when they migrate
Check out Arkk it’s the new thing(technically innovation is unstoppable).
Please take your money and run. Don’t be one of these retards that lose 100,000 dollars. I know I know fuck me im a pussy whatever.
Publicfreakout
The whole idea is to get your cars classified as NEV so it gets a green license plate rather than a blue plate.  Greens are free while blues go for upwards of 15k usd at auction
I'm from [here](https://goo.gl/maps/9m9A84mjCrZbmWnj7)

Same thing right?
100 $50 calls 11/13 lets fucking go
Dude, you're asking a bot.
Looks pretty consistent unlime most RH account here
A lot of people got mad at the players and turned it off
NBA got fucked to death by xi
Good shit
big if true
Ascending triangle dow 30k
4k
[removed]
Big oof
There will not be another lockdown. Calm down all you drama queens
Still would have lost. Theta gang won this time
[deleted]
is this lockdown part 2 shit real or just a meme?
Yea, the day after futures come out stonks either go up or down. Very powerful tool in the right hands. Arguably the most powerful tool.
PT on nio tmr? im thinking $53.50
i need a hero
I feel like there’s a lot more potential for palantir to be the company reigns in FAANG companies, they could be the company that supplies the surveillance software for all the ad trading desks in the future.

Who knows, maybe the river is going to flop aces and Peter Thiel is going to be holding triple charzards
What brokerage is this I like the ui
Congrats man but don’t get attached.
He said "Fuck yo puts" and turned his printer on full-power.
Typo. He meant -4k
Can’t count how many times I’ve played this movie at a party. Set it on mute, subtitles on, play any song, passive entertainment set.
Lmao. Welcome to wsb
[deleted]
What did you do lol
Just saw it by accident. The concept is good otherwise idk
Watching NFL right now
That's a great theory!   How didja ever come up with that one!?!?
yeah..... ban.
Pooh bear has pulled the plug on it. A rich enough Chinese man might be a threat so he put the kabosh on it. If the company gets any bigger it will be broken up for the same reason the ipo was stopped. The CEOs shares will be worth more making him a threat to Pooh.
Fucking bs
All TA: market could go up or down from here
😭😭😭😭
yeah I think they got rid of it cause of covid regulations
That’s what I found a bit ironic and double standard about the decision, I wonder if there has been any other decisions like this historically

Hell look at the American companies that helped the Nazis during the war. No one said they shouldn’t back then. Why the scare now?
[deleted]
I legit have a 100k account and it’s showing $184
Stay away from my wife you bastard
LOL you guys make actual income to pay taxes??
[deleted]
Fucking legend.
I got a 35 day ban. I want a creative tag for my pain and suffering
Ugh you’re being such a fucking N- Nio.
Bullish
How did you identify the end of one ad and the beginning of another?
Fuck WMT lmao
Cathy ark is on the motherfucking case
Bought a refurbished MBP 16" and am totally happy.
Shit, we’ll be lucky to make 500 years.
cause im bad at this...
And still you’re giving advice. Thanks man
Because the market is rigged
My state is prepping for a lockdown. You’re damn right I’m still holding travel because that’s what heroes do
I was a die hard and I forgot sports even existed till you reminded me
Not mis out on nio
I like how they have negative green ones, what a tease!
No you dumbass, China and Russia are fighting for the final frontier -Africa
[removed]
Sounds like you might work for said company
Dont spend the rest all at once now. 😂
I would instantaneously blow my load through my roof
Puts on me getting any work done tonight
Rotation out of tech lasted exactly one day. Lol Nasdaq is unstoppable
No
My account often doesn’t show the amount I imagine it being at
Wait outside GameStop with a clipboard. Ask everyone who’s about to come in if they’re picking up. Tell them it’s been delayed but leave your name and phone number. When they leave go into GameStop tell them you have a reserved console and profit.
Thanks for that, not going to reach out. Even though I really wanna .... kind of pissed she even hit me up. I was on my way to forgetting about her
for financials or ethics?
Thank you so much for the detailed response. I find his investing thesis very solid - the GME share price is not pricing in new console revenue at all. I'm mostly in shares too - just bought a couple of leap options today to add to my position.
I get panic attacks almost nightly thinking about this thanks for bringing it up where I escape from my ennui. Assfuck.
CIA data what could go wrong
0 volume how do u even find this shit lol
Hold as long as you need to. I have been down 75 to 80% before.  Try not to hold into the last 1 to 3 weeks as Theta really kicks in. Decide how much you are willing to lose.  I have had options expire worthless and it hurts a lot.

Sell based on where you think the underlying stock is going.  I made 100% on Costco call through last ER selling them on Oct 13th when the stock kept hitting low $380s.  Just kind of felt it couldn't keep going higher.  Those were Nov 20th $380C. Looking at the chart it looks like Cost got pummeled on Monday because of Vaccine news.  Wish I would have noticed cause I would have reloaded.  Sell when it is hitting $380 to 390.  Base it on momentum.  If it has a day that seems a little too big sell at the top that day.  You can also stagger sell and hold a little bit just in case it goes a little higher.

I just bought some Baba shares today.  I think it will recover pretty quick with good Singles Day numbers.  I think China was just trying to cool off the stock.
b00mer
Is it really that bad bro :/
Nah, never bothered me... fuck 'em, they be aight
Which one? You gonna hook us up with a 99% employees discount?
NIO, please
You’re on crack it’s exactly the fucking same lmao. “Since September”
goddam son, you are extra retarded.
Liquidity. Without it the overleveraged trades go into a death spiral when someone yells *"BOO!!"*, and then when the fed allows the overleveraged traders to borrow against any asset they can stop selling off equities and start reinflating the bubble. 

Guess what happens when the fed goes even further and increases leverage ratios when the market flatlines at 25% below ATH? The market goes back to the all time highs again!

Yes, so very different this time that we totally can't explain the market movement using the fundamentals that have always been true. Must be the robinhood traders with their $100 accounts causing the market to crash and recover suddenly...
[deleted]
Good to know you’re still out there
Ever watched your portfolio go from +75% to -200%?
[deleted]
Yeah I tell mah girl I have foreign assets

NIO calls expiring tomorrow
How slow and cautious.
Jesus please don't remind me :(

My fucking little town-house with no yard in an undesirable town near the border is still costing me $400,000+ and driving 15-20 minutes north you're easily looking at $1million and up. I should not be on this sub, what am I doing here I can't afford this insanity
[removed]
Here's the discussion thread from Monday, February 24 and Tuesday, February 25, the first big down days. Monday opened with a big gap down over the weekend and Tuesday fell mostly during trading hours. This is when people were juuuust starting to realize that shit was about to get real ugly, but not everyone had fully accepted it yet.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f8pouu/daily\_discussion\_thread\_february\_24\_2020/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f8pouu/daily_discussion_thread_february_24_2020/)

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f8y539/what\_are\_your\_moves\_tomorrow\_february\_25\_2020/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f8y539/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_february_25_2020/)

And then here's the daily threads from each day in March with a circuit breaker on at least 1 of the major indices:

March 9 (SPY -7.81%): [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fft0hq/daily\_discussion\_thread\_march\_09\_2020/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fft0hq/daily_discussion_thread_march_09_2020/)

March 12 (SPY -9.57%): [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fhelvw/daily\_discussion\_thread\_march\_12\_2020/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fhelvw/daily_discussion_thread_march_12_2020/)

March 16 (SPY -10.94%): [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fjj89q/daily\_discussion\_thread\_march\_16\_2020/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fjj89q/daily_discussion_thread_march_16_2020/)

March 18 (SPY -5.06%): [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fknsuo/daily\_discussion\_thread\_march\_18\_2020/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fknsuo/daily_discussion_thread_march_18_2020/)
wfc puts if it goes down below 23.60?
What a retard
geez mms hope they don’t destroy my CALLS
IPOB is taking us to the promised land
do sports even exist anymore? nobody cares about that shit anymore. 

NFL, MLB, NBA revenues r fuk.
China will mandate a certain percentage of all annual vehicle sales to be EV. China has the largest vehicle market in the world. Somebody is going to need to supply those vehicles. China has a vested interest in kick starting the industry. China is more than a capitalist entity, with a lot more capital and a lot more power. It would be like if Trump became King of America and said that all American car sales must be electric by 2035 no if ands or buts about it, nobody gets a vote. Tesla shares would moon, and all the TA in the universe couldn’t stop it
Okay. So Tesla add sentry mode and trip planner. I can see in the next decade they'll become terminate mode and world conquer plan. Definitely bullish
Looks like another blood red day tomorrow and every single day until I sell. Fuck it I ain't selling shit. We are going all the way down to 220 again.
We’re nearing the top of the pump I can feel it in my bones. The tears here at WSB will be totally epic. I know it.
[deleted]
Yeah basically that we are fucked unless we get Covid under control
Dang that sucks. :( I mean unless you got kids and a waifu I guess you can spend some time with them again. But oh well, thats true. The thing here is well, stocks like airlines, cruise, etc. are pretty broken already right? I wonder how a second lockdown gonna hurt them, like can they even go down anymore without burning to oblivion lol? But oh dang, I feel you maybe I'll buy puts into some of those that took a beating lik airlines def. But then theres also a stimulus check so idk. If it comes afterthen thats fine to buy in after a hard drop. But if it gets randomly announced early before a drop stocks going to the moon, artificially of course.
Good deal for getting the money out
I slipped you a couple franklins to keep this quiet man
I think Nio is reaching its “AMD to 110” phase
[deleted]
[deleted]
16gb of ram .... new Mac is 2010
imagine if you bought options O_O
Shhhh don’t tell them
Smart man. Get out while you’re still in the green. If you’ve ever read the story about Icarus flying too close to the sun, you’ll soon realize that same story relates to many in the stock market. Nonetheless there is money to be made, but most people lose money in the stock market for a reason.
No
Good shit man !
all it takes is one good 10 bagger and I'm fuck-you money outta here
[deleted]
LFG GOT THE SAME PLAY
Accurate
I’ve been trying to figure out how far otm people go from the current price. Cuz I was looking at se 11/27 250 and it’s up 7500 percent today.
Hey his name is Jeff!
This tells me all I need to know. Crayons are on sale at Target this week btw
We are financially retarded, not racist.
Obese redditor moment
Splunk sucks asshole. Palantir is just way better than any other data/operations research firm. It’s well known in the software engineering community that PLTR has the best engineering talent of any company other than the big hedge funds like Jane Street, Citadel, RenTech.
[deleted]
u insult our ppl. we are oppressed minority in corrupt system. shame 4 u thx god 4 mods
What’s the wildest thing you’ve seen there
Rip my April portfolio. Dark times
Pussy
Unfortunately there is nowhere for these stocks to go *but* up. Up or out. That's it.
Odins hall won’t be opening for this retard.
I'm sitting on 500 "free" shares left over from my assigned CC. I will never sell. If I pick up another 500 doing it again after any pullback, they'll go into the pile.
didnt buy yet. lol. i dont deal with meme stocks.
Jesus bro that's brutal. Why were you watching TTD?
Fair enough.
[deleted]
$FSR is the next big runner
Ok anyone eyes on this meme ETF NIFE? It seems good lmao
same here!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Never a doubt
Did Powell say anything interesting today?
[deleted]
Idk why not. Guidance was YUGE
> preparation for a massive red day

got my updoot
Yeah it’s fine tho, Santa will fix it for next year
Shit crazy
I've got strangles on SPY tomorrow so it's gonna be a flatline all day for the first time this year.
Anybody else’s Robinhood account showing the wrong amount?
Positions or Ban
No i bought the first house 10k down, lived in it for 4 years. Sold for 60k profit, plus 20k equity i built up. Took home 70k from that, put that 70k plus another 10k saved up over those 4 years into the next house which i bought brand new. Even if the housing market crashed i probably would have made money. I at least would have had my equity if i broke even, instead of nothing if i was paying rent. But if the market crashed, I would’ve just continued living in that first house until it recovered.
I wish i could be this naive
Did that with JKS.
I been getting their ads and went all in still no moon and I have to do instacart now so I don’t file for bankruptcy even tho I have a full time management job, but yeah eventually RKT go 🚀
[deleted]
Lots of bears on PLTR. Stoked with my position
Whoopsie!
Gonna keep adding to PLTR shares so I can finally have diamond hands and get in on an early move.... hopefully
Jfc lol
He’s a member, has been for a long time
It’s called “levels to this shit”
China no let US audit financials. We a Always make money
You spelled NIO wrong
that should be a consolation, man I would die of boredom if I lived forever
Not to mention they already have all your data.  It'd take something really dramatic like Karp masturbating on a Zoom call to even consider switching to a competitor.
Pls no
Lance BaaS
this is the way!
 VIX up DOW down NASDAQ up wtf?
My pocket
# SOLO YOLO

ah yes I see it now..
you don't succeed in life without cheating the system
Yeah wsb mods suck
[deleted]
I closed 15 of my calls with 20% down, switched back to zm
[deleted]
Nerf QQQ. Stronger than a mofo
This video, translated, is about how fucked the economy is/was a long ass time ago and is actually really, really sad. :(
It’s always opposite day with these clowns
Shhh don't tell them
There should be a publicly traded company that researches how to facilitate human consciousness after the natural body dies
In space
I took all the profit and left my grand in there. Made 500 on some FSR calls and just dumped all that into Spy puts.

I feel dirty for rooting for covid and lockdowns, but fuck it I might as well make some money off it. Or lose it. Who really knows
I don’t know why I didn’t load up on PLTR puts when I started seeing PLTR memes on here 🤡🤡
I watched TTD go from 546 to 847 in 4 days. I wanted to buy otm lottos for the week, highest I could get was 725 at 5¢ per. I was too scared to throw 250 at it. I still hate myself
With $3.5k in RH lol
https://youtu.be/SYc6QmaGnYc

Same guy.  I could watch this over and over again lol
I looked through about 12 different articles and couldn’t find a total list, just not sure how obscure the list will be considering here in america basic ass companies are building stuff for the military so I’m curious.
Enjoy
yeah for whoever sold you those puts
How much is your stop? 12%?
I have a series x. I like it a lot. Super fast and the 4K is phenomenal
[deleted]
The real question is did you buy a liquid option with plenty of open interest. Sometimes if you sell for .01 lower your order will execute faster
Fuck me??? FUCK YOU!! Jkjk, lets see, may the best autist win
I think DKNG opens 50 plus but I’m prolly delusional
You’re losing 5k bro
Always has. You’re still gna keep using it. Plus they are for whatever fucking reason trying to push into hardware now.
See the recent post lol
Idiots who can’t read futures. Yes tech100 is green in preparation for a massive red day...those companies will be the only ones open during the next shut down!
Double down. They’re so far out and stocks only go up
Spreads, momentum, timing.
Bro I tried to buy that shit twice today on Walmart’s shit ass website at their 6 and 9pm wave. Everytime I got it in my cart then their shit website would crash. Moral of the story, I’m shorting the fuck out of wmt
Imagine not being from philly
This is insanity
NIO puts from this level must be free money.
So peeved I wasn’t born 5000 years from now so I could look back at this time and say “what a bunch of retards” and not deal with the issues of the time.
This is wsb
I’m too poor for gold, but have this my good man ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
But he is approaching his limit
SH!
So, could PLTR end up pumping tomorrow?
It hit me today pretty hard that like I will literally be dead someday and there’s nothing you can do to stop it. Crazy if you think about it
Kenya.
so the problem I see in the medium term is that the chinese GDP per capita is around 10k USD. The US is a little north of 60k. 

NIO’s prices on their cars are comparable to tesla’s, and the average US consumer would consider a tesla to be expensive/out of their price range. 

To me, it seems like NIO will probably not be a car for the average chinese consumer at 40k+ a pop
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**GLD**|**$180**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-03-31**|**$6.18**|**$175.96**|**1198**|**117**
|**SLV**|**$25**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-03-31**|**$1.49**|**$22.55**|**5794**|**109**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfpdnitict907707iwajwgo) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Hay-Lush-Ka/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Too expensive Nio allows the poors to get in on it
Is this ally invest?
Damn straight.
Yah exactly it’s just new guys grabbing to piggy back off others plays or spamming random stuff.
[deleted]
ding ding ding, did you try the bananas yet, darling?
They have one old monitor from like 2005 with a split screen with zerohedge running constantly
Also, Tesla.
yeah its possible. Most people predicting a crash, including myself, are balls deep in long positions in the mean time. When cash runs out that's when we'll have the crash, but Idk when that will happen. People are just more cautious now I think, otherwise things haven't changed
I’m waiting on SNE to quit being lame so I can buy the Xbox 😤😤
There is a list. But it’s specifically any that support their military.
You're gonna fucking lose it all bro, gtfo of this trade, please!
Haven’t seen much gain porn. Everyone must still be holding their NIO and XPEV.
It’d be like some paraplegic from a motorcycle accident giving advice to a guy with a sweet new bike advice.
Futures too flat IMO
Look at the volume and open interest. Should give you an idea.
I've already explained it.

No Ant Group IPO = a need to dump IPO money into *something*.
Dude I’m too high for this shit. I’m just posting some progress pics and y’all just killin my vibes.
Were you not alive during the LK pumps?
What come up I’m almost bankrupt
i would hold the leaps
He’s not gonna do that. Trump isn’t that type of person, he wants the best for the country and that clearly isn’t it. Idc if you disagree politically but Trump will never do that
Fuck off, he's the real DD MVP
It’s ok to take profits here and there, especially if you need the cash. Just try and leave a few shares or positions to do their thing
At least you didn’t buy at the top 😅😅
[deleted]
Keep talking shit and I’ll crash into ur wife going 15mph
Use the self-checkout line, or the express lane (7 contracts or less).
So you buy a house flip it,  buy a more expensive house to repair and flip, buy a third house.... and now that third house becomes worth as much as that first house but you're still paying as much per month as if it were that third house AND it needs repairs
I think HCAC is the real deal.
Just have to keep going. Let your personality show in the interview, because if you have no working experience, there won’t be too much to talk about. Maybe volunteer as a math tutor at a local HS or community college. Don’t stay put and let yourself get discouraged. You completed one of the most vigorous degrees available, if you don’t give up, you’ll find something.
Cash out now! Don’t come back after you lost it all and read this message from me to you. You’ll regret It OPIE!
What if ends up at net 0 though..
Oh that's good, I like that :D
How do you get the green theme for Robinhood rather than the default red?
Fucking Amazon
remember in the good ole days when tesla was the only one that was allowed to moon? pepperidge farm remembers.
Battery as a service you pay a flat fee to go to battery swapping stations instead of having to charge it..or you can buy it with the battery. If you choose BaaS you aren’t paying for the battery with the car so poors can buy Nio too
Nice paper money account, ban
Has anyone gotten the new MacBook
They predicted it back in 1976 - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35DSdw7dHjs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35DSdw7dHjs)
Heard Tesla was moving from renewables and tryna make EV’s too now lol those cucks
more like nio $55 c nov 20
It's really weird how quickly wsb went downhill since September, theres no reason to peruse this sub anymore.
Roblox to the stars
[deleted]
I must be pushing the wrong buttons.
Have you been gone for 35 days. Damn
Any of y’all get a PS5 or Xbox Series X? How do you like it?
So short everything except zoom is what you’re telling me
[removed]
Psth still a spac homie.
Did you guys see that big move on the DIX
Baba would like a word
[deleted]
Love the video
At least investing.com comments are kinda funny this thread is all about nio this nio that
Sounds kinda Boomer
rip to all the puts expiring tomorrow. come again next time
Huh, you have feelings... Do you even belong here?
Same to you bud
It has been swinging at least 50pts a day up/down lately. Easy 0dte trade to make 200% or more.
Can you name some? I really don’t trade etfs that much.
Not even gonna lie I was holding spy 130p until sept expiration
NIO is the best stock to come out of CHYNA
Whoever told me to “not miss out on blnk” can fuck off
550 shares

50x 1/20/23 $17.5c

Long haul baby, LONG HAUL
“Gave me 5k” lol... I love it. God speed
I remember seeing KODK at 13 and not buying. 

I also remember watching it keep going up and getting halted till it went to 50 before crashing. 

Man I felt AWFUL. I could have 60x'd my money if I went in. But I didn't and it was surreal.
God dAe Chinese evs? Puke
VW and I think Bill gates invested. But if the tech comes to market,  it’ll be such a massive leg up, everyone will be fighting for the right to use their batteries. It’s risky. It’s currently unproven, but has the potential to be massive. Worth a small position for sure
Much appreciated kind sir
[deleted]
Username checks out
Calls on your virginity
not happening buddy.
That shit happens all the time. Like when people bought the wrong zoom, and made that stock skyrocket lol

https://www.google.com/amp/s/securityboulevard.com/2020/04/investors-buy-up-the-wrong-zoom/amp/
I think they want you to eat more day old orange chicken
Means it’s a small pp
Wtf is BaaS
Why did you hold thru earnings bro
The degree is less important as time goes on. Just figure out how to get a job
my man
GTFO.
Oh shit. So what's up with NIO then? It's the outlier.
How people don’t even do some basic dd before investing in a company is crazy to me
Yeah but like wait till earnings or something lol. People who just see a stock go up a lot and be like “buy puts” baffle me.
I can help you.
Baba calls fucked me hard this week .. yolo everything I have left on TSLA $425 11/20 calls at EOD .. praying to the TENDIE GOD 🙏🏻🙏🏻 for a pump tomorrow ..
[deleted]
DM'd
Actually it was $NIO
In college saving money working nights delivering pizza
I remember when idiots were saying that when it hit the 900s pre split
Get in before the meme stock hype. Once this hits front page it’s taking off
Yeah, hindsight is 2020 or something. Congrats on the gains tho brother.
Perhaps I should heed this. TTD has treated me well in a similar fashion
Embarrassing
Just go to 3500 already, you hoe!
#🥈
They’re late to the game. very late. big data tools have been hot since 2015, and these guys need to kill off many competitors, chiefly Splunk to go full dominance. Is PLTR worth more than 15 bucks? absolutely.. are they going to be a TSLA in 2 years.. no. Good Long play, but that sector of big data is already well populated and 3 letter agencies are the slowest to adopt.
Alright who exposed us to Casually Explained 

https://youtu.be/x65TDamuSHU
Just buy PBW and ICLN shares if you’re so scared. Now I have to go to bed, goodnight, I love you, and I’ll see you tomorrow.
My account is still trying to recover from the puts I held because of his posts.
This is the way.
You were
Good suggestion. Added to my Spotify list
We need a covid puppet scapegoat for massive volatility
yeah that's true, I'm just imagining those who had like Amazon and Zoom calls right before it hit and them timed puts, imagine doubling ur money in a week😭
I’m in a discord with a bunch of autists who believe it’s fairly priced. 3$-48$ is “organic” growth amirite
PLTR 17.5 call 1/21/22 exp
Does anyone have a moped? I’m thinking about buying a Honda ruckus
Ban OP my 11/20 25C SLV bag feels personally attacked
holy hell
How the hell I get a 35 day ban for saying “MAGAtard”.  Seems like everyone has 3 day bans
Cue that astronaut looking back at earth with the other one pointing a gun at him: ber always been fuk
Do you really think people will buy a three wheel death pod?
[deleted]
Where were you from 2008-2011?

When a lot of millennials were coming to age
yes it's pure pile-of-sticks-a-tree
Satoshicoin
Id bet its $MMEDF after it lists this month
50 calls looking good at ~ 3.85 and we still have a week left on expiration. Plenty of time to flip before earnings if we hit the strike
It'll give a forecast on the user's date of bankruptcy
Lesson learned...

* People don't like making money (nobody wants to work for it).
* People love spending money (so much that they will work for it).
* It's hard to spend money during a pandemic because most places are closed.
* Idle money shows up in the market during a pandemic - from all over the globe.
* Markets crash when a major event occurs with unknown consequences.  The increasing number of COVID cases is proof that people are no longer fearful of it.

I'll panic sell when missiles get fired, or when COVID ends and people take their money out of the market to buy stupid shit that they don't need (like skins in a video game).
It's not about the ink, there's always ink in the printer. It's about the user has changed hands. The master has been voted out.
There is a delay between their actions and disclosures.
Reasoning? Lol
What we like to think of all stonks, but none is an island onto itself.
Imfao we living in a simulation
I was a huge fan of Nio until recently this shit is about to ruin lives sooner or later I can’t touch it till that happens lol
You just proved you belong here.
Quick logistical question.  If you sell your puts tomorrow do you have cash set aside to buy the calls tomorrow? Settlement is D+1 on options.  Even if it is a margin account your need to have cash sitting in your account starting tomorrow as your DTBP does not increase when you sell anything held overnight. It is set at 4x your cash starting the day.

The reason I ask is because I am curious.  Also I got clobbered with a Day Trade Margin call back in August.  Those don't go away until you deposit that amount from outside funds. Was very painful.
This is BAN material.
Those are short term ETF’s w/ higher expense ratios
Awesome. Yeah I just read through their site and a few other articles and it looks like the real deal.   I could be wrong, but it seems like only VW is currently planning on using their batteries. Couldn’t other car companies just refuse to adopt their batteries? I assume Tesla would
Lol next step 0
Absolutely bro.
solo sucks, lol its canadian ev... ahhahah a joke. Go for other no-name china ev's
cruise line just had 5 cases of covid:

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/nov/12/caribbean-cruise-ship-coronavirus-seadream

don't know what's going on at their parks. they've shifted focus to streaming a while ago, but that's still gotta be their main source of income, and covid is probably still having a huge impact

not sure
Nah Comcast is terrible - like blockbuster of tech / media
Tesla
Never fuck crazy.
Reminds me of the opening of Coming To America 
“The royal penis is washed your honor”
Dividends for my 401k, fun account for tech. Can’t stand those boring ass dividend stonks now, I’m sure if I live to retirement I’ll appreciate them
sometimes you just feel like listening to Warren Zevon and getting drunk on whiskey
i'm prob sitting at my average right now and I feel pretty good about that

a lot of people got in at 9/10 and they have bragging rights

in 3 years getting in anything under 20 is going to be damn impressive, imagine saying you bought microsoft at $20? that's what this is.

but I don't really think you can go wrong buying it... any dip you see, if you want a lower price, sell some puts and get assigned
You fucked up the decimals.
Haha damn. So what’s like the general maximum amount someone would buy of the same strike?
i was thinking this and SOLO
Fax
FIRE FAUCI! Who’s with me?!?
Now that’s where Ackman should go with PSTH
Shitcoin and gold tanked in March, they’re up bigly now 

We’re headed for inflationary all time highs
Appreciate the play suggestion but I was asking for discussion sake, you feel me
He owes a large amount of money in debt. The perfect way to recoup is to buy a ton of puts the day before he shuts down the economy and tells Powell, “sell it all now.” Go from billionaire to trillionaire by bankrupting the banks.
Who here remembers DRYS?
[deleted]
Although the Li ONE is powered by its electric motors when cruising, the energy source for the electric motors comes from both its battery pack and range extension system that includes a dedicated, 1.2 liter turbo-charged internal combustion gas engine and a 100 kW electric generator. A component called a speed reducer used to connect the two power sources together. 


Hol up, Li autos is making hybrids and not full EVs?
With all these new electric cars coming out what’s going to be the next shell or Exxon mobile
It's up
Restaurants and take out Grubhub. Fast food, Uber eats.

I got the grub hub pass for ten bucks a month and you get free delivery over ten dollar orders and promos. 

As a lazy bastard who orders food every other day, it was worth the investment
This NIO talk is making me think of the September bubble all over again
Lol came here to say this. I’ve been bearish as hell but so many people predicting a crash is it even possible to have one?
Made 10k off the 🐢
Perfect.  Thanks
Well it fucking didn’t
Give the market 30 minutes to figure out what it wants to do then buy.
Those are all basically the same play...
Same story over hear...... just shows that Diamond hands is everything.. my pussy hands gotta be chopped off
You son of bitch, I’m in
Pay attention to something else for four weeks and then buy from Costco
Probably wait to check the short float % then pile in. Someone smarter than me usually does that
[deleted]
Could be minutes could be days.
Well, could still be in store for a major announcement, seems promising
Here's how you stack up! You ranked 3,740,012th out of 4,009,283 Robinhooders.

God, I would love to work there. Just to look at that database. I'm wet just thinking about it
Nio is bae
And LI has delivered 20000 in 10 months
Hi! I'm the dotcom bubble. Have we met? 30%?  Try 50% down then up then dooown during the dotcom bust.  Either you arent mid 40s or youre a fool. "ThUS tiME ITz DIffeReNT" just means you dont know what youre saying.
Yep. So annoying dude. If the sec was worth a damn they’d hammer these pharma ceos. It’s so fucking obvious
Congratulations! This is inspiring for me. I’m up about $500 right now.
Think trump is going to do that?
Lol tech too strong
I'm really out here debating whether or not to gamble like 60 bucks when my dumb ass spent 75 bucks at menards on dumb shit today and my nio debit spreads are so far itm that they'll more than cover this.

Side note what's everyone's opinion on SOLO? I'm bullish long term, am a poor so I'm only holding 17 shares, but I bought 15 of those today seeing the hype start building around them.
Forreal we need to vote this pussy ass post out
AMZN
Lol I'll buy 10,000 (I have a small Street bets account rn)
Nio has BaaS and is just more swaggy
You’re 100% right that it will go down tomorrow or that it might also go up tomorrow.
I'm quite sure if enough of us do that it will end up as not bullshit
The Market Makers have made their 69th move.
Solo
I read that as AUTISTIC
I hate these idiots, and I'm a goddam monk irl
xpev has a way better product too lol
It better, I’ve been sitting on these shares way too long I tried to sell a cc for some actual gains. It’s an omen I will never try again
You get no pussy points in this sub.
Been waiting for these to jump. I’m still with them for the long term, but didn’t expect this slow fizzle
Ikr.  I wouldn't have believed him otherwise.
remember when we used to buy spacs? what a riot
Am I the only one who sorts by top and best comments now? Don’t feel like scrolling through all the bones to find the meat anymore. Especially lately seems like it’s all that’s being talked about is NIO. Remember the days when we all talked about new stock DD and options strategies. This sub starting to feel like investing.com futures comments.
I promise you he does not give an iota of a fuck
[deleted]
good man

make my calls print so I can exercise them please
When your here your family...
What do you all think about this gold standard lady getting voted in?
How long can it take to close out an otm weekly call if you have 50 or more?
I buy cruise puts when they pump lol. Cruises are done imo. At least till late next year
Let’s see in a week
You still have $115 retard
I've been here since NIO was $7 I didnt see u then lol, this captain is sus
Yep, it’s like people don’t understand exponential growth.
Then that will be the one that never dumps
Yes
You guys realize COVID means stonk go up right?
[deleted]
They paid their execs $900 million in stock comp.  They would have made money otherwise.
im honestly about to ....any suggestions???
[deleted]
So that wsb can quit before the actual bankruptcy?
Pump that tech. Vaccine news was perfect. Other sectors pumped, have us a dip to buy in tech and now tech climbing back while other sectors still holding on to vaccine news. Bears worst nightmare. Bears r fuk.
Just curious what kind of benefits does the big G have in regards to stock options and retirement.
BABA should be mostly unaffected though. They're mostly focused on ANT.
NIO. I said too much
Say my name.
Or, you can just stay at home risk free.

Get groceries delivered from Walmart, everything delivered from amazon, Uber for some dining, and Peloton to exercise
Would’ve been 200k if you claimed that free stock
[deleted]
[deleted]
LOL
Yuuuuuup. Dude I got burned bad in June when reopening stocks crashed. Ever since then I’ve been calling out these fake pumps. Fuck it, some people just want to lose money
I hope you withdrew some. 

My account was straight parabolic when I was riding JKS then I went all in at the top. -90% on those calls right now
Cheap ass calls good ass Greeks 10-11/20 4c make me another couple Gs following these earning UPPPPP
As a last ditch effort they tried to keep them juiced up with diesel generators lol
[deleted]
October Deliveries: XPEV 3k vs NIO's 5k

YTD Deliveries: XPEV 17k vs NIO's 31k

NIO and XPEV pretty much on pair, however NIO's market cap is like 2.5X higher. What's up with that?
I learned today that you can’t call it b-u-t-t-c-o-I-n in here.  Agreed though.
Congrats and fuck you
[removed]
Sir this is a wendys, do you want the 4 for 4 or no?
Christ these guys are braindead
next leg down
You'd think comcast would be killing it right now.
i guess so (:
If QuantumScape can actually pull it off, it’ll be 80% charge in 15 min, twice the range(to start and up to 10x in the future), and no fear of fires from lithium ion batteries.  It could be the biggest leap forward in ev technology
Fuk Qing James. 

When you shut down your own teammates for talking about China's horrific attrocities, people have a right to ignore you when you make noise about other issues.
This makes sense, thank you. I didn’t take into account that options are time sensitive.
Yes
[removed]
Saved yourself from losing money. Shit is going to rocket
Agrees and then disagrees and then agrees.

Source: Looks at the wild ride FVRR is having.
can you double check? pretty sure i saw a bunch of big money on calls too.
What was you previous record?
Friday the 13th tomorrow. Prepare your anus.
That my frend is something i did not know, i am bull on nio a little more now
Smart man
“Either +18000% or -96%”
I think you need to do a research on this. I think somebody will pay you good money but you may have to move to like a big city

Seriously though, for young grasshoppers here, you should’ve idea on what jobs you’ll be getting before pursuing a degree
The nerve of this guy suggesting that he be allowed to go to a nightclub, my goodness
It just needs to hold and BABA Should gap up premarket this morn. Just hit 270 USD. Fingers crossed. Lets go back to 300 baby. JD already recovering way better than Baba.
YES! im buying first thing and hope this 8% dip last.
This was flared as DD? BAN
It was the dark ages.

Everyone was a bull and the death of western civilization was upon us. 

Separate variation led many astray with a beautiful and apparently logical ta post basically saying spy 69 soon.

Bears bought more puts, fat and happy after riding the crash down. Spy 220p.

Then a tremendous “BRRRRRRR”, a sound like the rushing wings of Valkyrie’s flying overhead portending the end of the universe and blasted the bears assholes with green dildos and the power of the fed.
Next vaccine pump I’m taking out a massive loan and buying all the puts that day expiring a week later. Will not believe that BS until they stick me in the arm with the needle.
[deleted]
I'm the same. I already have $35k in shares and am planning to buy another $60k+ in shares and about $5-10k in options expiring in 2021 and 2022. 

I think this company is the next TSLA as far as taking over an industry. My expectation for 2023 is about $500B in market cap.
Got a 11/20 500c here just too scalp some profit. Was up 33% at one point today until the eod sell off. I expect a pretty steady gain going into the next week, possibly the 480-485 range before next friday
Man fuck I’ll do it if everyone here does it and posts it. I’ll throw 50k in shares
Just realized my puts on rkt didn’t go through fuck
Positions or ban
Dammit. Thanks.
Any of you dumb asses ever see a VW bug. Now that’s ugly. Practical sells now, saving gas money sells, easy to park sells, make life easier sells. Also crazy ER from other EVs help too
anyone else trading comcast puts ?
What the fuck are you talking about? Options or long?
/ES[Z20]
Put a grand in, immediately lost 700. God some Bud 59calls last Thursday and it printed 2500 Monday.

You’re never out. 

But then again I got lucky as fuck with that timing
Exactly. The most funny one was ZM, motherfuckers were like “yeah vaccine out, no more lockdown and wfh so sell zm”. You gotta be dumbass to get played like this.
ykoops
Truth
[deleted]
Make money from options and buy from eBay.
There was no way to see that PFE pump coming or was there?
always was.. always will be!!!!!!!!
I'd feed her an apple
It's brutal. Bagholding -90% on those now. It sucks
OTDE Spy/QQQ calls/puts.
Someone is getting slaughtered.
🚂💨
Hmm.  Look up local gamer groups on facebook and find someone bragging about it, then go steal it at 6 am when hardcore gamers have just gone to bed.
Im thinking about jumping in real quick
All in on GE
Otm SE calls expiring next week. If I wasn’t in the process of liquidating my portfolio. 250 strikes are up 7500 percent today lol
I’ve been riding the train all week!
Just a matter of time friend
We? Well WE need to go on vacation. Where are you taking us?
Yolo fsr and CDOX tomorrow
It was a better idea before ER. Now it's an average down idea
The casino where the dice never stop rolling
Solo $2.00c 6/18/2021
No need
Is this... is there a share point site or like a PowerPoint with the list?
I'll dr race you in my Saab, Saturn, sunbeam, Spyker, or scion
Don’t they have to disclose their trades?
If you take out your initial amount or just split it off and invest that more conservatively, even if you “lose it all” you’re still up.
I think most just look at it in investing.com app
lmao my FD puts also felt this
It's less about me and more about all the 21-25 year olds who have to sit around developing mental health issues rather than going out making memories with their friends
Nah thats an extra $270
Mostly “SPY 150 EOW!!” And “should I tell my parents to liquidate their 401k??”
Start small. Work two years, bust your ass, learn as much as you can and jump and make 6 figures. Try entry level jobs at NASA, or Lockheed, or Northrop Grumman, or something in defense if you have a clean background and can get a secret clearance.
YOLO
ALL ABOARD
Yeah, I thought I was doing good with my 80% gain. Wins a wins but shit
Just let it ride for 50 years and don't check.

Fisker grows to become an exotic EV manufacturer, gets purchased by Tesla, Tesla grows to swallow up Ford/GM/FiatChrysler to expand capacity, Tesla releases its first boats and personal autonomous aircraft, Elon becomes the richest person on the planet by 10x, Starlink expands to beam power to all devices on the surface that run on electricity rendering charging obsolete, Neuralink leverages unused human brain power to increase productivity of all human endeavors by 100x and we're paid a dividend of $100K/week for lending out our brains.

Your shares are worth $6B.
LOL
Friends come and go, girls come and go, the market is always there for u. Dont forget who gave you ur come up
Robinhood should have a feature that projects your gains/losses for the next year based on your history/current positions
They will automatically convert. Not a typical ipo but a Spac. All the rage this year apparently. The spac ipo’d and listed(KCAC), and QS will do a reverse merger with them. So shares get transferred.
It's less about me and more about all the 21-25 year olds who have to sit around developing mental health issues rather than going out making memories with their friends
Pretty damn close. 54% TSLA, 33% IIPR, the rest of them comprise the remaining leftover %
Yea I see no reason for either side to give a shit about passing it before then. Can’t let 1m+ evictions and 8b+ unpaid rent hit the market all at once though. With the 1T mortgage backed securities the fed has purchased dropping a “dynamite stick” like that into the duct tapped together economy would be quite the rug pull and not just for the peasants the 1% too so we won’t be seeing it.
Bought some calls today, lets hope!
I need a potential %200 day trade for tomorrow. Suggestions?
That’s enough DD for me!
Everything’s opposite in 2020
Hey, it's me NIO Train Captain. Hop on
Decent pay, job stability, career paths, good benefits, slower paced than most corps, and PENSION
I had a 2 month straight down streak, and it was because I was depositing small amounts making retarded plays. 

Absolutely awful
\-W - S - B - sports.. it's in the game
Shitcoin is up and gold is consolidating in a bull flag on the yearly. What dun gon happen?
Baba getting huge heat from their government.
Armed robbery
Treating such "interactions" as equal and assuming sick people interact as much as healthy people, and assuming an interaction with infected person is 50% transmission,

100 interactions is 39.5% chance of getting it

200 interactions is 63.3% chance of getting it

300 interactions is 77.8% chance of getting it
What ticker symbol do y’all use for vix futures on TOS?
So Ma had to give a little fellatio action to Xi and now we're all good?
I sold when it was $5.8 on 10/15. Top shows what they are worth today.
You are assigned an exercise and required to sell your shares. It applies to both puts and calls.
how would you ever know if the media is telling you the truth? only if it agrees with you?
Friday the 13th. Tmro is red confirmed
What about marjorie taylor greene
we playing 11/20 nio calls??
Isnt that important or something?
Nice. I’m Gonna start averaging in
Oh man! I sure hope the cat is okay. Your wife's boyfriend is going to be pisssssed about the cat...
thank you
Yes
Idk how you can be bullish tomorrow when it’s a Friday the 13th in 2020
Then have experience 

Just include WSB in your resume
Just wait until she fuckin someone else and you're crying your eyes out
Then you can just buy a shitty cheaper house and youre guaranteed to make money on it. Flip that money into the next house. Do repairs, build equity, sell, repeat. How is this not better than giving some rich boomer $1200 a month? If the market goes down and you dont have a house youre in a better position than anyone who owns one
Gz, f u
🤣🤣🤣
Don’t get me wrong, I still feel it will reach $100 next year but in the short term. I feel it’s going to bust.
Up to 4:30
Congratulations on literally being the stupidest person in this entire sub. It’s truly an accomplishment.
Puts on Facebook. Instagram sucks ass now
Sell before Jan 1
I believe this
Ha door dash probably the best cuz of this.
You’re making the right decision. This investment will be worth over $1 million. But im just another retard on this sub, idk shit.
Thanks. What about an entry point for shares?
Yes
I know what you mean .. used to be phased by thousands and now unphased by tens of thousands. But hope it doesn’t bite me in the ass and goes hundreds of thousands lol
35. Not bad. Positions?
I definitely got unwound in a great way
“Jim Cramer has a personality somewhat akin to Freddy Krueger.” I agree.
Herpes juice doesn't count
[removed]
Anyone want to help a brother get started with 1 tesla stock?
Definitely not “a while”.. but solid gains, dude!
Americans... I have some bad news. The economy... it’s been... destroyed.
march puts
This past Monday when it mooned 40%
Honestly I don’t think I’ll see you at 0. Looks like you use pretty tight stop losses and don’t yolo your entire account at once. 10 points for not having a retarded looking graph like many gain posts here.
Curious as to why you thought that was a good idea?
Probably 23.35 but check my math
"We have reached a permanently high plateau."
I'd let her do far worse than that.
I’d let Mamala
cause they pussies
Dude if anyone with a reasonable size account started piling into shares, wsb can gamma squeeze it.
Ya, but i'm pretty sure it did though 
so... they weren't exactly wrong
Comp Sci is a bitch degree in tier 1s/FAANG. Speaking from experience - currently at G, previously at the two As. We love math and physics majors that can write algos, not dumbass comp sci code monkeys. DM me if you want a referral. We could use more autists to dump their sign-ons on weeklies
You have leaps just hold when this bs is over the baba rally will be jaw dropping
DIX up, my pp like
[deleted]
[deleted]
Good boi📈✅‼️
I cashed in early at 85. This going 100 soon
Yes What about them though
Most fun ive ever had. I literally got fired because I was on my phone all day for 3 weeks
When you’re 20, a year feels like forever
Anybody have a life hack to get the PS5 or Xbox Series S
Making money. Where’s my grand?
Wtf! Cash out some of those gainz to buy me a badge plz lol
And we know that another is coming, at least 500bn. Lose my number.
i’ve got a shit load of PLUG shares up 40% bought them Nov 3rd very happy
I just do 500$ per month
Ya, like 125K in Monopoly money. Not too shabby. We have very colourful money here
well you get what you vote for
Probably up. Don’t bet against the mouse.
I’m shorting over 50 too brother, either we lose a little or win a lot.
Had a small 7k portfolio so about 5.8kish. As a 19 year old college kid though lmao it hit hard. I made 2k into 6k with spy puts and doubted the fuck out of Jpow. Got ass raped
shitcoin to da moon u dumb dumbsss
Buying deep itm tech leaps (pelosi)
Do what now?

*sent from my Pontiac Grand Prix*
Jews
I got 4 ads in a row from Rocket. It’s a sign from the gods 🚀🚀
Right? I feel bad for a generation of 21-25 year olds who get to sit at home developing mental health issues rather that going out and making memories with their friends
China has 1 billion people. Even in that market alone, the amount of possible customers for Chinese EVs sold is immense
Same thing happened to me on robinhood Monday. Tried to sell my CCL, AAL, XOM and FANG calls, but it showed up as backlogged/wouldn’t go through. Fortunately, when the trades finally got put through they sold for an average of 1.00 more than the price I had put in for the sell price.
Yeah and we KNOW that at least a 500bn is coming early next year. Even 🐢 supports that. Stimmy was an unknown in March.
Real talk.
Do you wear underwear in the shower to hide your incredibly small penis from yourself as well?
grabbed a lotto ZM 500C 11/27 yesterday. up 180% at close today. didnt know ER was a week later after my contract expires. Guess ill play the run up now.
not selfish at all!
I like your funny words magic man
Very true
I’d let AOC spit in my mouth
How did you do this
Tech is the future. Everything else sucks balls
It works until it doesnt
[removed]
It's a gift. 

In reality this year would have just been boring as shit, but now you get to pretend you were robbed of greatness.
This video made me want to invest in them even more.
I’d pay $1000 to know what US Senators are doing with their portfolios right now
Optionsprofitcalculator.com is ye boyo
I own a little NIO but avoid Chinese stocks for the most part for obvious reasons. But now that it looks like Biden will become the president I’m feeling a bit more confident but still hate the idea of investing in China. How much is the soul worth.
there was also a legend by the name of separate-variation who was the reason why half the sub got wiped
cheaper PFE calls for when they juice the market again with more empty vaccine promises
Hey look! A wild prick!
🙏
Good benefits though
C’mon man
CRSR🚀
Now you buy some time on those contracts too
Yesss oh my god like 400 shares might get called away tomorrow. I cant afford another assignment
[deleted]
What's the general consensus on Disney? I inversed myself right before close and got a 150c 11/13 that I'm slightly regretting now
But muh dividends
Did you buy any options?
AMZN up 100% in Tendie Town
You mean executed? Calls are executed and puts are assigned, no?
You donut
Did you buy any options?
This is a question of

1. When will a lockdown happen
2. When will the market react

My feeling is that the market will start to react a few weeks before lockdowns are absolutely needed.  That is when to buy puts. Until then, they will bleed theta.

  Some might say that time is now though. I have already let too many puts bleed theta to count.  I personally am gonna wait it out till December and hopefully I don't miss out on the next dip.    

If current trends continue, we should reach full hospitalization capacity sometime in December.  Usually the market rallies into the new year.

But it's anyone guess when is the right time to buy puts.
[deleted]
Just up sell your analytical experience and learn some SQL. Reframe your experience with math as problem solving, thinking creatively, scaling your solution...etc. Feel free to message if your wanna chat on this.
If this is the case; become rich off calling the pumps and putting the dumps.
Username checks out.
I would only recommend selling calls on shares you own. So you would need at least 100, so yeah more capital involved.
depends on where you live.. places like san Francisco you can use any and they will be good
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Thanks4TheFishOK the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
4k is putting it nicely....
I am proud to say i was the first person to abbreviate it to DT6 and it kinda caught on but not really
Tesla is dead to me until I can actually buy the solar roof they've been "selling" for 2 years now.
Stock dipped a bit, but people who were actually on the call seem to think that the company has got strong fundamentals and long-term strength.
Yeah it was fucking great holding tqqq.
best of luck to you too sir!!!!
Will be throwing a big party if AMZN moons to 3.5 by eom.
Okay. so pretty much just buy right when market opens. gotcha!! thank you
Invest in laser printer production
Jokes on you, I enjoy being entered
Will shares of KCAC automatically convert to QS at the IPO? And I’m sure no one knows, but would it be cheaper to buy KCAC now or could QS shares possibly be cheaper?
Glad you got the joke.
So BA calls?
Not the info you want but the advice you need. Just replace “brochure” with “wsb post”
Fat cat
NIO is the one true haven
So next year lmao
Learn python or R
I have no experience career wise and am having difficulties having any employers bite merely based on my academic credentials.
The early debt payment is a sign that other stuff is going on behind the scenes... however we need to give ourselves time to be right. This should go up due it its historically cyclical nature, but the squeeze could be any time so it is best to get 2022 calls to give ourselves more time to be right. Can sell puts to generate remedies to buy calls with in the meantime
Yup, you know.
Why? What’s on Monday?
It’s a quote from the current potus
Stimulus $$ ya dumb shit
Teach me your ways
So about those RKT puts I picked up today...
i smell fear
Stop falling for it. Also biotechs pull the same shit.
I too had a concussion. 🤕
Could be. At this point I feel like Nio is defying any negative sentiment from over EVs. If Li goes down, instead of sympathy I feel everyone will go to Nio as a haven. If the market in general is down though, different story.
Same thing they say every day when they aren’t on recess lol
Not a good stock to sell covered calls on right now. Ask me how I know.
bears were walkin around with their dix out ...........literally
If things go as planned and the launch works well and Branson goes up q1, how high you think spce is going?
Imagine giving up life's pleasures because the TV people told you that your grandma is going to die
Crazy. It was less than a year ago, and nothing particularly great was even happening in my life, and I get nostalgic for it sometimes. Felt like being in a movie.
Please tell what you’re future investment plans are so I can buy puts against them
Depositing with lil money will wipe you out. Try waiting for an opportunity and throwing like 3k at it
I’m down 15k over the last 5 months. Been a bumpy ride
roberto rodriguez the spy kids director?
You can’t buy options unless it’s during open market hours 9:30am-4est

I’d wait until 9:31 then place the order
I was actually just thinking that yesterday! I have a bad track record with buying options. Not sure how you magical beasts make money on them.  But I’ve never tried selling them before.
Already has giant premium, too late
I just need AAPL to stay below $119 by close tomorrow so I don’t get assigned.
These days are givin me anxiety trading 😕
[deleted]
Whomst among us could have foreseen this lmao
broke: epidemiology 

woke: TA on infection graphs
90% of the comments were “Drill team 6”
Wow I’m like sad seeing this, I wish I had that
plenty of ink....   jpow bethinks demand gonna flatline... may as well cancel all mortgages...  2022.... spx will fall harder than any crash ever seen....
No he won’t. He hasn’t wanted to shut down the country yet. He’s Donald pump, so he want stonk to moon
Perfect
How do you feel about the 1/15/21’s being safe? Been holding them since Oct 29th, strike 30. I want to hold through earnings and into December but I really can’t decide what to do...
[deleted]
I just found this information posted today actually. Could we be in for a special announcement next week at this conference they were INVITED to? https://finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/tff-pharmaceuticals-present-jefferies-virtual-140000867.html?__twitter_impression=true

And this in response to powder vaccine posted yesterday https://www.fiercepharma.com/vaccines/amid-cold-chain-blues-pfizer-looks-to-powder-vaccine-formula-2021-report
F that reinvest and buy a house or lambo or whatever u fancy girls come n go money my friend solves all problems
Wizard sleeve
SPY has been too boring lately.
STUPID DIS SHIT
Fucking Canadian tendies

That’s times 1.3 gains in Canadian cucks (bucks$)
I bought a 19 Mar 21 $7.5 Call for about .45 last week. It doubled to 1.025 and sold half an hour before close earlier today. Had I YOLO’d my entire account would’ve doubled 🤦🏽‍♂️

Next time there’s a crash imma buy back in. Think EV market was a bit hyped cause some other Chinese EV company beat expectations greatly.
Bro crazy days... if you want to watch it happen again this winter live check out StockMarketLive on YouTube he livestreams 5 days a week
This is the sign we've been waiting for...
Looks old as shit, definitely not a newer generation
I know someone that took a communications degree and now makes 135k 6 years out of college.
That's how you get the tendies, what you want raw tendies or something?
Special Officer Doofy reporting fer duty!
I hedged my bet by buying both and its not great
straight up to 200 and around back to 20s lol
Whenever the eviction halt ends is when we will get stimulus. They don’t care if you gotta eat ramen and drink from your neighbors water hose. Can’t be crashing their housing market though.
You must be very smart to follow through with a math degree. Look into working for the government or becoming an actuary. Lots of opportunities available.
Fuck value, fuck travel, fuck energy boring boomer shit.  Fake ass vaccine news always pumps then dumps them.

Sector rotation back to tech, the only safe haven
There was a massive stimulus deal, you dolt. Literally trillions of dollars pumped into the economy.
Baba $270 USD almost in HK. Lets bounce back baby.
?
Thanks, retard.
Da best
Made bank on puts this week dont know yall are talking about.
dumb question ( new to RH ) , what happens if I were to buy right now during market closed? Will my order be executed right when market opens at market open price?
Ban.
The strat is to short a stock, and ask the ceo to talk shit to government
Don’t be like me and buy back in higher after you take a loss too, I was being greedy

Hopefully we open down far enough where we don’t even have to consider taking a loss
Agree
See, that was what was awesome about Mango. He would only let us have short recessions. With a normal president, we could get another crappy  recession that doesn't end after a month
Keep it up!!
Why so they can make a % off of putting in SPY?
Congrats and ...
If I have 3 options on es bought for 18.25, how much do I need to sell them at to make $500
okay there bud, GL with SOLO
Get into machine learning my dude
Doesn't matter how fun I am if I can't see my friends
Everyone's misinterpreting this. Powpow is saying the economy has been fundamentally shifted by coronavirus – ergo, BUY TECH
Israel sucking china's dick NIO 🚀🚀🚀
Ubereats - mad promos for days ya hosers!
We handle an irrational market rationally and a rational market irrationally.
Whoa puts galore on hyg dec/Jan today
[deleted]
Just telling you what his plan is
A lot more exciting.
Working for the government sounds terrible
As long as they create new treasury bonds and buy them the printer will infinitely go BRRRR
Thats what everyone said about Nio being the new Tesla
Umm
Dudes were doubling thier accounts daily on it. I was ont of them then I went all in on calls at the top.
ray charles saw that coming
You’re right that could dip spy for a matter of DAYS. Silver leaps you fucking dolt.
Jesus
 No experience career wise.
Nothing wrong discussing future derivatives
SNOW 315..haven’t heard that name in years.
In my 30’s feeling grateful I was able to experience my 20’s without any hindering.
name 3 things that dont require microsoft
watch “Aunty Donnas Big Ol’ house of fun” on netflix.  Thank me later.
I’m not sure what shit coin is, and at this point I’ve made too much money on it to ask.
How high does DKNG go tomorrow?
Should have voted trump 🤷‍♂️
That's not enough money for BABA DOCU March calls
Ur mum
Interesting - do you need more capital up front though?
I wish I coulda witnessed them glory days as well, just imagine being loaded with puts🤧
[deleted]
So? As long as you’re within an hour of a big city you’re good man. Travel up on weekends. Focus on work and family during the week. It’s tried and true
cash out plz
thats why i said depending on valuation brosef
yeah look at APPL :) after earnings that shit mooned last q

or look at nio competitors... earnings mooned \~40% lol
Imagine thinking people wont panic sell when when the daily death numbers top march.
This dude is a frequent member of “APWorld”

He’s a fucking high schooler. Fuck.
Awesome!
It’s amazing how many times this has happened and still people get faked out. 

We’ve had like 10 vaccine talks going well pump and dumps since June when we dumped once we realized we weren’t just reopening immediately
Thanks I absolutely hate this
dude I was pooping and a huge log shot out of my ass so fast it literally broke the sound barrier and blew my cat's eardrums out now were on the way to the vet LOL!
2-3 am est
First cruise line to sail has 5 corona cases. Puts on all cruise lines.
350 then, I think they can surpass Tesla with all of China's resources behind them.
Wow. Gimme gimme those kinds of gains
positions or ban
Tsla 520 EOY
Doggy obviously 🙄
I think that means it will drop to 6.66 tomorrow
Imagine being this fucking dumb
The problem is no experience
Is that why spy pumped all throughout the summer?
For me, depositing less than 500 has never worked out. 

Ever. 

The only times I'm tempted to do that so when I want to buy lottos and it never ends well.

500 min options at least 2 weeks out.
Did they buy NIO puts? I’d need to be held too
Good job brother
Yes! We have all of the quality answers ask away!
I'll never get over how much Philip rivers throws like a girl.
Im guessing late 30s or 40s
$ODP $30 11/13/2020 All in
Tech you dirty girl, go up for me and I’ll take my girl to a fancy dinner tomorrow
The federal government has the authority to enact a shutdown since pandemics interfere with interstate commerce. However, if for some insane reason the federal government decides to do nothing, then lockdowns are up to the states.
I’m new here. What was this place like in March when peak covid happened and multiple circuit breaker days etc.
No lockdown till Christmas + the vaccine news would keep the markets from any deep red dive. How come these people become strategist I wonder
[removed]
Most of this sub is filled with literal teenagers who just hop on whatever the first comment in the daily thread tells them to.
I want you to look at SPY over the summer while all this shit was happening.
Congrats brother, you just unlocked the red theme!
🤤
[deleted]
[deleted]
If I had 2000 shares I would sell weeklies. I only have 200, but 55c 11/20 are 2.42 a pop... That's almost 5k a week and you get 10% buffer on the stock... sound like a no brainer if you are rolling with shares.
Whatever happens it’s going back to $420 lol
[deleted]
US government just got their hands on 1 billion of them
Fuck off people only did that because they've lost money on Nio
that full bore dow rally fizzled. people are afraid to cash up for another month. come january theyre gonna buy
fake and gay
MM gunna cash in on PLTR options tomorrow.
Congrats!
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**MOMO**|**$20**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.48**|**$15.26**|**3573**|**51**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfonxhgi0820770ur12w2uw) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/pricej055/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
You mean all that stuff that happened while the market came all over this summer?
It’s overrated. Can’t get away with shit. Have to follow strict social guidelines and it’s loud constantly. Country life is best. Choose a small town approx 45 min away from the nearest bigger city. Close enough to drive to on the weekends and party but far enough away that you can avoid the shitty city nonsense. People are so much more amicable literally anywhere outside the city as well. Lower population makes it easier to empathize with individual persons and the family owned businesses motivate you to contribute to your community. And finally county roads are so much fun. Barely anyone out there so you can have a bit of fun speeding or driving really slow your choice. Beautiful sites everywhere you go. So many hidden areas to park and just chill smoking a joint and self reflecting while watching the sunset over a valley. I could never live in the big city long term I would eventually go insane like everyone else in the city
Google search HKG: 9988
Me neither, just want a FAT dip to buy
[removed]
Everything ends
At what time do stonks get assigned?
[deleted]
You sound fun
Both holding Stonks that only go Uppies.
Under
There are a ton of options with a math degree. A lot of government analysis jobs look for a math degree, or data scientist or statistician at a large corp if that’s your thing. People in my industry think people who have math degrees are intelligent. I don’t think they’re wrong.
i dont have puts but same
My account hit above 25 K today. Im really doing it guys!
You can't find a job with a math degree?  So you didn't learn any soft skills at all, eh?
Listen noone knew. I sold around 400 shares at around $4-$6
Are you gonna play er run up?
Hey could be worse, you could’ve gotten a communications degree and worked as barista lead at the local university Starbucks.
If nio booms to $100 this is going to be a legendary meme.
[deleted]
Oh not good it’d be time for Puts
I thought earnings was bad, are you suspecting people will gobble it up because its cheap atm? What leaps are you looking at?
6 month chart on CHWY looks messy.
Ya fucked yo
Woah you know La Grange’s principle?? Totally useful in the field

No yeah get one of those accredited online certifications in C++ and get ur ass to wallstreet so you can burn the big boy tendies
They’re all the same just different options. 

Also Yelp owns grubhub and imo their app is better
I'm just happy someone on this thread knows what DIA is. Thats been my play over SPY lately.
Two month old article
I’ve got two large investments in TRIL and OCUL. For tril, hoping for a 5-7bil buyout. For OCUL, 3-4bil. Timeframe one to two years. If you want to be risk on yet not have to cry about it day to day, you can try that. Tril data presentation end of this year (ASH)
Sleepy Joe Biden is a disaster. Trump is a stable genius!
Truer words....
Starting last Friday, we had a start of a stream of patients flowing into the hospital, all with lungs looking like trash on X-ray and CT. It was exactly like the beginning of March in the days before the avalanche. And this is in NY where the rules and behavior are generally pretty good. We are just getting started and we are fucked.
Nancy ended her friendship with Steve. President elect and a potential blue senate are her best friends now.
> there are people with bulletproof plays

no such thing
You don’t realize how much you love someone until you’re there for them when they’re sad. There may be nothing you can do to help that person feel better at that very moment, but sometimes all you can do is hold them, and hold them tight.
[removed]
Where can I see the current short interest in ZM? I’m sure idiots have piled on to it and are gonna get squeezed for earnings. The increased Covid can only be a sweet bonus.
This is goin green.
Y tho. Like it’s so much easier to make money on nio calls lol
WSB, markets, Twitter 95% of my phone usage but absolutely addicted to checking those three.
Yeah buddy but it’s ok
how do you hear about stocks like NIO before they’re popular?
$66.69*
Just like when we all went in on Luckin Coffee.
Thanks Robinhood! The new UI makes me feel even more retarded when looking at my all time losses! (Hold your finger and drag left to right)
No clue you would have to look it up.
Imagine thinking surging numbers/hospitalizations/deaths, lockdowns, no stimulus, political turmoil won’t affect markets at all.
Will NIO dip after earnings or nah?
Which Power of 10 would you like as your designation?
imagine thinking the market is FoRwARd LukIn
if this was a Chinese grinder I'd be all in!
[deleted]
Airbnb, doordash and roblox confirmed IPOs this year. depending on valuation, going balls deep for a swing.
Less risky.Selling options allows for a predetermined exit price + premium that you keep whether they buy or not.
Bought 6 JD 80calls on the dip this week. This morning they hit 100% gain. I sold 3 and now I can only make profit from here on out on. It's less risk/reward but it's a great spot to be in. I'm thinking of adding more calls further out now since the more DD I've done the more I like JD
I use UberEats
It's okay, you did good.
[deleted]
It really is a monster stock. Thanks man
Anyone playing zm er run up?
$XPEV is next after NIO, wait your turn.
[removed]
Not sure if you can read but I said I don’t even look. It’s some weird OCD things Instagram programmed me to have so I come back to the app.
Super glad that I have to sacrifice a year of my 20s because a couple fossil people died of a slightly worse than average flu
I’m having an existential crisis. Did I make a mistake getting a math degree? No one seems to take me seriously. Now I’m chasing something useful like programming or some technical field that is practical. Someone here tell me I didn’t fuck up getting a useless math degree.
[deleted]
All in Docu
Yes
God I hope the market pukes tomorrow
[deleted]
CHWY $75.
bout tree fiddy
DoorDash with the dash pass actually saves me money
[removed]
Nope. Pelosi didn’t budge on 2.2 let alone 1.2. Mitch wouldn’t budge over whatever he threw out there to die. There was a bipartisan bill that was 1.5 and both sides killed it. No on actually wanted stimulus
🤡
My hedge would make up for all call losses and probably net me a profit.
Pays big premium for leaps, pussies out
That means boom bitch right to 66$
DIA vs QQQ is in the top 10 anime battles of all time.
anyone paying attention to shitcoin?
Imagine thinking the next 6 months won’t effect the future
1 in 33 Americans have had COVID

1 in 100 are active cases

jfc you walk into a grocery store and you're already exposed to like 40. Need gas? oh there's another 20 more from touching the pump. Leaving your apartment complex? Hey 16 people touched that elevator button. Puts on everything
LMAO now that's one way to get it
Waste of fucking time.
[removed]
Friendly reminder: Stimulus talks going well.
I’m shorting NIO. Am I retarded?
I was thinking DKNG but I guess dicks made more sense
Who wants to live in Wisconsin
true, thanks man, ur the best! can i follow ur trades until i get back on my feet? prolly gonna do some theta gang
I always tell the truth even when I'm lying
[deleted]
What is the best food delivery app? I use grubhub. Are the other ones (doordash, postmates, UberEats) any better/cheaper? Or about the same?
Please don’t come to Texas because our housing prices are actually starting to go up finally and it’s making me depressed. Everyone local is leaving ASAP because they are sad watching our state completely change. I meet more people from California on a daily basis than Texas and I live in a working man country town. Half the people out here working the hard jobs like me are from Orange County ffs and it makes me sad because I don’t want Texas to be California. I want it to be Texas. Their architecture is exploding and absolutely taking over as well.
Lmaoo i aient got no pp. I got WAP ;)
Under
Sell deep ITM puts - and explain to your broker that the law prohibits them from assigning you stock because you're not allowed to hold Chinese stock.
Using it now, can’t figure out if it’s only for options priced today. 

I’m trying to calculate it with options I bought on the 29th of October.
Yeah. And when that catalyst finally hits. You will printZ
fauci a dum bish 😡😡😡
That's low of them
But his DD makes complete sense so idk worth a flyer maybe
Breaking: Surprise Bleach News from Clorox. 99.9% effective on bacteria and cooties. That is all.
I think e-commerce is the key here. 

They killed it moving to e-commerce and I think they'll post better numbers than most are expecting. 

That's why I'm in 165c 11/27. I'm expecting it to get to 168 or even 9 and then sell with the rest of the time value for a modest gain
I’m gonna buy calls tomorrow
2k for March calls. BABA or DOCU? I cant decide between the two. Help me out! BABA is so cheap right now but DOCU is the future.
Now would that really happen
That line looks like my recent blood pressure. Awesome job.
December is bear month, be easy for now
How many PLTR shares/options y’all got?
Remember son always inverse WSB. These ugly ass stupid cars are nothing compared to the absolute FOMO people get about missing out on “the next Tesla”.
LULU
big facts. I personally can live without trendy weird shops and put cost and living situation first so honestly I'll move wherever, as long as the housing is good.

We need to stop drooling over crapholes like LA or NYC and just move to homier slightly smaller towns for those sweet sweet house prices.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/pricej055 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Where can I check this info, thanks in advance
[deleted]
Just get whiskey.
How’s my boy AMZN doing? Are we winning?
Bought the NIO Nov 20 43 calls yesterday and am already up 133%. Don’t know why we don’t all just pump the shit out of this stock/contracts and cash out after earnings - no way NIO doesn’t blow it out!!!
Can’t wait until we get a GoPuff IPO. I love that app
I only allow myself to check once a week
Over plz
You have to make money to lose money. Write that down.
Wawaweewow
The less I know about a ticker before buying, the better
Wow no wonder you’re up 10x, those are some nice strikes and expirys!
2000 n late b
Will they still be playing Rudolph?
I’m tempted  to buy in
It's the only thing keeping my portfolio alive
Holy cock whores
DIX Heads - bigly DIX number is bullish for tomorrow, right? And that moderate decline on GEX Enter the Gecko means... I 'unno.
Why you tryna take puts with expiry before he's even sworn in
You don’t refresh every 30 secs?
Trump will shut it down before Biden takes office if Trump concedes.
New normal. People are numb to it.
😂😂😂😂
New season of Dexter is coming out.  I'm not privy to the details, but I'm pumped.
I call this a little while ago https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jfogbj/fsly_is_looking_ripe_for_a_killing/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share.

Fsly hit $79 after hours today up 5.5% during market and 4% AH.  Jump in.  Their story is compelling.

Fsly is growing very well about 42% you WITHOUT any consideration for additional revenue from TikTok Q3 of this year moving forward. It would just be gravy.

I could see it easily hitting $82 tomorrow and maybe $90 by eom.

Tons of call for Jan 2021 $80 and $90.
LI to $50
Fukin huge if true
[deleted]
Yes
[deleted]
BABA up 2.4 percent in hong kong
Fucking idiots
No they weren’t. Nancy wanted her original 2+ trillion and Trump went as high as 1.8 and it still wasn’t enough and or she didn’t want to send out checks that said Donald Trump before the election.
FSR shares
Only the biggest survive nowadays this isn’t capitalism. There will literally be 10 companies in 2050 that do everything a consumer needs.
Hit the gym. Hit the books. Get some nice clothes. Take time off from trading. Work on you brother. When you're in the right headspace, than do thetagang with the 150k.

You'll make way more money and be infinitely happier
Sent dick pics to a mod
[removed]
Damn you and your low cost basis.
Lol why are you hiding the value pussy
Did stimulus talks just end? Nancy and Munchlax pumped and dumped the market for months and all of a sudden they both disappear.
[deleted]
Imagine buying FTCH for $16 and selling at $18

thats me
Market will bleed down slowly with pumps at the worst times so you don’t make money until further vaccine data comes out from mrna and pfizer. After both come out with disappointing research we will crash so fucking hard. (This is how a logical brain works) 

Don’t think like this brain, you will lose money. Do the opposite. Plz.
Are you not waiting for a dip?  So is everyone else.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** They may say I’m a dreamer... but I’m not the only one

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt93is
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt93is) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Rentokil93, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
DabHits
Thebush121
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Understandable. My point is to make sure people know you appreciate the tips
Stupid question but how does one get to that much in stocks? How much do you need to invest? lol
Can I have that to pay my student loan off???
$XPEV 100%
I recommend calls and puts and straddles on all tickers. Give me my cut of your winners please.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Facts

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt8r8q
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt8r8q) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ministeruwu, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ministeruwu
Billygoatmike
Thebush121
Covid vaccine and NIO calls
[🥴should’ve bought more & at a better strike](https://i.imgur.com/3POCUVB.jpg)
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
Imagine thinking the market can’t look ahead 6 months
[removed]
Let me know when the average death age drops under 80 then I’ll start worrying about case numbers
Nio.
I feel like the best time to jump in a stonk is when it’s rocketing with no catalysts, a great indicator of retard strength
[removed]
That requires discipline  and not being greedy hardest parts about trading
I think Belgium hit the US equivalent of 400k cases per day at one point. We can go up a lot more. 

Who cares. Stonks go up
What?
Brass monkeys are so good. Best way to have a beer with breakfast.
Do you see any reason why target wont fuck up earnings estimates again? Covid changes from Q2-Q3 were not major, if anything people became more comfortable leaving home
go back to your bunker sleepy
$1.8 Trillion
What color model s you getting?
XPEV gang not dead they are the gentleman’s club
Draft kings over or under $45 tomorrow?
its goin get shitty when students go home t.g. everybody sik by xmas
people think their friends arent contagious, but 30% to 50% of peple you see are contagious per my doc amd tv docs
small group spread is the thing

iam as bull as bull can be, but looking for dips, might find canyons.
Huh? Biden was vp when all that nsa,cia, and Snowden shit was going on. I figured biden would be good for pltr (even tho thiel supports trump).
Amazon = the world
You can buy now but it'll print. Nothing earth shattering but it'll hit.
Tesla tried and failed at battery swap as well
You attacking me?
Yo, did this guy buy stock? This guy gots small pp.
Professional*
[deleted]
I'm just trolling. You're good man! 👍 

Obligatory - NIO $17c 1/15/21
                    - NIO $35c 1/15/22
Charity posts sure but god damn do not send people money for stock advice
[removed]
I don’t dabble in the dark way of the bear, but with the state of things I kind of feel like it should be pretty bearish in here. No real federal gov, no promise of stimulus in the cooking months, record covid, potential of shut downs in progressive states... seems like bearish times.
ya? alright sounds like a move
I need to learn to quit when I’m behind. If it’s red I usually hold on to that shit till it evaporates
He looks like a President in one of those movies telling everybody an asteroid is about to hit the earth.
So let it be written, so let it be done.
Top is in boys, pack it on up.
God bless
Talk to you in a month
Thanks for the help
Your ass is safe
Fucking Nigerian scam, i’ll take some poots
You should have sold today before close
All my shit went down.  Fuck Pfizer and fuck the vaccine.  Coronavirus forever.
Locked in now I guess
Might never made money. Do it
Yup
try it then. you are competing against the world's best traders and you ask why it isn't free. get a grip. buying at -3rd standard deviation from vwap in globex is as close to free money as it gets to free in futues, but even then they can trap you
You cannot fight the world.. you will lose
Oh shidd rumor where
Buy it now or wait for a dip before?
Lol as if other companies don't always have production capabilities. Ford is pumping out an f150 every couple seconds. It just took a while for them to develope entirely new vehicles or adapt brand new powertrains they deemed suitable and ready for market (something tesla doesnt). Plus demand is there. As it is only 1 tesla is in the top 10 highest selling EVs in the word currently? And right now the legacy manufacturers are announcing a new ev model every month and unlike tesla i actually have confidence they will build the ones they say they will lol
$FSR and $FUBO my friend
Lock it ALL Down till January 20th. Make it so.
Sell now dumbass
So when pfizer vaccine news came, saw bunch of youtubers saying “hey tech is done, there are other sectors opening up and money is flowing there”. Good thing I dont take them seriously otherwise I would have kept my money hostage for months bagholding. Lol.
sir, this is an old joke
JPow is just screwing with everyone. He's about to load up on Spy calls as soon as people start to sell. 

The calibre of hookers and blow that these Washington types need is very expensive. Much more refined tastes than us retards. He's just padding out that 401k for retirement.
Sometimes for premium colors, not every base color lol.  Was just looking at a Stingray Corvette and they only upcharge for premium colors, and even then only $500.  And they probably manage to paint the whole car unlike the retards at Tesla who keep missing spots based on recent reviews.
SPXS has fucked me harder than Dagger dick Dan  in county prison
Want to make a change?  Invest / gamble in whatever makes the most profit then donate portion of gainz in what you believe will help.
Get in Nio tommorow at market open going to run up all day
iirc Mnuchin, Pelosi, and Trump were all down for a 1.2tn compromise stimmy and Mitch said no? Or am I making this up rn
Pretty sure thats a big time no-no lol
hell yeah XPEV 1/15 50C
I’ll be contacting you shortly to discuss your services.
PM*
Too late beat you too it in both bank accounts and portfolio.
[deleted]
I might call in to work tomorrow morning and chug half a handle of vodka and YOLO 3k on 0dte SPY puts. Stay tuned.
My pleasure!
You think people will really want their tiny cars lol?
He’s going to deny everything until almost the end and then just peace out a week early to Florida without telling anyone.
Oh shit we going to the moon? I’m all ears daddy
You got less than 10k in there? Just hold it. Your girlfriend is going to be gone pretty soon anyway.
Decided to start new season of gold rush, immediately Made me think of you. And idk how I feel about it
Let’s face it. Green by pre-market. I know it, you know it. Even the faggy bears know it. No real red day starts off with -0.20% futes. I wipe my ass with -0.20% futes. Then I don’t even flush cuz that shit is so light.
Subscribe
Send them a share or donate to charity they choose. Just show you appreciate it.
[deleted]
Honest opinion: We have till at least 2023. The fed and rates control this whole shit show and they’re not changing till then
So why would I invest in it now, retard? I'll get in at the *top* in 4 months...
they got rid of the economy
Close enough.
That jawn would be the next NIO
Those are rookie numbers. Lmk when we hit 1 million cases a day.
I am in this picture and I love it
[deleted]
rule 4
Put all of my money I earned working at my fast food job into my account and then buying calls for NIO. TBH I don't know what calls are, or even how to buy them, but I'm gonna try to buy 'em.
160k
Holy shit I only bought one contract and thought it was bad 🥴
[deleted]
More like a truck load of salt
[removed]
GRAB ZM 700c and lock this bitch down!
I was legit heartbroken dude. But let's see what earnings has in store for us
Let's pretend to be afraid.  It's Friday the 13th tomorrow.

Calls it is.. as usual
Why do you think this? I’ve got an 11/20 440 covered call I’m way up on, curious on your reasoning because I might buy it back
Lol, true. Their main entry point is when the stock is at an ATH
Because the housing market always goes up.... except when it doesn't and fucks over everybody and leaves millennials mentally scarred for life over home ownership
They’re the largest population in the world, they clap hella cheeks
The options formulas work for all stocks.  Just pick your poison.
100 even
Too low imo
Don't hide your size from us big man. Show the sub your pp
He closed his puts yesterday
No, not at all. Just be patient. They will keep growing
Nice man!! I’m in the same position with PLUG. Both are great alternative energy solutions and both have great futures.
Do not “give people their cut” wtf
Damn ur a pussy
Ban
Calls or puts, TSLA always touches 420.
Idk man. I’ve been depressed for other reasons the last two years. Led to me doing some incredibly stupid shit. Lost like $40k gambling at casinos due to depression. When I think about it I get sad. But the sooner you erase it from memory and focus forward you can improve. 

Exercise, walk, run, bike, etc to build positive habits and make you feel good about yourself. . I then started reading a lot about biotech stocks. Been putting a ton of money into that while dabbling with options. 

Since last Tuesday, my account is up like $50k. Have core biotech position and trade in and out of bullshit. I mostly shitpost here. 

Even baby steps build up your self esteem. Not everything is about money, and when you start valuing other things besides money, making and losing money becomes easier.
"Rabies? Who cares!"
all 0 of them
Wow, why doesn't everybody just double their money every year?
Hey I just came back from the future, NIO gonna hit 52 tomorrow EOD.
really liquid ones like spy or aapl
[deleted]
This is what I yold my brother. I said he should yolo on chinese stonks
Bear King 👑 Fauci 👴🏻 says LOCK 🔒 it down 👁👄👁
That’s what it’s all about at the end of the day, just trying to spread the Nio love, sorry if I offended
How is trading futures not free $
Who got baited into bagholding boomer stocks again by the MMs?
at min
Someone say FOMO?
Tyron checking in.
I simply dont listen to the news and instead look at the lines to base my trades. 

Vaccine comes out? Thats a 2% down day. 

No vaccine spikes across the country, NYC shutting down? Thats a +3% my man
On that note, I was actually debating just straight up going for QQQ LEAPS. I don’t think I’d be making too much for premium though on my covered calls.
I got 5/21/21 50 & 55c
Optionsprofitcalculator.com has been an amazing to that I don’t use nearly enough.
150k cases in a day. what the fuck
PCG, thing barley moves at all
"imagine you've found yourself in a situation where you're naked in bed with a woman" 

Lost me right there.
Imagine having 200 billion and not having hair on your head
Welcome to Chyna
No shit.  We are fucked bad and mango is too busy being in denial of fucking the election to do anything helpful.  Rotation back into tech it is.
Those bastards once moved me till final round of interviews in a well paid tech job and then ghosted me.. 

Puts on them for life
Made a few hundred with Puts on PFE.
It you have shares and you're not continually placing higher stop losses as the stock bounces up the retard ladder, you deserve your losses.

If you're playing options and you aren't securing your initial investment when it's up 100% in 2 months, you probably at least qualify for disability.
RCL still has room to drill if you’re looking to hop in lmao. Free money as they say
If by nightmares you mean neuroblastoma then yes
Im almost up 50k at +45% and yet i still feel like a loser when i see shit like this.
I exclusively do theta gang but this is America so I’ll give a handout
Damn. Forgot about the promised land
Nas +2.15%, S&P +1.4%, Dow +.75% by 9:30
Well done. Congrats. I'm also in on NIO but have been shamefully selling on the ride up.
I will never get tired of this meme format
Boys remember to thank people that give you winning plays on here.

Someone posted GRWG calls against earnings and was right on the money. 

I saved the comment and thanked him.

I didn't make any money because I sold but if I cashed out I'd have reached out to give him his cut. 

We've got a huge community here and there are people with bulletproof plays. 

Who can ever forget the SSTK calls guy back in June? If people drop plays and you hit, thank them and give them a cut. 

That way others will be more encouraged to share plays. Let's make this thread even better. 

TGT 165c 11/27 against earnings for a nice 100% gain.
Bro you’re better off playing blackjack on high min tables than doing that.
Baba will bounce back
It's a shame Wawa isn't publicly traded. I'd make it 100% of my portfolio.
[removed]
Which stock can one use for this ?
MAN HES GOING FOR BILLIONS WHAT A MAD MAN
Equilibrium
How tf is it already Friday tomorrow? Feels like yesterday Pfizer gave us all a 24 hr erection with their news
dude. im losing my ass left and right. im selling everything and buying nio calls first thing in the fucking morning. idc anymore...
Made 500
I talk more in these discussion threads than to my own friends.
Yee but all the others red
Then you ain’t black! -Joe Biden
Currently trend means 147 million total new cases by 1/27.
thx for the groundbreaking revalation
Where do you see that, that would be up to states though
Right. The "lockdown" suggestion in Chicago is literally asking people to do what they shoudlve been doing the whole time....so nothing.
It’s scary that my account won’t survive 3 days of modest to extreme downturns. I’d definitely get a margin call on the 4th day..
Only gave me 5$ for halo
Fat move on the DIX. Makes me think we might get some surprise vax news from MRNA tonight
[deleted]
🎁
[removed]
No sir, just a middle class 30 year old who got lucky. *shrug*...glad we're getting paid tho!
Then who the hell are you?
Remember. Every gang got fucking killed the past 2 months. No Yolo FD's because everyone who did got destroyed
Nasdaq where the real players at.

Qqq and qqqj baby.
Until it doesn't work and you lose your scalp.
a legend right here

you belong here
This looks exactly like mine. All in on Tesla?
Tomorrow before open
Don't do it man. Take a break come back to the game with a clear head. With 150k available you could just sell options and generate a steady income. 

Or who knows maybe we'll crash hard over the next week or two and you will be ready to buy the juicy dip
At what point would I be thinking about exercising these options and buying shares at $35? Obviously I’d let it ride until expiration. I really think NIO could hit $150+ in a few years...
it's up 0.2% ......
Ur a complete fucking idiot LMAO
What I thought fds were just anything far otm expiring next. You always ruin everything
I am not worried about covid.  I am worried about Biden shutting the economy down.
Is no one here playing CACC puts?
Yes
Girl, I got something real important to tell you, so just sit back and listen 🎶
[deleted]
That’s why no one invests in apple because of sweat shops. It’s about making money. I won’t invest in PLTR cuz their financials are shit and they do shit things, but I do own some apple. It’s up to you to decide where your money goes high horse guy.
[deleted]
Dnkg is going to run up all the way to Haley’s comet.  You hear it hear first:  bookmark
Then why the FUCK do you need a gay lambo bitch
Whoever take my Award virginity will land a 10-bagger this month  🙏
Anyone playing Lowe’s earnings?
50 bucks
Nope, still 40% upside left to be $69, so still potential 10 bagger.
Prove it or its just garbage talk
This is the way
Biden isn't going to lock the country down, Trump is going to have to do it in a few weeks when people start dying in the streets. He should have locked it down days ago.
No they’re playing hard to get
Gay
How’s that possible?
60, soon.
TSLA about to breakdown tomorrow. Who’s buying puts?
If you have 50k you can scalp 1% moves for 500$ per day

That's 100k per year
Thats a lot man you must be rich
How you feeling after today :D
Yes please

Zoom $800 EOY
Thank goodness I almost had to click the link myself. You’re doing gods work
This
Bullish 😎
Easily
[deleted]
just can't say the full term
We’re hallow now
You're going the wrong way.
What till Europe starts trading
People do talk about tesla as if car companies don't fold every decade lol no one is invincible.leastof all fraudulent companies...
>Market is fking retarded

right up my alley
Actual whole video for those who want it:

https://youtu.be/4lepzKk7E9w
dude....I was vaping and i coughed it out laughing hahaha
Just one play, two if that's what it takes, to break even +$1
Yes. With a 15 inch semi automatic red dildo strap-on & a fully loaded unopened package of Saran-wrap. Patch up those nostrils.
How much money did you lose today??? 
-Winner gets a free night behind the Wendy’s dumpster with this guy named Tyron. 

Comment below:
I just went to take a look at their options, it looks like there is only 11/20, 12/18 and so on, if you decide to play this go with the 11/20 expiration date
Wait for a big dip and then buy leaps on big tech
It's not the mortgage payments of the current owners that are fucked.

Home values plummet because suddenly the payments for the new buyer go to the fucking moon with 6% mortgages. So home values come down 20-30%. Your house is only worth as much as the new buyer can finance. That's how the bubble pops.
Won’t be like March, not even close, but a serious correction like September or even a little worse could happen.
It’s one of the best horror movies.
Check out the Moon etf that just got started. It is 8.5% nio
yo who the hell just watches exorcist more than once. u twisted fuk
Spy melting up
Works for me!
Get a heat pad
Tell him why you are unamerican and want the economy to do poorly so you buy a new xbox.  Ask him if he ever sold his country out.
Really? Alexa won't play shit for me and it knows this. Gat damn
good thing the economy isn’t the stonk market
Stimmy talks going great ! Expected in the next 6 months !
Sir we are retards here. We don’t actually know what we’re doing
Phone addiction for sure
New bull run for magic coins. We’re definitely going to test 20k and most likely break it.
Why did millennials go on and get shit degrees with debt.
Your screenshot shows daily change, not monthly..... retard
Imagine  them complaining about monopolies
IV crush means stonk is either flat or down or only up 5% or less on earnings
I ain’t never seen a green YTD, always mine gotta be red.
Thats a good point, an overall correction will be hard to overcome but i would imagine that there is something in the water for e-tailers. amazon is also having a decently tough go. 

&#x200B;

 Do you think there is upside in being a stay at home stock? What about unrealized upside from record singles day sales?
Cash Gang Is Around.
If you’re gonna off yourself after dont. Don’t leave your family with that kind of debt.
Agreed. Granted i will only ppv bigger fights. Not spending 65/week on that shit.
[deleted]
I remember not that long ago holding SPY 180 Ps and being pretty convinced that would be the bottom.
Retards will prop that shit up “buying the dip”
Fuck brother, have you no manners???


+90k
So, Spy puts this month?

Edit: grammar
I almost did 5 months ago when this was news...their stock ain't done shit
Just a series x, maybe some books and clothes. And NIO 100
Is it too late to buy into NIO , xpev, Li!! Lmk
Pls don’t do revenge trading ..
coke bottles falling from the sky have better upside to this
They have already been buying tech back the last two days.  Nvda up, Amd up, ZM up big also Fsly etc.
[deleted]
We gonna find out soon if the vaccine data is shit or not
Twice*
60c 11/20 much better
if there was ever a wsb guy to inverse it’d be this one
In Asia, yes. [THOUSANDS GATHER FOR ELECTRONIC MUSIC FESTIVAL IN WUHAN WATER PARK](https://djmag.com/news/thousands-gather-electronic-music-festival-wuhan-water-park)

If you don’t believe news from China, fine. All my friends in Taiwan are living normal life. Clubs, parties, restaurants, no need for masks because no local transmission for 200 days. Same in Thailand, South Korea, etc.
https://youtu.be/4lepzKk7E9w

Original full video
I feel personally attacked

NIO $49C 11/20
*whomst
No because I literally don’t care what other people are doing
LOCK THE WHOLE NATION DOWN 😴
Tesla is a boomer stonk now
Nice
will decide call or put in morn
Paying For Theta, Praising The Lord.

All I want is a decent 5%+ so I can get out of my 22.5 Calls.
Dick's Sporting Goods?
My position is behind your mom.  Now go do your homework.
that’s ballsy
Penisgay
"Legally and with roofies"
One of these things is not like the other
Nah mods just ban most of us now
Is a screenshot not proof?
Cash out, delete app
LONG LIVE THE KING !!
Finally, a post I can relate to.
Basically he criticized chinese banking system for not providing loans to more people, which wounded ccps pride. So they stopped giving him free rein.
Write that down write that down!
Shitcoin probably gonna hit 20k soon
https://www.youtube.com/c/groomingday
Curious to see what your hypothetical rolled play would’ve been. I never know what strike to pick when I want to roll.
Will Pelosi and Mnuchin ever talk again?
Positions or ban emewright?
Easy there beanie. We're just being jocular here.
So you’re just $BALLZ deep in $ARKK eh?
Was down $24,000 since I started with options in June.  Had a few big wins and mostly had lots of 3-400% gains in PFE, Tesla, Apple, FB that I let go back to zero.

Was down to my last $180 on October 27, back up to $4000 and the only thing I have owned was spy puts.  Going for $24,000 or zero by December 31.
Bears arent scared of economic collapse because we already know how to live in the woods.
Image someone with -50k losses giving someone with +72k gains advice 😂
Fake
no it's because after limit up everything has been boring
To hit the FD lotto when I put in $1k and not $8
Give me half of what you were going to trade with, I'll take you out back and kick you in the nuts, and we'll call it a day
PCG and just AFK a few years.
Fist goes in my ass if GME gets over $25 by November 20th.
Honest question: If we go into lock down again and the market crashes again, does that mean we get free pornhub? Might go short SPY.
Fuck yeah. Post the loss porn
Gotchu homie, BOL in your decision
[deleted]
0DTE SPY calls?
YOLO
There normally is
Welcome back 🤡
Not yet. They will go down. Overbought and rona is going to hit hard. Wait until Dec or Jan and buy at lows ahead of spring rally
won't be like march but wouldn't be surprised at 10% - 15%
Will have to be after Biden takes over. Under no circumstances will Trump shut us down.
Tech carrying rn
An absolute bagger
I'm gasping laughing and buying puts at 9:31
Don’t understand why it’s red for Baba today
You're telling me China hasn't already? When companies like Disney and Activision kiss their ass?
What’s a flair
magic coins at a 2 yr high
I think I open it once a week to actually look at pictures and dancing thots. All the others is 20 seconds of OCD clearing the stories and closing back out like it’s my damn job.
This country was fucked in April when the anti-mask movement started. Hopefully it’s fucked tomorrow though for my FD puts.
it will probably go up tmrw too.
Gonna jump back in with some 2022 20 calls tmw morning
It's a risky one. If you think it might drop overnight, drop 100 on spy calls expiring Monday 5 strikes above closing price on hopes for a massive gap up. 

Someone on here went from 100 to 12k by buying FD SPY 360c expiring that day and selling at open. 

Then take out stead plays. TGT 165c 11/27 for earnings is the one in recommending right now
Exact same 🙏🙏🙏
How much is that in dollar terms
[deleted]
$65 is super ambitious, definitely a true YOLO
What? Lol
Lol he’s a perfeshunal idiot
My parents’ respect
Why did you buy all the other crap?
Not be looking at the position since the expiration is 6 months fucking out.

You're a fucking pussy.
All these people shitting on Jumia are the same folks that were shitting on NIO mere months ago. I’m in for 140 shares at the moment and have been adding a few here and there on dips. They’re following Ali Baba and Pinduoduos business model so growth may be slow for a time but when it picks up it will be big. They have lowered their gross losses while increasing gross profit and have been beating EPS expectations on the past couple of earnings. I’m long on them as well. These people shitting on you will be the same ones buying at $40 lol.
Sell enough to cover the investment and let it ride on the houses money.
I’ve made money off playing CHWY but I’m worried it may be a bit too volatile for this purpose
I honestly use youtube more than anything lol
Think not because a lot of money wants that so ppl will buy up heavily 15% drops
officially lost all personal money and it only took 8 months! new record! im officially depressed and want to do something else with my life but dont want to end a loser here :( ... so im revenge trading tm... gonna put 150k into 0dte and ride
[deleted]
You’ll figure it out after you’ve been around a little longer too
Positions postions
[deleted]
States shitting back down. Dow will move in vaccine news or stimy news drop otherwise it’s dead until further notice
😂😂
Alexa play 'bul is fuk' by Beethoven
New bull run for digital coins.
They printed last week lol
Oh hey that was me
I hate cruises but market tends to gravitate to them. 

For banks, do the regionals. I have MTB April calls. CIT made me $ too
400K+
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/pricej055 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is horrible, unethical and illegal. 

This sub should totally book a volume cruise and go.
Darden approved. Their pots remain pristine.
Holy shit thread is fucking dead. Every gang got killed in the last 2 months.
Alexa, play money on my mind 💰
[removed]
This guy screenshots.
Please don’t rob me
I'm kinda new to this. Why would you not just put calls on LI? They have a lot more room to grow thatn NIO right?
It’s absurd that UFC isn’t a subscription. $65/week is insane and so many people pirate anyways
All in vxx.  Party over
this market doesn't sell on fear of maybe

it only sells on: oh fuck lmao
financial security?
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Ben Folds - Jesusland (Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7F5-UdF-dXE) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7F5-UdF-dXE)⠀►►⠀ 2:41 / 4:02 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
You know this is WSB. Peope click and pray.. I'm pretty sure people don't even know if they are buying to open or close.
I could 100% this on guitar hero
I want papa Elon’s dick in a box 🤤
If this six week lockdown rumor is true, this country is fucked
It's "Thank you" by Dido. Em used it but not that much of it
Even pj traders can’t break 352
Make it a spread if only one
My buddy wanted to split a 10k call with a 495 strike... I’m sure he’s in here
Like spy and qqq?
Alexa, play Jesusland by Ben Folds
A bitter retard, it happens at least once to all of us.
If any of us knew we all be rich.  Only ccp knows when they will come in and fuck things up.
Jesus guy lmao project more you’re the only one with hurt feelings clearly
Hahaha ayyy, I had an April spread! 

But best of luck sir!! Hope at the minimum you get back to break even!
[deleted]
You can do better man, you're just lonely and loneliness is where the devil lives. Get you a girl who doesn't dump you.
This. 0.000000000.1%  cracks me up 🤣
Lol hard in bed at the meme. Wife is confused.
Yeah we just made it great again,  didn't you hear about the orange president? What's greater than that
Mods were giving away flairs one fine day, you got one if you replied to that particular comment.
lol i can tell you don't government much
Secure some profit and hold the rest. Sell half or quarter. Unless u just have 1 call
if it is green tommorow does that mean red on monday
Dow Jones getting rekt for the next few weeks
I should upgrade to this. I have stand alone Disney plus but don’t use it and my son prefers watching hamsters on YouTube
Apparently Jesus would 💎🤲🖕
I’d like my two front teeth
I'm a firm believer that you can't go wrong with CHWY. It's the only ticker that hasn't crossed me.
Kinda what I thought 😶 quick reversal tomorrow back to that 46 area before the weekend and the MAJOR pump mon-tues.
Delete it and free more time for Robinhood.
Just watched The Exorcist for the first time in years. What a fucking good movie. Holds up every time.
No
[deleted]
Exercise at expiration
>bald

>manlet

>still can fuck literally ANY 10/10 supermodel in the world 

money really is everything
What and when happened?
XPENG missed eps target but stock up 38% today. Market is fking retarded
Ford.
Lol I think the reason China came down so hard on Alibaba is because Jack Ma gave a speech criticizing the Chinese government just before the ANT ipo.

I don't know what exactly he said but I think one of the lines were banks are operating like pawn shops.
Thank fuck man I have calls
A pair of shorts
It's a great company that pumped too much last couple days.  You can't expect continuous 10% days. Only tesla does that
Why didn’t you hedge?
Yawn
That and no one uses it correctly. Calls can’t be FDs. Only true degenerate super otm puts 

Like  1000 .02 contracts
$600 C 3/19/21
$700 C 1/21/22
leaps
OP will comeback stronger than ever
I sold all my NIO and bought PLTR right before it dropped
u gotta jelq a mod
[deleted]
Man you crazy kids just love losing thousands of dollars on weed stocks
Okay wsb, I need your christmas lists
step 1: buy puts

step 2: get china virus

step 3:get on cruise

step 4: ???

step 5: profit
Ban
https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/11/12/five-test-positive-for-covid-on-first-cruise-ship-to-resume-sailing-in-the-caribbean.html
I guess it wasn't carnival, but birds flock together...
8am
Which era do you live in?
No one says stonks anymore either...good thing too wasnt really a fan
I love to member pre covfeffe times
the fute was bigly up one night and I just got it automatically somehow
You are a hero
Damn did the money printer break?
-0.94
Must I?
I just call them Crackhead Cruise Lines for obvious reasons.
Who told you that you belong here? Your wife’s boyfriend?
If I was mod I’d ban you for this
I remember they did it when they were a little under 20.
Lol imagine if they wrote a article in their favor.
Is another match like dip possible if new lockdowns do come on? If so, I’d imagine less severe but
Can't see the emoji on my shitty Macbook. What's the emoji of?
Judaism has been going for thousands upon thousands of years on a large scale which is pretty wild to think about
Take out that 220.64 so your balance looks clean af and go buy yourself a present
This is the water version of the It's Fine Dog meme
Wasn’t being serious sorry 😔
That would be fucking stupid. No Dow stocks until stimy news or vaccine release. 
Your consolation theory is trash 🗑 BA only moves on news and nothing else
They already did one in the summer. And just like Tesla, it’s obvious they will eventually. So what the stock is gonna drop like 5$?! Lol who cares shits gonna be a 200$ stock 3 months from now.
Ummm what??
Bro, why wouldn't you roll that???
Lol this cunt got his feelings hurt gtfo you stupid fuck
Why the move?
Back in my day JNUG was all the rage
I bought 90c fds at close today, only costed me 0.25, lets see where we open tomorrow
Calls on HD, Puts On AXP & day trading $ROPE probably
I have a few april and may calls
I really thought people would be selling off today and tomorrow so they didn’t hold over the weekend where either

1) more shutdowns happen and boomer stonks crater

2) moderna releases vaccine results before Monday open and tech goes down

And instead we got some dumb SPY pump at the end of the day
Secure your earnings! The real boys making money are those who take home their cash. - Paraphrased from the Wolf of Wall St.
NIO?
I'm waiting for the Mountain Pass mine once MP Materials gets a ticker separate from FVAC.

BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto are established miners with decent dividends.

For juniors and exploration I'd go with something like GDXJ and GOAU.
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
he'll fomo back in at lunch, probably at a 2-3 dollar loss per share after bulls buy the dip
Yuuuup✅
What's your position on it?
hello everybody, tomorrow is Friday the 13th
Hey bitch I see you everyday with a massive boner for NIO. Im up 10x on NIO but you don't see me running around acting like a 16 year old nerd who just got their first kiss. Act like you've been here before man you're embarrassing me 🙁
Are they dancing in Europe?
Source?
[deleted]
No one listens to him anymore. Biden has somebody taking notes on all the stuff they're going to reverse come January.
Fuck u it’s going back to 137. Gonna pick up my iPhone 12 Max tomorrow 😤
Very standard in the industry dumbass. Look at other websites.
That hit the nail on the head. This place has increased my risk tolerance tremendously. That said I'm up almost 10% this month and in funds it would be significantly less.
What companies did trump just ban Americans owning stocks in China..?
Sure glad it disappeared in April
Buy some puts to hedge and hold.
Is vix gonna keep mooning tonight
Yeah could be. If the trend we are on now continues we would have 147 million new cases by 1/25. If. 25% die thats 300k deaths if 2% then 3 million. If we keep up that rate the death % will spike because pur health care system will be in total collapse. Now it is extremely unlikely that trend keeps up, people will pull back at some point. Could be well past hospital saturation though. Maybe death rate could go as high as the hospitalization rate of about 5-7%.

I hadn't projected that out until now, holy fuck that's bad. Note that's an exponential fit on the last 4 Mondays data points.
[deleted]
Learning options is great. Making money from pressing buttons os even better.
Take anything a Chinese company reports with a grain of salt.
sucked off u/stormwillpass
Got tickets for NIO Train or FOMO!!
DIG
Lol stop, it didn't, did it???
[deleted]
Hold it until it’s $100 pussy
prolly 0
What are your positions so I can inverse you
I’ve pretty much decided I’m going to move a significant part of my portfolio into LEAPS and sell weekly/biweekly covered calls off of them. Need suggestions that won’t fuck me by randomly mooning too hard and being exercised.
Yes😣, I can’t help myself. Idk wtf is wrong with me. In all honesty she’s cute (6-7) but no smoke show but it was more than physical shit
That generation died. Some don’t know what it is so they don’t use it. Some try to be cool and end up misusing it
[deleted]
I have 5/21/21 $40 calls and I’m holding through ER. I may lose some gains but could also end up in lambo territory if we have an XPEV repeat. I’ll take that risk.
Honestly, I’m not sure what NIO will do. I haven’t had the greatest successes in my investing, but I do have some experience and that’s suggesting to me that some NIO investors would be inclined to take profits and sell. The stock has had an incredible year.


On the other hand...
I could be wrong and NIO shoots up to 100+ after earnings with excellent numbers and guidance. Lol

Great job on the Roth! I’ve started mines 2 years ago when I was 24. The earlier you start, the more potential of snowballing later in life. You’re on the right track 👍🏼
I guess they gonna release covid-20 right about now. 

I will not pre order that one
So you can never trade with more than your starting day buying power. So if you start with 2000 make a daytrade and now you have 4000 you cannot place another trade until the funds have settled, which for options takes a day. If you do place a trade the same day after using all of your starting day buying power you will get a GFV.
You wish it, it will happen. Bibbidy bobiddy. Don’t weak hands now.
What the fuck don’t attack me like that
You aren’t selling calls?
I wud nut
[deleted]
Who da fuq iz u talkin to rn ?
I think it’s my favorite episode Lmfaooooooooo
Hold.
Diamond hands
[deleted]
I'm happy to exit any time it sits around $1000 profit for more than 15 minutes. Of it's still climbing, great. If it's sitting.... gimme that profit before I lose it all. Don't ask me how I know
@ flaired users? How’d you get your flair? (Not talking about you Holocaust flairs)
Good show lad
"Both Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway vice chairman Charlie Munger consider following Graham's method strictly to be outdated, with Buffett stating during a 1988 interview with journalist Carol Loomis for Fortune, "Boy, if I had listened only to Ben, would I ever be a lot poorer.""

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_Graham

i wonder what buffett has done differently from benjamin graham's advice
That’s nice. Don’t have to pay that pesky mortgage insurance either then?
Ban
I was not, gonna need to read up on the history of that one...
Good thing we rounded the corner or else these cases would be bad
Appl can drop to $116 before next Friday I would greatly appreciate
Hugs buddy.. hope you're okay.. I've been in the same boat and I still don't fucking stop
I didn't bail cuz it was jks with the crazy swings but that time it didn't recover
14
letting this trade ride, already up 30%.
[deleted]
I honestly have no idea

I want to load up on boomer stock calls over the weekend just in case they do the same Monday release but also the covid case and shutdown shit would be hella risky to those too if it doesn’t happen

Like seriously the time frame changes from ‘imminent’ to ‘end of month’ from story to story and I can’t find a real date. I’m trying to find how long Pfizer’s took from submitting to hearing back
Everything except the pet dinosaur is a reasonable ask
Jack Ma was talking shit so he got hit. CCP said shut yo mouf!
320,000 deaths, tops
Me sitting on my 11/20 GOLD call :(
True.
At this point idgaf. Sold my puts too early today for a loss, then bought back in lower and it shot up so I’m already down several hundred too.
Soon GAY mods will ban all words and it will just be emojis
charge your fucking battery
Damn. That apo oval really could send it mooning. Thanks for this
Daaaamn bruh thought my 450 ——> 6800 was good 😂 congrats and fuck you!
I genuinely hate you now
Zoom call 
BA puts
CROX calls
palantir helped catch bin laden

you say they're evil

therefore you love bin laden
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Trust - Antisocial          ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfD8Dnh2xho) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfD8Dnh2xho)⠀►►⠀ 3:24 / 5:07 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Being banned for 45 days from here was the best thing that could’ve happened. Ty mods 😎
To whom are you speaking?
Then that's when ccl goes bankrupt lol
Welcome to the Porsche club brotha! It’s a fun one
done
[removed]
Or just get robinhood and blow up your account in a week.
You do vodka shots but need to be "carb free"?
[deleted]
Anybody else open Instagram and tap through stories as fast as you possibly can without looking at even one of them and then close insta after you make it through? Find myself doing it once or twice a day out of nowhere.
Um sir, you werent here for #prplgang were you lol
Are you the guy from yesterday?

1) I spend way too much time here

2) Don't you fuckin dare
You buy MRVL or CF 5/21 calls, kick your feet back, light a cigar, and count the money roll in
Politics is the new religion.
[deleted]
# Did we stop using the word "FD" or is it banned ? Been long since I have seen it on the sub
Duuuude. That’s a vibe.
2000 years of people fighting and dying for hard-won freedoms and economic liberty. Destroyed in a single year for a fucking flu. 

Disgusting.
Put on your mental health
Polling the room: What would you do if you were holding $35 calls on NIO for 05/21/21 that you got for $5.15? ER run up is risky and I’m currently up 285% but I’m so deep in the money and I’ve got 7 more months before expiration. What Would Jesus Do?
huh?
so many bears in here tonight... 

I don't feel special anymore
Jerk off first then see if you want to text her
Are you a 12 year old Chinese girl? Don’t lie
[deleted]
Imagine thinking WSB has an effect on the market
Ima laugh when nio announces they are doing an offering in the next few days.  They would be stupid not to lol
All in at open. You won’t.
‘Member last year right around this time we were making fun of Gyna and their little flu? 


Look at us now. Who would’ve thought🤗🤗
I hope so but I don't know man. 

I converted mine into spreads capping my gains but I'm just looking at it on my RH and wondering why I didn't bail when it went down 20%.
All you MFs buying up NIO, all it means is that 4th Q from Tesla will be unreal. Take profits out of NIO and get into TESLA Calls now
Well if its just one I think there's already one over here. They have an office in San Jose California.
you already lost your privacy to FAANG companies

PLTR will look like the ACLU by comparison
They're a rock solid coffee company. Starbucks of China
Double down retard
If I were elon musk right now, I would be very very concerned about Nio. So my guess is, he is.
[deleted]
Fight through it, better pussy awaits you on the other side
Isn't that essentially what RH instant deposit is?
Looking like we definitely open at 90+ tomorrow. Lesgoooooo!!
Stocks, got a big hit on NIO
Huge mistake

Don’t do it
I’m fucking glad that you’re getting upvoted on this sub. 

People are fucking willfully blind to what is going on. Full on sheep, and it’s going to cost hundreds of millions of people around the world their livelihood because TV and authority-addicted idiots can’t understand that these psychos would lie to them on purpose
Are there any innovative bluetooth companies?

I mean if somebody can make bluetooth actually work it could be worth a TON of money considering magecaps rely on bluetooth but can't figure the tech out
Wait. That’s not nio.
Don’t.  Never ends well.
I just wait till futures get red enough and buy a bunch of calls, shit goes green every time
I just want to make enough money to mask my agonizing depression cultivated by a lifetime of failure and also afford solid-gold house filled with a harem of Latina supermodels and a pet dinosaur with laser-vision, is that too much to ask?
comeback kid
Up 40% bought at the peak
165 puts 11/27
I sold a 12/4 45c bought for 2.89 sold for 5.80 and just hit 7.78
Pics or gtfo
Now the world is gone, NIO is the one

Oh WSB help me

Hold my breath as I wish for gains

Oh please WSB, help me

NIO options imprisoning me

All that I trade

Absolute gainers

I cannot sell

I cannot exercise 

Trapped in Robinhood 

Reddit my holding cell
Thinking about dating the mouse on calls, thinking NIO’s gonna tank according to the way options ended today
u can paper trade options?
It really is
Idk wtf that means so naw 🤠
Hehehehe
[removed]
Drink tequila instead. It has a special sugar that will actually make you wake up looking more cut. 

Unless you’re fat. Then you’ll just be fat and hungover
I swear to god as a kid I had a tshirt that read, " Naperville il known for absolutely nothing"
Almost did
Appreciate them
👌🌈🐻
anything not mentioned on here, but also stay at home is back. i like a pton or dkng/penn play
My body is ready
NIO stock too high imo
Wait til you decide "this is enough leverage."

"OK this is enough" 

"OK this enough." 

"maybe I'll get some more Chinese evs...."
I’d set a sell order now so they’re prepped for market open but I assume the price will fluctuate so quickly that I won’t be able to sell at the price it’d position for me now...
Great mods
AMD for lyf
Meanwhile as share gang on this one, im up 56% still.  Not bad for just over a month
So glad I opened up a debit spread on it instead of just buying calls
Mouse doesn't move
It's been quietly pumping for a few days now.  $600 next week?
Yea
This is the way
Yeah I’m about to text my ex, she texted days ago & i shut it down today but i can’t let this bitch go fml . I’m full retard but can’t help myself
FSR
RAIL getting bought by FDX...
Daily thread is filled with institutions and social engineers hiding behind karma and witty comments in order to pump and dump their positions while leaving retail bag holding. 🤐
That's true but I'm still digging my self out of the hole JKS calls at the top put me in. That's why it hurts so much. I could have made it back but it didn't work out
I have Margin investing turned on.. I don’t really use it as much
Mother fucker percentage changes in stocks are percentage changes in stocks.
Nobody could foresee the Louisiana Purchase
i guess not this time looking at the wild swings it has. A potential update on further business plans,e specially their new AI based drive systems could drive the price even higher.
I'm getting on that tomorrow.
Yeah you do
You belong here!
definitely

I expect great things, but price targets aren't relevant because I intend to hold all shares and exercise my options. I have some PLTR 20C 02/19/2021 and a 25c expiring in 2023

tbh I'm kinda hoping for 50-100 in a few years, I wouldn't be shocked if we were well above 20 by the beginning of next year
They are voltron
what movie is this?
[deleted]
hindenburg and citron finna team up on a chinese ev research paper. stay tuned.
i have 11/20 $12C too and starting to worry
See my reply above.  Going to be huge within the year.
I'm holding 2 of the same contracts myself. Hoping jks will moon on earnings next Wednesday
NIO just started trading outside of its channel today. Get ready for some red
hmm thats sounds good niche. I thought who the hell is using it.
Imaging fuking your own country’s stock? Cough cough CCP cough cough Baba
Oh man I played VIPS last ER and lost. Glad to see you make $
What a way to go.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Rentokil93 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I have 131 shares at 417 and I'm getting angry at this 420 sell off wall.
kamikaze cash yt, confessions of a market maker
https://www.axios.com/trump-fox-news-digital-media-competitor-25afddee-144d-4820-8ed4-9eb0ffa42420.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic

Lol so why is news corp almost at an ath?
You mean a place where there are good jobs??
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [YNW Melly - Murder On My Min](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqDinxaPUK4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqDinxaPUK4)⠀►►⠀ 3:18 / 4:57 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I have about 12 months left. Did a service commitment to get a nice last assignment.
Rona rates go up but market is not stopping I agree with 1 & 4
Guys we should make a payday loan type company but for people who want to buy stocks. Can’t go tits up.
I LIKE TURTLES
Stonks always go up
Definitely.  I mean I definitely post positive stuff about NIO as we ride the wave up.  I don't know much about it's fundamentals at all, and it's not really possible to find out that much.  Same with palantir, it just isn't possible to know the company inside and out at this point there just investing on hope.
JD. My 80calls are bright green and may add some 90s. ER on Monday morning and numbers will be huge
Where’s NIO??? That’s the first problem.
I was 3 weeks too early on my call option T-T
how green?
did you trade stocks or cfds?
[deleted]
dump the puts ASAP
Divide that by two sure
Alexa, play murder on my mind 🔪🔪🐭
I got the hulu disney espn+ package. Rarely use disney but have to have espn+ to ppv ufc fights. Total bs
Show us the cat
Can't argue with that
mine doesn't display other exchanges... I'm seeing delayed data on marketwatch.com hence the difference.  I hope they can keep this pumping
if you look at CCL 6 month chart it doesn't get any clearer -- this stock is literally traders pumping and dumping it every 15 - 20% in each direction. next time this turd goes sub $13 i'm pumping my whole portfolio + margin into that bitch for some 20% gainz.
That's terrifying.
😂Just wow these 3 month charts🤣

Without complete dedication of ginormous amounts of resources to save this fukin absolute mess of a market. It is so fukin fukd. Holy shite! What a disaster coming 🎭
Fucken Canadian eh?
Soon we will have 45 mortgages
Proof and strategy or ban
Actually I already did. Bought KCAC at $13.25. The reverse merger with QS should go through shortly. They’re up AH’s right now on an update about the merger 👍🏻
2nd green day for Baba in HK
I just used a Russian website that has all the shows for free and no they’re not in Russian
whom are u speaking to ?
Dude in climbing out of the hole I fell I to when I bought JKS calls at the top
don't ever be mad about taking profits friend
😭😭😭😭
Imagine the people who purchased 450 rofl.
You’re my inspiration. Where should I chuck my 30k to match your gains?
That is the sexiest thing I could see on Rh
Hold calls through earnings or nah?
I did what?
We just need something horrible to happen overnight. WW3?
NVDA ER is usually theta gang delight
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Rage Against The Machine - B](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L4YrGaR8E4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L4YrGaR8E4)⠀►►⠀ 2:36 / 3:54 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Dude what the fuck. One or two is funny but thats a mob shakedown
I have a 2 year old. I have disney +

I know we have a lot of mommas basement traders that wont get this
Oof
they crush earnings and I will already be in the money next week
Can’t go broke taking a profit
Think they'll pull a Pfizer and try to trigger a massive rally?
Alexa play bulls on parade
 Nah, you might wake up to tendies or $0 so yolo.
Go to Wendy’s.
They have proven track record in China stfu
Drop some tickers bro
[deleted]
You still wouldn't get Nio positions lol
can i have your son
That little mouse is going to $200
Don’t u think I know that ☹️
Amen 🙏
what’s good with them?
Pardon shit wording, but Solar has no sun for winter so no energy generateed in most parts of the world. But battery is just stored energy in ev therefore is different
[deleted]
It’s more like Columbine than WWE.
And I id glady staaaand up, next to youuu to defend her still todaaaay, cuz oh ma gawd I wuv this land, gawd bless the you esss Ayyy.

But if you ask me to wear a mask, that’s where I draw the line, I ain’t no scientific man, I just like to whine
repost
[deleted]
Sometimes I wish I was this laid back.
Set a calendar reminder dude, that shit keeps me in line
They don’t do that stuff
Yup
Mining. A mix of exploration, juniors, and established ones.
No, it’ll probably be in the 325-400k range.
[deleted]
What’s with these people who are cool with white supremacists marrying Asians chicks? 

Like you’re kids gonna be tossed in the concentration camp to if they take over.
Dude it hurts. It HURTS. Worst feeling ever
chiro
[deleted]
Sold 4/5 calls on VIPS at 100% gain today... will I regret not holding until after their ER tomorrow if it’s a 10 bagger? We shall see effin a
Eww wtf. Please don’t tell me you’re dating this girl
Well it’s November so probably
Ain’t nothin a light switch cant fix
Everyone over 35 I know with a job and a family has it.
Those comments on ZH give me nightmares
Same, and his “America needs to win and lglobalist SF cucks can suck my dick” attitude. 

They have dope hats on their website too.
I think they’ll work the ANT thing out but it’ll take a bit.  Hopefully you’re options are far out  enough for the eventual rebound.
Everyday fam
Pump and dump bro plus a bottle of whiskey never hurts
Fuckin Pepsi used to own KFC and Taco Bell. How could they not see America was going to get bigger and bigger.
[deleted]
It would be a shame if....Hindenburg released an article on....NIO...
By 4pm for sure
I hope they don't charge an extra $1500 for any color like Tesla that's so bush league.
SPCE has a flight coming up I’m all in
5 grand
???????
If you have kids under the age of 14, you have Disney+
Idk how NIO gonna moon after earnings to counter IV crush with this much run up and we already know how many vehicles they delivered last month. Stocks like SNAP make more sense for mooning after earnings because no one expected it and there wasn't massive volume run up like these Chinese EV stocks
Not yet I'm not... :)
At least you’re only betting pennies
Fuck you selfish mask-less morons who dragged us into this endless nightmare. We could have gone out drinking and dancing tonight if you would fucking listen to the scientists. Yes it’s the fucking time to do what are you’re told. Fuck you!!!!
my pp hard what do
Hehe new Tiger Gang
Yeah, I have a feeling it doesn't have anything to do with people suddenly believing in the company despite them announcing good news. It's just stock went up 50%, and the narrative/justification is created after the upwards move, and now everyone is growing to believe in that narrative.
Yeah I was eyeing DAL tbh. Good shit
You are mislabeling DD and attributing to shit posting. This is not real DD. This is almost 2 weeks old and there is nothing diligent here but a simple copy and paste. 

If you want to post DD learn what it is first.
5 bought at 1k each. Down 90% on those. Watching it go down was unreal. I decided to hold and in one day it went down 20%. It blew my mind
I see it live on my brokerage, brosef! 

Up 6.19% at this moment
[removed]
If you consider a 265% gain in one year "taking a while"... You just might be autistic.
Get a TDA account. Download TOS. Use paper trading (virtual) only. Watch a bunch of F ing videos.
HYG seems to just follow the market. Anything in specific you're looking for?
Proof or ban
Verizon had a year free trial. Watched it a bit, not worth it IMO unless you have kids or you’re gay
Try some YOGA.
I’m ready to get wiped out
I think you meant to post this to r/smallstreetbets
calls on stretching and strengthening exercises
[deleted]
thats cause nobody here has a backbone
The 🐭 is a fraud
VIX has been going down over the last hour
That makes sense, good looks
[deleted]
Do it in LUV or DAL
Not a bad play. New budget will give them fresh military money.
This subreddit is based on emotions and momentum, and bears are a gaggle of smug, sweaty fucking morons, with a superiority complex they love to show off despite the fact that their accounts bleed constantly.
Wheel
Dang, tough one man. BABA was one of the safest, "good" one ones out there. Never know when the earthquake will happen. I had a small position in BABA that was dead anyways. But, PDD today, came through for the leaps I had.
Pull now while you still have some dignity.
Sounds like a commie has infiltrated WSB, USA USA
# who's playing NVDA earnings next week ?
no problem it is what i love to do. its an obsession.
This meme is so relevant it kills me
Those spin tops with a zipper
facts
You can go party on Kim ks covid free island
Put $90K in SPY and try to get to $100K with the $10K in that’s left
They bought calls instead of puts and need to shill those now.
Even so, floating rate loans only make up 10% of the market unlike 2008 where it was 50%+. 90% of mortgages are fixed rates. Prices are exploding because firms like Brookfield are hedging their apartments that are bleeding money by renting houses and buying their inventory in all cash. Airbnb prices are up 10-100x since June.
🐒
I mean snapping workers backs can account for some but damn near everything save a few stocks is “soaring” along with cases.
Was joking about the newsletter, but those are some good points. Are you planning on buying quantumscape at the IPO? Do they have any big competition?
For 3 grand a piece? Yeah.. I’d say so
I am too dumb to trade options but need someone to fucking show me how to wheel and deal. Call it charity in tough times, please show me the ropes of this WWE ring.
We like Asian ev girls now.
NIO 60 on 11/17 or 11/18
I know a guy that can turn that into -$100,000
A little over 25k
Might yolo everything into ba calls. Consolidated this week uppies next week? But then again I am retarded
On a broker that isn't Robinhood. Lol.

But you also just google JD hong kong.
With the 5x in shares, volatility decreased so less exciting.
I saw 400k dead by December.
Okay, that was what I was unclear about. Once PSTH comes through you’ll join the 8 figure NW club
Moving a big egg around
hold
this is my favorite comment lol
I want to take $1000 and just park it into airlines or banks for those random 30%+ days like we just had.


If you were gonna do it, which sector and specifically what stock would you pick and why? 

Originally I was gonna do CCL and actually starting buying in but that share dilution got me fucked up.
I mean it was a pump. Incoming admin isn't quite their people but I'm sure they will have some government contracts.
Ima crank 90s around all deez hoes smh
Wtf? You’re on WSB dude.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Runescape OST: Sea Shanty 2 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH5rEvxFLvM) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH5rEvxFLvM)⠀►►⠀ 1:25 / 2:08 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/investing/trump-bans-us-investments-china-military/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/investing/trump-bans-us-investments-china-military/index.html)

&#x200B;

We have until November 2021... so looks like it doesn't matter next year.
People just need to get their dollar margs at Applebee's though.
10 @7.47

Made money on the same strike earlier this week and got a profit. Was sure this morning was a dip, so I reopened the same strike.
why not both
6% ? where do you see the data, I only see 4,7% currently
If you care about the ethics, then you will buy the stock and be sure to vote on issues to change company behavior, and put forth measures to do so.

Avoiding a stock because of ethics literally allows a person who actually doesn't care to own it, and thus not vote well or propose a good measure. 

If you actually cared about ethics, you'd buy these "unethical" companies and have the voting power to change them.
Wtf. All i know abouts the money.
ZM calls.
Will nio even dip tomorrow?
Seriously, so bullish! I bought a few shares in February around $62 and it's been one of my regular investments since. Recently I've been playing with 90c December calls and 2021 long calls, which have been at a steal recently. I picked up a bunch last week before the rally and now I keep buying more since holiday shopping and gaming are going to be huge this winter. Seems like a quiet rock star to me.

Even the sore spot of Sony Pictures should rally once the industry returns to form in the next few years. Share volume is way below average too.
At $400 per share Nio is sitting at a market cap slightly higher than 400B. They've sold a bit more than 10,000 cars in 2020. 

I'm long term bullish on EV companies that aren't tied down by ICE assets, but try to ground yourself a bit.
Alexa, play sea shanty 2
Earnings next month
Ooh yeah
Dang your life must be overhyped then
Because the eod pump was completely fake.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thx bro 🙏
I have weeklies and May 50 and 55 calls
He fleweth to close the sun and he got burneth
Link
Puts on my lower back. god damn it hurts
Those 11/20s are calls I’ve had for a while, 12/18 is my main position.
Just installed Big Sur for my mbp. This is the biggest change in UI for Apple that I've seen in a long time
For short term trades, I don't care but for longer term investments, I also don't care. Use your profits to fund organizations/charities you like or something.
How many contracts?
pump incoming
Red
where do you see this?
hoooowww?
That's an expensive ass Doom console
This is how you ensure gains in the long run.  TAKE PROFITS and move on to the next trade.
Ban
Coke? The kids do meth or heroin. You must be old.🤑
Gunmetal.
[deleted]
More like 4 months from now
No I don't give a shit lol

Altria is one of the greatest boomer investments of all
‘Twas a scary dip, yes.
How come last month when Palantir was on a downtrend, I saw tons of comments about it being a "shit company", "you will forever be holding Peter Thiel's bags", "not nimble and scalable like other SaaS", "terrible work and employment culture",  "won't go above $10"

Now everyone seems to have flipped 180 degrees
J&J knowingly had harmful chemicals in its baby powder yet I will buy their stock. I leave emotion outside of investing.
I wouldn’t buy them
Fuckin pussy. I had all my shit pulled one day and was back at work in an hour.
did you read the post??
Limit sideways tomorrow
I never makes the same mistake twice. It’s usually three or more times so thanks for the warm welcome.
Pogs were where it's at
What do you think the total US casualty would be by January? 1 million?
your portfolio
Hong Long lol
[deleted]
I already set a limit order
Please believe
What color should I buy my Nio when they start selling in the states
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLZ6YmqLW5k

lol
Also i worked at CSCO, looks like stocks are up 8% after hours. Good day for my RSU and ESPP as well.
AMD $80c 1 month out. Great support at $78.00 + nothing but positive news for AMD, including new GPU. 

AMD 90c 11/27 I believe is my position
Not so smart here, man. I bought JKS calls at the tippy top
PLTR/NIO
Bigly risky, but might also have bigly tendies.
I must say, like a true legend who bought NIO at $15... I sold it at $25!  Let’s go gay bears!!!
That 0,03% ain’t fooling around
got hooked after watching his Hamburger recipe.

https://youtu.be/U-R9KI8M998
What is a beyblade? Am I an old?
NIO becomes the entire market
I think a big part of it is also an expected rise in nominal yields due to the likely possibility of inflation picking up and real yields staying constant.
I had a 11/20 35c nio and I sold it for a 100% gain.  Would be 1000+ more 😂😂
r/smallstreetbets
no never
Sometimes, but sometimes he’s unreal w the options chains. Called PINS 60c at .53 this week and it was a 100%er. And seen him do it many times for a quick gainer
That meme always causes people to lose money 😆
Literally the first sanctioned cruise back in the Caribbean 👍🏻🤒☠️
ber sooo fuk
What r u a pussy buying 2021 calls.Pretty save
He was never struggling. A few years after marrying her he became a millionaire.
JD up 6% in Hong Long!! 💪😤
Green by open ????
imagine locking up your entire net worth in a completely illiquid asset with every changing value that is supported by a whole fuckload of debt that will keep you enslaved for as long as you are able to work
Thanks for this
Tsla is old and busted, NIO is the new hotness
One is up 40% on the day and the other 14%
[removed]
Reminds of the one that used this meme during the crash. 

“The autists? Yes the autists”
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RTarxan the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Books at least give you odds. Am in Nevada.
Anyone ever think of the ethics of some of the companies they invest in? PLTR seems like an easy buy but the ethics behind them essentially being a tool to spy on people is holding me back. I guess you could argue they're gonna do it regardless of what I think about it and you might as well make some money with them.

For anyone interested:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LQCsPbA6rU&t=189s&ab_channel=CNBC
# got NVDA 700 calls for 6/21. Is that retarded ?
I sold at $5.18 up from $2.14. Was holding onto a small amount of it for about a year and sold it cuz I got bored of it
This is not the way
Depends how quickly they deploy it.  RKT has a large short interest right now, if they want to fuck the 🩳’s and force them to cover their positions I think they could.
[deleted]
Had a good day. Just need like 4 more weeks of those to break even.
Calloway golf it is
What will prompt the movement in the next week?
Your talking about FED fund rate, I’m talking about bond market.

FYI a low FED fund rate is not inflationary. 🤔
That's very true.
Shut up
Those korean cat videos are legit more interesting than this current market
JKS selloff was brutal. I'm still bag holding 95c 11/20 I got at the top
Nah we'd be straight if we'd listened to him 7 months ago

Unfortunately this country has a lot of mouth-breathers obsessed with reading conspiracy blogs
Crazy how time flies. Months ago it was Elon this, TSLA that, and now it’s almost nonexistent. It’s like we’ve all moved on from Pokémon cards to beyblades.
You dumb fuck that's not how it works different market caps
I had 100k stock in tesla in December 2019. Sold it for a little over 2k. Feeling down about it but it happens
What happen?
Like a million bucks
if the fed hadn't stepped in so aggressively in march, which was very beneficial to the us economy, we would def be seeing a 2008 repeat. This time instead of banks being over leveraged in subprime mortgages they would be overleveraged in corporate debt. 

corporate debt rn is fucking astounding (check the numbers). the low interest policy by the fed has made money cheap, which has only encouraged corporations to take on more debt and save less money. 

for now all seems to be stable as long as the corporate bond market is being propped up by the FED. definitely take note of hyg, a corporate bond etf, if you are interested in anything i said
GIMME GOLD FOR RKT !
I think im gonma go in tomorrow at open on xpev with half, then wait and if theres a drop in either try to catch the dip
How about the power... to move you.
Imagine tweets from 3 different Elon’s...
because i said so
$9P - 12/18
u/savethisvideo
Pls don't crash the bus Mr bus driver
Fauci said any day now and by some time by next week but we literally have no fakkin idea
Their blood drug pegcetacoplan should be approved this quarter as it has outperformed the only competitor in the space Alexion Pharmaceutical’s Soliris by a large margin.

Soliris has peak sales of $5B/annum.  That will give the first jolt.  The real money that will be made is when Apellis’s treatment for GA (Geographic Atrophy) is approved.  GA affects around 5M people globally and there is NO APPROVED TREATMENT on the market.  In the most recent trial, the drug was shown to slow legion growth on the treated eye by 54%.  This will be a blockbuster drug.

Apellis has a market cap of $2.8B and Alexion has a market cap of $28B.  I see big potential for  5-10x growth for Apellis.
Once again:
Attention retards and cucks dix/gex is a lagging indicator
You know a condo isn't technically a house right?
This, but set sell orders at $200 on the shares you own
Congrats man!
Almost picked up some puts today near close but stayed my hand. Good thing I did cuz it ran in AH lol
No ones did. I had three calls and a put miss
Lock down means more stimulus. All in calls
BABA?
whats not?
You moved from a better brokerage to a worse one? You belong here retard.
When is earnings?
Work phone/company paid phone
The power to kill a yak,with mine bullets!!
Yeah screw them
boeing puts. that is all.
Most people invest in stonks and get punched in the mouth. You actually made money for free unlike most donkey brained people.
🍆💦
I intend to sell stocks and wait for this volatile beast to come back to me in the 10-12 range if it pumps tomorrow but I'm with ya 10-12 seems solid spot.
vix is rocketing? rotation into tech...again?
this is quality content.
FSR
*sad renter gang noises*
2900 and you still have paper hands?
Thx mate.
[deleted]
Iran
If NIO shoots to 80 before crashing to 60, what JKS did, everyone in on it right now is still rich.
Why buying power 38K ?  Trading on margin ?
We should start a separate feed entitled “what are your moves tomorrow NIOvember 13,2020”
No the warrants aren’t tied to shares any longer, they trade separately.
totally terrible take, but i'm new to this shit...have some play money and have only played stocks i see here or the ones clay travis mentioned a few months ago...i don't do dd...just buy shit, sell shit, make some cash...thanks to wsb
Trailing stop loss
Kant can suck my dick and then everyone else's
The small businesses going bankrupt is exactly what would do it. Corporate debt is at an all time high right now and if those companies go bankrupt there goes a good chunk of the working population(50% is employed by small businesses) that won’t have jobs that’s why Jpow keeps bringing up stimulus
Paper hands with more gains than losses = smart investor
[deleted]
ZM puts? I'm skeptical dude
Three Chinese to build a car while musk is on transportation/energy, space exploration and human augmentation
Actually, they do, but they are not 100% accurate ofc
Reduced operating costs.

Bullish.
$14k for those 5 calls
Bagholding NIO is
Lol at the retards still fucking with Tesla, so 4 months ago
puts on ccl ?
But ma freedomz
Good luck brother
cause my 15 11/13c aint print.
Can’t we just go down, like why we always gotta bounce, what’s bullish?
Time travel duh
Even if you can travel back just a day you can make so much $$$
I bought at $3.10 a contract and sold just over $5 a contract. They are at $23 now. I had 25 contracts in total, so I missed out on about $44,000
Lol this meme format. Quality.
23.45
I agree with you and 100% hope you’re right cuz I’m long but we also can’t stomach this exponential growth of Covid cases and deaths for too long. States will have to shutdown at some point. Is the threshold 200,000 or 300,000 cases I don’t know. But there will be a tipping point. Vaccines are far, far away.
Just go into FSR
True but it hurts so much to know I picked the right stocks and bailed due to paper hands.
[deleted]
It’s funny because I do this.
Can a bloomberg terminal run doom?
[removed]
When did you buy these... you must’ve been up on them yesterday if you had them then
Because it confirms my bearishness and it’s also delusion porn
[deleted]
china pump
[deleted]
whats so unreal about him. isn't that the guy that pumps and dumps penny stocks
There's a solution here you're not seeing.
All aboard the BABA bus
[deleted]
Lol
mods really are fucking gay here
Money is money!
I bet hedging. Bets are sometimes like assumptions though.
.75% EXPENSE RATIO WE GOT A GAMBLING MAN HERE
[deleted]
🛏
someone queue up the dancing bear meme
I got into a house with a 0% down payment. Had the realtor negotiate only on seller paying closing. Out of pocket was around $1,800. House value up about 30% in the 18 months I've lived here
Yes.
12% doesn’t seem huge but that is a wild number against 3% income growth. In ONE year.
Time to fomo
To clarify, I meant if you buy shares now can you still redeem the warrants that come with those shares? I don’t know much about them. Getting on Edgar now.
Li auto puts
If you don’t tell us what you entered, after you enter. I’m gonna fuckin enter you. 

Coke can girth.
I think his 'boss' is his dad
Then why the fuck do we still need infinite QE and massive repo operations?
Thanks, bud.
The only way it bursts is if fed hikes rates. This bubble isn't bad loans, it's low interest rates. Sooner or later the fed is going to have to pull a 1981. Hoo boy that will be fun.

We have runaway inflation, but it's not in the CPI. It's stocks and housing.
that means gold
I can't say if it'll be this month, this year, decade, or century,

but fundamentals always win.
Imagine NIO having a red day
-$145k —-> -$142k
Hemorrhoids are just extra space to boof
Telekinesis is the best super power. Discuss.
Account size?
SPY 9002 checking in tomorrow
[removed]
1. The outbreak in March was regional.. no one experienced it like the hot spots. Now.. there are multiple hot spots across the entire country. This is going to be much worse than what we saw in March given the sheer numbers. 

2. A lot of the earnings you’re talking about had reduced expectations based on covid and beat those low benchmarks. Without guidance it’s hard to know how things will be. People rewarded cost cutting measures which is great for now but given that things are about to get worse next few months it’ll be hard to sustain without relief. 

3. Yes it’s great news we have vaccines that hopefully will be effective. The Pfizer study isn’t peer reviewed yet and also it won’t be available any time soon. As we get more vaccines from other companies it will definitely ease the burden and we will see some more stabilization in the markets but still nothing to prevent things from falling short term. 

4. Powell expressed concern over the near future given lack of stimulus and support. We won’t get a stimulus until January.
But he'll instead alot his children a set number of Amazon "workers" and once they drive enough profit, his children will be rewarded with authority stickers.

When you have everything, stickers are still pretty cool.
?? 🤨
Fellow GME yards, at what point are we expecting this to turn around. What exactly is going to be the catalyst? I'm retarded spell it out for me
Need to yolo 5000 on an over the weekend play. Hit me with your best play.
You also could have went down.
[deleted]
Buy the rumor, sell the news.
Discussion.  At what point do you take profits ina trade
I 💎✋ 11/13 AMZN 3200c

How fuk am I? Down 72% at close.
But did you die?
[deleted]
I got some money saved up for a call or put. Whats next week looking like? Any suggestions? How is EV doing? Tech? Or maybe a pharma with covid scare going away due to these phacines.
Does NIO remind anyone of JKS? an insane rally upward followed by a fast crash downward
Oooh even better. I sold my 100 shares @11 avg when it consolidated for awhile at 17. 

Ngl though. I've been playing Nio since 7s and never lost on more than a couple calls I sold early. Shares and calls I rode from 18-22 and still holding 20 shares because I thought it was consolidating and played elsewhere. Somehow being the biggest Nio bull I completely stayed out of options on the run since breaking 24. Fuck me right lol.
Wouldn’t bank on it. A lot of institutional buying today and during ah.
Wanting to throw my profits away like an autist
Do research, tends to pay off.
I had 39c and sold it on Wednesday
Thanks Chimpu
I was looking at this one and AYRO back in July. Any thoughts on AYRO?
How many more years before you can retire?
I got a 60 day ban from /r/investing....
Thanks chief
This world is crazy , can U Bois believe I made 3k today , definitely I was not I gay bear 🐻 I had calls to day FSLy,EBAY,BYND calls
Tell me if this is retarded or not. I make monthly deposits in RH and just let the cash sit until I find plays I like. I was thinking about just putting it in shitecoin as a liquidity bucket until I see a good deal. Retarded or extra retarded?
Thats my whole plan.
Qualcomm
I mean, I've never done it either lol
You’re a genius
Yeah but I think he’s drunk it’s optionsprofitcalculator.com 

There’s apps that save your positions and multiple legs and show you P/L. If you’re a huge nerd you can export the data to premade excel sheets as well.
I just remembered about this poll. Checked my guess, was off by .41, which is quite nice actually :)
This is actually my life. Fuck you
Inb4 SPY hits negative values.
[deleted]
Lol at people doubting papa musk
Thanks I was offended until I saw this
This guy fucks.
My spy 7200c gonna print hard af
How far out is that expiry? 

And that’s brutal, but a couple good days and you’d get back some money I’d assume!
go post about it on instagram bitch idgaf

and no grandmas not gonna be there im not retarded
Bro I'm in the same hole and idk to buy now or wait a day or till Monday but then what if they're all 3 nio and xpev and li up and up
The Fun utility vehicle? Have you seen that thing?
Kookmin Bank.
What the fuck are you doing back
When is MRNA releasing results?
Stimmy comes down to the GA senate runoffs.  Unless the dems take both seats, 🐢 is still in charge which means no or a very reduced stimmy.
Ban
Nah but amateur buy ratings usually have bullish arguments
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** We did it boys we’re tik tok famous

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt8mnn
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt8mnn) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/JonnyboiVEVO, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
guillermogutierrez
cummethazine
CallsOnAlcoholism
dunkaroojk
IEP. Dividend stock - pays about 16% right now.
10 sq 185c 11/20
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Anyone else find this odd? One of Yale's fund has GSX (or Chinese Chegg, I like to call it) as top holding. 

[https://whalewisdom.com/filer/yale-university#tabholdings\_tab\_link](https://whalewisdom.com/filer/yale-university#tabholdings_tab_link)
Or two months if you live in Argentine!
Cut off the nose to spite the face.

It would be cheaper for the economy to pay everyone’s family that dies of covid $100,000.  We cant survive another life/business shutdown.
GAC Group will be the only EV company left standing after the hype is gone. They trade at a buck 25
Cuz I said so
Yea, big day. I think both PDD and JD are good companies, i have stocks for both in my 401k.
They still can’t get laid
Why?
The dude is unreal
I might Add, why not just buy shares? The warrants should track the stock very closely and you know you’re getting .31 shares per warrant. Only reason I see buying warrant is you see an arbitrage opportunity.
If we keep getting regular red days, I might start waiting to YOLO for a red day. Earlier rallies never stopped for breath.
Go
Arizona and Texas markets are infuriatingly retarded
[deleted]
What’s your NIO call?
Boys, I'm a clown. 

I had NIO 39c 11/13 and I sold for 30% gain. Had XPEV 50c Jan 2021 that I sold for 50% gain before earnings. 

Had GRWG 25c 11/20 that I converted into spreads during the selloff capping my gains at 15%.

I know I'm making gains but each of these would be 2 baggers. It sucks.
It's another EV stock so I'm buying
"Retards" is our word, you've got no right using it.
You actually got hope. I bought at the bottoms today too lol, gl tomorrow soldier
Think market will open aladeen tommorow
Korean Barbeque?
It won't.
Get in loser, we are catalyzing the loss of all data privacy but will become wildly rich in the process
Ban
Same
Great tax write off!
What the fuck is the phone allowance
So I Guess I Will Buy One Share, For Then I Can Be Rich
Did you say choccy milk
Me too
No, sell 0dte 50 covered calls.
Do the same on Monday for 11/20.
Sorry- I was contemplating that. I think this batch I picked up Feb 10th
SPY between 0 and 9001 tomorrow

guaran-fucking-teed
What are you a pussy? It's the weekend. Boof both.
Plot twist, this guy posted all 3 of these
Imagine being Jeff bezos gold fish.
Whats everyones thoughts on JD earnings ? Bought a bunch of calls last week for the 20th ...they we crushed earlier this week but have mostly all fought there way back to get me just in the green . Singles day helped i believe and the fact that the antitrust seemed to be an overreaction for JD . However when originally buying the call , earnings was set on robinhood for the 20th , then it randomly said the 24th this week and now its the 16th . My concern is its premarket 16th meaning id have to make a decision before close on friday to sell , the "run up" would now be left to tomorrow. After seeing pinduoduo print today after earnings a part of me wants to hold thru the weekend ... sell or hold that is the question ?
YAS🤗
All Chinese stocks could be down tomorrow
Then you in the wrong sub ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
We’re fucked.
After the mods banned me from this subreddit my performance was significantly better than when I came here daily

I guess they actually did me a favour...
hahaha ill have to look into that. that sounds hilarious
Sittin pretty, follow my lead.

https://imgur.com/a/f21DFg6
Telegraph. Before that, we used pony express. 
  
Youth today...🙄
Ikr.
whats the price now
Interest rates are not at 0%.
Stop being a bitch. You will be okay. FaceTime them or something. It hasn’t even been a full year yet bruh
One of us.
Yeah I feel it
Yall think will meade is a real person?
Gonna try to add to my 3/21 $55 $KB calls. Should go up after earnings next week. The Koreans have the Rona figured out.
Tommorow decides if it’s a meth or coke weekend, NO WHAMMIES
Covid is fuckn badass

Survival of the fittest, good luck out there
Yeah! That’s $47 billion right there!
I actually think you are right. I may have been wrong. I've never gained so it would be new for me. Based on info I see online, you might be right.
Why not both?
ZM will blow top off tomorrow. So will MRNA.
What are some safe short plays?
 Bubble 2.0 need to burst already

**Bad news for home buyers: Prices are going up everywhere**

 [https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/success/home-prices-rising/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/success/home-prices-rising/index.html)
Its not a yolo if you can afford to lose it. 6 piece spicy combo at twendys
Few weeks ago. Averaged at about $32/share.
[deleted]
Paper account probs
Approved.
It'll be red by morning. I say this as a Bear.
What if there was a version of Unsolved Mysteries for kids but it was called Unsolved Mystewies

APD 280c
This is pretty damn good not gonna lie
Do you guys think the decline in BABA are investors selling or hedging?
I heard this is the craziest of the crazy place. So thats why i came here to ask.
You're right thanks Jan 100c
Puts on cruises 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnn.com/travel/amp/caribbean-cruise-seadream-1-covid/index.html
What in the Boomer is this drivel? What’s a brochure?
I would legit watch a full length Threat Level: Midnight movie. I would also legit watch a full length Lethal Weapon remake ala It’s Always Sunny.
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
glad you added for what its worth. the s and p to 30 year bond allocation is close to all time highs rn, which is a spread that is very indicative of capital flows. rn hedgefunds and big money are still risk on
Fuck sorry to heard that.
That’s why I’m skeptical of investing in Chinese stock...

NIO 30C 11/20
100 shares xpeng
200 shares nio
NIO. Turn it into 420. Turn that into 42,000.
My manager threatened my phone allowance if I stayed late again today, in efforts to help me with my work life balance.

Little does he know, I have no life. I live to work, to fuel my retarded plays with you fucks.
Qualcomm, microsoft, Walmart, dataddog, moderns, AMD, Nvidia
BREAK 3520 U BITCH
NIO to infinity by the end of the month
Virus is Chinese, it already took over. Definitely nio calls
Nio was 39 on Wednesday
It’s an ask of 0.03 robinhood makes it 0.01 if there is no bid
[removed]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Help me. YOLO around 1k on NIO, SOLO, XPEV, & LI Options tomorrow?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt8kmo
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt8kmo) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Doctor_Shrek, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CallsOnAlcoholism
CeasarsDressing
Might as well buy it. If it goes to -100% your money is worthless anyway.
When NIO broke 48 today
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Power bottom
My hypothesis is that the hospitalization rate (number of hospitalizations / positive cases) peaks whenever the first big surge/wave of covid comes through for a given area.  The hospitalization rate would be lower during second and third waves.  These are just percentages not hard numbers.
What's the DD?
Surprise MF
if one more person calls me a pussy, i will cry
short this guy^
What's a few million when billions are at stake!
How my NIO $55c 02/19/21 looking?
It was down for the past 2 days and the market was wacky. Sample size of 2 proves DIX is science.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Technically beating the S&P 500 average by 7x

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt7zet
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt7zet) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/justgrego, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Volkswagens1
potisyourfriend
This is fucking gay. Ban
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Home ownership isn’t an investment, it’s a huge ongoing expense and liability. But so is life. :-)
Whoa now let's not get crazy here.
-
yes
My friend got in at $23 and I laughed it off
🦭this is the sexiest emoji
[deleted]
The calculator as in that website that guy posted in here?
🌈 🐸 are taking over...ahhhh
Chi-nio
I will happily write those for you
Hell ya it’s possible
Just buy +/-10 on spy 0dte tomorrow those are .01
There wouldn’t be enough #rope in the world if that ever happened
Dude calling $50 NIO all week on these threads, if you prophesy is correct I owe you a ZJ dude.
So distribution of vaccine with a side order of lock down
yeah lockdowns take 2 weeks to even affect the numbers, we just started to lock everything up so we got at least 12 more days of unrestricted growth. Calls on $VID
oh herrro
Do it for us!
Just trying to show that the earning tomorrow can look good that’s all
Lots of NIO tards in the thread. What are your positions?

STO x4 37p 11/13 /
BTO x1 50c 11/27
Everything except for the social security check...  don't see that one happening.
[deleted]
Umm? XPEV is up 40% today to NIO’s 12%... weeklies on XPEV woulda crushed NIO
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnn.com/travel/amp/caribbean-cruise-seadream-1-covid/index.html
Ye
Insert “Wolf of wallstreet” meme:

I’M NOT SELLING
You think he got those hair plugs for boyfriends?
I support value investing and don’t play options. I just was curious as to his thoughts.
20 for big reward
Lol. Appreciate it bud.
Dogs enjoy squeaky toys because it triggers an ancestral instinct that reminds them of whimpering prey.
Gonna need a copy of her panties as verification
Horizon zero dawn?
Hang Seng gonna pump us, they love doing that
just opened?
The song is “Stan” by Eminem for anyone wondering. It’s pretty heavy, if you’re looking for something to put you in a weird mood. Listen to the words.
You can but you need to do it fast, I believe you have until the 25th, but you’d want to do it immediately
[removed]
Your late to the party and this post is useless. BAN.
[deleted]
It’s okay to be gay here. Really, we’re a very non-judge mental group. You’re home now.
It’s not true unless you post it on Facebook to let your friends know how fucking retarded their kids are compared to yours.
After the vaccine news I believe stay at home stocks are oversold for where we’re at with the virus
You would rather regret taking profit too early then losing a bunch over the weekend. Atleast I would 😶 I grabbed 10 puts at 49.30 after selling my calls at 46.8. Sooo. It’ll probably moon tomorrow cuz I’ve got paper hands but 🤷‍♂️ go with your gut bud.
I noticed QQQ 320C 11/20 are 0.01 is it possible to buy 150 of those? I never get lucky to buy stuff that is 0.01
Watching UROV print tendies
COVID won't matter till it does. watching all those hospital capacity rates
Or FUV
no butt stuff
Comet striking the Eastern seaboard might do the trick.
"Took awhile" ...

Hahaha nice work!
Ah fuck are we going back to 355 and then hang there for the rest of the day
Kant would like a word
After the election and the prospect of a split congress bringing gridlock, I sold cyclicals and went back to tech.

Then Pfizer happened.
Give me a +0.5% green day tomorrow and I will celebrate with the rat king at Chuck E Cheese.
Can’t wait for the EXTO SPY buys!
[deleted]
E-commerce in the sixth-wealthiest continent on Earth! Sounds promising!
Congrats dude!
Futures blood aladeen
What’s a good SQ play?
More of an escort service but yes
The only thing I have in this World are my testicles and my word and I don’t break them for nobody!
Taxes
Only if you already know where you want to live all your life. Which is uncommon in your 20’s. The transaction cost of changing homes is immense, and not just in terms of money. Take your time, wait for the boomers to start selling off their too-large homes.
I'm sure we will have elons cult as a major player.
[removed]
open to discussion
WSB can’t do 2 red days after PLTR
I know it is not THE coolest State nor City but you can get an absolutely amazing home in a really nice neighborhood for mid $300s.  Still have some jobs here too.
Money changes people.
Why do they look like kidnapped hostages?
[deleted]
Please sell out at the open!!!! Ill give you $100
Why did you type that. That wasn’t even funny. That was actually retarded. I’m just posting for the memes man
I’d 100% buy that dip
[deleted]
I believe they are high on some mental drug. Preston just got enlightened and got caught not taking his dose.
If VIX could just calm the fuck down already i dont like where this is going
ur just wrong
For a large city like New York or in a super nice suburb like Beverly Hills, you’re correct. But for an ok suburb (not the top one but mid tier) of most American cities - places like Omaha, Kansas City, Salt Lake City, okc, Detroit, Columbus - it fits. I’ve lived in these types of suburbs my entire life, only once on a coast.
Does it make me a 🌈🐻 because I had the thought of buying puts? Im really confused
Omg I just spit my drink out of my mouth 😂😂😂
I gave your gal a deep _ _ _ _
zoom thanksgiving. new trend.

&#x200B;

calls on zm. ez money
No way, what do you think this is Steven Spielburg productions?  We just have me, the other guy, and a camera on a tripod.  Okay sometimes there's a tranny but that's it.
Sex, drugs and graphic violence all in one number
I've been investing heavily in them since $18.

I fell for the gay bear 🌈🐻 trap twice losing 50% or more.

From now on I just ride it into expiry date.
Ban
I am glad that I am the first retard to tell you the math is correct.  Just remember theta changes over time so keep an eye on it.
Why
Positions, all NIO, all expiring 11/13....

47c 49c 

49p 46p 43p

Wtf am I doing lol. Assuming this moons tomorrow idk what to sell first, but I can guarantee you I’ll choose the order that fucks me hardest.

Also AAL 12p 11/13 - fuck this company. I had 15.5c and they lost all equity immediately after I bought them.
Schools still closing, everything going online. In college and purely anecdotally I see everyone in college getting memberships. Expanding internationally.
I’ll call your claim and raise you going in on AMZN at $3,465. Beat that
[deleted]
Tesla*
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** WAYYY OTM NIO CALLS INCOMINGGGG

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt8a2f
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt8a2f) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/wankerbanker415, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
mshooter76
guillermogutierrez
Frostmaking
JG-Goldbricker
tetrastructuralmind
Giraffe-kit
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Dang, how much did you lose?
I’ve had them for a while, sp had a pretty big dip after a run up
Governor Lightfoot?
We are not going to have another green day until I sell my long positions. 

Once I do, we'll have the biggest rally of all times. As fucking always.
Got a lonely nio put exp tomorrow, I hope the sun rises and rapes the futures
Take longer positions. I’ve been 70% index funds & am 35 now...

https://imgur.com/a/f21DFg6
But more covid is more stimulus.
hm pltr calls ???
[deleted]
Beatboxing.
Fuck ps5 imma buy me a model 3 fuck the cuck scalpers
BAN BAN BAN BAN
Exactly ;)
[deleted]
Congrats man, I’m heading in the same direction, slowly but surely
Both so we are all winners except theta gang
[deleted]
If you buy in now can you still redeem the warrants? Or is that only for previous holders?
Look up Terrence McKenna. This was hoe he told people to do mushrooms
Fake red
[deleted]
[removed]
the 10 year is yielding 63% more than it was in June, for what its worth.
You’re right.. when all the headlines were negative in Feb/March you made money being bullish because you looked beyond the headlines. You clearly know what you’re talking about. Keep doing you buddy wish you luck
Wsb autists ~~taking out a second mortgage~~ committing straight up mortgage fraud for TSLA calls
Remember when people used to worship Zeus, Odin, and Egyptian gods and shit? I wonder where modern religion will be 100, 1000 years from now. It’s very interesting to think about. And yes I’m aware I’m at McDonald’s.
Thanks bro i really need the support. Watching my account go from 60k to low 30s in under week has been depressing af have not eat anything. Thank s hopefully it moons and i can give out some love with my tendies.
[deleted]
Good luck to u too 🥰
You can be the machinist Bale and still win. Can’t lose.
I would cum
Dollar 35
[deleted]
Calls on XPEV, Puts on Li. Just read the StockTwits Li room and am now feeling this energy.
$170k riding on APLS
This is my worry I’m rocking the same
I completely forgot when the market closed and didn't sell mt PLTR calls. FML.
either as long as its obvious
Good luck with NIO.  It's got some retard strength left in it.  But its of course wildly overvalued.  Diversify and try to push your options out a bit.  You never know when the black swan will stick its beak up your ass and honk.  I had $80,000 in Ali Baba and thought I was fucking GOLDEN with the ANT IPO, earnings, singles day etc.  Then out of the blue Chinese regulators curb stomped ANT.  Ok fuck.  Well thought I had some salvage with Singles Day, where BABA did $75 billion! in sales, but Chinese regulators then timed it intentionally to release new draft rules on big tech anti-trust regulation to double fuck BABA.  Ali Baba dropped hard.  And even though Chinese stocks like JD all had nice bounces back up, BABA has gone fucking sideways.  Kiss of death.  No one wants to touch this putrid thing despite being an earnings machine.  My $80,000?  down to $15,000 in some LEAPS and I'm too shellshocked to figure out what to do with.
Maybe hook them up with some paving jobs?
Futures were higher during today's regular trading session
Crazy shit
Its been doing well for me. I think NIO is probably going to start losing some steam in the next couple of weeks and KNDI will be the next really volatile electric car company. They also sell parts for electric cars and develop new battery tech
Yup. Even another stay at home order won’t crash the market like it did the first time imo
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
320
Not surprised. The Chinese are indeed superior in all aspects except...you know.
Nationwide DAILY covid cases:

October 7: we cross 50k cases
November 4: we cross 100k cases
November 12: we cross 150k cases

Timberrrrr. #bearish
Fidelity is amazing what do you mean?
Yes. Have the luck on your side and have an idea of market being over bought or over sold. I will sometimes do this for scalping if I’ve got a solid feel of a stock’s movement - but market now is so volatile you can get wiped out.
Nope, in general noticed it with other options. I usually submit bid preopen based option calculator
Some of the best 4 seasons of television ever
this is what I like to see!
My first ever yolo on some 215p, just to wake up that next morning completely wiped out. Took a 7 month break after that lol
Why CHGG? I don’t see the rationale for that
Puts on GMC
DD: they aired the same winter commercial from last year so obviously poor bois
Why would you buy the 11/20 $25? Right now they are trading at .01 same as the 11/20 $20. Same cost way more upside if you stick to 11/20 $20.
Lol🤡
U want me to lie and pump the stock?
Noice
🤡🤡🤡🤡
You are a saint
Dix was low for a while and we went up. Its nothing but a meme
42069
Gonna be a lot of sad NIO bag holders if that actually happens but super unlikely. This admin just blowing smoke. The next one is selling "stability," which sounds like they'll want to nip this China standoff in the bud and get back to making money.
Recommend a doomer band
I'm sure about 5% of the people from March are still around.
Imagine proclaiming a red day down a third of a point 12 hours before the opening bell.
Nio gang is strong ill give them that
Like the seagulls from Finding Nemo.
12 week old daughter here. Looks like you are 2 years younger than me, so you got this.
The day: December 31, 2019. 

The location: CCP headquarters 

Begin scene 

CCP #1 “He ate the bat”

CCP #2 “THIS IS IT! This IS IT!”

End scene
150P were going to print!
[deleted]
Gather around children and let me tell you the tale of when it took the nasdaq a decade plus to recover to their dot com highs.
screen shots or ban

also lemme see how you spec'd your lamb
Herbert Hoover’s successor
Even at the money and in the money calls have no volume and a big spread, something doesn't add up here.
You can definitely find a job in suburban Cleveland, Columbus, or Cincinnati, all of which apply to what I said. Same goes with suburban Nashville or Charlotte. All have decent nearby areas with houses under 300k, maybe 25 miles from the city center
Intergalactic vehicle that makes it to the atmosphere and then proceeds to crash straight into the earth.
Green or red?
BitKorn!!!'nnnnnnn
Please give us an update this time next year. look forward to it.
Elon has also compared its 420x42 difference between the stock, which might seem like something small to everyone but it seems hes not tweeted or mentioned any other EVs besides nio? Elon could see competition between both companies, one factor being Nios “cheap” battery switch method they got going on . I might be reaching but somethings there for nio 
-never underestimate the china men 😳 this is true
Yea i called but they did not let me, since they said i did not make enough money. yea iwas able to grow my account considerably, but then this trade fuked me hard in the ass so far. Yea lets hope this shit moons.
i memba shorting Tesla at 350 lmao
Zoomsgiving
Something about a pandemic that is killing people.
So you can sail away as far as you want on a fucking yacht
You sound like a good dude, I also just got married and bought a house that we’ve been renovating for a few weeks now that we’re going to move into and rent out the basement of! Hurray on diverse investing!
mY prICe taRget is 180
[deleted]
They might, but they sure as hell didn’t invent this contraption
fuck pltr!!!!!
[removed]
try not to infect grandma
F A K E A N D G A Y
I just wonder what would cause a second crash tbh. I feel the initial crash was due to the unknown about the disease and people being petrified about the potential death rate. We’ve been climbing since as the disease has gotten worse. Another shut down would just put more small businesses out of business but I don’t see the market crashing if we have a stay at home order.
I will be messaging you in 12 hours on [**2020-11-13 14:26:01 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-13%2014:26:01%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt81kr/im_starting_to_like_china_go_nio_xpev_li/gc43q2p/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt81kr%2Fim_starting_to_like_china_go_nio_xpev_li%2Fgc43q2p%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-13%2014%3A26%3A01%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt81kr)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** The waistband in my comfiest pair of shorts died today. Expecting this news to crash the market

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt6xvc
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt6xvc) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Roth2, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
BonsAndBrodes
Drwhalefart
First thing that came to my mind was to buy puts. Call it is.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I wonder what’ll happen if LI doesn’t have good earnings. Like I have a call on XPEV so I really want them to have a good one so I can ride the wave but
[deleted]
If LI does well, shouldn’t I day trade LI instead of Nio ?
Bring back 5% days
Upvotes, downvotes, who gives a fuck. You clearly aren’t playing the game many of us are playing if you are here talking about reddit votes.
Yeah I'm not selling contracts on this shit. The premium is very juicy but I have no clue what'll happen at earnings.

Its had an insane run up the past month so maybe we see big selloffs, or their ER is as good as XPeng and it moonshots like crazy.
Algos fucking us in the market... algos fucking us outta the market
Smart boy. Cigarettes will be good for currency soon
F Your Puts podcast on YouTube. I was a guest lol
!remind me 12 hours
might have a point, but if he right ill be too late, prob
That's fair, but major metro suburbs are some of the most expensive houses around
2 red days in a row is this that allowed?
PLTR how long can you get away without making any money...
Dark souls is a very fun play
People voted to delete them because they’re shit. Good luck tomorrow.
jesus christ
Did not expect solar to trade flat for possibly 2 1/2 weeks
Rapidoly
Are you a youth church pastor
Obama lead the biggest DEA raids on legal weed stores.

You might be too young to remember.

https://www.thedailybeast.com/inside-obamas-war-on-weed

https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/five-mind-blowing-charts-on-the-war-on-pot-201755/

https://reason.com/2013/06/14/obama-is-80-percent-worse-than-bush-on-m/

https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/obamas-war-on-pot-231820/

http://www.laweekly.com/obamas-war-on-weed/
Action, meet consequence.
And?
Yep I checked his math

11-1=1
[removed]
Bought my 12 yr old son 1 NIO share at $11, six months ago to get him interested in stocks...



Well, he sold at $39 and bought cigarettes.
K shaped recovery
Why r futures red?
ZM, CHGG, DKNG.... lets see what happens
??
I stopped myself from FOMOing into NIO at 36. Puts on my judgment.
Daddy Biden says put your mask on like a good little murican
Duh
Same and also why? I can’t not read the weirdo boomer op-ed
i bet you think strippers like you too
Take the millions and travel everywhere and I promise you won’t give a shit
🚴🏼‍♂️
Retards talking to retards... it would blow up
[deleted]
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-11/if-we-re-not-careful-a-vaccine-might-help-covid-19-spread
All in a days work boys
Post proof or you are gay
Fallout 76
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-11/if-we-re-not-careful-a-vaccine-might-help-covid-19-spread
This makes sense, thanks for the explanation. Doesn't selling options imply more risk though if they're exercised? e.g. I don't have several batches of 100 shares of stocks I'd sell options on.
Look at JKS
Exponential growth, 300k by week from Monday. Everyone also forgets the death numbers will sky rocket when hospitals are full.
You jump to the right and you shake a hand  
Then you jumpy to the left and you shake that hand  
Meet new friends  
Tie some yarn  
And that’s how you do the Scarn
[removed]
Calls on rdr2
Tendy Wendy
the people that are receiving the vaccine has a chance of becoming asymptomatic spreaders. They may be spreading without even knowing.
\#thetagang stay true to yourself
Rewatching Dexter. I’ll probably catch a falling knife tomorrow.
Get out while you can, pussy. Or throw it in an index fund minus 20% and then Yolo to the moon
Yolo spy puts $250 Jan 13.
Options or shares ?
Tuesday November 10 9:30 am to 11:00 am Eastern is an example of a dip
Posts get taken down, not deleted. And I’m up 20% on my calls rn :p
Remember when SPY was 218 and we shorted like a bunch of clowns lmao
DIX is high as fuck we should be moving up tomorrow
Me make 4x initial investment 

Me think having more money in RH = more gains 

Me put in 10x initial investment 

Me proceed to lose 85% 

Me sad and retarded

Me belong here
I ain't trading mid-price channel, I'm waiting for 500 or 390ish before I recheck this stock.  I'm also all in Vix calls 30 11/18 since I closed my zoom position, way more money there.
Your return today is almost the same as my Total Return from NIO. Wish I got in at $2.50 instead of $14, but fuck it. Still glad I’m on the boat.
[deleted]
Bro, thats far away. You hold onto that shit unless Hindenburg Research writes up about PLTR
Can confirm. Went on WSB podcast and talked about NIO
great scene but video would have been too long. know your audience.
Only if BABA sells tanks
you act like the common retail investor can't read the front page of bloomberg, financial times, etc. Think about how many doomers are thinking the same thing and then acting on it. The market doesn't reward the crowd who reads headlines and makes plays based on it. The market does reward people who look beyond the headlines. Its a risk on environment and until i see my spreads change i will stay bullish
They do?  Even on Joe Buck?
my governor is trying to cancel me for going home to see my family for thanksgiving FUCK THAT we're all going insane over here
what's the point of tryin to make millions if we're just gonna be living in a post covid world where everything is fake and ghey and the joy is sucked out of everything
Used them to scalp $400 today. Don't have any suggestions, just use ur market feels.
Yup.
Calls on Bidets
My pp thinks y’all are silly
[deleted]
But, but, much zetas
[deleted]
[deleted]
The one
haha nah you're good man. Shit will print for sure. Stupid ass stock is complete trash.
Hahaha
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/JellyBand don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Markets didn’t care when 200,000 people died, they won’t care when 500,000 people die. They will care about massive incoming debt defaults if they happen.
Suck my balls
Sounds like you just aren’t into games anymore lol

I’d recommend no mans sky, it’s chill as fuck lol or some elder scrolls games. oblivion is still one of my favorites
Genshin Impact
Dont tell em
[deleted]
Me too
priced in
The Rival to Thomas Edison was named after this Company... They are pivoting into time travel after mastering gravity.
I don't even expect Tesla to use them. They just make dumb meme videos to get Elon's attention and if he gives a haha or retweet it could moon
My PLTR calls rocketed up to a -2,200% gain for the lucky son of a gun who bought 'em, so I rolled them up and out after a small down day for a $60 credit total since I foresaw the classic earnings day dip.  Now some poor bastard needs to hit nearly 19 before breaking even...theta gang, even when you lose, you still win
I think you killed him man. Damn!
Lol
Nice
Trump has just signed more anti china bills. Not sure how the market will react towards chinese stocks tomorrow.
It's honestly handsome. The comments in here reveal the virgin energy of this sub. Girls love that shit.
Do crocs sleep underwater? I think zebra just walked on him. The shame.
I'm buying 0DTE NIO calls tomorrow since I know for damn sure that it will print bigly
It would just be guys saying NIO every 10 seconds
Futures -50% would be apocalyptic.
320
352.01
lol no
Are my $22 PLTR Feb 2021 calls fucked?
thats the plan going to fomo some calls, then also some puts cause I am master of timing the top.
Oil looks fucking PRIME for a short
[deleted]
Nope sell half and use that half buy leaps
Bought puts today.  Fukkkkk
[deleted]
PLTR gang y’all ready to climb tomorrow? Leggo
90% of the time, the podcast episode will be talking about “retards”, “autists”, “YOLO”, “DD”, “Tendies”, Tesla, Mango, degenerates, gay bears, Green Day, and clowns
I wish there was a newsletter! Just keep an eye out of what you see around you. New tech, future products coming. Follow a few message boards, see what the buzz is.   New legislation passed that will have impacts, etc etc. There’s a few ways to spot incoming trends. Just keep looking for it
351.97
I know when the 3070/80 cards were released bots were buying em up, then AFTER they were all sold to reselling asshats NVDA starting putting captcha on checkouts
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Lmao
you and your mouse dik. Hey listen to mouse dik oveh heya. sez fuk the mouse
I might fuck with kandi tmrw
Like 3485 or smth
Dude I would listen to the shit out of that
About 18 months
Looks like a theta gang win
In a jar on your bookshelf?
If it crashes again it will crash harder because there’s nothing else the fed can really do. QE is already being done at unprecedented levels and interest rates can’t really be lowered below 0 without real long term ramifications to the economy and the market
I dig it
Radiohead ain’t doomer
TARD
They can they just don’t want to.

It requires sacrifice that isn’t fun. Living in a shitty apartment with 4 roommates? Or live life fullest?

I took the 4 roommates approach and sometimes I wonder if I made the right call, but, do own a home and have retirement accounts and preparing for buying second home and all that bullshit too
Kangarooish
he also has a lazy eye, what do i do with this information? 

Do i invest in La-Z-Boy Incorporated? $LZB long??
Easier to use a calculator since it’s all theoretical and theta is constantly changing since it’s more than one variable moving the number besides time like IV and the underlying, along with the gradual acceleration of decay as you near expiration. Basically it’s always moving.

The calculator is technically making an assumption as well but you get accurate ballparks in that moment.
Can you beat a -84.84% all time chart?
honestly if its red tommorw i might get some monday spy calls
Yes
Why
I bought at close fuckface, and why don’t ya go try and post about it again? Got a nice track record of deleted posts lmao

https://imgur.com/gallery/hYznQZB
[deleted]
Everybody sharing the same needle. /s
Whats SPYs next resistance if it breaks 352? Please provide analysis using crayons. Remember DD. Thanks in advance.
[deleted]
I’m holding until it runs, Tesla passed the throne to NIO, and eventually NIO will pass the throne on xpev, 3 different Evs (best in the market) that appeal to 3 different classes of citizens
That coat tho lol
Large chunk of shares I'm selling calls on here
Life is more fun when the market swings more than 3% over night
Real questions
TSLA was a 2020 play. 2021 is China to the moon.
USA kaput! China uber alles!
Cant wait to wake up and see zoom at 442 as we slowly rise back to 500 next week 🚀
[deleted]
Yes
And have a job?  Not many good jobs in BFE Ohio or the Dakotas or even nicer states.  Tennessee and North Carolina are beautiful.  Good luck finding a job in a second tier or worse city.
There is
Umadbro
No one wants to hear screeching and crayon chewing
Finally!


UVXY making my pp tingle
[removed]
Got faith in the pj traders to bust through it tonight
JD hong kong??
NIO calls tomorrow if LI does well?
China would like a word 

US anti-trust would like a word

EU anti-trust would like a word
Is it just me or does one half of Jeff Bezos look like Mr. Clean and the other half like he's had a stroke?
hyper-elastic mattress
Should I sell my NIO shares for leap calls ???
Looks like you got a little impatient at the end lol
🤡 🤡 🤡
Try God of War on the PS4, it had a very wholesome yet badass storyline. While not RDR2, it had its moments.
Yes.
DIX disagrees with future! 🐂
Look at a 6 month chart.. we are at pre-covid levels and beyond buddy. Even DRI a restaurant chain is near pre-covid levels. No stimulus coming, covid rising with restrictions coming daily now, a president that won’t address it and instead will contest an election he clearly lost. Plenty of room to fall..
I read about people doing it and then flipping it ASAP
that was cringe af
🈚️🈶🈸 🔋 🚙
Chinese fraud but haven’t been caught yet
Oh man you should be swimming in tendies by end of december. Call E-Trade and get higher level option approval. Extra cash while waiting for more price action. If you've got the dough in you account to be buying those calls they'll approve you.

Sell pretty high delta. I've seen some huge spokes up every month since August when a whale (SoftBank?) buys a bunch of calls...
Great game
Flair should be wall street legends
Thats powdered sugar 🌈🐻
On MSFT you mean?
Dark Souls remastered, online play still going strong too.
what about nio futures talk
Good movie
Fk if i know
Sure she'll get damp looking at an account graph that resembles the flight path of a Mexican cliff diver.
Support points are almost impenetrable on the way down but when we gap up they get sliced through like butter
Think TSLA but each one is perfectly each other like some fucked up anime character
Perfect idea. Pls post positions and your giga gains
When did you get a chance to demo one?
Better then a suburban housewife on a ton of scripts anyday
Very select instances like Monday for example

I've had it work enough times that I haven't learned my lesson yet
That was 40 market cycles ago. Got any stories from the civil war, grandpa?
I swear dude
I think I’m in the wrong market right now
Brooo i got all the way to place order and they fucked me
0DTE tomorrow on anything stay at home seems like a pretty sure fire bet.
so are we bullish or bearish for monday ?
I thought we were gapping up :/
Lmao I know.my bad. I assume if it has made it to Wsb gain posts it's too late
Greed is good - Wallstreet
Why isn’t there a WSB podcast??
[deleted]
Kekw true
Ghosts of Tsushima and Horizon Zero Dawn are good if you haven’t played those yet.
Bitch I’m sippin tea in your hood what the fuck is up you buttercup
09618 HKG 💪😤
Yeah
Ya... The information advantage was huge.

There is a reason we have blue sky laws.
I'm really not thinking things are going so well. I just walked around a strip mall while waiting for some take out to get done. The place used to be full and now there's 6 huge spaces for rent. This recovery doesn't seem so V shaped on main street.
Worked for nio
Fridays are notoriously green, any choice is a win
Flip your phone upside down. It’s still up and to the right. Unlike yours
Merci!
It’s time we all rise up and fuck the mouse back 🐭
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
He is the president for two more months, nothing is going to happen you retard
Describe the best WSB stock without the ticker name
that's tomorrow bruh
Been listening to Radiohead all day.I am the doomer meme 😟
Clown
Spy puts for a sell off eod before the weekend where a couple of state might be shutting down
Fake 0% rates don't cause inflation
Lol this is not encouraging dd
I frequently talk to our company China team. They say Tesla is the premium brand, NIO is seen as the “honda” equivalent. Still two great buys.
Yeah but shilling nio is fun. I had no position and I was all like, AntoNIO brown, MelaNIO trump, don’t be a miNIOn, etc yesterday.
Megaphone confirmed, top is in
Ah, thanks for explaining. I don’t know why you would call him Cook, seems kinda gay
PSTH - when will this deal close so I can quick looking at my Jan 15 calls and shares slowly dying?
Uhhhhh I wouldn’t listen to my shit lmfao

Only thing I’m holding is a baba leap and pltr fd put which doesn’t look stellar. Day trading the momentum on indices otherwise daily.
I feel that pain.. I too had a play that needed that, I bailed cus it just kept bleeding me out 

Fucking Amazon has been a shit stock ever since prime day, hope it shoots up for you though bro
Nice boxster
Like physically, or be in his brain....?
Get a razor, using a card makes you look like an amateur.
You’re having sex or a salad?
Jacked to the tits in 0dte 350p's. Hope they print
Some salty bastard is downvoting everyone.  What’s wrong, buttercup?
Snort some heroin and gasoline, might be a little bit more than an hour though.
TSLA IIPR NIO IQ CGC
Fuck you walmart
You underestimate Chinese productivity. Even Elon was impressed by it.
Yessir it is
Ford stock.
DAL going down
Congrats and thanks for all the insights. Now where is the newsletter that tells me what the upcoming trends are?
Same. Only game to have sucked me in like that for 10 years. Wanna buy a next gen console but don’t think I’m gonna find anything to play.
spy to 370 on monday
It is so fucked.  Latest report shows my area home prices projected to go up 6% next year.  People are asking 50% more than what homes went for 5 years ago here.  0% interest rates translate into cheap ass mortgages where people don't really pay attention to the price of the house, they pay attention to the size of the monthly payment.  And since the size of the mortgage you can get at a set monthly payment goes up as interest rates go down... guess what happens?  yeah, home prices inflate to fill that new spending power.  Which really, really fucks people who come along next when they have to deal with higher mortgage rates AND the now inflated as fuck home prices.
CUK
You guys ever realize how successful Minecraft is? Literally still relevant to this day. Calls on Minecraft
The fuck am is there to research at a casino?
bots buying em up?
a majority of retail is permbears, but what they don't get is that these huge funds need to park their money somewhere to get some sort of yield. bonds aren't giving yield and with the fed backing the market it is a no brainer to throw shit loads of cash into it.
Calls on Charmin TP...


Stock up now, boys or you be using socks to wipe.
What made you think it was a good idea to fuck with the mouse?
I just want lots of tendies so I can use the gains for the series x
ACB is going tits up you stoners.  The only thing getting higher is my this big red dildo going up my ass.
Bought a grwg leap a few weeks ago if anyone is looking for a marijuana play - they sell the equipment for marijuana farming.  Don't know much about the company TBH but earnings was today and looks good i think 114% revenue growth.  Management is shady AF though if u trust the Hindenburg report so I only put in cash I'm okay losing.
Ty ty
NIO
Bad news is good news for stocks.

Don't worry, you'll get how it works soon. So traders are kind of always happy and miserable.
Yeah. I kinda dismissed it yesterday but if that 18 hour battery with promised performance = true, I would want to go out and buy a new laptop
And the exciting company making absolutely real flame throwers
Lots of puts on NKLA, holding FSR calls
I said the same thing and still made gains. Just dont pull out.
Im a degenerate gambler so im doing it anyway. Just dont understand it is all.
🤡🤡🤡🤡
If we all resume our normal lives but spread it to the anti-vaxxers, it's a win/win.
[deleted]
Just make sure you panic sell tomorrow or it doesn’t count
Y’all insanely bullish on SPY, did u forget we were at 320 like 10 days ago ?
IEP
Ya pretty much this. And people will continue to go out right now because they hear a vaccine is coming out
🤡🤡🤡🤡
witcher 3
He might run in 2024, but I seriously doubt the GOP is dumb enough to nominate him. He’s got roughly a 0% chance at winning in 2024.
This morning
Yes
1% sell off after a 30% run, nice.. ain’t looking good for you lool
I want to have alex jones's brain for 1 hour
sell covered calls, they're basically free money
Nah I think you just get some back. Gonna yolo it all in nio calls tho
fuk that shit....... i need amzn at 3.5k
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Class A

NYSE: BRK.A
FINANCIALS

Finance

336,811.00 USD −3,765.09 (1.11%)

Closed: Nov 12, 4:10 PM EST · Disclaimer

After hours 336,811.00 0.00 (0.00%)
Yeah which one
352 support still Jesus
[deleted]
That shit is crazy, the air be beating the macbook pro ffs
Im saying the economy is already shit so there's nothing to kill with a lockdown. Lockdown, stimmy, boom back to normal in the Spring with a clear plan forward for vaccine rollout.

Not a corporate stimmy, a real one. Fuck the GOP for kicking the can down the road and funneling money upwards.
I have like 98% of my account in options and use stocks as a watchlist... lol
I'm doubtful, but I have a strong feeling that we'll see 345 by Wednesday
Let me introduce you to Kandi.
Nio took the blue pill
Don’t worry, us smooth brains have short
BETZ
You should have included the fight scene with Taye Diggs after he makes his way through. Nice choice of music
down about 100 bucks, in an 6.5k account
r/helpme
Are spy calls 11/13 fucked??
Whatever you say, wankerbanker
How would it be creepy to get your hair back? reddit moment.
Try the The Evil Within series if you haven't yet.
They won’t have the fear of losing their job if they don’t have crushing debt
Cool flair
PLTR right now. Profit.
You own Pinduoduo also I assume? How well did you make out on that? They had a huge day.
Does anyone here do 0DTE quick plays? Any suggestions?
Nio had the longest run up. Literally makes me cry.

Apparently grind my teeth too.
YOLO
It’s a nickname for Tim apple
🤡🤡🤡
You amazing fucktard congrats, down 100% but still got 1 penny, you're account is learning to how make its own brrrrr!
How should I know?
How?
I prefer XPEV over NIO cause the cars are cheaper so there not competing with Tesla’s, but stay the fuck away from LI, there cars are so slow and cheap they can’t even run in the USA freeway. And solo cars only fit one person. (NIO OR XPEV is the answer)
If only it was spammed here for over 2 weeks
e-commerce is the win-win play. if lockdowns, moons because essential, if no lockdowns, goes up as disruptive tech.
We need the earnings report for the divestment.
I had those 109p and closed for loss
I get behind that message. Also, fuck your moms you filthy sluts
Henderson
Idk why people are afraid of losing money. If you lose all your money just kill yourself, respawn, and start over
Check in between your couch cushions
Walmart.com is awful and no CDN will help that
Elaborate
🤡🤡
Breath of the wild
yolo puts
Fearless retards 🤣
The app is getting better and you can tell more people are playing I wanted to pull the trigger on them but didn’t
[deleted]
Ya I mean I guess I would say it's my 12 month target. But the way I am playing this is that I have a huge chunk of my portfolio in Palantir for as long as I can.

I read about stocks and companies every single day, and I will have to be convinced that I have found a better play, or that Palantir has capped before I decide to move part of my Palantir position into a different play.
529
Jwill with aaron jones hobbled
I bought them last week at 3220, and now I am just back holding. 
E trade doesnt let me sell calls against them for some reason, so i have to just stay put.
Omg same, what should we do?
You of all people need to support internet privacy laws.
ARKW and ARKF
Spergans 6:18 As the AH giveth, so does it taketh away.
Lmao @ people thinking SPY will touch 300 again in our lifetime
If everyone bought puts the market would short squeeze and everyone would be rich
Managed to get one in my cart on their site but by the time they fukin checkout page would load it was sold out
Vix futures up bigly.
I’m just fucking w/ you. Idk your life
Its the 5 year that gets me. The diverging diagonal supports and resistances, forming a perfect cone. 10 years of volatility here we come. Best time ever to be a trader
Already up a little bit and red AH, pretty sure I’m making money
🤡
rip i actually am positive
Thiel the love
Nelson Agholor, use your flex
There's people in this sub yelling for puts everyday but idk if any of them actually took up big Short positions cause I've seen no loss porn.
Need an engaging game to play. Haven’t found anything that’s as captivating as Red Dead Redemption 2 yet.
Yikes.  Darrel starts I think so I would roll with the starter of the 2.
Yes, some. It was a bit harder- less info, so I took a smaller position
*hamburger artist you mean
Just keep buying the dip brother. I keep adding to my position any time it's under $20. With the new share buyback program in effect it's looking pretty good to me.
Apple M1 is pretty dope not gonna lie
Why
Too late now
Tell me what happens. I get ADD and want to do everything.
or alts
Tell me about it. By the time my portfolio is crippled the market chooses to go bonkers over election uncertainty wtf.
They’re men playing dress up, and not fooling anyone.
Well I’m a physician at a hospital in New York where cases and hospitalizations are starting to rise ins. Very similar way to how they did back in March.
Why don't I ever hit a NIO or PLTR. God!
I’m a perma bull but no having stimmy will catch up to us
Absolutely
Ladies and gentlemen we got him
What are you even talking about? I have a wealth manager that does most of it, I just pick a few individual names for fun. This happened to do well this year.
Big nah. And I'm holding 340Ps
Why RTY not -10%yet
Fuck you Walmart site. Better start using FSLY.
Feel little frustrated I missed out on Cisco and tech stocks that bounced. Had to get wisdom teeth pulled so didn’t trade much this week.
RIP to my $4 ACB 11/27 puts
your modeling agency?
RKT
Any distilled liquor = no carbs
Ikr, do I need to drive to fucking Walmart to get one
Fuck you. Congrats tho
*Laughs in cunty*
peak wsb
brrrrrrrrr baby brrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I got a tiny shares position and some itm put credit spreads.

Think it might be nice
Is solo worth the hype
bloomberg says the vaccine might end up helping spread the virus.
bullish
Fuckkk I’d be stoked

I’d probably grab amazon shares and apple leaps
Tesla a boomer stock now
I've probably been shit talked by this kid on Xbox voice chat before
Oh man.. prices that haven’t been seen since... like two week before 

Lets get a real.. REAL dip, March 2.0
My mom said that just because all you retards jump off a cliff doesnt mean I have to follow.
I’m about to hop on NIO calls to ruin all you mfs lives 😈
This week for sure
One of my bigger regrets this past year was not going to that Jeep commercial audition my modeling agency submitted me to.
Musta turned gay bear for a bit in March/April, huh??
If I need to waste money on an expensive car instead of maximizing money for options by saving on gas and car then I take single. One can never have enough money for calls.

Nio, xpev.....
Same I’m pissed. It made me do like 17 captchas and then said oh no it’s out of stock!
Lol. I just upvoted that comment
Sir, this is Wall Street bets.
this is giving me boomer meme vibes
TLDR: People are selfish and stupid
Not all of us flip burgers here. 😉
RH prompting me not to make any calls because not one other person in the world is also trying to buy
In a world where politicians care about the people they represent yes. But you should know by now that’s not the case here
>I want it back down below 11 so I can keep loading up, one look at that supervillain CEO and I knew I was in

LOL amazing.
Jamal williams or darrel henderson for sunday fantasy?
[deleted]
I’m too poor for gold, but have this my good man ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Robinhood is for cunts
Whats a brother gotta do to buy a ps5 jeez
literally 0, sorry bud. everyone always plays this game for stock XYZ that has been mooning and is at an ATH. Consider that NIO has never been higher than right now and has 20x'd this year -- and you really think it's going to 2x+ from here? Puts on your common sense.
NIO!!!!
bro people have been saying this since SPY 2200
We getting to 200k cases a day or nah?
Nice try
Ath
It’s cause they forgot about the bleach enemas. Seawater just isn’t the same.
I live frugally, I just need to get from point A to point B. I could get a nicer car but all that’s going to do is have some dude go “nice car dude!” I think we live in a society where brand = wealth.
I’m in 12/18 280Cs. The problem we have is that BABA went down near market ATHs when it should have been mooning. So now it’s going to have to combat an overall market correction (that’s my guess) while also being lower than after the last couple corrections already
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [**2021-11-13 02:14:02 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-11-13%2002:14:02%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt5s5n/pltr_the_real_bull_run_begins/gc42fys/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt5s5n%2Fpltr_the_real_bull_run_begins%2Fgc42fys%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-11-13%2002%3A14%3A02%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt5s5n)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
tesla has a ton of fan boys.  i wouldn't short that
My cunt is dry
Don't jinx it
Lockdown = Tech pump
Lockdown = Volatility and predictability
Lockdown = More certainty and maybe stimulus

NIO.
Bewildered*
no one buying drinks for people on wall street is a bear. dont short the indices its a long term losing strategy. the only allure on the short side is quicker profits.
One of us one of us
Tendie town bb. I grabed 515s for next week. Prob wont print but never know and can prob get some profit
I want all those at those prices, especially AMZN and AAPL.
Congrats, fuck you, positions or ban.
[deleted]
The XPENGs shall ride with you 

May we share our chargers and be brothers in arms
[deleted]
And I still read it every day
Got about $4K in DKNG monthlies for ER. Feeling good about the lack of mentions here. To those in DKNG, sorry for the mention. Carry on
hard to draw conclusions from that, a lot of the states that got hit early have both some degree of herd immunity and lockdown measures in place.
Yep. Kills me to see people bet all their money and get slaughtered. I learned the hard way, he will too. You’re supposed to scale your positions down... not keep shoving it all back in.
Reads next comment “SPY 340 tomorrow book it”

Checks out
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All in on $NIO calls now
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Doctor_Shrek the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Just show her your RH account
352 is a real mother fucker
[removed]
-2% would be a nice market action
Someone doesn't have any allowance money left after choccy milk and candy purchases.
I suck cock for low grade fentanyl. Feel free to outdo me
Please
Calls on dentures
10....
10....
10....
10....
10....
10....
11....
10....
Favorite ETF names?

Mine are PILL, NAIL, & NERD
I feel like I should just not look at that COVID info (new cases, etc.). That shit is too depressing...just let that crap play out how it will.
You show me a slip of your life savings of 8k, and I won’t quit my job right now
Thanks! It’s helped me become a better mom because I could get most of myself under control mentally. Still need to work on *outside* factors that trigger it, but kratom is a lifesaver. I tell everyone how much it’s helped. No shame!
Genius
You probably good unless you bought end of August...?

I'm counting on a good run up by end of December. You selling anything against the calls? Should offset some decay, no?
Carrier pigeons I don’t know
Nordstrom
67.2%
Yes current hospitalization is similar to post July 4th peak. But unlike the former we are heading into a holiday so it may get worse
[removed]
Looks like about a year
I wanna invest in Jmia at some point...like five years down the road when it's ready
Ur bringing politics here too w this BAN
SPY 340 tomorrow, book it
NIO
Positions that got you here and positions that will get you to 7 fig?
Yeah, I can't even do 30 minute shows anymore without taking like two breaks and doing something else and coming back. I'm fucked. The concept of binge watching a series is completely out the window.

On the bright side, for work I can manage like 5 projects simultaneously now. Fucking wizard at multitasking.
“But the Ts are messing it up for everybody” J.K.Rowling
*Laughs in Yen*
Bruh did you check vix today
The latter one is a compliment for most of us
[deleted]
Market gonna tank, just you wait
Not until January
Is Kansas a pretty safe state to live in? I was thinking about going to KU but decided not to. Wasn’t too keen on not having a car that far away from home.
.
You turn your phone upside down and it still goes down
cmon /es crack 3514. I know you can do it. Its just a local low. you can go much lower than that, I'm sure of it
Imagine actually listening to some of the ass plays people shout out here
I’m so bullish and bearish at the same, it’s sick! Sorry but I’ll take my 10% -15% profits with me please! rinse and repeat!
That’s why I sold my leap today. Could of been ITM before earnings but this sub has made way too much money on nio.
More lockdowns means higher chance of a stimulus bill passing!
Big party guy
Based on how little PLTR comments there are here tonight, I expect 🚀🚀 tomorrow.
[deleted]
someone give me a stock thats oversold, with a 100% probability of going upward.
PSTH, SRAC, PLTR
And i oop-
Me too...I'm buying Lukin Coffee
Your trash. Invest in an etf and go away
"down here" being equal to "the price that's been hit only 7 trading days this year"
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt38hy/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020/gc3t1et/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
If you put money in the market. You are doing stupid shit. Leave it to the pros
We will make money
[deleted]
It’s been green 7/10 days for over 100yrs...
Was it actually 13? I’m kinda retarded and I’m not sure.
Solid DD tbh. I can't see a way that Pfizer translates their vaccine that requires -80°C into a powdered form without technology like theirs. Thanks for sharing.
Fuck walmart for crashing at the place order screen
WHY THE FUCK DID YOU REVEAL MY SOLO PLAYS
How did people know what stocks to buy/sell in the 1800’s? “Yeah I heard from so and so Arthur Morgan and his gang just robbed a train a few days ago. Sell railroads companies now! The end is near!”
Apple has got both covered. On this week's event, Tim Apple said Mac has been extremely popular and the majority of them are first-time users!
Sorry for your loss
[deleted]
Thx bud
Inevitable, soon.
Spaceio
Umm more lockdowns and barely red?

Makes sense
Give me your money.  I will show you.
True that...

I want spce at $14 

Amazon at $2500

Apple at $90

Microsoft $180 

Tesla $300 (would want lower, but that shit ain’t happening)

HYLN at $18 

BA below $100
Am I the only one who counted the bears?
Looks like you said four without naming them
Big if true.
Huawei is a legit company with great products. On top of that, they have a huge domestic market. If the us government didn’t do anything, we would have lost already
Porn?
Has anyone analyzed hospitalization rates in states that already had a covid surge before vs states in Midwest that are getting their big surges now?
Too many NIO bulls in here, I wonder what will happen tomororw 🤔
Same here bruh
I’m glad that it’s helped!
American in 1950 isn’t even the starting point, America in 1890 is more accurate. The world wars, depression and dust bowl (and half a dozen other things) slowed growth but also teed it up for fast and explosive recovery.

In Africa that’s the younger population + better connectivity. Biggest hurdles are logistics and global warming TBH
Where the sauce
God, I keep saying no more leverage.... But then another Chinese ev stock appears.

I haven't even fucking heard of this li auto. Got us Chinese hot triplets.
Investor
Use profit calc options.com and pick the day your options expire
How did you retards not see the clear star chart patter in the sky that said clearly we would limit down 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🥴
Currently down 60% all time
Will my 50c 11/13 print 🤡🤡🤡
Depression and anxiety.
If you bought more than one PS5 only to resell them you are a piece of shit
Nio needs a space company now. SpaceY?
Thinking flat but I’ll take up
EOY
Just because you hit 10k and have 5 of the 6 digits doesn’t mean you’re near.
He ain't conceding lol
Ban
Not a Boomer but this stock is the best performing stock of all time.
Weekly SPY $370 call holders on a downvoting spree

I just landed in LA and I am about to get fucking BAKED
BABA $300c 2/19/21

Seems like that the issues with the CCP are priced in. Having a great year from a purely business perspective. Would imagine that there is a high probability that news regarding BABA will skew positively; fucking BABA would indirectly hurt china
Post your results tomorrow.
Road to 0.00
Just more shut down talks. OH and NY shutting down soon. Not going to be a huge crash but we are fed headed towards 330
dam i have april and july calls. I am worried as shit this fuker this move up fast enought and theta decay fucks me in the ass. I am low key hoping on record black friday and cyber monday sales send this puppy to the moon.
[deleted]
Agree 100%.
Client we filmed last Friday just hit me up saying she got that positive rona result. Was on a set yesterday with maybe 30 people. 

NIO
Let’s just go back to 1000 SHOP. Thanks.
I’ve got a spy put and even I can tell you this shits about to be green af tomorrow
You literally made a post asking for help because you don’t understand expiration dates on options lmao you’re def broke
I knew that the COVID cases would "really" get bad, bc we were already surging with cases, and then had one of the biggest super-spreader events (election) you could have, plus post-election celebrations, right in the middle of it.
That buying power tho.
Literally smoking crack
[deleted]
Tomorrow is going to trade flat because we touch ourselves at night
If red tomorrow I hope ACB dies and fucks off already. Tired of this bitch not going right back down to where it belong 3-4 range.
[deleted]
Hell ya!! Well done dude
calls on philly jawn aye
Fuck you
always were 👨‍🚀🔫
[deleted]
Downvoting won’t bring you tendies. Only bad juju.
$rkt 🚀🚀
What a cock sucker that guy was! C’mon, beer man, let’s make like a keg and roll tf out this bitch.
Atlanta
 You guys ever look at the 1 year SPY chart and realize how big of a cliff were about to jump off of
Hahaha, nice one. See you at 13th floor.
Yeah man, I was up $6k the day before the Apple event and decided to hold thinking it was going to go up even more on the day of the event but that didn't end up being the case...
That’s going to cause people to eat each other
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**TFFP**|**$20**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$0.57**|**$17.2**|**10**|**74**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfmis2eh78h0770joqvkhqr) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/rando1023/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
I tried buying the PS5 but the Walmart website kept crashing
Chronic pain, or addiction?
Will Chinese stocks drop cause of trump tomorrow or what? I got BABA calls
Good shit 😎
Lol $435c
Sorry, is that math? No idea what those symbols are...
thugga rip to your portfolio my dude. you going to have to start smoking black n milds with those positions
Hold them
jerking off .... that was my fault
R u positive on ur broker, cause I think only ones that r down can join
I hope I been holding onto my last batch of RKT shares
Inverse yourself
I tried to compliment retardation. I shouldn't be surprised with the outcome.
Lol, downvotes from the Chinese bots. Trump should make Reddit force China to sell its stake. Fucking Commies using this to manipulate public opinion but won't even let US companies operate in their own country. Fuck China
Bears have been saying this every other day.. one day one of y’all will be right
XPENG GANG TOMORROW WE TAKE ON 50!!
Belated 2 months congrats! Will change your life!
Thank god I hedged daddy
I can lose money.  Now walk the walk!
6 figure net but drive a Toyota Prius? Yeah it’s gotta be pretty obvious why you’re single.
Autist award 🥇 congratulations 🎊🎈🍾
Are my $20 PLTR 11/13 calls fuk?
[deleted]
Kratom has saved my life, so yes.
SNHU


I did it kids!


Now back to work at KFC
Follow my trades
I really bought the fucking top huh
🥭 telling advisors if it's a Biden win he will immediately announce a 2024 run. That means he's willing to concede. We're getting that huge stimmy under Uncle Joe fellas!
[deleted]
Tesla is going to have a real difficult time selling in china, most people dont realize that. China govt would see a chinese company thrive over a foreign one
Example is huawei vs apple.
[deleted]
sad if true
Top
6 week lockdown with no stimulus package in sight.
Dude how
Lol I just looked into this. The solo looks like a fucking clown car.
[deleted]
Nio will not be red, dont know about Zoom
you misspelled after
You merely adopted the dark. I was born in it, molded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but blinding

http://imgur.com/gallery/s68QTVp
There's a reset button in the app. Did you enable it yet?
Remember where you are. The only gains people here  get from having more money in their portfolio are karma gains when they post loss porn
puts on hlt,ccl and call on jwn to cover myself if those stocks go up
4 inches is 10.16 cm
There’s an ETF called MOON
Tiger Woods did his thang today. Calls on Cablinasian golfers.
The next time people ACTUALLY pay attention to Tesla is when people realize they have 3 Giga factories just opened up and they are at 80% capacity or more each. They just have to keep their name relevant until that point. No one can catch them right now
Man call boys are starting to worry
That was the only reason luckin failed though. No cupholders.
Puts on fucking boomer Walmart who doesn’t know you should add captcha to avoid bots from loading up on gaming systems 

I hope Walmart gets a -20% day tomorrow lol
[deleted]
4 inches rock hard checking in
🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻

That’s 13 bears for Friday the 13th.
Does anyone know why CBAT is up 13% AH?
Start eating raw bats.
Gonna buy both a PS5 and Xbox with the NIO tendies I made today
hey downvoter! you’re a 🤡
That’s not true 13 is an unlucky number for the Chinese too because 1+3=4 and 4 is unlucky idk where u got this info
I really think Elon is scared of Nio
Lesbi-honest, anyone with a Robinhood debit card cannot afford coke. This guy probably has 3 kids, a wife that hates him, a mortgage he is one month behind on but he drives a sweet ass car with a douchey vanity plate and has at least two female co-workers that are contemplating reporting him to  HR.

Edit: Look at that dirty thumbnail.
I suddenly have to shit myself
And dec 14 electoral college casting ballots should remove last of 🥭 uncertainty
germ many 😨
I bought it at 28 2 months ago ... still holding
Damn... I thought I bought the top, this thing kept trucking.
If they turn into cruise brothels, they may not go bankrupt.
Positions - 5 SPY 355p 11/16 , 

 5 TSLA 400p 11/13,

10 AAPL 109p 11/20(these I'mma end up eating.)

3 DIS 130p 11/20
What do you mean, should be red? Haha
We're gonna break out of this triple top to the upside m8
What does a 400 IV mean?
bears shorting down here are going to get squeezed so hard
sounds like something a guy with a little dick would say
Look up married puts. Buy a few puts  and sell covered calls for a month or 2 out
Let me know how it goes if you do
How do I do the opposite of losing money?
All 6 seasons of GOT are great.
You must have been buying what he was selling
Drop a cinnamon stick in the cider while it’s hot too, good lord.
What part?

Probably communist Madison
Should I buy Kratom, I’m bored
Depends if you’re looking for an authentic or novel experience.  For novel try a chocolate Frostie.
Last time we had Friday 13th this year was in March 😈
It’s riced in.
Do you think Elon realizes Nio is going to eat Tesla alive?
I’m gonna guess /ES keeps hopping up on top of 3520 all night that shit is absolute lava
Spy is in a weird spot, it didn't drop hard enough for people to fomo back in.. its just kinda lingering
Where were you tuesday
trying not to look at nio till open otherwise i wont sleep
Can’t wait to see NIO short shorts and tequila soon
I could also cherry pick a few down stocks and put them next to a green one 😂
calls on apple cider. shit is dank
Hoping for a drop in Vix (UVXY) so I can go long before everyone forgets the election and realises covid cases are growing exponentially right now in the US.
Shit I ain't ever thought of that. I usually stay out on OPEX days tbh. Maybe I'll try that on the 20th.

Gamma lottos when I have a strong conviction about the day's move. Almost always ATM or $1 ITM tho. Enough delta on the 0DTE's as it is
Im doing it currently and it wasnt that hard. Im on my second house and i only had to save up 10k for a down payment on the first one. I really dont see why more people cant do that.
MMs like na it’s Friday the 13th shits scary, son. boudda sell these shits my dude
definitely.. who would drive that
Spy will be at 500 before that happens
They snitchin on da students cuh
Bad luck for me would mean we gap up if that helps at all. I have bad luck the lasts hour of the day proved that
One of his best bits imo.
Hold that for sure
That's the Devil's share
[removed]
Will zoom an nio be red tomorrow 🥺😢
Finally, someone without a smooth brain saw this for what it was.  A good earnings report.
Yah, that’s all that seems to work for me. I got through Barry, Atlanta, and Cobra Kai real easy.
Weaponized autism at it's finest
I love how we can get banned for saying 🌈 but not retard
What app is this, etrade? I want to create accounts for my children
Those fake asses and fake bodies are overrated. A petite chick with a nice little firm ass is way better. Easier to toss around and do whatever to also.
💎🖐this 1/15 SPY 350 p for a month or sell at first sight of gains?
‼️R❇️🥀🥀🌹I🌹🥀🥀❇️P‼️
I’m not even talking an hour - find a suburb that is adjacent to Edmonton or Calgary. Maybe not the number 1 richest suburb, but there are plenty others
Seems like that the issues with the CCP are priced in. Having a great year from a purely business perspective. Would imagine that there is a high probability that news regarding BABA will skew positively; fucking BABA would indirectly hurt china

&#x200B;

Thinking 300c 2/19/21
Hey online classes worked for me. Now I’m rich enough to lose all my money in the market while my wife’s bf pays for everything
get railed
I sold my 1k I got at 33 today around 39 fuck it buy in on the dip enjoy your gains if it doesn’t
Making me want to make friends with my neighbors so they don't view me like this
Intel will announce something
Looks like your getting NIO puts then. Ur fuked bud
Unfortunately i am . already down 20k in a week.
I was up 7,000 at one point. Ended the day up 6,100. Believe in it bro. It may reach 55 before earnings
[deleted]
If they don't lock down they're huge dummies.
Yeah it wasn’t because of covid or anything
im long so not worried, it gave good guidance should get back up tomorrow.
oh youre cool...I hope that shit tanks tomorrow just so you can feel my pain. you fucked up...that shit going back to 10$ be humble
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I want YOU to pick MY options call

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt6pge
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt6pge) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/redeye7142, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
redeye7142
Volkswagens1
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Sometime after November 20 we should get a little run. Ga certifies Biden then. Should get an uncertainty reduction boost for the market though I think it's getting priced in slowly. And covid sure the hell isn't disappearing any time soon.

Maybe we'll see some good news after holiday sales kick up and they can't hire fast enough. I've heard trading day after Christmas is traditionally great. Good things happening before eoy.

I've got 3300/3240 put credit spreads I've been nursing since August. Thought I was in control again Sunday night :(

I am an amateur guesser at best.
Very
What i really want is a dip i can buy ...
Moves??.....ok.....Wake up, look at NIO...head back to bed
you need to see a doctor bro
[deleted]
Dwdsquared or something. Great guy.
I'm from WI, I would never want to live in Steven's Point. My parents have a cabin near there. It's a cool place for a cabin, not a great place for a long term career.
Plus short term capital gains tax
What if it’s actually this obvious? Holy shit.
Strange. Selling "low" still feels the same...
Downvoting everything won’t bring back your NIO put losses
Not when the strength of a million autists and a healthy amount of news coverage keep it afloat
I actually believe it, as my NIO call this morning did the same thing.  There was no bid so it showed as $0.0.  Kinda makes sense.  Who wants to buy at the very beginning of the day when the price is so volatile.  If you watch option pricing it always lags behind the underlying stock.

This is also the reason why you can sometimes sell a call for more then it is worth when the stock is going up like crazy.  Happened on ZM call today.  Surprised me when it sold and then ZM stalled out and dropped end of day.
[deleted]
How optimistic are you guys for NIO tomorrow?
Banquet beer ftw
found the gender studies major lmao 

implying competition is bad? retard alert 🚨
[deleted]
Sold all my WTI shares today. Going to wait until it’s back down to 1.35 to get back in.
This is the physical manifestation of IV crush. Game on, retard!
Tomorrow is Friday the 13th. 
"The number 13 is considered unlucky in the western world, but not so in Chinese. Quite the opposite, the number 13 is considered lucky by the Chinese people."
Pussy shit
Red futes got this bear finna buss
NIO $60c 11/13
Some obese blue haired vegan from r/politics is back at it again with the downvotes.
Who even gives a damn about eu
doesnt hurt to take some profits
Fentanyl test strips are available @dancesafe.com

If you can afford drugs you can afford test kits!
Massive respect for holding. Can’t wait to watch you baghold until it’s $5-$10M gains
you can't do that
taquito
These guys see this smooth of a graph and think options just because wsb.

This sub has way too many people who don't trade options on here commenting.
Dippin’ Dots
[removed]
That's it. The rest of the forum who did not respond are down a lot.
Africa and those developing areas are starting from a way lower place than America in the 1950s though. Plus I don’t think the developing countries stocks are going to outperform the sp500 - they certainly haven’t over the past decade
First friday the 13th since march, which was limit down 👹
Futures tell nothing
Is PLTR kill or we gonna go uppies
Rivers never had sex, all kids invitro.
I’ve been retarded af this week. Top ticked it Monday on a couple of trash stonks... we’ll get those tendies back eventually
Judging from your post history you should come back here in a few years when you got life a little more figured out...... the retard strength of WSB is insane
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/rando1023 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i want spy at 340 and rkt at 25
Always inverse
[deleted]
Yup
2.5 year old. Gotta try to pay for private school somehow. When he was 8 weeks old I was so fucking tired... good luck.
I get 50k to play with December 2nd. Something something margin call blah blah blah 
Wouldn’t mind if soy tanked to 320 by then
lolol
Been trying all day like your girl but she still can’t get me
Such a waste of money we have college grads with 100k loans and we started recruiting employees who took just a coding workshop and no degree. They are just as good and have no debt..
You gotta think about this too, you get The new consoles at GameStop, you trade in your old consoles at GameStop, then markup and resell your old consoles (which are still absolutely viable and will be for years still) and the. Eventually that same console they sold comes back to them and then then mark it up and resell it again to someone else and the cycle continues. Their physical locations are cheap to keep the lights on and as easy as it is to just buy digital, there’s something to be said for physically owning shit especially hobby-related shit. I’m a die hard FROM Software Fan and will keep copies of the games all my life.
sold everything today. not looking good for us bulls
I had a stock position as opposed to an option; I'd still leverage the same process, however, as options are date-sensitive in terms of both expiration and theta decay.  In the case of PLTR, IV dropped from 400% (what I saw someone post) to \~50% at EOD.  Even at a drop from 100% to 50% (reasonable) you're losing a huge chunk of the value, especially if it's OTM.  The other thing to consider with options is that you don't know *when* the bottom is.  As for buying a put, that's something you'd want to do when the price is going up as opposed to down unless you want to minimize your gains. 

In the case of PLTR, I would've used the trailing-stop to sell the call, and then when the underlying hit what I thought was bottom, re-purchase the same call (for significantly less) and the difference would be your net gain (tendies), assuming you still wanted to repurchase and it made sense to.
I will second the recommendations of Nightcrawler and The Florida Project, both excellent movies.
It means your puts are worthless
[deleted]
Give them to me.
buy more Nintendo and Sony?
The 352 war continues.
Duh. 
Now if only robinhood would turn off red mode for me.
imagine thinking we're gonna hold 350 longer than a week
He pumped cruise and hotel stonks today
The downvote gremlin is back
EV competition in China too high, IMO
Jeez - 161,541 new COVID cases today. We are getting new record highs on the daily.

I think ppl hear about vaccine, and they're like, oh cool. COVID's over...and then they act like dumbasses and get it / spread it.
Ban this poser
[removed]
Yes
Bro I know how bid/ask works. I just don’t know how to read.
They maintained previous guidance for 2021 and losses and went from 0.24/share to 0.94/share. If you didn't sell after a 60% pop, that's on you. Companies with government contracts are stable long-term holds. This run up was a cashout opportunity so you can buy back in once it drops.

PLTR is the next RKT. People trying to make a quick buck are gonna be disappointed.
I’m not sure about that calculation, but I want you to know that I am currently masturbating.
135??
Pigs in a blanket
Haha.  I get it now!
No idea what you just said. But let me know what you end up doing and I’ll inverse you.
Subway footlongs
Honestly that’s the only thing a robinhood card is useful for
3520 just got merced
It’s referring to peoples age mentality
Thanks, my uncle is the ceo of spy so I’ve got a pass from him too
[deleted]
586 shares of NIO average price 35. Should I hold through earnings?
Same. Me and my paper hands
[removed]
li is the eric trump of chinese ev
It should be next month it looks like
Always
Do those exist still?
Good. Fuck communists... But also this form of content should prob be in r/politics.
I saved up during college for my first home. 10k down on a 135k house in 2015. Sold that house 4 years later for 190k and put that profit + equity into the next house which cost 397k and is now worth 450k. 

Its pretty doable if youre not blowing your money on dumb shit. There was no robinhood in college only dumb stuff we spent money on was weed and beer. These days though people would rather live in some hip cool area and flush down the equivalent of two mortgage payments for rent on some 500 sqft apartment in the city.
🐻: sup
Fed
My cunt is loose
Venmo me $25 and I’ll send a pic of my tits
Nice
[removed]
I’ve got a bad feeling about AirBnB tbh.
Just go wank off if your horny.
[deleted]
They're looking kind of gay right now.
[About an hour ago](https://youtu.be/zYi2Sn5-xKs)
So stocks go up?
Just watch half hour shows.
Chipotle has 2X the institutional buyers. Just for context.
Its the houses money...
You got hair on your neck too?
[deleted]
Man this was all day 😂
[removed]
Yeah when we buying back in lol
No one cares
What fast food item best encapsulates your penis? For me it would be caramel empanadas.
IEP
My tuition was about 800 and ever since then I just made nasty ass money, rule #1 of success is don't use robinhood
They're negative after 5 years, as an EV company thats pretty rough
Original cost basis is 10 from the listing so 11-12 sounds alright but if it just hangs between 12-15 no doubt I’ll eventually capitulate, buy and forget it for a year
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Genuine Question for you people....

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt85ce
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt85ce) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Ned_Flanderz, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
sleepybats
crappy_data
averagebucko
Volkswagens1
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Futures are a little down and if you scroll down the comments on this page everyone is at like -1 for some reason. Everything's trending down at the moment 🤣
IEP
Not losing our money
$15 will make me MONEY. Only have 10 but still hyped af
I mean positions. I need trades
+700 is in fact not loss porn
Yes. I feel like it’s groundhogs day. Same shit... start closing restaurants> more restrictions>close nonessential businesses> lockdown meanwhile everybody sees it coming but stocks keep going up higher and higher.

I knew shit was nonsensical last time before it crashed and feel the same again now.

All in on spy 346 12/4

Granted it’s only 1500 and took 2k in cash I belong in /r/smallstreetbets
You planning to hold these long term?
Gonna take profits on SNE, Asia lockdowns will eat into Sony’s bottom line.
you shouldn’t be trying to fuck female donkeys
It’s not about your dick, its about your tongue
Maybe he just has PTSD from trauma experienced on a Friday the 13th.
When did he say that?
Any autist in big law wanna hook me up w a summer internship
im fuk
NIO had me hard all day. Still managed to fuck it up and only make 200$
New York considering school shutdowns. 

Hopefully that’s the tweet to send mooZ back above 450
[deleted]
At least they still have WeWork
160M tests a day? lol bullshit
It’s good, I liked it. I like my share of movies based on real events.
it's an obvious buy IMO
Any girls on this sub? I have a near 6 figure net, drive a Toyota Prius, and live with 2 cats. I just ask for Bob and Vagene in return.
We should literally just repeat 2020 every year in the market, early crash of 1000+ points, puts on the way down, rip all summer, calls on the way up, do cocaine on boats, curl up read a book in the fall during the chop with some apple cider, leave each year in a higher socioeconomic class.
That sounds horrible
Far from
We just set a record high number of cases here in Germany. These germapoors don’t even be wearing masks.
I'm almost there, I'll post when I get it
I am a little stitious...
[deleted]
Right that one too
The only money I loose is the shit out of my anus
Hahahahhhhaha
i mean its probably not a terrible idea if tesla ends up using them but also i am not well versed in this so dont listen to my advice too closely haha. either way hope you make some nice tendies man!
Woo woo woo
Cannot believe in that entire game I could not use a single gun.
I was able to make 10% profit off that news this afternoon. Made it a great day
Have you momos not seen the bond market? Liquidity drying and it’s the Friday the 13th
Thank u haha. It’s accepted
You think the economy is just stocks don't you...? Idiot
He said GRAND PRIZE bro. That means something.
Tmw will be epic with that AH support
What sub
Thought I was the only one... such an underhyped and still undervalued stock (trades at barely even 15 times earnings if that). I kept buying and buying averaging down on my call options all through the fall. Shit got scary as fuck. I was down $6k over 50% and falling rapidly. Have since tripled off of bottoms. So fucking bullish. Gaming, music, image sensor businesses worth 100 billion alone if you ask me. Plus they have like 20 billion in cash and securities. $125 price target by June. Try googling the analyst Atul Goyal, he is a top analyst for Jeffries and has been on the money with Sony for years now. Sony is Jefferies Group top pick in all of ASIA. Longgggg.
So PLTR shit the bed?
call on TMO DGX ABT?
You ever look at an ass, and know, your dick isn’t big enough to satisfy her? Pain....but a man can daydream about it
Magical
ban
If you’re gay enough to buy puts you deserve to be ravaged
Crazy geopolitical moves going on...  


US not follow thru on the tiktok ban but going forward with [banning ownership in China stonks with ties to the PLA](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/12/business/economy/trump-china-investment-ban.html). China pulling back on the ANT ipo...
Balls of steel
You know this man loves yayo
That's a shit load of fentanyl
Honestly imo they are already overvalued and currently have the market cap that Tesla should have, but I can afford the downvotes
Well their earnings are tomorrow so the contracts you’d want if you got puts would be the 11/13 that way earnings are maximized. If you got puts that expired next Friday and the stock price plummets and then stagnates Monday you’re fucked it’s a quick in and out one day play
[deleted]
Actually the majority of the jobs are in the suburbs and exurbs, or those people can drive from suburbs easily to reach their city job. The office space in areas like Naperville are gigantic while city offices are being abandoned
[deleted]
Ban
Too many Marxists on Reddit becoming totalitarians w their downward red dildos too for anything not deemed ok by their overlords after the purge here, as you can see on your comment.
Spy puts duh
That fuker literally calls the fuking opposite each time.
Big money is slowly leaving the market.  Get ready!!!
Up 17 and 26 percent in my two accounts this year , but I don’t do any of the stupid shit y’all do
Stairs down elevator up
You think srac will get enough media to move even so far ahead of merger?  Im hung up on thinking it will move at all by monday.
Actually it sounds like you are
But shouldn’t such a significantly lower EPS compared to the projected EPS hurt the share price?
Proof or you are gay
[deleted]
not finishing the Sopranos and season 1-4 of GOT is criminal tbh
As a Robinson owner I would not accept that trade.
yea either way really we will see friday then i’ll see what i want to do put i think imma do hlt puts and ccl puts them i’ll do like an nordstrom call just in case those corona stocks make have a big upside
Lol
UVXY but I have no fucking clue why the break even price keeps changing
Anyone else in RVLV? Pretty good rebound today from the earnings drop.
My dad (big bad market maker man) says he’ll spare you
What did you just call me?
It’s a screenshot of realized g/l page
The whole world is like that - I appreciate shows where I can keep myself glued to the phone (discussion threads) and still "watch" them at the same time.
Yep.  Shorting EV stocks in 2020 is more retarded than pissing into a 100mph wind.
I hope he’d apologize 😭
Up 10.86% ✊
Sorry I am mm sold too many calls gotta keep buying stocks to hedge.
PLTR 05/21 25c?
rope... tf lmfao
This sub is the only reason it’s above $20
All I wanna know is Are my 12/24 $18C gonna print or should I just pick up shares?
Cramer says there’s too many bulls... bottom confirmed
Herd immunity baby let’s go
Market has Paraskevidekatriaphobia
Don’t put the money up if that’s some scared ass money
Same with a 8 week little one, 9/15
“This is still, and always has been, a god damn Wendy’s” I have got to remember this one. That’s a hell of a fresh spin to put on an overused joke.
Yup
I'm down for AirBnB.
[deleted]
If you aren't long on volatility rn, what are you even doing
I’m up 6 k 

I turned 6 k into 12 thanks to XPENG
[deleted]
That's one way to look at... Do us all a favor and try not to hurt anyone swinging that kneenocker around.
Plenty of zoomers above age 18
Ou we saw carol! Good one! Another great flick is imagine me & you (corny but classic for me). Imagine me & you is probably not kosher in the world today. But I’m a cheerleader is a funny old one too.

Thank you!! I’ll add those others to a list to check out!
It's -80°C, which is colder than dry ice. Cold af.
Adderall idiot
Fuck the new normal, too many emotions involved
Oooh noice
Line for Covid testing where I live in wisconsin was 6 blocks and 2.5 hrs long. Probably about 10% of my coworkers are currently infected. Wisconsin getting rekt.
So literally ANY bottle of vodka
Broke? Hardly.
PPR? Probably
isn't this old news by now, like this morning.
Apparently it was a 60.  I get 6 & 9 mixed up a lot.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You won’t be banned but you will be sued if you say something that leads to a crime being committed
salty downvote party is here
Nope
Just realized it’s the Friday the 13th tomorrow 👀 I’m not superstitious but..
Is it in yet?
Solo as well
👏👏👏👏
You got this man. Positive vibes only 🤙🏼
wow, rude
i believe you but still don't care
true
People learn from their mistakes. It’s good to see that he’s still trying? I’m hoping the best.
Up 7k all time(9%)
Wanna see some real speed?
Anybody else think their attention span has gotten super fucked up since the coronavirus outbreak? I struggle to watch 1 hour tv shows so much. Seriously started watching Game of Thrones, The Sopranos, Succession, and Mad Men and couldn’t find the motivation to finish any of them.
Holding Jan 2022 10c I grabbed a few weeks ago. Sold my monthlies before earnings to lock in gains. Holding some shares and will add more. Will probably add more  ATM LEAPs on dips.
46K, iAnthus, I can’t sleep at night since last April
U guys forgot what happened yesterday ?
Sir that's a robinhood feature, youre welcome.
[actually got these ](https://imgur.com/gallery/RsL9i8Y)
Pathetic... how many times do we have to teach you old man... THIS IS investing!
Don't. Picking up pennies in front of a steamroller with that one
Yea we were at 3380 that morning before pfizer decided to fuk the whole market with their stupid vaccine. When do you think this will go back up to 3.5?
Lol fucking word. If people wanted to activist invest it would be GM, GE, and all the banks, you know, stocks no one wants.
Lotta big names bought in today. Over 50 million shares bought by institutions today.
Username does not check out
This meme taught me more about how stocks work than 4 years of school
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Next 3 months will be the worst days of the virus yet"
"Biden advisor suggests shutting down the country for as long as it takes with strict guildlines"
Spy 300p jan 1 2021
I kinda want to join parler to see how long it would take to get banned
Bwahaha oops I bought BA calls at the bottom, maybe we both win???
Was there any particular news announced midday? Some energy stocks swung 5% down and im not really sure what caused it
Some gator tails
When’s it coming? Think it’ll get on RH?
[deleted]
2 calls and 1 put
How did they get all this footage for The Vow on HBO. Like they have film for so many things
Son, your mother is asking you to stop stealing the flour.
How much are you guys up or down all time? Just curious
‼️Any chance market crash in the next few weeks???‼️
[deleted]
ALL: -$350,000
stoopid pepole sell tech stonks cause sum europoor company tested a vac
Actual Earnings Per Share did not get as high as the projected EPS
One of us.
Ticker?
There are plenty of solid office jobs in places like the suburbs of Omaha, Kansas City, Charlotte, etc
[deleted]
You should see my all time. Like the himalayas, way up, way down, over and over.
Very painful lessons. 90% losses etc.
I'm learning though.
With that IV, not retarded at all, sell covered calls and if you get your shares called away turn around and sell CSPs near the money.
Well tired of looking at gyna ev moon on the sidelines, loading up on either nio, xpev or li tomorrow
[deleted]
This bitchass dump better not affect my Chyna EV
Nikkei is drilling because Japan’s third wave is starting. 

Asia has been safe so far, but it’s inevitable at this point. China has to be lying about this 15 cases at a day they keep reporting with 160 million test done. Like they have a perfectly even number of tests. Lol at least make it look realistic.
GUSH is XLE but riskier.
Good thing my calls expire tomorrow
Correction you go homeless and the state takes your kid and sells him to a foster family.  Yolo away king
u think it's us retards causing 2500% gains lmao
Friday the 13th - tomorrow’s going to get ugly...  DAL $33p to pay the first year of college.
Hey dude, you trying to die, you can’t talk shit about NIO in this thread
Don’t tell them about FSR please
It’s only for the real ones
Thank you ❤️

Out trial of Chicago 7 was on my list of possible things, how was it?
Joe loves China. China loves Joe.
Trevor Milton said the same thing
Gotcha. I have 10 contracts in it. By no means WSB material but this sub mesmerizes me.
What should I type in the Google search bar to find this?
What a waste of perfectly good crack.
Hmm fuck I’m not even sure any movies. I’ll get back to you in the am if that’s ok? I’ll search my watching histories. I’m horrid at remembering titles offhand
Market open you make loot regardless, okay. What if you buy puts in advance that expire somewhat soon after earnings. IV crush there?
equilibrium
So many calls expiring tomorrow I need A GREEN DAY for all of my CALLS to PRINT SPY 260
Uh. Where the hooks?
Derrick Henry found out I put $3600 on him to win rushing title beginning of the season ($16,400 payout) and decided to throw the season
At least 9 more times.
ohhhh got it, thank you!
[deleted]
If being a intermediate button pusher is cool with you sure.
...11/13? Damn bro
Boys and girls I’ve got $1000, what should i YOLO it into
Ha yeah so shouldn't matter mentioning it here but I deleted it. I bought it on fidelity
There really can’t be anything more retarded than being long at SPY >350.. I’m also sure some of you fucktards bought calls >360.. get your fucking lives together lol..
[deleted]
pamph et
Quality stuff right here. A fine gentleman
Wrong. It's purely utilitarian. If you are expecting suffering which you are not causing and cannot prevent, by profiting from it you are simply helping to ensure the greatest amount of happiness for the greatest possible number of people.
[this was my main account YTD 2 weeks ago](https://imgur.com/a/oCERrtp)
Touched 0.01 on April 20 after trying to fight Jpow’s printing machine.

Deleted all trading app. Focused on my day job for a week, poured all blood sweat tears in.

Spent some time with family and close friends.

After 2 weeks, i put the last 9k of my savings into the account, and bought $HAL Jan 2021 call when it was around 9 bucks/share. This was right during the “negative oil price” period back in May. Needless to say I did quite a bit of DD before making this bet.

Sold the calls when the price tripled in August during the oil peak. Used all the money to buy NIO 15C 2022 when price was 15, and when it wasn’t such a meme stock here. Sure some people talked about it, but mostly people were still all over TSLA at the time.

My dude, you can make them all back, as long as you have the patience and hard work required to catch the right opportunity. Don’t give up. But don’t get back into the market for a while. Get your mind off the madness and let yourself recover first before making the next bet.
If you have carryover losses in one year, they can be used against capital gains the next, then 3k limit on ordinary income. Or am I wrong?
Anyone happen to notice that the push to ATHs in Feb from the ATH before that is nearly the exact distance from the new ATH at the beginning of Sept and the new ATH created on Monday's super pump?

Just an observation.
Not if, but when... it's probably priced in tbh
You need to send me a picture of your mom’s anus as further identity verification.
Aikman like “sometimes you have to risk serious personal injury for the team” lol
red at night bulls delight
If you’re literally gay and want to watch a gay movie then Carol is an absolute classic. Otherwise I really like Nightcrawler (thriller) or The Florida Project (drama). Unfriended is a really fun horror movie too
I deleted it D:
I’m talking about most of America as in the majority of the population too. The median home price in America is about 225k
I got a put on xpev and calls on the 2 others
If the Fed printed as many hairs as if they were printing money, we would all look like fucking Don Johnson in Miami Vice

🧓🏼😎
What are you a time traveler? B A N
Better to start young
[You must be new here...](https://i.imgur.com/5W5QZRl.jpg)
:)
Unless I say, market is for sure opening at 340 tomorrow. That is wrong
COVID GANG MAKING A STRONGGGGGGGG EOY PUSH FOR STOCK OF THE YEAR.  I'm feeling ZM finna hit 600 soon.
He’s got never ending wine!
Dude should have plaque in delaware considering how much he influenced their corporate law case development.
you get it
Still time to get in? What would a target price be
Looking like another good day for long $ROPE
Hopkins for James Robinson? I’m WR heavy mind you . Thoughts?
Fwd: pass on or else you will not go on a date for 10 yrs!@#

Bought some spy puts thinking the market will go down tomorrow Friday the 13th
Let’s just go down to 3420 and get it over with
roblox and airbnb here
What strike?
Really we're just combating the exploitation of child labor among other human rights abuses committed in the name of generating wealth.
NIO makes cars for men with small p-p's
It was most of the day!
I use my battery life as DD for AAPL
Tesla long term hold
Probably not. XPEV smashed earnings, so if Li misses clearly it’s the their fault and not the industry outlook.
As long as earnings are more than previous quarter or continued positive profits
oNIOns make me pepole cry

people crying = gay

gay = bear

NIO is secretly a gay bear
No one will believe me but that kid did a video with a friend of mine yeeeears ago
There’s definitely some oil guys in this chat who can dissect the state of the oil markets. I asked a similar question recently and my main takeaway was to stay the eff away from oil lol.
[deleted]
i dont know i just like to talk smack. i like toronto tho tbh
I remember like two months ago someone posted on here saying that they would have a vaccine after the election and to buy carnival cruise stock. Should have listened.
Shut the fuck up, Sherlock
[deleted]
should i do two puts and then one call so i don’t get absolutely fucked if i’m wrong abt the market on monday.
Philip Rivers has 9 kids, which means he's had sex 9 more times than like 99% of this sub.
we are not buying into an established company

It’s still developing

lol
This man for president of this board
I didn't take the offer, but yes. They wanted me around to do nothing pretty much except to scam investors.
Bedazzled*
Ban
Hahaha
I sold my home specifically in preparation for this, I’m all in.
Under appreciated post
Ha Ha look at NASDAQ the adopted sibling trying to stay green! Your not gonna make it just Dieeeeeee already 🖥️👨‍💻
Wouldn't it be crazy if everyone counting on free tendies from these three ended up very disappointed?
Anyone in fsr? Bought calls on the off chance is takes off to $40 like xpev
Canada unite
Me not getting filled at 100 shares of NIO at 6$ saying "it'll just go back down anyways "
His words are so profound. You're lucky to have a daughter like that.
JD poppin off in Hong Kong son!! 💪😤
[deleted]
Big money on some short position, idk man
NIO will be 120 by then enjoy poverty
Yes but I won’t sell cuz I’m special
This is the da wae
Ohhhh so MMs want a triple bottom ok
You closed on a red day? Maybe don’t put more than what you’re willing to lose
04 December. Strike 11. Bought them when the stock was below 9,8. The shares were bought around 9,52 I sold them at 15. I entered pltr again around 13,8
Spy bulls r fuk
Drill for three weeks moon for one week. That’s been the agenda for the last few months
Anybody know any good DD on LI
Anyone here with kids? 

I have a 8 week old baby, so now I have to be more careful cause I got homeless, so does he.
Word!
If the market ever goes back to the way it was before this shit, a lotta people are gonna be bored as fuck
Congrats and F you.
Haha read that in an Asian dads voice. Enjoy your gay award.
GAME OVER
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
whats a good date for gme? I have 11/27 12.5c that I dont think will print....
Same that platform is filled
Calling it now, Li earnings are going to tank the EV market tomorrow.
How has this not drilled to the earths core yet? And fucking tech is always fucking green.
HCAC
[deleted]
Replaying Jedi Fallen Order rn and the night sisters are making me a little hard. Disney calls for tomorrow?
[deleted]
Good chance if OPEC doesn't cut production.
Oh, I know that he does, actually
NIO is going to get exposed for cooking books once they get audited by a real firm and will tank to 25 or get delisted
NIO is a beeoo(tch)
Another lockdown makes this a huge possibility
100% PLTR, then delete the app for 5 years.
Remarkable how flat metals have been since the vax news.
Gen 5 consoles during christmas season, I see this going $10mil+
Unironically debating loading up on the Roblox IPO coming soon
$TWO
Silly only the poor pay taxes and buy lottery tickets
this is the top
BANNNNNN
rkt going to prepare for take off in t minus 10!
What if CCP fucks it up like BABA?
what really? ive been there and i thought it was nicer than Toronto
Expert out 😂😂
That’s retardedly nice, it doesn’t seem that pricey, explain why it wouldn’t be an obvious buy.
futures drilling now
Ehh everyone says this meanwhile they invest solely in chinese evs
Have you been watching me??
HTZ looking good
[deleted]
What is this "oil" you speak of?
Then JP Morgan increases price target and it goes all gas no brakes
Honestly, that might be a good thing. I’m expecting some of these rushed-through vaccines to have some negative consequences. There’s a vaccine study in my area, and I’m debating whether or not to sign up.
Damn, I hope I remember the lessons I've learned over the past 10 months for our next pandemic
I remember buying shares at $17, and I thought I was retarded at the time.
Ban
Cup and handle.
What’s worse is that it’s 1 contract of the $BA put. 60p. At least buy a 100 contracts and go full retard.
Buying puts tomorrow
They just released a shit ton of employees at ESPN. Does that count?
It’s saying when u buy calls it goes down, when u buy puts it goes up. Lose lose
My month old GME calls sitting stagnant at -30% are still waiting for that short squeeze lol
I mean the XPEV were sold too early, but I was at 60% gains already so I’m not mad. The LI are an earnings lotto anyway, and even if I lose it all on that I will still be profitable from XPEV
heard they have some good gyna food.
25x 20C Feb 20 checking in, diamond hands until then!
₿ Masterrace 😎😎😎
Doing a half assed job cause you’re trading while you work for the govt, sounds about right.

Sincerely, someone who does the exact same shit cause it’s impossible to get fired unless you pull your dick out
Which stock?
[deleted]
Counterpoint:

Increasing a stocks price means you're pricing in future growth which tends to rely on people suffering to give up more to said company to provide those expectations
Wrong conclusion. Phones are charged. It's just brightness is always at 100% and all the porn apps in the background are battery killers. You wouldn't understand.
Shorting CCL and NCHL. Both up after hours. 🤷
It's the American way. If you don't like it you can go to some gay socialist country.
just buy a bottle of herpes creme. she'll leave without a fight.
[deleted]
How much did you sell your flashlight for?
Big dogs are buying
ODTE NIO 55c are going to be the play tomorrow me thinks.
Nio's dad be like, why are you not TSLA yet?
Schrodinger's autist.
Gather round children. I'll tell you a tale.

Back in the great Covid crash , ur grandpa turned $50 into $4500.

Then grandpa thought he was king of the world, with the VXX in the 70s FD options were $800 each. So grandpa lost it all in 1 day.

Grandma asked him "how's the markets going hunny"

I replied "not to bad, lost fifty bucks"
No it isn't.  They just paid off a big chunk of debt, have cash available and are going into the holidays, new console season etc.

If you care go read any of the numerous dd out there over the last several months.
“*If you have sex, you will get pregnant, and die.*”
Last week says otherwise
You lost it all, didn’t you BATrad3r?
Exactly. If they knew they could make more money letting it drop 10%, they'd let it drop 10%.
[deleted]
I just need it to be + 12 hours so I can know how many tendies LI, NIO, and XPEV is gonna give me
Tech calls are the same brotatochip
Imagine being a broke bitch salty about someone else’s gains so you gotta attack the platform they use to trade 🤡
You’re actually rooting for people to take profits
How come?  Due to demand running from cities?
NIO has poopy butthole.
I honestly can not tell anymore, if this is meant as a satire. I am afraid you might actually write this seriously.
[deleted]
yeah I accidentally said mango's real name
hey man.. layman's terms. are you saying ppl with big money are all trying to buy nio?
[deleted]
Starting? You must be new
I got some Chuck E Cheese coins I’ll sell you 2:1 against the USD
Dear Mr Xi, BABA have already learnt a valuable lesson, could u please find urself to forgive them? I know there's still some mercy deep in ur heart. Or else Ma would flip u off again, u want that? U like it huh
Yo are we gonna gap down or what
Look at it over the last month. You’re missing the run.
I'm listening
Classic inverse
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/cloud9paradox the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It is lol
Wrong color dipshit
You crazy bastard I’m in
Thats great and stuff but IU fucking sucks.
Priced in
What the fuck is a nio?
Yes Please, fucking dogshit PFE left me holding bags
[removed]
I love how he angerly splashes afterwards like "FUUUCK!!!!"
This is the way
Which one of his eyes is the crazy eye I can’t tell. Both separately don’t look too bad but together they will come for me in my sleep tonight
Nio the kind of company to hire Trevor Milton as head of their HR department.
[deleted]
Holy shit, calls on AMEL.
Lemme get some picks in exchange
Most EV people are weird like this LMAO
Yeah busy day today, got in and out on zm again and nio, got out of pltr after a nice 4x, kept some dkng overnight cuz methinks it’s gonna rip, otherwise cash gang, likely more red Tom.
Jeez they pay good ?
Apple didn’t give me a charger with my new iPhone
[deleted]
NIO doesn’t care about politics
Reminder that buying puts means you are actively rooting for people to suffer. You cannot do it in good conscience and will all burn in hell
Brave culture warriors, the two of them!
Nio sucks
This isn’t weedstocks bud. There’s no options on cresco labs, so who gives a fuck. Buy some or don’t.
Have a drink and go to bed. Early to bed and early to rise
makes a man stare at charts for hours before they mean anything.
Basically what i expected

Honestly, we dragged things out for too long. I said at the beginning that China already paved the road for us with their own blood, but our government still wants to be different. Smh
It’s not just us idiots buying
Any chance oil plummets this winter
Just watched queen’s gambit. Girlfriend made me watch dash & lily, Emily in Paris. Trial of the Chicago 7.


Social dilemma if you’re feeling cynical.
[deleted]
Aren't we all?
30
Still down 98% after paying commission
Fuck bro look how up you were at the climax
i bought puts on one and hold shares of another. Why do I do this?
Good words
Carl Icahn's stock has a 15.6% dividend yield and pays $8.00 per share O\_O
This is the exact boat I’m in right now. Every time I take my time and listen to myself I’ve been right. The times I fucked up when rushing or listening to somebody else.
The whole system is fucked.
Is it tho?
That’s not how the market works!
Say it with me: bigly lockdowns this weekend equates to all tech going to ATH
82.5p 11/20
ty!
That’s good for calls right?
Puts it is!
Just posted it
ATRA on some preclinical cancer work that’s lookin real promising... up 30% since july. Might be the move
I mean, I thought the sun and bright light cured the virus, the Caribbean has a lot of sun. So ... how could this be?
Sir, this is Walmart.
I should pray for your CALLS.
If i didn't live in a house, I'd wonder if we lived in the same building. Oh, and I dont have a Tesla
Get a load of this guy over here working for a living
[deleted]
“Buy my book”
Permission to buzz the tower
What’s the ticket I didn’t know they had one
Then?
I got 1500 in XPEV puts I bought at close.
pretty sure its just .1074/.66\*100
Lol
Np
VTI ARKK
Good luck to you. I’m long FDX, but same thing lol
*Correct*
Big money buy buy. Nio go brrr 🚀
Try New Orleans
80
60
its not on RH so you cant have the hooders pump it for no reason and for that reason, im out
Damn bro take some melatonin and dream of trendies
market makers wont let this shit drop tonight. sorry bears.
My friends that trade and own shares are probably thinking why is this retard down 99% 

Puts on my social image
*In-App Purchases*
seems like every value rotation lasts about 24-48 hours.
RKT and weed stocks are BASED AF
CHWY December-dated calls, sell during earnings run-up.
.
I have DIS 170c 2023 I’m aware of this truth
Prob works in IT
Amazon 3200 guaranteed
Last Monday. It’s still relevant
NIO fucking epic!

BUT 

 becarful tom, 

a certain seat going unhinged the other way as well as a certain peach wanting to recount all peaches will tank the markets again
I literally am only holding spy puts and NIO calls lmao
Verify your email and get on the right sub. r/SmallStreetBets
1 like = 1 prayer for BABA above 300
How could anybody have seen this coming???
If you buy puts at market open a dollar below opening price and the stock price plummets throughout the day you’re going to make money regardless the IV
He’s lying you fool!!!
Uber stock up 70% ytd despite their revenue down 80%. Just goes to show you how messed up this market is
Cresco Labs earning call coming nov 18. It popped last time.  Weed highest price in ill where they are dominant.  What do y’all think is it a buy before ER?
Best reply under this comment shit talking Nio gets an award.
Lmaooooo Pence always had that fkn slide page strapped on him at all times
[deleted]
PS5 with Valhalla
You have way too much buying power for this sub.
[deleted]
Day trading while already in pdt
Tomorrow we tank again, Friday 13th cant be good
dude you're trying to hard to overplay
Bought SPY calls and NIO puts at EOD today 🤡

Can't think of a more  wrong combination
Banned, just like your charger apparently
Ty
What happens if NIO crushes earnings
Find a good shoe shiner for some hot stock tips.
They usually have the best intel around the market top.
That article is from
November 2nd
Taking a shit while watching futures take a shit.
Yeah. At my gme 11/13 12.5c 13c 14c 14.5c
Security will literally drag him out if need be lol
No chance lol
I'm from there and agree 100%
Nobody tell her they’re married. I want to see how long it takes them to figure it out.
Fuck
Good luck 😬
I’ve always wanted to go there. What’s it like buddy?
How do you get banned from a trading platform?
"At least 5 passengers on first Caribbean Cruise in months test positive for c19."   


Congrats guys shorting cruises looks like you're golden. [https://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/525724-passenger-on-first-caribbean-cruise-in-months-tests-positive](https://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/525724-passenger-on-first-caribbean-cruise-in-months-tests-positive)
PLTR potentially
what does this mean to us idiots?
Does that ran the dart 🎯 fell to the ground
When is that due
>MM's please put

MM's: say less 🤭
[deleted]
and Michael Malice fk yea!
This guy fucks
You're the one commenting. Read and educate yourself instead of going around calling people retard for correcting you, you ignorant slut
I just looked up nio's previous earnings... quality stock...
[deleted]
Ye and we’d still shit on people who literally just asked for a handout

This is still, and always has been, a god damn Wendy’s
Shots fired
Never bet against NIO.  You'll end up like Mr. Smith when he shot those bullets and NIO stopped them.
Mango starting to wear off on them
How much did you pay for NIO?
I use it as a test. If the phone dies it is the markets way of telling me now is not the time to sell.
I bought BA puts at the top today boys. Feels good.
only boomers listens to his shillings
13 yr. old playing the stock market.  I fear the end is near.
Future stock winner: "Aliens develop advanced gene editing technique to increase anal probing pleasure 1 million fold"
Yes
[deleted]
I thought you were in school for Finance.
Shut up the algos will hear you 😒
Beautiful
When it starts free falling right after you bought a 1 year expiry.
Eh like anything. Doesn’t have to be on Netflix either. We just haven’t watched a movie in awhile and it might be nice. Too caught up in the bs news lately.
Immediate ban.
yup, I was thinking the same thing when AAPL went to like 500 pre split, don’t understand prices anymore
I know someone that bought it around ipo, and panic sold at $2. Lost a lot of money. Now he’s shitting himself seeing where it’s at😂
You must be either 🌈 or clinically insane
why not sell waaaaaay OTM weeklies ?
It's still available for purchase. I have the hookup. Send me your money and I'll make us both rich.
Stonks!
She becomes fine lol
Airline ticket 1 way out of the country
T
sounds good to me
Soon my child
I entered yesterday and added more today so yes, buy the low
why in the fuck are you still responding?  Can't you read, retard?
gay get the 12/4 so u can run the ER pump til ER day
I did sell 90 shares. Thanks for the reminder.
Like smash movie or just shit to watch?
I’ve never been to a west coast city that isn’t filled with human shit so I’m not surprised
Cuties
Do my NIO positions make you horny?  
$30c 12/18  
$42 01/21/22
I have so many CALLS, a lot of CALLS, I would be so disappointed if my CALLS were to expire worthless. MM’s please put my CALLS ITM, I heavily rely on my CALLS and so do many other people on this sub rely on their CALLS to make them happy.
My favorite quote from him was “well it’s not like it was MY money I lost boomer investing in KraftHeinz! That all belonged to these g🏳️‍🌈y n🖕ggaz tryin to be like me who buy berk shares. Anyway, me and my main man billy gates are gonn go candy shopping this afternoon and then make some off the wall comments later and watch people eat that shit up. Late losers!”
Right, 4,500 contracts. 450,000 shares in play.
Alex Jones live on Tim Pool rn

Shit is gold
That’s just in China tho. They are so far behind Tesla in terms of everything and Tesla is just getting started. Nio has more potential than Tesla ... good one
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Need advice, Lost everything

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt7ph6
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt7ph6) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Theckasher, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
grego45
V_i_v_i_d
ROO-FI-O
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
He stayed at holiday Inn express last night.
bro shut UPPP
Binged this shit, it was good but may not be date materialz
Market is forward looking to 2024. Nothing to see here.
Just move on and forget about trading until you learn better techniques.
They still made money retard and their biggest revenue producers have been shutdown for the last 6 months
[removed]
Make BABA 310 again
A 70/30 mix of QYLD and SPHD respectively
Also threw in $2k today 🚀
Nice
Yea I had total of 1000 shares and sold 400 shares at around $6.
Where tf are you getting $46 highest price target? It’s average is like $155
No, I think it’s bull shit right now. If it turns out it’s actually legit I will
Another guy here got 35 days for first offense. He’s the coolest
Don’t watch too many movies but Shutter Island was one of the best movies I’ve ever seen! Not sure if its on Netflix though.
the CBOE floor is for clowns lol, that's not where the action happens anymore.
20 million \*
Do you know what this sub is!?!?!
Expect to be disappointed so that you will always be surprised.
After VIX imploded in the last week? Okay, sure, buy the low.
guys this guy just tryin to trick algos just look at those caps:

red

puts

spy

we'll be green tomorrow folks
Only if we hear something from the government, unlikely. States can choose to shut down on their own. It will happen secrect Ly
 🤡
[removed]
Still in here as well, only been adding thus far, but all the adding is with april calls and shares at this point.
You act like it hasn't always been this way... welcome to peasanthood
A week of nonstop wolf blitzer? Damn you’re hardcore
Balls deep in AMD calls for their new graphics card drop
That girl fine asf
That’s a fact lol 100% guarantee it
[removed]
The ark one that deals with internet. 5g and starlink on the horizon.  
  
Also I don't know what I'm talking about.
15 Days to slow the the spread
Close, my brother is my dad.
Woah thats super low from what I was thinking. Would not even peak the values we saw at p3 data if your thinking comes true. Guess we will know in the next 2 1/2 months or so.
Facts. People, including me always need to remember this
I guess I’m never seeing you at the  Wendy’s dumpster. Congrats and fuck you.
That was the point I meant to make, puts on earnings is essentially like holding through earnings right. At least in terms of IV crush. But my gains weak so what do I know.
Go ahead and bet on it to prove me wrong
Bottle of whiskey.  You have some thinking to do.
HAHAHAHA
Nice flair OP.
Institutional buyers are going ape shit over NIO.

[https://fintel.io/sob/us/nio](https://fintel.io/sob/us/nio)

  
SecurityNIO / Nio Inc

ISINUS62914V1061

Industry: Motor Vehicles and Passenger Car Bodies

Institutional Buyers: 384

Opened Positions:150
Trying to get my girl a really nice present so i can kick her out this new year what’s the big money play
Talk in tongues and say the Jesus pledge of allegiance before they eat dinner. Literally Jesus pledge of allegiance with a Jesus flag and everything
Lol @ CNBC analysts who been calling for value rotation and have been piling on CAT and  bank stocks as if covid has gone away because of vaccine news.
see you at the gloryhole working overtime for rent next month
Blood in the air but market don’t care. I threw a dart at the wall and it said tomorrow will be flat
WALMART you cannot lose.  You can't tell when covid hit by looking st their chart.
Based
Why would you buy it today when its still overvalued. The only buys I would even risk is around the ~9$ area and the best buy is like $6.75. This thing is going down more
Lmao
No. But elon already has.a guaranteed ccp has spies at  🇨🇳 🏭
Calls on bigger pants if I have to eat a 22 pound turkey all by myself.
Is that your 12 month target? I’m on a 5-10 year timeline myself.
He was right tho
Thanks! I’ll check it out! 

Edit: she’s already seen it apparently
You’re an idiot
Vancouver is a fucking disgusting place puts on Canada
What happened?
I’ll check back in a few months after we see the stock price crash.
Thank you :)
Doubt it
I work at Google, we generally are anti-big brother government work. There is a reason Google axed the government work in the similar field. That and it is much less profitable than our other ventures.
✂️
green days every day

if mikey M can bring stonks up with a shit ER then this market can go up to ATH
About halfway through they pull out a life size cutout of Bush and start praying for it. They also read out of their creationist anti global warming books
Here's a potential pin to the bubble  


[https://news.bloomberglaw.com/antitrust/white-collar-crime-probes-likely-to-intensify-under-bidens-doj](https://news.bloomberglaw.com/antitrust/white-collar-crime-probes-likely-to-intensify-under-bidens-doj)
Mad cuz he has better returns than all of you
I don't think ethics were the subject of the argument. Evil is a matter of opinion, profitability is a factual thing. I used to be a naysayer of this for similar reasons but as others have said, its probably going up.
Me with my prpl calls I bought before earnings because I'm retarded
We were doing great until Monday morning overreaction. Need to rotate back into Jeff amazon
VIX and VIX ETFs gang rise up
I know. I was just being a little bit funny that I will hold on to Walmart even if it goes well below my cost basis
Sold 90 shares today. Initial cost was $1.60
Nice man, congrats! how long ago did u start?
Sure, I thought that went without saying!
Profit is profit my guy
itm debit put or call spreads on spy like two weeks out in the direction it is trending.  you can get that 10% easy in a day.
hahahaha
im pretty sure that isnt how it works...
Home prices will never go down again.
Yea hasnt nigeria been using phone payments before smartphones? Not exactly sure which country
Hunter already on the board of directors
Good job bro
r/gamblingaddiction already exists.
[deleted]
RKT rally is just starting. Could go to over $30
I hope 💤 forgives my student loans so I can take out some more loans for EV calls.
You may not be better off when you take money out of the market to make a house down payment, pay a mortgage that's higher than monthly rental, pay property taxes, pay school taxes, make home improvements, etc. All that money taken out your portfolio can mean less overall gains.
equilibrium
[removed]
Yes. In and out for a quick $1400 this morning. I'll re-enter at the expected dip.
The only person I know with an electric vehicle--a Tesla--has lived in the same building as me for 7 years, and I've never seen him make eye contact with another human being. When he senses the presence of another human, like in the parking lot outside the building, he scurries like a cockroach.

EVs are like the perfect mascot of this autistic subreddit.
In all honesty I would rather of learned my lesson about listening to all us retards on here with our inverted burnt ass nipple investment advice at 13 vrs 30, so keep on doing your thing least you be good by the time your 30
Oh whatever, this is probably the same dude buying those American silver eagle coins at 3am
ah thanks. really appreciate
Ya I tried to post my 50x UPS calls on here but it didn’t work for some reason
Nice
now is not the time to go boomer investor lol, the market is too unpredictable and is peaking
I bought three Nio contracts at $19 exp January 15, 2021 that I sold at $28 for anyone feeling like an asshole.
KNDI is the way. It’s cheap, Chinese and EV.
You ever wanted to pack your bags go to Chicago and work the CBOE floor but realize you're fucking garbage at options?
The robots will know.
I would tell you that you have the right to believe that!
It’s still up to the market regardless
I bet when the EV bubble finally pops, someone will post “Fuck China, never going to touch any fake Chinese shit ever”
amazing resilience this market is showing. we should be muhfukin drilling right now with COVID about to assrape the US.
TAN
And she was with him pre-wealth, had and raised his kids, seems smart and solid. His current partner looks like the photo they put next to "gold digger" in the encyclopedia. 

To each their own I guess. MacKenzie seems like she'll be juuuuuuust fine wo him.
Markets r forwurd lookin
Jesus the solo looks gay. Prob should buy.
Invest in Delta or Boeing if you're looking to hold for years
Algorithms now sense sarcasm and trickery.
Moon. 


Also......im holding 5/21/21 70c.
Look at you using big words like retard, pussy, fuck. Really speaks volume to the type of person you are. Yes exactly "Until this is all over". But WHEN will it be over if we don't take the necessary steps to make it over? Mandated mask IS that step to make it over. And calling Biden for wanting to implement that into a law doesn't make him a dictator. That is the sole purpose of this argument. You said that he is a dictator. Like literally, I have an easier time staying on topic with my 3 year old niece than you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
only far otm
And if you lose, they'll at least say sorry
Immediate ban
Yikes..
So SPY to the moon. Shit. And I bought puts.
Than
My positions on Webull are all -5% to +15% My positions on RH are all -41% to -91% lol the gains I make on Webull should offset RH and I will have spent 6-10 anxiety filled months to break even. DM me for investing advice.
If you sell covered calls or puts you're a fucking pussy and shouldn't even be posting here. Deep OTM gang only
equilibrium. it is.
wrong audience
cash out.
"needless to say"
Gay.
next 3-4 months?
Any high dividend etf.
[removed]
🤡
Edging a fund manager more likely
Fr?
HLT puts 🤲🏻
I’m upvoting every non NIO gain post.
“Aliens wipe out half of the planet destroying everything they see with laser beams”. Dow futures down 1 point. 


“A vaccine is 6-12 months away with limited information on trail.” Dow futures up 1890 points.
I see myself shorting the heck out of SOLO in the very near future.
RKT 22.01 call holders
[deleted]
Well they both have communal spa/bath/hamams
Trying to get milked, jinxie?
KO. America is fat
Then hold that put til expiry
Everyone's saying it
Implied volatility can be thought of as a measure of uncertainty in the price. A stock can move +-x standard deviations because of unknowns like their earnings, pending regulations and most recently, the elections. Options are like insurance policies. The more vague the risk becomes the higher the premium. 

As soon as the unknowns become known, there’s no need to price them as such and the IV drops and the option price drops with it (see vega). This happens for any kind of option so you shouldn’t really buy puts either unless the underlying is going to tank more than 8-10% or so to generate any meaningful profit. Selling options is the way to go.
retard ponzi internet coins with zero fundamentals or basis for value
I'm trying. Need the $$$ to buy more shares.

Searching really hard for something overnight since I'm taking classes during the day, but not many jobs have night shifts with everyone closing shop early.
NIO 60c
Congrats!!! A-Mazing
I'm starting to think all this stock market business is just a buncha hooey
Watch it gap down 50%
Aww yes SNE with the +$2.09 bump after-hours. Tomorrow should be fun for SNE calls.
Not a movie but that limited series Queen’s Gambit was really good. I was hesitant but I was hooked and binged through all 7 episodes in one night
Same here, oh well.
ur kidding right ?
Home value mooning
What if I told you I already predicted NIO is green 11/18
These momentum plays are friggin dangerous around earnings. There's pretty much no number they can hit that will definitely prevent the stock getting absolutely clobbered.

I got killed in two stocks that beat and raised estimates.
Super lame that you can lose shit loads across mullti years but only claim 3K in losses per year. Then if you make tons in one year you need to pay full tax on that.
Derrick Henry is what you think of when you say bullish
You don’t understand delta if you thought that BA put was anything other than a prayer that they go bankrupt.
Intraday scalping my boyo.
That’s actually true got no response to that 😂😂😂😂
[removed]
I'm in NIO at $25 and I've wanted to add more but holy shit it just keeps flying
yeah I'm 100% sure bet your house on it
Will do thank ya
It looks like a RED DAY market makers. I’m saying that because I hold PUTS. So many SPY PUTS its UNBELIEVABLE how much these SPY PUTS that I HAVE HELD OVERNIGHT will PRINT.
Hook and loop. No name brand shit.
It’s a documentary on these evangelicals trying to indoctrinate kids. It’s wild. Like I was expecting it to be crazy but I’m absolutely mind blown
Fuck yeah.
GME, AMC, SPCE, and PLTR. Need I say more?
What’s crazy is that no one here is actually right or wrong until pre-market open proves it
They still pay for gas
[deleted]
so, i was down 10% today now i need a good option, suggestions?
me and you are on the same boat haha. I could use a good play.
Retards howling into the void, as a wise man once said
They are also only being generous on price because of the political/social situation. Wait until they turn it into an annual Covid vaccine and charge the shit out of it. People constantly choose to not get flu shot, way more people will get Covid shots in the coming years.
FVAC baby. Changing their ticker next week. EV battery supply company. Tendies
Yes sir
Still 🌈 until they flair me
Vgt VTI
We shall dub it “heavens gains”
I used to have more of those now i cant even afford 2💀
I've got 11/20 46p and 38p in case the bottom drops out for a few hours. Got'em cheap too so they can just sit there.
Not like the raping I'm getting from BABA... jesus
this week has been beyond ass
Red futures good for zoom? Knew I should have got 11/27 exp
China is the biggest, that's where most of the future growth and demand is for the next 5 years as the Chinese middle class expands
26% today, wow!  Wish I’d had played it, instead I was waiting on AAPL to start dumping like the poor asshole I am...
RKT
yup! good thing i cut losses like a bitch boy
I sincerely hope every hospitalized Covid patient can get the treatment  🥭 got and survive. This is just fucking horrible.
Anyoe have some good new movies to watch? Struck out on Netflix tonight. I’m way out of the loop. Need some movies for a date night for the galpal and I. 👯‍♀️
bro honestly amazon needs to fuking get there shit together and start pushing this stock to 3.5k ASAP. They are iterally the living Santa.
No, they said by the end of the month
Dude just invest in O and reinvest dividend
youll definitely get some serious answers
Based on your last comment thread, this 13yr old makes more money than you trading...you really gonna flame him? lol
[deleted]
tbh the contracts on NIO are better
Always have been 👨🏻‍🚀🔫👨🏻‍🚀
[deleted]
Seriously wait until you aren’t. I recovered a -10k deficit and went to +5k overall. I bled those 5k away buying and paper handing a bunch of small positions trying not to get a big loss 🤦🏼‍♂️
Take half out, or put half in a safer bet and use the other half to YOLO (or do your DD and put it in a well thought out bet)
eh theyre fucked, not us. we got money in the market to grow, they dont. they just work everyday to survive paying rent and never get ahead or save. not us tho. we yolo and fill up savings accounts with tendies. we're different.
Mods still gay yes?
You're a dickhead, that's for sure.
She conceded and congratulated Trump right after the election was called.
biden gonna hand over electric cars to nio & xpeng, tesla fucked?
Here he goes boys, its tendie time very soon
Erryday is green for Chinese EV
Yeah, I noticed that too.
My RH options always start moving 1-2 minutes after opening... regardless the company I’m in that day.
>:)
Back then I did't know much about options.
Take it slow and wait for the right catalyst and opportunity i got burnt because i wanted to trade daily and was forcing plays now my account is blown best thing to ever happen as i was forced to take a break and reevaluate
If my religion allowed weed, I would still be going to church
WMT bagholders don't exist.  Look at the 5yr chart and you can't even tell when covid hit haha.
Probably about to lmao
I’ve gotten into selling poor mans covered calls and seeing the red from the covered call cutting into my daily profits/loss numbers (despite it actually being a good thing) ruins my vibe far more then it should.
If nio drops to $35 you can buy two shares.
Sell calls
You know it’s sketchy when they just today are posting positive results in hamsters 😅
fellas i've lost a total of around $12k during this year on options and want to go full boomer investor with $14k worth of savings. what are some strong stocks/etfs yall recommend
Weird, I lost 8k a few weeks ago and I'm halfway back and I feel the big loss was good for me.  I used to panic over $200 losses but now I've seen pain lol
Then don't sell covered calls
Ahh. I have a 10c that I was going to execute if earnings talks went well
you and a million other retards, myself included
>:)
This is the way
Lmao
A little over 24k
If spx closes below 3465 wouldn't that mean the puts you sold are in the money?
Jesus Camp? Is that a documentary on a cult?
I went to a camp called Camp Weed.  I actually dug it, even though it was a reglious camp.
It has its places. Electric scooter. Food delivery, traffic ticker, make errants.

I bought for $1.5 will not unload til there are more on the road.
Go fuck yourself but upgrade to a regular account and set aside 30% for taxes, set aside 40% actually just to be sure you don’t do your math wrong
“I am ready to get hurt again.”
Lmfao
I think your longer term ones will go green, just hang in there. Short term might as well. No telling what we’re in for even tomorrow, let alone 6 weeks from now.
if this is what that's in reference to, fuck 

https://youtu.be/4WddhMkoYC0
I think you just answered your own question
[deleted]
can we start a group of our own?
Lookin like a red day tmr. Green for China EVs
“You throw my ass-pennies into fountains and make wishes on them”
Gme 11/13 call holders
You can agree to disagree with data if you'd like, but ATHs generally lead to more ATHs.
I do my options on RH and my shares in Fidelity too. I should’ve made these moves though. Congrats
Wouldn’t it be better to just keep the call, buy a put, sell the put at rebound, then sell the call?
I’m always impressed by the compassionate tone of Powell’s rhetoric.  He seems like a good dude.
At one point I thought XPEV might do +100% intraday.
What movie is this looks sick?
Stock price, not contract price. That was about 15.3
Think so?
[deleted]
autist here  renting a 1 bedroom apt. no house till tendies grow. but its one of my goals.
Operate a nuclear reactor on a submarine...and no
Congrats and fuck you, but how much did you start with lol
Who is buying on Vips?
MD 20/20
*whew lads*
pussy
Stay away from mommy's credit card
Went to a bougie college. Half the trust fund kids had luxury car + house under their name. When I say house, I don’t mean some shitty rundown crack house, I mean luxury condo in Manhattan. 

I deadass went to an alumni lecture where the speaker said that his dad gave him $50k to start a business and he lost it all, so he went back to get another $50k. He said that everyone should try doing that as a learning experience. Bitcchhhhh


They did pay for my college though 🤷‍♂️
ROFL nothing you said makes sense. I suppose that’s what happens when certain people aren’t willing to admit they’re wrong and need to find an outlet.
Tomorrow looks like a red day. Futures went green for 5 minutes and got sold off.
If we're playing by The Price is Right rules... 50.99
Lol Troy Aikman talking about analytics like he has a doctorate in applied math...
Yes but when, is the question 🤣
I have them under my radar. Especially RIDE. Fisker doesnt interest me at all. Guy has nothing
[deleted]
Quick question, they look promising, but stock has so much volatility, 3 times this year it went from 5 to 1 and back up again, your opinion, should I w8 for a pullback?! They look decent
Well made it when I was under 18 but am 19 now:)
would have been nice if it was literally any other emerging market
I'm gay
No shit
NIO
[deleted]
Your line lengths are giving me cancer!  LOL
Why we have to be red? I’m losing hope
Pixar Soul movie
My puts hope you are wrong
Scared money doesn't make money
Fair just saying if these stocks dip hard they will reverse mid jan
Seems high lol
Is it retarded to sell covered calls on NIO? I got 500 shares that I don’t wanna lose
Solo.
That’s very specific.
I’m also bag holding Disney. 

Bag holders unite!
The first step to recovery is recognizing that you are tied up in a “sketchy” play
Ant is still a company that makes shitton of money. Baba is still a company that makes shitton of money. Chinese government will never sink its proudest national company to let US companies get ahead. It’s just a symbolic spank to show Ma who the boss is.
I would be happier catching my 13 year old watching porn then being on WSB
Fuck I shoulda held my li auto calls. I made a nice chunk off a day trade today that I forgot to get back in by close. Fuck
Let’s see those cheeks
Thanks for your service. Pat u on head.
Dude. Baseball is fucking awesome. And knuckle balls are cool as shit.
BAN
No $500
what is a tanned euro?
Half are probably from the Verizon bundle
[removed]
Even without it it’s a tank, that’s just icing on the cake
I'm buying $1 OTM 0DTE calls at open

Scale in if it dips
“bottom dollar” is a euphemism for selling your ass for cash, right?
Time to follow the Graham Stephan route and put it in an index fund lol
I’m I think he was referencing “Threw it on the ground” by Lonely Island, check out the music video: 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gAYL5H46QnQ
Wise. 
You can always buy in again...
Solo
Go for it on 4th and 1 like a real team
Chikola
Pfft noob. Talk to me when your 5hrs deep into ken burns baseball and not even a baseball fan.
yeh.....its not tesla man
There's no way you could have expected a 12% pump with 2 days before expiry. Closing this was the right call anyways unless you're just asking to get the 99% bankrupt chance.
Yea I have some 1/15/21 that are already dead. Should’ve rolled out but just yolod it. I mainly have 3/19 7/16 1/21/22 with 70% being the 1/21/22s
Nice you made enough tendies to buy a Toyota Camry
Maybe if they weren’t wearing motorcycle helmets with welders tint on it indoors, they would have a chance.
Verify your damn email
Yall are playing Monopoly for Milenials but with real money 💰
Take another closer look at those two
Fisker and RIDE havent had a huge run yet. And Hylion also. 

Might be worth getting some leaps and see what happens.
You sold your call for 47.90? I have 37c Jan 21/2022 and they’re ~23
Solo
Well if you look at the ten year yield and the outflow from Apple it looks like the markets heading for a massive red day. When? Idk. But liquidity is being pulled out of the market it looks like it’s going towards that internet money i can’t mention.
fucking literally. i diamond handed starbucks before the weekend hoping it would boost hard with the new holiday cups and flavors coming out. worked out, made a good profit, and thats what started my good run that hasnt stopped so far. diamond handed nio today though the midday dip and hoping it pumps further in after hours so i can pick up a nice little profit in the morning to start the day off right.
I have way too much money tied up in a sketchy vaccine play and I come here at night to keep myself sane. Thanks homies
He ordered the stoppage because he wanted ANT to have the capital reserves to lend its not really an outrageous request. Remember Lehman Bros?

I think people are gonna regret not getting in at this point, Ma got a little to feisty and basically insulted his boss. I’m confident they’ll figure it out and then BABA can go. It’s just got too much going for it. I donno I’m high
Just watched Jesus Camp on Hulu. What in the actual fuck? Puts on life
Congrats bro. How did you pick up these stocks?
Go become a super spreader. Do your part to worsen the pandemic.
Please learn to spell.
Do they have anything else releasing this year?
I’m pretty convinced their whole objective is to just inflate the debt away. They know like we do that it didn’t work in Japan, I don’t think they care.
Tomorrow at 10:15 PST.
Profit taking down to 41, is my bet. Then back up to 52 at close. Let's see!
With how much money did you begin?
You can walk down the street and pick up $6 in change off the ground faster...

Get outta here
Just keep some cash there for emergencies like if WEBull is down or you are about to hit PTD and want to lose money somewhere else
market makers are trying to get it close to that by open and then we chop in wide ranges tomorrow before we close at 352-352.50
[deleted]
Son don’t u have homework to do
You are doing good.
i got leaps after it floundered at 9-10 for a month, 

10x 1/21/22 10C 

2 fuckin ez, the breakeven was +3 bucks... in a year... in this market... whoever wrote these is a fucking retard and i dont mean that as a compliment.
I’m a perpetual Bear, so I know well their news wouldn’t have to make sense to make the market moon
PLTR dont be a fucking pussy
China EV bears
Cuz cali isn’t letting disneyland open
Cult
You know what’s the worst pain? He’s in a custodial account so he’s underage. Motherfucker is beating the game under 18
Get a job man
Where do people buy big Turkeys from ?
Sweet dividend
More retarded than the average bear.
What if you just grab an item and leave?
What’s the giant red circle?
Not banks

Yes everything else
🙏
yeah how is your dad??
They expired tomorrow. Selling is easier if  someone else does it. Takes the greed away
jhahahahah
Are we seriously getting moderna news? Like seriously.
Vaccine fails more than expected, tech moons again 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
[deleted]
SELL NOW!!!!
Lmfaooooo
Who’s in shambles tomorrow
Hello fellow autists, just know, if you have red days, you probably have had green days as well. Don’t be too hard on yourself for being a retard and betting against bald headed dudes like Bezos.
Its honestly fucking good
Lol what is Pfizer’s margin on that $5.8B? 

I stand by what I said, there isn’t much money in it. It’ll be as profitable as a flu vaccine.
...what?
What’s your expiry? If it’s 1/15/21 you might be better off rolling it out. Long term it’s hard to lose IMO, just very difficult to time. I don’t play SLV because of the volatility, but gold is unwaveringly proven to increase with the national debt, given enough time to adjust properly.
[removed]
Just do the opposite of what you would usually do bro lol it's free money
We are almost below that now
DIS expected to be bad

Imagine them restoring park and movie revenue in the next 3 years with DIS+ on top of it?
Vaccine.
At&t ? Boomer
How many more billions is he going to lose? Jesus Christ I could probably do his job
Who tf is “they” lmao
Fucking is one thing, but to leave the mother of your children who has been with you since you were just an ugly, struggling nerd? For some plastic 50 year-old? That’s just lunacy.
Sounds legit
[removed]
Holding 2 nice puts. I hope it drops to the floor tomorrow then I can ride the next rise. Might still jump to 51/52/53 or something tomorrow though. If so I sure wouldn't hold a call over this weekend. Maybe I'll miss out on a bunch but I'm right above my DT limit and can't afford a big loss.
If people make a ton of money, I can almost guarantee you they won’t put it SPY or VOO. They are going to keep gambling on it and eventually lose
I sold stupid SPY lottos as 20 baggers at open. And thank God I sold
Didn't work in Japan. It's not different this time. Central bank intervention only builds the next crash. Fed is no longer in control.
Costco buys the most Salmon
Use both
Nah I thought the same after being banned on TDA.. switched back to Robinhood, got banned again
KNDI dude! It’s Chinese ev and they make all kinds of shit. I know nothing more than That and it’s running on the same xi strength.
I’ll never accept defeat
I own Jan 2022 LEAPS. Essentially shares since they are now well in the money.
Yolo everything into puts.
Copy and paste to "be more specific" on 40 or so of bot looking vague posts in about 10 minutes.
rotation to emergent markets? their not as overvalued. that's what happens with bubbles until it all pops, they expand and new bubbles are created. Now its Chinese EV's
I feel like doing any type of real DD is basically pointless during this stacked shell game-
Baba owns stake in ant. Duh.
How the fuck did I end up sitting here watching a documentary about knuckle ball pitchers?
I would like to subscribe to your newsletter
not banks - probably auto and housing or anything that you can get a loan for... and look at GM hmm
Praying to god Tesla turns around tomorrow
What’s a good yolo 11/20 play?
Bruh we already have a vaccine. What could they possibly announce that would move markets?
hope so
You may have gotten admin banned and not subreddit mod banned. Have you been saying the sitewide no no words?
Lol you are such a hater.
[removed]
"No worse than your strenuous flus" as they say. Honestly more like a bad cold but I'd been traveling so figured I'd get the test.
Do daily swings like this not affect your daily life?!
Look at Nio lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
🍆 💦
T
Dude same, wtf?

Although I tested it and tried to buy a share of BABA and that didn't work either
Holy shit RH just unbanned me after 90 days. But I am already well established with Webull. Should I switch back to RH ?
Incoming Red Friday while NIO moons as usual
Really considering it, December calls on fire sale
we pinning 352 tomorrow max pain
He should've just bought a bicycle and and umbrella for those rainy days.
Moderna news at 8 AM. 360 open.
Can't wait to buy Feb 120 puts after Moderna vacc results
Leaving this sub because we cant mention shitkoin.   Even though its tendie city
Im sold. I’ll screenshot this to thank you one day hopefully.
If we talking stock, it cannot drop below 10 as it’s the redemption floor. I want to bank even on 10-15% move, idk if and how much it goes up. This is riskless trade
I have missed the nio, plug and xpeng train . Is there anything worth looking at ? Please 😭
All RED E for tomorrow 🤡
[removed]
gamblin is gamblin, take your balls out of your purse
Yours moms house is awesome
[removed]
I didnt think that deal would make their price drop so bad though.
Now that Disney is classified as a tech stock (because of their streaming) it will actually benefit from covid lockdowns.

DIS $200.
China won't lock down again and will recover faster

Supposedly 

Also we will have a president that won't stir up random shit with China just to whip his cult members into a frenzy
It is not luck. I have brain damage
Disney -
Yes IWM DIE

Back to pre election lows pls
So is it’s downside. No scenario it goes under $15 imo. Has all the potential to make new ATH next year $50+
All you smooth brains using light mode on RH smh
Holy shit you genius. I know how to reset my losses now.
To 52% growth over the time period they reported
Little early for Christmas but the sentiment is shared lmao
What movie is this
27K
>Force-E Ocean

Have you did any DD on FSR?
It would be like the last island of yield in the world submerging
Because I’m being real with you
I love you all. This sub literally cracks me up daily, but this is a shares play. Long game.
Damnit i need to buy nio dont i
Why is everyone orange on FOX news?
Fuck pcg...it's a bloated carcass farting maggots on a hot highway
Someone said 240p on baba. They cannot be wrong.  Baba $239 tomorrow
I’m a developer making 6 figures, but still have a hard time getting a down payment saved up. I was actually looking on Zillow for places to move to this weekend with houses cheaper than 500k that were bigger than a postage stamp. Some places it’s hard, others it’s easy
Keanu the White be spittin🔥
Nice. Did you check interactivebrokers at all? Seems ok and also has a cash account
That 5% limit up was like drug.. fuck I need more 😐
Zomgz
He gave a speech thats basically flipping them off cuz of ant. He criticised his master and now they make him Lucifer.
so you’re saying there’s a chance..
Once Cramer said “Buy aerospace” two days ago it’s all been going back down.
Their D isn’t good enough I think, but maybe
sweaty poon
Man, with that luck you should probably get tested for covid
[deleted]
Translation:

Over 3692 Li Xiang One has been delivered in October, a record-breaking sales for the past three months.

From Jan to Oct 2020, 21852 Li Xiang One has been delivered

By October 31st, Li Xiang has 41 dealerships in China, covering 36 cities
there's been an imbalance this past week, too many happy green portfolios not enough red ones
Bull case is the Fed realized infinite QE means we’ll keep buying no matter what is going on around us. I’m fundamentally bearish but it’s a rigged fucking game.
Mental age \*\*
The sun will come out tomorrow, bet your bottom dollar...
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/a033026335 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah I know we're not supposed to talk about the coin, but the fomo hasn't kicked in 1% as much as last time. Invest if you think the tech is useful, but only play with money you're willing to part with
Sq only goes up
[deleted]
Kc is gonna go back to back
how are your symptoms ?
If I hadn't sold my hedge puts on BABA I got for like $2.50 each, they would have been worth $26 each the next day, and would have made more money than my swing calls even after they expired worthless: 940% per call. Lesson: straddles on manipulated stocks swinging 7% during trading for 3 days straight is probably good to keep.   


That said, I'm going to wait for SPY to run out of steam tomorrow high and get 0DTE puts and see how it goes.
hope you feel better soon buddy
If you can you should. Thinking long term.
how to become as cool as you?
Merry Christmas to the ground
Because they’re banning gasoline cars in 10 years
Leaps in miners mainly. I’ll be fine but I’ve been holding since Sept and it’s been depressing.
This sub is my one stop shop for news, humor, getting out of worrying thoughts etc 😇😇😇
Nikkei is falling like a Lead Zeppelin.
He has a name. It's Harold!
11/13 

3x 3100p

2x 3150/3145p

2x 3100/3095p
It's OK, your sacrifice is appreciated
You
Thank god everything is back to normal
Go to your local wine store and get a bottle of I Pentri "Flora" Falanghina 2017
I love monster inc and monster university.
thank you for your service
We will follow you. Let us be your flock
I was trying to look at some youtube videos of the car, but there is only a few videos of the car itself, the rest are on the CEO or the stock itself. I just feel like if they were selling a lot of cars, there would be more than reviewers driving them.
That could be a graph of vehicle related deaths for all we know
Got me some 12/18 65c! Went next level retard on that.
https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
They turn the screen around. Duh 😂
got sq calls, dont wanna get let down by a shape
If this is true I hope you get well. Hope you don't lose your sense of taste and smell.
.3%
I had CCL calls earlier in the week... never again
That big peak is only 35% over a year. Treasury bonds can look the same. Its just a matter of scale. 

Tldr: ban
who gives a fuck. truely, who the fuck gives flying fuck where he got his kid from, thats his business.
My all time would finally be green after 3 months
You are not alone, I’m retarded too. I feel like we got a chance tho
no
Wait, you're telling us it's possible to pull this of... without options?
So are you or are you not net long?  😰
At least now you know what to do.
It's upside is limited.
Who’s gonna tell him
what?
Because it’s the greatest country on Earth?
Disney is almost back to February high before covid.
Stfu money is good
Fake dump
Titans might win the AFC championship. 

Championship game is gonna be them vs Steelers and I’m from KC
HOW DO THEY KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT
It needs to 280 by EOD tomorrow.
Damn you know it's gotten bad when he even turns his back on fox news....
dress up as 18 yr old blondies you mean?
I have 30 spy 350p 11/13
🧀🧀🧀
Depends how much the cash burn fluctuates really. As I said, just buy the stock. IPOs are basically calls with no expiry
Same bud, congrats. The last month or so, I got all my losses back from February  forward
Idc, I'm selling both sides
Disney+ is at 73 million subscribers in 1 year, and they aren't global.

Netflix has 190 million.

Disney+ is a monster. No free trial anymore either, and the Verizon deal is over so don't give me that shit argument either.
Why? You'd be up what, 60%? Those kinds of gains are common with stock options. And they're not a tax nightmare if you actively trade them.
349 tonight and I’m gonna be up bigly
Today, left ~800% on the table on PDD 130 purchased a couple weeks ago. 

Got pissed off and loaded up on 11/20 FTCH 55c throughout the day. Hope it holds. 

I love e commerce
I think it'll take more than the small retrace we had, but it's true the unwinding we are seeing since the vaccine news is a little concerning
Just tested positive for rona. Hopefully as the 150,001st case today I am what tanks the market.
Not hating but that may be on you my guy.  You had a 3 week notice that they were dumping 16M new and 16M investor shares back into the open market.  If you’re not going to monitor the companies you bet on then just put your $ in SPY and fagedaboutit
This sub has truly gone to shit. I remember a few days where people were here to actually try and make money.
HaHA you got me!! I have no clue what I’m talking about
Calc 2 was my schools introduction to integration, which is why its hard.

Calc 3 is integration but with multiple axis. If you know the fundamentals of integrating you can do any number of axis no problem

The statistics is shreking me because I didnt have to do linear algebra and this class has a ton of matrices for correlation and covariance
Yeah but there’s also tons of reasons to
I likey likey
Lmfao
Why would you say negative things like that???????
There is money in the vaccine. Why the fuck else would they make it? 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/business/2020/nov/10/pfizer-and-biontech-could-make-13bn-from-coronavirus-vaccine
Wait. People do math around here?
🧀 🧀 🧀
What percent of your portfolio is $60
Whenever I'm not net long, the market has extreme retard strength and no bad news can even slow it down. Whenever I am net long, the market is the weakest pp ever like it can't even stay up for 5 minutes.
This could be a retarded question but if we wait to buy a dip, how can we know it’s not dumping?
200 MA for DXY is acting as a resistance. 50 day about to golden penis cross the 200 and if dollar goes above 200MA then probably going to slide in equities. Currently in a symmy triangle on the 1 hour chart. All according to my crayons 🖍
I’m BYD gang and I’m mad I’m not in this picture.
Yes
Bought BA, SLV, SPY and GRWG
no business benefit from deflation. means people aren't spending.
The more money people gain, the more they can lose. I don’t understand your argument
I’m rooting for monies
Imagine selling XPEV 40c at 37 this morning

Imagine buying LI 25p at 32 this afternoon

What type of dumb idiot would be stupid enough to do both those things?
Negative rates will 99% never happen in USA. Dont waste your time
Short term could go either way, longer term I’m definitely bullish metals. What’s your position?
What’d you blow it up on
Damn but you ARE willing to say it’s a lot huh? Discretion is key.

Weak shit my guy. Try less.
No need. When I was younger an upstanding  young lady showed me n if she simply taps on her temple a bunch before putting  my 2 inch rod in her mouth, she dosnt even choke
RKT
Wdym?
LMAO yeah that was silly, buuutttt do you remember when spy dropped 35%+ and we were in the middle of a worldwide pandemic & then we hit ATH in less than 5 months???? That’s definitely something
Which ones, none of volume or open interest in them?
-8% then -0% 😔
Even with their Fox acquisition Internationally?
He's a billionaire, one of China'a wealthiest and economy growth leader. Guess that leads to his ego. But let's not forget, he is successful only cuz CCP let him.
Anyone else buying this APD (Air Products and Chemicals) dip?
I didnt either
Bandaids and Butterbeans we’re going dark tomorrow boys
why is everyone suddently buying ccp stocks ?
Why
i agree
I bought last December and really was just hoping it would ride tesla's coat tails. Also was a lot of turmoil at the time and I didn't think china would let them fail.
Tried to buy PLTR AH and TDA blocked me. They don't wanna see me win
4500 shares? Pre sure that's 4500 contracts. You ain't making $2 mil premium on 160k worth of stock lol
Wish I had gotten more:/
It will follow Li auto... pay attention to that and you'll do well
I like the ticker is cool but don't you people expect a little much from a mortgage company?
Cool... yeah 🙄
Li’s earning on tomorrow is going to look good?
Get in at the ath to make a new ath, most traders don’t know this simple life hack
Eat your dads ass gayboi
Thx bb
I think that’s an average, I’d you take out Alaska and some of the low pop states it goes way up
It is amazing for scalping. Always dip in the morning
DIS EPS: -0.20
DIS AH: +3.31%
Haha “soyboy”
It is I've been using a magnet problem is my carpet is 1 3/4 inches deep I'm fucking retarded
Lmao
Sell PTON calls if looks like it's gonna stay under 114.
Damn I thought Calc 3 was by far the hardest. Currently in my third year of school. Good to note about statistics in grade level
Pretty much i asked to live in her basement for a year to save up and buy my apartment next year, little does she know that i blew up that deposit and will now have to figure a way to explain how i need to live there for another year
They a bit pricey mate
what the fuck are you trying to say?
2B is definitely not a drop in the bucket, and it’s expected to be closer to 13 billion
[removed]
[deleted]
You rooting for covid?
[deleted]
what stocks would benefit from a negative interest rate?
Same. Took 2 doses of LSD on my 5th trip and it fucked me up good. Never touching it again. Shrooms I love and will do it every few months.
Maybe after it hits 60
Could’ve been way worse, hey man profit is profit. I’d rather take little than a huge spit in the face
This comment scares me. Value is value because it is backed by cash flows or assets. Growth has value in the future. Gambling doesn’t have anything underlying and there are losing hands that can come fast and for no reason other than chance
[deleted]
And it is apparently waiting for 200k daily rona cases
[deleted]
Balls deep in Nio and Xpev. Small position in Solo.
oui
https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2020/11/12/covid-social-gatherings/#click=https://t.co/DNRZeoUXEj


If you're bearish on the market this is solid evidence that absent and effective vaccine covid should affect certian segments of the market (like travel, oil, restaurants, REITs)

You aren't going to literally police people from from hanging out in private residences.

Bull case is probably tech can help fill the void with all virtual stuff.
250 shares @40.77 with 2 covered calls 45 strike @.55. Just hoping it stays above $41
Technical Analysis. Through analysis of thousands of trades, the tard has determined that the geometric distribution of charts in any market is a statistically predictable element. Technical Analysis treats the past performance as a prediction of future results, each fluid position representing a maximum profit, collecting maximum tendies on the maximum number of stonks while keeping the tard clear of the statistically traditional trajectories of bear markets. By the rote mastery of this art, your trading efficiency will rise by no less than 120%. The difference of a 63% increase to realized gains makes the master of Technical Analysis an adversary not to be taken lightly.


Like the Gun Kata, Technical Analysis is also a work of fiction.
[deleted]
you belong here
[deleted]
Holy shit you actually did the math?
Probably closer to $16-20 based on these new valuations. That prices in the overwhelmingly fucking stupid market ignoring deep value in favour of already sky-high tech valuations for the third thousandth time.
What percent is that?
Because you aren’t as cool as us.
You’re missing out
70 OTM $1 spy’s . Up or down u pick
Anti-Monopoly is more than just Ma. It's going to affect a lot of the big whales of China, as they are in a power repositioning at the moment under Xi and hold all the cards.
Wuh happen
For newbs and the uninitiated: Palantir is really something you *own*, not *trade*. Could you imagine snatching up Google, Facebook, Apple, or Amazon for ~$15/share? Well, Millennials and Gen Z, here’s your chance.
So true. I just Came too.
Disney CEO big mad
We all are!
[deleted]
Bullish imo. Bought calls today.
That first sentence 100 but the rest nah
Will rally tomorrow.
Where have I heard this before
is da bul r fuk ?
we gucci fam
To tendie town we go
Have you tried turning it off and back on again?
How come I didn't get a barcode when I got banned
Instagramer with a shopify store
Clearly a Russian propaganda psyop
If it’s ferromagnetic just use a strong magnet. If it isn’t then rip
Welp, when you ball, you ball hard.  Nice win.
Gonna do research first
yeah imma need vix to die
Lol for real. Tesla went from $1500 a share all the way down to $417.  Who would want to invest in that.
Any reason why? I looked at it for 30 seconds and the pastebins on the general looked informative.
Miami DC prefer Versace
Just go with nio
Positions?
Wait for a red day, then buy any call at any strike price/date
[removed]
Congrats !
Just get a new one.
The best thing you can do for yourself is recognize that your life isn’t over and not give up. Pick yourself up, find the nearest Wendy’s to you and go behind it. Everything after that is up to you. Good luck
Who bought the dip? (Me)
Already priced in, see that crazy run up to the election? April puts
That's a win around here
Thank you for your service!
Now with the DES trial a failure do we still see 25+ on FDA approval for LN? I been loading up here at 11-14 a share now.
Calls on $ROPE
I don’t understand how fucking stupid people can be
[deleted]
NIO DAY ANNOUNCES US INTEGRATION $169.69 END OF JANUARY LETS GO BEARS IN SHAMBLES
JPM is a boomer org that doesn’t deserve any respect. They make loads of cash just by issuing these baseless statements.
Sir, this is a MacRonalds.
I am less skeptical...
Beginning of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4qfx3ZMSB8) is how mfkers do DD on this stock
69
very concerned for bul
Baba to 270 by lunch tomorrow?
Yessir, sold a bunch of cash covered puts today, april 12p and nov 13th 11.5p
Lol, it’s not going to crush me because I’ll hold it for the next 20 years if I have to. One ER isn’t going to mean much in the long run. But in the short term, I may have to wheel a few hundred more shares which is ok too
ITS MY CAKE DAY MOTHAFUCKAS LETS GOOOOO
[removed]
Edit/Color/VFX for TV commercials and other short-form films.  I like it a lot.
My wife
I’m basically right there with you man ✊🏻

Let’s get this bread
If it was in airlines you would have had at least 3 chances to get out at significant profit, most notably in June.  Sold both CCL and DAL leaps for significant profit.  Also early September and and monday.  All three of those points you were probably green, granted not as green as damn near anything else but still profitable.
This is how they made 100k with only $500
Lol that picture. I just spilled my coffee
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/a033026335 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
50c 45p straddle for earnings. Contracts move violently
That’s sketch
I have 11/13 AMZN puts. rip me
Spare some to me :)
[removed]
I just dropped a gear from my Rolex onto my carpet can't find it anyway 🤗🔫
wheres Kayne west?
Is nio still a good scalp right at open ?! In and out ? Please help me I’m challenged. Also is it true Santa isn’t real? My Christmas letter is on the Christmas tree hoping he reads it
Did it moon because of what the fed said?
I am waiting for SPY 300
Yeah that was a crazy drop... even though it was from news that came out still pretty nutty
So you’re living in your moms basement is what you’re saying?
What stocks are good plays if I wanna bet on Americans ignoring the "no big Thanksgiving" rule

Is there a way to short mall Santas?
Feels like silver is going directly to $21 or $27 soon. What’s the sentiment here of which way it heads? I’m homeless if it goes downsies so tread lightly pls.
Best case for tech tomorrow  more Covid cases / lockdowns Dow down -2% making the Vix rise with it 
Nasdaq up 1% with tech still being go to 

Hopefully this happens 🚀🚀🚀
Hhhaahahhahahah....told y’all not to fuck with Da Maus 😂 Da Maus always wins.
Rich in experiences?
Yea
Same. Had a boring 3-4 days hope we get action tomorrow.
i bought it from 8k down to 4k until i ran out of money...then i read separate-variations post and decided to sell it because he thought gold and beetcoin were going down more. its a real pity following someone blind like that.
Profits will be scalped tomorrow
Haha probably the latter, futures are holding slightly higher atm. Might have to call the bank for another loan
Ohhhhh I think hes talking about me!!!!
I went ahead and bought puts on a chinese EV car manufacturer today around the top. I guess I should just prepare to die. I know you lurkers in here are with me.
He gonna get another ban
Remember in Feb when people said SPCE was going to 100 by July lmfao
Nio rally to continue through Nio day 1/09/2021
or I’ll eat that guys dog shit
Considering going back in tomorrow for earnings next week but I really dont trust this market. Feels like it could give out at anytime and I dont like what that means for NIO sitting at AH rn
We need to have two pictures in posts like this.

First one is the graph.

Second one is the trade history - or at least the big trade history.

Positions: SPXS
Left 700% on the table with Nio today 😅
*Reddit has a 1 hour delay to fetch comments, or you can manually create a reminder on Reminddit.*

**DankReynolds** , kminder in **1 week** on [**2020-11-19 23:57:35Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-19 23:57:35Z&reminder_id=07439853325e4a69a96463fee1d41486&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: What_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt38hy/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020/gc3obb8/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-19T23%3A57%3A35%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt38hy%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020%2Fgc3obb8%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete reminder and comment, Update message, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-19 23:57:35Z&reminder_id=07439853325e4a69a96463fee1d41486&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can [add an email](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Add%20Email&message=addEmail%21%2007439853325e4a69a96463fee1d41486%20%0Areplaceme%40example.com%0A%0A%2AEnter%20email%20on%20second%20line%2A) to receive reminder in case you abandon or delete your username.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
ps5 all day, sell it for 900$, profit
Put credit spread
LMAO imagine losing money on NIO calls
XPEV
That’s why we’re all here
How many of you bois are hedging with this upcoming great reset by imf? [https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2020/06/03/sp060320-remarks-to-world-economic-forum-the-great-reset](https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2020/06/03/sp060320-remarks-to-world-economic-forum-the-great-reset)
[removed]
What if I want to be poor?
Went there once, they were shilling shitcoin, left
[Autist reporting for duty!!](https://imgur.com/gallery/pokpErG)
So now you’re gonna misquote? Are you phrase dyslexic? That explains your mental ineptitude.              

I don’t post full value of my accounts because people I know irl follow me. I’m not tryin to tell the world my full value, but if you went through my comment history you might find some bread crumbs.
No
Show us your positions
Value Investing can never day. True Value investing is buying something for less than it is worth.
Like that matters for a company growing revs at 50% with 2 years of cash on hand.
$XPEV
Unbelievable.... well, not really... fucking JP Morgan....
PLTR...the lord giveth and the lord taketh 😔
[deleted]
[removed]
Inflation and devaluation of the dollar?
My limiting beliefs. Yeah. Gotta unlock my potential
https://www.lixiang.com/news.html
Sir I will baghold wmt and pcg until the end of time.

Ppl need groceries and light.
I want to point out where I live it's extremely affordable to buy a house and you can get a decent one for 80,000 total , don't blame a good city and a gambling problem on the economy , move
why are you the way that you are?
I never liked that company
22 years and counting in the Air Force. Fucking hate it.
Why do people live in america?
Baba was guaranteed.   Then ma gots to go piss off the overlords so they're stomping his shit to the ground. 

Fuck that I'm just staying with jd
What an autis...astute analysis
Amphetamine psychosis
Christ man it hasn't been a week since the call can we just have a break for a month
https://www.lixiang.com
This is the way
Why is Baba fucked if ant never goes public? It was never public before.
Save a few more dollars and come back to us...they always do.
cause they're going to $100. if my math adds up, he would profit from that
"NEVER EVER BET AGAINST THE RAT"
If you want to be rich, buy this put: NIO $45p exp February 2021
This is the way
it looks like those are most of the ETF yea but i just thought u meant marijuana stocks in general haha
You're all caught up!
I actually believe we can pump the market to absurd levels too though
We’re all just trying to make some money at the end of the day to have a sense of freedom and escape. We hide behind jokes whilst knowing the world is fucked. Not sure what kind of planet we’re leaving our kids. Companies control every aspect of our lives. News isn’t really news. People don’t know how to function without their phones. It’s okay to be fat and take up more resources with the illusion of sustainability. We’re being played like fiddles in the hopes of having a better life.
42
bro everyone has been saying do shares not options, plus shares don’t help the squeeze happen
biggest bull trap in history 

# spy 300p 12/24.

# happy holidays
10:30am PST
🚀🚀🚀
 Not that wasn’t me 😭.

Just wanting to test my damn luck
Fuck it, I’m in
I'm sorry I offended you retards
I do. More than one actually.  My wife’s boyfriend says it takes more than a degree to make it to the top.
Their own earnings. So good EV news + own earnings run-up.
Does anyone here visit the biz/finance section on 4chan?
What's a medium risk option play for NIO at the moment? I have $1K to commit.
Who do you think those messages are from
Macro trends hmm ........
What’s really impressive about this is that he has never been right. He is batting 100% with his inverse plays. 

We see a lot of people losing big. But very rarely so we get to see someone so retarded they literally never had a chance to earn a profit.
[deleted]
45
Lol I see what you did there
Meme stock
Which is almost 2 years to burn thru their IPO cash. That’s a TON of cash.
[deleted]
Congrats and fuck you
buy
[deleted]
Get out of here Richard!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Where can I see the list
When did you jump in?
tech confirmed limit up by 10pm
This movie was fucking sick, be quiet
52
49.69
[deleted]
Take your money and run dude; Li auto is sketchy as fuck. Not at all like NIO
Link to post and will send $100.
Any particular reason?
Suck dick and yes
Phone your Asian buddies, they are dropping it like its hot
NIO is going to $100 by EOY. 

You’re probably wondering, why?

Retards. That’s why.
DKNG play tomorrow? Futures..
sell, and im hoping it pumps over 40
My 3 month old son is so smart. She said to me:

"Father, do not fret over the current geopolitical climate. The market will move and you must react, but you must not be a lemming. Fate favors the bold, father."
Nov 20 Xpev $35 puts
2.5 11/20 & 3.0 12/18 for me
SPY 351P 11/13
Manage a hedge fund
55 🙌
Thoughts on palantir ? Decent earnings increased guidance.
Tesla has been a long term hype idk enough to say anything about NIO (position 36 shares)
Both, i like to play both sides
Buy low sell high, dumbass. Haven’t you learned anything from your stay here?
Baba is so fucked.  Jack ma better apologize to the overlords or they will stomp baba to the ground


Shit, Xi was the one that ordered the stoppage of ant
you would like me, i have weed and whiskey and a cool dog
With weed stocks, buy "high" has new meaning.
I sold mine today so naturally it’s going to open at $52
160k cases. Lock this shit down like Europe. We are fucked.
The hospital system is going to be overwhelmed by Christmas, probably sooner, due to the huge increase in cases. My guess is some panic selling will happen when they shut down economies again, followed by more tech rallies. Sell your “value” stocks and buy tech boys
50.32
No and they wont until atleast 2022. And thats generous. They also just design the cars, they dont really build it
Your a true role model for all of us. In the next few months you'll either be dimeless under a bridge or on a yacht with the finest babes and white.
Both
Cant be worst then me, Lost 61k of that 30k was a personal loan and 7.5k was money my mother gave me to invest, so i gave up on stocks and now focus on my job that pays 4k a month with no monthly expenses beside my 615$ monthly repayment food and fuel, I hope to save that money back next year.

Pay off the loans, then Yolo the rest
Everyone respects the Ts
Bought 1DTE SPY calls at peak today for $2 each and sold them for $3.70. Range was 1.7 and 4.6 I think. Closed everything out because I'm terrified of holding in this market after what BABA did on Tuesday overnight.
This is a perpetual pump and dump
I can't believe you came on my mom
I remember when the digital currency broke under 10k and everyone was shitting the bed. It was a weekend. Damn should've bought that dip.
Same. These trends have been making me money.
Who yolo’d into some juicy AMZN calls before today?
Colts need better uniforms. It's literally too bright.
Sorry I’m a smart trader, I don’t belong in this sub
You're giving away too many secrets!!! Most ppl just think Chinese = CHEAP. Cant change their mind when they are constantly being bombarded with mind control propaganda...
NIO opening predictions go
It did that in 3 days.
yeah, feeling pretty retarded today. Actually come to think of it, been feeling pretty retarded my whole life
[deleted]
Linde
What do you all do for living? And do you like it?
How? Wtf are these fucks seeing at JPM?
Up tomorrow morning, go hard on outs after noon.
[deleted]
Thanks expert. You expertise will be valued.

Edit: Life savings and 90% net-worth now in NIO
dec 2022
If I’m ever getting tired of reading the comments here I read ZeroHedge’s comments and then remember that everyone here is pretty with it by comparison
That is absolutely not true, Sir. 

Ps. send nudes to moms basement
Bro that was me
Bulls only drive Chinese EVs
Sure but keep in mind your break even will still be around 20. Even with today’s sell off my leaps didn’t drop much in price.
Honestly no. Had a learning curve where I fucked up and let my ego get the best of me. However I am steadily climbing back up, sitting all cash until I see a position I like and want to hold for a week or 2. Using that method, I'm up about 70% from my low. Still down 20% all time though
eventually mandatory shutdowns is going to be the only remedy left in order to keep the healthcare system from collapsing
$100
Smh.. weak
Quite the opposite
Same thing was said about NIO. The only reason I see potential is because all of the people who didn’t get on the NIO train will now jump on thinking there is a chance.
you think I give a shit when my expiry is 11/20?
I heard that LI's earnings report leaked, but I have nothing to substantiate that.
Wow
Looking good after hours thx for the reminder
[removed]
rug pull tomorrow
Goes to 50 tomorrow. They’re gonna raise guidance
also this is 100% real and not shit talking, that guy was cool
I’m thinking Friday sell off tbh
Always remember that under God Emperor Powell, bears get a day bulls get a week, bears get a week bulls get a month, bears get a month and the bulls get a year
 Stock market is going to be up BIGLY tomorrow
valuations on chinese stocks mean nothing
I can’t make money without volatility 👀😬
Every trade I enter
Ha. Okay
Buy buy. NIO ripping to $100 EOY on retards buying
What about 13c 11/20 👀
i started like a week ago and am not trynna lose all my money just yet
But they aren’t rising from the ashes
We’re in it together, I got some expiring tomorrow and some next Wednesday. They’re in the green profit wise.. for now
who cares why just ride it baby
This checks out because Jeff Bezos looks like a walking penis
[deleted]
YouTube keep dying. There’s a chance
$PCG looking great AH thanks random guy that reminded me
Team Mango is busy printing fake ballots to put in the recount

Stonks dont matter now, they dont need to pretend anymore
ah interesting. I had thought it just wasnt worth it that they just cut it
Honestly this is what I finally realized I was doing wrong.  I’ve blown up my account a dozen times holding thinking it was going to go higher and got beat out by profit takers.  Take the fucking profit!
Based on futures if they continue to trend where they are, tech will be up if anything (nasdaq futures are up), and the rest should be red again (s&p and Dow futures are down)
Since Biden is president-elect, all of a sudden the world isn’t on the brink of collapse like the media would have lead us to believe.
PS5 all day. sell it tomorrow for a $80 profit, then yolo the thing on Li, NIO and Xpeng calls!
But do we stay red?
I dont know I kept breaking even lmao
Long position on $ROPE
[deleted]
On what?
Why do u think it’s undervalued?
Trans lives matter
[removed]
This is wallstreetBETS, not wallstreeetspretendlikeweknowwhatthefuckweredoing
Yeah not sure, I know it’s mainly sourced from uranium mines. We don’t have as many uranium mines anymore since we’re not really in a cold war anymore lol hence the shortage in Helium
Day off. A real veteran.
For what reason exactly did LI gain 40% today on ....XPEV's earnings? 10% more than the company that actually had the earnings report.
Nice
Yaw eht si
Gotcha, took profits and walked yeah?
Most bullish news

 **The economy as we knew it might be over, Fed Chairman says**

 [https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/economy/economy-after-covid-powell/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/economy/economy-after-covid-powell/index.html)

SPY 450 Dec 21 calls looking like free money. JPM analysts predicted this bois:

 **S&P 500 can reach 4,500 by the end of 2021, predicts JPMorgan analysts**

[https://www.marketwatch.com/story/s-p-500-can-reach-4-500-by-the-end-of-2021-predicts-jpmorgan-analysts-11604953980](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/s-p-500-can-reach-4-500-by-the-end-of-2021-predicts-jpmorgan-analysts-11604953980)
They’re not wrong tho
[deleted]
UK's index, anyone?
Oregon
I fucking love this format
CTRL + Z
Always tech that outperforms
What ever you can do, what ever keeps you from getting too bored. I used to do a mile start with quarter jog, then bench press then a faster quarter mile then incline press then another run then maybe push ups then another
Rest In Peace your hard earned money.
ps5
Where's that guy who always posts positive shit about not killing yourself on red days??

Haven't seen him in a while, hope he's okay.
You should roll them to 2022 and 2023 and keep the train moving!
You can get two handles with that much money, much better investment
Of trading days, I lose the most money on Fridays & Mondays by far. Any 0dte tips for tmrw other than not playing them?
It hasn’t even started
Oh fuck yeah
Bout tree fiddy
My spy puts are scared but I’m confident that we go red tomorrow
Puts
Kneepads, chapstick, and start practicing to ignore your gag reflex.
Okay, retard. Since you seem to be so adamant about talking to me (kind of creepy, but okay), let’s read the comment. 

Okay I read it. You’re still retarded. At risk people should be at home, don’t lockdown the entire country. People are overdosing, drinking like crazy, etc.  

It’s called the ripple effect, and we won’t know the full scope of it until this is all over. 

Also, I wear a mask every day and always have, when I’m in public places or at work. Not sure why you suggested I didn’t, but again, now we both know you’re retarded, so I won’t hold it against you. 

Now sit down and leave me the  fuck alone, pussy.
Joe Buck with a great coat on tonight
BABA was up 70% on initial investment Tuesday and just sold for a near total 90% loss today, not including the 70% I didn't lock in. Don't want to say how much, but basically 90% of my original account in value was lost from peak to trough in that. It took SPY 1DTE Puts today to make most of the principle back. Stressful.
[deleted]
I hope Henry turns into super saiyan and just kill everybody
ROPE 69C 4/20
Ps5 and I was a Xbox kid
What’s your position exactly?
It's actually really easy. Buy puts. Hedge will OTM call spreads. Break even when it moons. Become rich when it eventually tanks. And let's be real, it's not trading sideways.
Nikkei too
correction, I had $100
am i the only one that gets turned on by bloomberg terminals
[deleted]
They are all tailing each other so strange
7k
Yup  cant even buy them at discount no more if you missed the happy hour
Honestly surprised there isn't more hype around CRSR around here. Just smashed earnings and is still under valued. Once volume starts raising, its gonna fly
Those gains will disappear with a bad ER
Another flat day, sigh
[deleted]
I’m already shorting 👌🏻
911?! Who dis?
20k
I got 21 contracts ranging from 300-500 some expiring 2021 and 2022 and 100 shares I got at 278. This Chinese ev hype is makin me a little nervous and I’m in a little too deep now. Looking to offload my 450 and 500c as soon as possible.
yeah like I lost 7k overall, I recognize other people lose more but % wise that's most of my net worth
Sure thing retard
It isn’t about “fair” - find your edge and work on it every day or quit. Easy as that
If you don’t have psychedelic experience try LSD first. 1 or 2 hits. Mushrooms can vary widely in strength and be difficult to dose for a first timer, and they can be fucking overwhelming in a hurry.
Like $60
[deleted]
Yup, but struggling to find anything public that would benefit from rising helium prices
Doh
Don't let me down tomorrow DKNG.
lol its to late. Think they had their run up aready
remember the good old days, whenever markets were red we would get blasted with non-stop fake news, kudlow + mnuchin + pelosi on TV, a surprise vaccine announcement, trade talks going well, etc.

where the fuk did they go?
I'm watching this cult docuseries on hbo and it's kind of speaking to me
just check their numbers, they are selling less and less every year. only nissan gm and ford will die, the others will adapt and get bought
Big tech will not die.
xbox always
Disney puts a few dollars OTM, one month out. They say “don’t fuck with the mouse.”

Well after a big pump Disney always calms down and goes down a few dollars within a week.
Agreed. I'm already up on long options from today.
Not until they make a profit from selling cars.
Only the most rtarded among us didnt see weed dumping coming from a mile away.
Thanks didn’t have the energy to say this
$56k
Im thinking about either going in next week or wait until december for more news
Acid fucks with your brain more in my experience. I prefer shrooms. Except the first time I took them I was in a bad setting and threw up a lot. Was still a cool experience
Jesus fucking Christ I hope this is an act. You’re arguing that you were even more wrong than I’m giving you credit for. The agreed on price was $39 per double dose, 19.50 each.

“The average investor like myself and big banks key in on” next you’re gonna tell us about your online IQ test right?

Pull your finger out of your ass. Post a screenshot and prove me wrong.
Pricing the future in.
Who else is in on LI earnings with me and absolutely creaming over their pop AH???? 😩😩🤤🤤🤤🚀
Is it looking like luck in coffee ? 😂😂😂
so what’s the risk in doing this? what could go wrong?
Ask your dad he wants to adopt me
Same bro same
Eom 48 Eoy 54
10-4
Imagine its March and you were smart enough to buy leaps.

uh oh it was in airlines.
I sold before earnings, but you are retarded, they beat their revenue estimate, the losses are due to a higher dividend (0.24 per stock instead of estimated 0.04)
SOLO. Their cars are ugly but ppl will get in because of fomo
Oh dang okay, some people seem serious. If only I could tell who though
2 weeks ago and a phrase like “correct down to 40” would make me laugh so hard...
u/longi11 You think that stock will fall before merger or the first flight of Momentus? Or will stay roughly the same and then go crazy in Q1 2021?
What’s the worst y’all have ever lost on a trade?
wait two weeks. don't pay a dollar over sticker
Yes i am. Full circle
[deleted]
fucking been there done that
expert here. put life savings into NIO.

expert out.
I had puts until my stop limit hit
Can RKT and BAC stop going up so I can sell some puts on this bitch
Hardships are behind us. The shit has been let out.
[deleted]
XPEV posted quadruple revenue growth.
Lower Risk Plays decent reward: HD and TGT earnings run up calls ATM (sell before the actual earnings release). Medium Risk Plays higher reward: BABA January calls 10-15 out of the money to take advantage of likely better communication with new administration, a new announcement for Ant IPO and China, and hopefully PRC don't disappear Jack Ma in the meantime. High Risk Don't Do It: Weekly Short of DKNG at top of run up for post earnings dump. I'm going to do all three but good luck.
I doubled down on calls today 😌
1. PFE stock performance is irrelevant to the progress of the vaccine.

2. There is no money in the vaccine. It’s good for everyone else.
Same, luckily I only lost 10% 🚫🌈🐻
Just hopped off, kinda lame without the zombies
Hang Seng is taking a dump
[deleted]
Imagine getting a fortune cookie out of your dogs ass
Look like you winning now
Overbought RSI (90) on the daily or don't even bother
[removed]
Puts on CHWY?
And you suggest shorting ASAP?
I would think pure O2 would be taking off with cpvid.
And taking profit
My boys. NLS has done me well. Time to cash out my 11/20 calls for some delicious 12/18s I’d like to quadruple my money in a month pls
Ask to borrow your wife’s boyfriends
Green by open then
and an oompa loompa
[deleted]
Interesting, do you say this because of the impending helium shortage?
IBKR 4 LIFE!
Show me your work.
Diff Eq for sure
and? people dying doesnt affect the market, in march it affected it cause we didnt know how bad it was, now we know
[removed]
I see 😙😉
You had one last week and Monday for bonus round.
Thx!
Are you even kidding me? If you can’t establish the most basic life goals you can’t even be listened to. Save your money. Pay your parents rent and come back when you have actual money. So fucking sick of these kids blowing thousands of dollars to seem to fit into a gang they don’t understand. Fuck off
Gay
Use the diarrhea as ground beef
Market retardation
So I can get responses like yours to reaffirm my bad decision 😂
You only need the intelligence of a 4 year old.
Either Yahoo and E-Trade are colluding to provide us with false data and take your tendies, or the option just took a few minutes to price because of low order volume. The stock itself trading on large volume doesn't imply that your specific option trades with high volume. They're two different products priced independently of each other.
[removed]
Totally justifies +40% on other garbage stocks. 🤡
Gamestop: Power to the gamblers.
Means you're not trying hard enough
Cash is trash. It’s just how things sold today is all. Was going for 80%. I’ll buy some more soon
I see your phone autocorrects Green Day to the band, too
News
I see green in your portfolio tomorrow 🧙‍♂️🔮
He won’t though. He gave 25 million toward safety for his workers and urged everyone else to donate as well. Lol
Take from the poors & give to the rich
Dark web
Explains why I keep losing
[deleted]
I’m sure one of you are gonna hit the jackpot...
glazer is a mix between a boomer and hipster.
eom and eoy
That'd work for me and let me load back up on a few leaps, so I pray for a dip tomorrow, at least enough so I can break even on these puts (I never buy puts lol)
what’s the purpose to anything?
Can we have W to 300, BABA to 300 and ZM to 500 by EO next week!? 

I don’t think that’s unreasonable to ask for! Is it!?
[deleted]
Welp look what happened
I think maybe end 2021. But a part of me thinks they will never get added
Before it was just share trades and loss/gain porn. Now that it's much bigger and have gone mainstream, it's for bigger players to manipulate retail traders into various stocks. 

I have no proof of any of this though.
oh lol true
By what time ape lord
Sad day when a meme dies.
Is there any possible way to invest in helium?

Maybe Air products and chemicals? or praxair?
I fucking hated him my whole life but in the last year he’s been super self deprecating in interviews and funny so he’s growing on me
Vxx yes. 12/18 22c
Nothing fishy, just haven’t gotten to that point in my education.
im 70% cash, 90% is gay
The NASDAQ-100 Technology Sector Index is an equal weighted index based on the securities of the NASDAQ-100 Index that are classified as Technology according to the Industry Classification Benchmark (ICB) classification system.
I don’t know much since I only landed here in august but I’ve heard it started because people wanted to make money on YOLO. They did real dd and shit. Now though ...
LOL idk i don't wanna be responsible if you end up losing thousands on my recommendation. i'm sure there are people here willing to give you their recommendations 😂
means you did it wrong i think
Who’s holding spy calls and who’s holding puts???
positions or ban then
Fatboy Slim is fucking in heaven.
Can we start a NIO’s anonymous for ppl who don’t know when to stop buying puts on this piece of shit
[deleted]
I like a woman who talks football
Don’t push me into a bigger rabbit hole. 🤯
To give hedge funds money
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SpliTTMark don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fuckin retard
XPEV ER beat
Whatever happens just need a massive tech day rally
[deleted]
All the NIO bulls here have clearly never been burned by China before and it shows
are they even selling cars yet ?
I don’t get it
E*TRADE was very slow for me today too. I use the pro platform and 3 times I couldn’t exit a trade for about 5 seconds which cost me $
Listen to how he called the Derrick Henry 99-yard TD run last year against Jacksonville..atrocious
A tanned euro
No
Risk management is the greatest element ever in trading. Not how to trade either
Tech has always been different tho, no?
Why did the Chinese EVs boom today what did I miss?
Yes
[Relax](https://www.betterhelp.com/start/?utm_source=Bing&utm_medium=Search_PPC_m&utm_term=anger+management_e&utm_content=3973876509&network=o&placement=&target=&matchtype=e&utm_campaign=262343649&ad_type=text&adposition=&msclkid=3b0fe8b4366b14f19471b719ebe0598b&not_found=1&gor=start-go) bud.
Age rating too high, IMO.
Gainz r gainz

Time for 🅱️ookers and 🅱️o🅱️aine
[deleted]
Calls on Charissa Thompson
Fact that you even took the time to comment about it is more than enough for me. Learn to read and have more factful evidence before starting an argument with strangers on the internet
Ban
[deleted]
McLaren 570s
Biden will reverse all this shit on day 1
What do u think the best 0dte to toss 30k in tomorrow would be?
NIO has mooned before earnings. Did XPEV do that.
yes, end of sep 2021
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Bought $420 worth of NIO today. Now up 6.9%

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt7by9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt7by9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/drakeshe, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
drakeshe
OverpricedBagel
I was going to say that's 90% of the reason I joined
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
been in since $6
Charissa Thompson >
Red day tomorrow for 2 hours of trading day at least
gov incentives go brrrrrrrrrr
All I gotta tell you is that the Nasdaq Composite trades at 4x sales, and that the S&P 500 trades at 2.6x sales
Can we stop using the words retards and autists?
guarantee they will be added in december
ahh okay was just wondering
[removed]
[deleted]
what’s a turk?
Don’t play that shit. 2k and fifa
This is just cruel. Leave the man alone
You’re back where you started?
Daddy’s money is the answer to that question
Switch to New Zealand time zone and you can play early
Fisker is not chinese therefore will not moon.
Ayy, thanks for the heads up
 Is it all gone? If so, just bite the bullet. Tell him and cut down consumption to get your 4K back.

If you still have it, sell your positions and go all in on GME. It’s trading at value now and will skyrocket before January.
Define soon
Whats the real purpose of wsb?
The things i would do to those shares 😖😖😖
Nio at open. Don’t touch till 1pm.
million dollar mullet
makes sense. thanks for the advice
[deleted]
I got SDOW puts
BitCorn!!!!!!!!!!
Possibly? Doubt it though and it wouldn’t nearly last the life cycle of the new consoles
So you’re ultra bullish by holding shares and selling puts. A gap down will absolutely crush you and possibly even trigger you to buy more shares. Let’s go!
Titans got it tonight
yeah i don’t feel bad about it anymore compared to the 2k gain on NIO today
Isn't a LEAP the antithesis of a YOLO play?
Weed is bad. CGC and GRWG only only 2 even decent weed stonks
Did you really not read my response to OP
You'd actually have 12 don't forget about your wife's boyfriend
Tell me more oh wise autist
catch me buying the dip at open tomorrow if it’s still even red. regardless loading up on shares for the long haul
Wait is there a sub 8 chromosome table? I am feeling left out, my mom said I get to play too.
but..but it's not
I made 1000$ today. If I could do this every day I would make a lot
No shit but everyone’s talking about the “great rotation out of tech” because of the vaccine
Small cap japanese stock. Buy and hold for a couple years with an alert for when it blows up. Look for bond yields to drastically effect the price of it.       

Edit: lmk when you fill your positions so I can buy leverage against myself... just in case
Slow down warren buffet... you're a market maker.
Iv will clobber put values. Can't be that expensive to buy on open

I think
You’re right, this doesn’t follow the typical buy high, sell low strategy... but I’m switching things up and trying a buy low, sell high approach. Wish me luck!
Touché, but let’s be honest, dropping $3300 on a 2018 Chinese EV ADR ain’t exactly riskless. On 2018 edition Robin Hood no less. YIKES!
Actually, rampant death and illness is not only still on the table, some states are doubling down.

Again, you're being rational.
Are you talking about wanting to buy options with a higher strike than $40?
lol no, and im a tesla bull
Weed dumped though, Chinese electric cars are gonna keep moonin
I sold my tdoc at open for a 25% gain. Prob should have gotten back in since it traded pretty flat today.
Until NIO hits 60 next week and drops to 50 after ER then moons to 70 11/27
Someone explain for us retards
Actually no. Up 2k for the week, I just want more. Would be nice to pull like 10k tomorrow and this could easily do it
$2b is what the US will pay them. It’s a drop in their
Bucket.
Not seeing it in print but they just said it on CNN, "Utah is out of ICU beds, none, zero"
What are you waiting for........ 200k daily cases?!?
I’m not even going. To read whatever improperly formatted bullshit you just wrote. Good day, retard.
How do you know if you are the bacterial vaginosis
Like david ackman
Gotta have some cardio bro
That was my play, sold some jan 15 calls I was holding to put into puts, then sell on the open dip after initial spike, then reenter with LEAPs with reduced IV. I think IV was 180% today
Well I know that but MJ only tracks them??
Aww how cute you have no points to make so you troll. Exactly what I’d expect from someone in denial that Orange lost 

I know it’s just Reddit. I tried to explain to you but you were too busy missing the larger point so bye.
VIX has an options chain. You either spread it or go naked. All cash settled.

Or you can sell options on VXX, UVXY, etc. which is made up of VIX futures. Make easy contango money.
Anyone else think TSLA will be added to the S&P500 soon?
Hey, cash gang it is. There with ya. Oh wait ... oh. Sorry man.
TSLA retards just converted to NIO retards

Can’t wait for the next trend
For a stock that trades $60MM in volume a day, you don’t think anyone traded at opening bell with the big news of Jack Ma, to the closest round number of $270? 

Just doesn’t sit right with me.
hahah RIP
Not 'loaded to the tits' but I'm resigned to watching mine get hammered tomorrow
:Lack of vertical integration means they'll never get to a quality product at profit.
When everything was down Monday only the retard strength of Robinhood was left standing. Check yourself.
No
States named North Dakota and Oklahoma. Market doesn't give a fuk about that.
I think its gonna launch out of the gates tomorrow. Lets see.
it's in its own world
Yee
🧅
ACB is a canadian company lol same for tilray
PLTR
Literally just do the exercises I listed then. 5x5
weed always goes down
😂
It’s Chinese. It’ll pump if it wants to
I wish I had that many kids. Plus his money.
Well done fellow stranger.
You trade 100k positions in otc stocks and small cap derivatives? Ok autist
[removed]
More time to day trade
I think he got alot of breaks because of his dad. I don't see him as a skilled broadcaster.
If spy can tank already that would be great.
$MU is no longer on Robinhood's top 100...
Still have the text I sent to a few buddies "check out this company, tesla of China, NEO" AT 1.50...
Anyone playing COD tonight?
I knew the Tiktok ban was not going to happen and that’s the reason I had a limit order on FSLY 90c leaps, but missed them by $0.2 😔😔😔
Fidelity gang
TDA fucked me almost as bad as Robinhood however charged me commissions on options so I got to say they’re both equally bad.
Does your dick fly off?
[deleted]
I need BA to die tomorrow
are you on a losing streak lately? because that sounds like a move i would consider if i was on tilt and filled with rage
Yeah. We made money and now we are on to chinese electric cars. Whats next?
Long. Cash isn’t going away; still a long shift to cards/electronic. Short term down and will return to long secular uptrend it’s been on for 5+ years
how exactly do you think that transaction works at expiry? does your counterparty just take your 2.5k?
U do taxes?
Sold tdoc this morning then bought more at close.
Yep. 90% of my holdings are etfs and mutual funds in my ira or 401k. The other 10% is this stupid YOLO shit. I get the same rush as when i play blackjack in vegas.
2019, Tesla’s first annual profit since 2003....
Charissa Thompson yes
That’s just not true
Well are ya winning son?
Cant wait to see the first gore videos featuring one of these bugs vs a semi
[Here](http://suicidehotline.org) you go Mr.Egg. It will all be ok. It’s just reddit. Breath in... breath out... repeat.
So pissed I didn’t buy it earlier in the year
Can't stop, won't stop, gamestop..... power to the players.....


*fuck time to reload robinhood to keep playing my favorite 🎮*
Well i guess yes. But you can loose more than 2.5k cause selling calls is like shorting shares. One could do but hope dated far enough to get that theta.
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-14 17:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-14%2017:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt4z8d/back_at_it_like_a_crack_addict_yolo_2_on_nio/gc3vny2/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt4z8d%2Fback_at_it_like_a_crack_addict_yolo_2_on_nio%2Fgc3vny2%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-14%2017%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt4z8d)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I use Webull and E*TRADE. Mostly just use Webull for the charts with an E*TRADE brokerage account amd checking account to get money in and out of the market quick
Is the way
You're not making any sense. You can have high dollar swings with any instrument regardless of market cap. What part of that do you not understand? Go back to paying more money to learn from your lover boy Tim Sykes.
[deleted]
I'm 330p. Hoping to pierce that. I'm being conservative. No where near march lows. Is $320 on the table? Sure. $300....crazy...but who knows.
How much risk? Low risk: HD earnings (sell before the earnings report), Medium Risk: BABA January Calls OTM by $15 or so, High Risk NIO Weeklies, Very High Risk Oh No Don't Do It DKNG 0DTE earnings Calls tomorrow.
When you lose $15K do you want to be on Benzos or Acid?
No he’s going to leave on his own. Especially since he’d consider making a run in 2024. And the secret service members who guard him are very loyal to him. Even the joint chiefs are on record saying they won’t have their people involved at all in this election.
I’ll be honest I enjoyed seeing actual DD here that didn’t just involve rocket ships. I don’t think 90% of the NIO folk have done any real DD about the stock. It just went up and it made them money. Which I’m cool with since that is what this sub is all about, just saying I enjoy a high functioning autist here every once in a while
Tesla is just in sleep mode bruv
On top of that I get that a PC can be speced out way better than an Xbox or PS5 but is it even possible to buy a keyboard, mouse, and PC that can play 4K 60 for $500?
Does anyone have any info on how weed stocks do in correlation to the rest of the market? Example if market is generally down, does Weed go up?
Go jerk off to frank medrano vids
Just want to work on my strength and get out of the house
“$17 x2 doses” so in short it is $17 per dose. Congrats you’re so fucking stupid you can’t do basic math.        

If I’m talking out of my ass, how did I know the price but you didn’t? You should go ahead and check their media announcements about vaccine distribution.        

If I’m a hindsight trader, perhaps you should check my comment history. Ive probably lost more money than your account is worth on 1 set of puts only to make it back off of a single swing trade.         

The spike actually wasn’t from vaccine news as much as you’d think. It was more from 2/5yr bonds rising by .10 basis points(.6-.7) which drove the cyclical market up. You should check out how the bond market effects the stock market. Why do you think EVERY biomedical stock peaked on Monday and not just Pfizer? Are you that fucking stupid? Oh wait, we’re sitting here having this conversation so you are obviously that retarded.       

Can you please explain the trading setup of your Pfizer calls? When did you buy/what price/how many and when did you sell/at what price/how many so I can double check the options charts on Webull to see if it did indeed happen? I have been charting Pfizer for a while waiting for the perfect setup, but haven’t found it. Sure Pfizer can go up, but don’t expect it to skyrocket unless every other cyclical is going up, in which case you would’ve made significantly more on oil, airline and banking as far as which cyclicals you should’ve invested in to maximize profits(their calls should get depleted too because of the upcoming split/merger).        

I’m not so smart I can spot insider trading. I use market insider, different black box and rumor mills, and news sources. I believe Pfizer’s specifically was a news source so I was technically later than the RICH people.        

I don’t pull up my comment history and point to specific posts because it is literally a mine full of gold. Check how many followers I’ve picked up in the past month, and that’s with a 1 month ban for calling the mods retarded fucking fags(ban was for a utility company and they thought I was promoting an otc company).          

I don’t tell people my strategies and such because then the banks know exactly what “average” investors like myself key in on. When we make money the banks lose money, that is something that is important to remember. I’ve had to change my investment strategy 2 different times since posting them on Reddit. I won’t post my 3rd strategy and see if this will last for a year or more. I’d be more than happy to tell people my strategies if they paid me and ensured that I got all credit for giving them guidance on their investment theory/plan. No point telling people exactly what to look for if I’m not going to get credit and they’re going to say it was all them(ive watched a currency trader lose money after I stopped giving them information because they were bragging about how good they are and refusing to give me credit).          

Also something to note: history has a tendency of repeating itself. The timeline you choose to study can greatly effect your investment strategies because almost everything works on a swing when markets are functioning “normally.” Such is the adage of “stock market always goes up.” If you can choose the right week/month/year/set of 4 years to follow you will figure out a pattern tendency. The market “correction” already happened and is in the middle of happening. The rotations to cyclical and back to tech have to be completed before the economy will tank.      

If you’re all in on Pfizer, good luck on limited gains boomer cause I believe dividends have already been paid out for this q.
No money in Vaccine
Petition to make Baba great again. Free Jack Ma
Intrinsic value of NIO is $69, it’s still 40% undervalued. Take advantage now and buy NIO for cheap
!RemindMe tomorrow 9am pst
NIO
im seeing 48.95-49.01 close on diff platforms. hopefully these print
I sent this meme to my dad 😂
Really?
Already bought puts which increased in price despite some minor upside movement on the stock. This is the top lol
:)
Literally no one has ever said they like him. Its impressive.
Just dont lol. You seem like someone thats tilting from a bad loss
Fauci said probably before the end of next week
Explain? If you aren’t 18 or under and you live with your parents and you think WSB should listen to anything you have to say? Get bent.
*"*To Ben Wizner, the director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s  Speech, Privacy and Technology project, Palantir’s business model is  predicated on an assumption that its clients should have “legitimate  access to every detail of our lives,” and the company’s software is a  mechanism by which the government can keep an ever closer watch on us."
Hence the badge pic lol my old Cayenne looks just as rad at the same angle lol
Not at all. All the big players will have equal or better EV’s in the near future
I’m scared

Edit: sike
Especially with options^^ maybe could work with stocks
Fuckin ignore me bro I was looking at the wrong day.

Still, these options routinely take a few minutes to price in the morning. None of the opening trades take place at 9:30 on the dot, usually 9:31 or 9:32.

I'm retarded for looking at the wrong date, but it still proves my point that no contracts traded for that first minute. I really don't think your broker fucked you.
I'd imagine it would also be huge for the last mile industry like food/parcel delivery in cities.
Anyone else buy puts on the stocks that were on the Trump ban?

My puts for CHL are about to *print* tomorrow
well no because if nobody has it for 5-6 months then it won’t just reappear after.
The rule is generally 10% of capital per asset but depends on the size of your balls
Perhaps in 3rd world countries, but hell man. They sure picked the wrong country to start. Imagine running into a 1500lb moose on one of these things.
Fight me bitch
My CNK calls are horny for it. They expire 4 months out but just watching them bleed these last few days have been a little demoralizing
You see I like to look at it as the sports market.
Phillip Rivers can set up an 11 man offense with his family and run plays in his back yard
[deleted]
I’d love to hear them if you don’t mind. What’s disturbing me honestly is one apples obviously overvalued, but for the last two weeks there’s been a sell side imbalance on Apple. There’s been one million more shares to the sell side then to the buy for weeks.
No shit man, and I’m hooked
[removed]
Oooof
Is MJ only tracking Canadian weed and I didn’t know it lol?
Yea u belong here
I don’t like the after hours being green this early. Usually we are red right now, I say green by open. So, red by open.
That was legit frightening
ToS crashes at times but good for Lotto trading. Only down side is commission.
Okay, so... this is getting old.
[deleted]
I learned this tolerance trading shitcoin
And an all ev mandate by 2035.
Oh okay good it’s not a good time for calla
Buy SPY when it dips. You won’t regret it.  Or start selling SPY puts
Have you been doing 50% for over 6months, are you in the green? Curious to know, my thoughts are that 50% per trade is not profitably sustainable for a long period
Ma is tough tho :(
Like the father of Gods?
Anyone else’s boss joke about firing them today? That’s gotta be next level job safety or maybe....
it’s litty
So you have all that money but your quotes are delayed? 🤔
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Aaliyah- All N My Grill (Mis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90zIqliA7hk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90zIqliA7hk)⠀►►⠀ 3:10 / 4:45 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
This was a good short a few days ago. Don’t think it’s a long for long
Expecting march lows or a regular dip?
Money is money, dont get it twisted.
Holy fuck you don't know how to read and I'm honestly not surprised. Just because the mortality risk is low doesn't mean it isn't an issue and a health concern for the general public. To your contrary statement, the mortality rate is actually significantly higher for older people compared to younger people. So yes, even though it is low in a general population sense, it is VERY HIGH for people 60+ who we are putting at risk. And guess what buddy? We wouldn't even have to worry about lockdowns right now if people like you just wore your damn masks in the first place. Jesus
States really don't want to do that since they know no help is coming in the form of stimulus but it does seem inevitable based on the trajectory. 10%+ positivity is bad news and it doesn't seem to be plateauing either
It closed at $48.80, I'm hoping that's close enough for people to believe it'll break $50
It’s fucking lit
Another retard on here said it count go tits up back in November and I trusted him. Wish I could find him. I’d send him $100.
Fsr hasn’t run yet
In vix calls low 20s was the play if you saw so much uncertainty
Remember a week ago when everyone was buying weed stocks lol
Alexa play all n my grill by Aaliyah
yes 


edit) on a serious note, no.
Wrong sub
At a Grateful Dead concert
[deleted]
Pass that peace pipe
Why would you sell shares?
Outside of GM, the rest are growth stocks...and 2/3 have products considered universally good.

Only risky one was NIO but the rest?
Any broker recs? RH is trash. I hear TDA is subpar but ToS seems good
Turns out botox wasn't the father.
Mind Medicine
pton yolo ftw
This is not investing, literally the same Rush as sports betting
Bullish

**California becomes the second US state to top 1 million Covid-19 cases, after Texas**
Call me ignorant.... Are there any orphanage Left in America?
electric tank calls bro
Bro just gimme ur money if you hate it that much
They are a Canadian company? Are they expanding to China and US and Europe?
[deleted]
time to yolo the q’s
Who expects/needs to buy a home in their 20’s though?
Consider theta plays if you are neutral
Jesus lol
Kitty won’t be homeless for long, as he will have to eat it due to starvation.
so when do you think we should exit? I bought 200 shares at $40
Ford and FCA yes. GM and Toyota no they have a lot of plans for EVs.
Spy $400c, far into next year
This is how the stonks work.
At least wait for the top
Gayman sackless might be right on this.
Anyone know how to watch individual stocks on the Shanghai/Shenzhen?
Where is your hot dog cart?
If everything settles down before then and there’s a lot of press about it being uncertain then I think markets will get shaky. But in all likelihood the republicans have both in the bag. Biden barely won Georgia which means folks worked their asses off to turn out the vote. They won’t have nearly that kind of turnout for a senatorial runoff. No way either flips. 

If there is a volatility run up, vix puts for after the election is one logical theory.
Goose island?
Its that 0.094 share that really does it.
Treasury bonds
I love you.
find a smelly white dude with dreads
yes i’m a pussy and risk 1/10 cause i’m a gay retard who doesn’t know anything
You have legit sources to back these claims? 

Buzz feed doesn’t count.
Vix low 20s is free money. 5x my calls.. even tho they are 40c dated for Dec. Lol
Large oof. Will survive, still up big. Holding out
Sell an ATM straddle 15 minutes after the cash market open.
says the guy downloading fortnite onto his new psxbox
I started options in order to build enough to have a down payment haha
I could see a dip to 320 again. Not sure it'll go much lower given the vaccine news and businesses still going pretty strong
Well I mean I can’t brag about my current positions....
[deleted]
Y calls on gush for winter
Kitty’s boyfriend owns the house
Bull and bear both fuk by theta gang
They'll break and you'll get assigned. Deep OTM calls or puts are going to hit, risk is worse on the calls.
LOL WHAT? deadlift is so different from squat wtf are you saying. Pushups are good but like you just fucking said, 6 sets of 50. Why the fuck would I wanna do 300 push ups lmfao
I mean, maybe he can make a quick buck off all the other idiots that can't read and think its bad news for Chinese EVs and sell at open before realizing
What happened to Maury Povich’s face?
Retard, the Chinese ev companies are still growing... of course they aren’t going to be profitable yet
Easier to understand it all when you grow up with it. I would know.
DDOG
[deleted]
Your autism shows not only by these picks but the fact you thought this post belongs here
WhT originally made you buy NIO??
Lol why is maury on the fox pregame?
run from this place
putin gang?

ew u europoor
Thats a tough trade considering wsb retards keep pumping the stock. Goodluck
[deleted]
What’s the new wave now tho?
Bro this song is the shit. Drop that beat mayne!
Didnt u hear China has a middle class twice the size of America’s population!!!!
[Alexa play all n my grill by Aaliyah](https://i.imgur.com/hbxiDsC.jpg)
Lol just saw [this headline.](https://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/coronavirus-vaccine-topple-stock-market-domination-big-tech.amp) Bottom’s in boys
[deleted]
Just a little warm up
$100k in cash and I don't know what to buy
Yeah really
I drive by their HQ often. They still have people going to work. But I actually have no idea about them or their long term prospects. I met someone that worked there whose sole job was finding ways to save money - that was over a year ago.
Might as well pull out
Not really... these are domestic transactions.
XPEV only gave .77 back in AH? Bullish
I usually sit around 50% so 20% sounds great
Right, I just mean I've seen a few people warning about gamma squeezes and such. I was wondering if there were similar posts during the Tesla run-up.
Another gay stock trade
bruh y? Nio calls all the way, loading up more calls tmr and letting it smash earnings
Pc gamers are nerds and console gamers are chads.
My cvs calls hope so
Do you want your kitty to be homeless?
Why? They’re almost like $50
Depends where you are but there are a lot of websites that sell them openly just google.
Sorry dude sarcasm
It’s more like would have to get up at 5 to work
I did as well. It ran up 40% today. What earnings could possibly make it moon more. They aren't even expected to be profitable for years.
Cash gang
It's so bad that I'm fascinated and drawn to it, like a drunk looking over a cliff.
Lol nio puts make too much sense. So calls!!
Better question is why is Joe buck still employed?
... Don't lose money? Correct. It sits in my bank. Nice and perty.
Nothing to refund aside from my $35 yearly maintenance fee.  Check my original post, I edited with an update.
That’s all you have.  420 x 420 is immaterial
something something greedy something something fearful
albert hoffman
my guy i'm a little slow please understand
Holy trinity NIO XPEV and LI after hours close was bullish af
Beating earnings is not what to look for in this. Beating growth expectations, revenue and a good guidance is what you want to see. Xpeng didn’t even beat EPS but their growth was so massive that people saw it as the future. If Li destroyes growth expectations which I haven’t done much research on them then yes NIO will moon with them
Well yeah it’s a pure gamble but 50/50 odds aren’t bad
I only do it for rush and tendies my man. Degenerate training 101
I’m sure that’s why Pfizer stock has been booming
I'm a large shareholder and obviously pretty deep into them, I get slightly different privileges
He's got the interest that usually comes along with shorting stocks that he's gotta accountnfor too, so he's not just at a loss (if he were to buy back right now) on the difference in stock price but that plus the interest he owes on whatever the time scale is
I don't think they have many charging stations in iraq
Completely agree, but, one thing that make me hesitate is the potential additional momentum from people waiting to buy the dip on it, we just have to hope the buyers side have mostly been exhausted and there is only little buying power left to attempt to pick up the dip and actually end up catching the knife. Plan on buying puts tmr as well.
He’s a breast cancer survivor
Look at the guy humble bragging about friends. Pshh.
Send it to bron
Brutal. I stopped buying puts in April. Too much retard strength.
its gonna get to the point where mandatory lockdowns are all thats left
Yep. Think same deal as spx
That’s great news! Congratulations. Keep it up man!!
$280 spy calls? Sounds like they made bank.
It traded over 9.0 this morning when it first opened.
bruh how LOL
That’s on Monday. Tomorrow is flat
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fucking PLTR opens and its up big time, now negative, congrats and fuck you to whoever took their profit
I made $10K on RKT. Would have been $30K if I sold near $35...when I had a limit set on that, but, then removed it...fuck.
Hey, newbie here. What should I do. I'm interested, calls for nov 20 or later out?
Market wants to dump so fucking bad but also doesn't want to not hold anything when PFE announces approval next week
Goose all day
My ex gf got vaginosis and I had to take antibiotics for a couple of days cause she gave it to me. I didn't feel sick at all tho.
Contact them directly for a quote
We're gonna get more vaccine news by EOM
Thats my leaning, I am new to options and too often I pick right, then I hold and it drops back down and screws me, think I will sell early if i am ITM, which if the aftermarket activity holds, I already am.
I know what was that
I guess you wsb guys managed to short this
I just exited.
If you can’t deadlift right you certainly can’t squat right. Stupid logic. 
Bench does minimal for overall body fitness and is great for potential Injuries. You’re an idiot if you don’t think push-ups cant get your strong AF AND give you endurance. Mix up the angles and distances and do 6 sets of 50 and tell me that’s not harder and more efficient than 5 x 5. You see plenty of strong MFers that strictly do calisthenics.
I actually closed out a while back at 200% because I didn’t want to get greedy and was happy! Good luck!
Moncler easy
I like turtles
What’s the price point? I couldn’t find anything on the website
When’s Elon gonna announce that TSLA signed a contract to start making cyber trucks for the military?
sounds like a gambler on tilt 😂
sub 3400 id go short.

weekly closes at ATH not a good short.
Both, NIO luxury, Xpeng has cheaper cars

LI IS A NO NO, there’s cars are so slow they can’t even go on the freeway in north america
You're being rational. The market will not go down until either:

1) businesses close 

2) businesses bankrupt
Why not? Fortune favors the retarded.
Futes mooning bers R fuk. 

Damn looks like I might have to see a doctor about my bacterial vaginosis
👏 💸💸
[deleted]
Moncler
bear fur
I did
Why is Joe Buck wearing a pink coat?
Had my first Green Day in two months
how many slavic autists on this forum? like those who work construction, mechanic, plumbing type of work. Rise up putin gang!
[deleted]
[deleted]
scared money don't
I dont know but I want to tongue punch her fart-box.
Sec.report
Exactly, appl was my go to, now aapl is so high i just cant make sense of it anymore
Alright I’m gonna toss 30k into a 0dte tomorrow. Maybe spy calls at open? I’ll pull out if I start losing several grand. Basically a coin flip but I’ll take those odds
Where can I find some good Shrooms or LSD?
Guys is trading with 1/5 of account per trade good enough risk management?
Galaxy Brain
Hope you got it from gamestop
Who is Cash Gang? 

Spent all day moving to cash gang today. Was 80% long. 20% cash.

Now i'm 90% cash. 10% short.
Xi wants Ma to suck his baba bigly, and all will be forgiven and Xi will open the pumpgates once more
I was on a brokerage desk and talked people out of buying coins for all of 2013. I still wonder if I’m on any hitlists.
Yes to all of that.
[deleted]
Anyone else loaded to the tits with NIO puts tomorrow and kinda nervous
I made more than that with spy puts in 3 hours.
[deleted]
Asking the hard questions, but both brands scream image obsessed.
Anyone anticipate volatility around the results of the senate runoffs?
Already in on DIS
Puts it is.
[deleted]
Yes
Gay?

Edit: Gay
That is cool as fuck. But I'm buying puts because of the music
Damn dawg BA the next hertz, who would thunk
Yolo 15k on 0DTE LI calls
Just one of my 420 positions. I showed your mom some the other night
Yes
can someone post loss porn of them shorting nio? thanks
And game pass fr
there are states with literally zero ICU beds left. think it's covid bear time again
[deleted]
P s 5
Yes. Senate run offs in Georgia. Have fun!
...PS5?
[deleted]
they give me organic growth in my pants 🍆
Anybody thinking of going in on Disney or Inmode?
Do you guys fuck with vxx calls or uvxy now that tvix gone
Someone collected 2.5 mil in premium on NIO today.

[https://i.imgur.com/BIrVAsA.png](https://i.imgur.com/BIrVAsA.png)

Assuming it's covered, nice to lock in 55$ a share on 4500 shares after year end (new tax year where they can spend the remainder of 2021 harvesting losses to offset the massive cap gains)  


...oh and get paid 2.5 million to do it.
good for you, keep it up
Tab if Mushrooms with a sprinkle of lsd
Oh fuck this joke is not goin well
I think you mean long shares and sell calls. But looking back in time the ROI is higher on just holding the shares. When stocks move up it has a tendency to be in big chunks rather than a little bit every day, week, or month. It is *safer* than just owning shares, and can make sense if you want to invest in a company that is riskier than your ordinary risk tolerance. But over time you shouldn't expect it to be more profitable than just the shares.
We get NIO earrings on Monday
Congrats retard
fuck benzos.
Clever. 

Rude, but very clever.
Moncler or Goose ?
From the article you linked everything you're saying doesn't line up. You just sound like someone that lost money on PLTR.

Where do you see a "crap ton" of shares sold before public debut? You want to quantify that or quietly fuck off? Your own article makes a point against that.

>It was often difficult for employees to convert their vested options into cash when the company was private. But once Palantir went public, it was much easier to cash out.

&#x200B;

And the 50.8 million shares noted in your own fucking article were sold after the listing

>Palantir's insiders have sold 50.8 million shares, worth about $470 million today, since its public debut.   
>  
>Palantir's initial insider sales of 50.8 million shares, or about 3% of its outstanding shares, doesn't seem that significant. 

&#x200B;

Damn dude, how much did you lose? Really got a butthurt vibe goin for this stock. Your all over every daily thread.. lol
Covid, election, Mango not conceding... Too many volitile factors make me happy to be cash gang for now.
hello is it still possible to vote in the us elections
I would like a big green day or a big red day tomorrow.
I can't believe he's 62 years old. He's an actual boomer.
Lol, just looking jnto SSSS now. What’s up with the decreasing earnings? But looks like a nice cup base just formed. You think this could move?
Rip to all the spy $280 calls that expire this month.
Who the eff is this dude singing the TNF theme? Fucking cringe
Thanks for the blueprint hehehe
NIO is going to $2000 by Friday
Anyone know why Sony is  up $2 after hours?
The us economy*
When is 10-K released
**** me, the one thing in my portfolio that would’ve been positive today
Yea but two weeks later they are back to 0
Fuck all that
Im so broke i can only afford one nio stock lmao
Sold one call for 58% ($146) and holding one, currently at 92% ($229)
I hope it’s in $ZM because college is online until fall 2021 at least
Having to say this shows ur in denial you shouldn’t have to prove anything to anyone if you truly knew that what you were doing was good for you
Palantir is EVIL

[https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/10/21/magazine/palantir-alex-karp.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/10/21/magazine/palantir-alex-karp.html)

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/palantir-peter-thiel-public-prospectus-nyse-ice/
Not sure if sarcastic or not, Jim Cramer actually seems like a smart guy given his credentials, even though he might seem goofy as fuck
lmao oh man fuck them. hope you get refunded
it wasn’t hard because you can look at fundamentals and then determine whether to trade with mania or not, now you have no fucking clue
Literally the calls back then were not that much like 50$ for 10% otm not like today where it’s 200$
New to this don't hate, currently the highest options on Li are $40, if necessary and it pumps does that update instantly or can it get glitchy and screw you if things pump and you want to sell.

Basically asking if it becomes like trying to use robinhood on a busy day
Why would you need srategy? Stonks only go up.
I just watched that TNF intro and gots AIDS, AMA
Get em boys yeeeeehawww
you and this post are stupid and gay
Is holding til a week or two out from expiry just as dumb? 

I honestly can’t decide what to do with my 1/15/21 30C’s for NIO with earnings coming next week but then NIO day around my expiry.

I believe it will hit 70 EOY but I don’t know if theta will have eaten so much by then that it would have been the same profits if I sold at say 60 next week (if earnings pump it to that)
Yeah. Mostly have warrants left. Sold my shares the other day at ~$15.15
[deleted]
Dang a legit reply thanks. I thought it was a running joke to ask where to view them
So y’all just think GM, Ford, Dodge, Toyota are just gonna disappear and Elon and NIO are gonna take over and the whole world is gonna clap with free money for everyone?
420 Contracts? Or are you posting about your four hundred and twenty dollar investment?  If so;  fuck you for wasting space on the internet t
Nice
You just wake up and you have money or don’t lmao
i'll probably start cashing some out in December
It's worse than PRPL
I’ve been IV crushed so many times from ER I’m scared to even buy puts even though I KNOW it’s going to dive after ER
I have half a mind to YOLO 5K in PLTR 2022 leaps 😶
This and it’s a long hold for me. They have so many opportunities and cornering the market. Morgan Stanley just put it on their buy list. It’ll be 50ish next next year
Covid
It’s fucking better
NIO doesn't sell gardening tools
oh wow thats super interesting! i didn't think about that. do you have any idea how much options winnings get taxed?
Its not too late. Theres Li Auto - the new Nio
yeah I'm just in shares rn and might buy some leaps, the china EV tickers are too volatile for me to buy anything short dated. I'd probably sell those calls tomorrow if I were you, could be some moderate profit taking early next week
Alright now the limit down can begin
Sound beamer is weird af yo
Hey, I just lost about what you're going to put in on it's dump on my calls. Recent China history showed that Ant IPO was going to be the biggest IPO in the history of the world until they stopped it dead in it's tracks with less than a week to go, and zero notice, and Jack Ma hasn't said much since he sat down with them. Stock price fell from 308 range to 252. Also China history has several occurrences of people like Jack Ma being ousted from their companies, imprisoned or falling from the public eye and state approved people taking over. Is it likely they do that to him? Probably not. But he's bought and sold a lot of politicians and they are not keen on his recent chatty behavior and criticisms. The fact they can full stop things like BABA if they want to  ... well here we are. That said, I'm long BABA and am considering leaps when market finds it's new bottom.
I bought NIO puts you're all welcome.
When did I give investment advice? I asked a question. <3
Life really isn't fair. I have a small dick, am ugly, stupid, and suck ass at trading options. You'd think I could get at least 1 of the 4.
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/b2hczl/daily_discussion_thread_march_18_2019/eit0w2r/)*
Fake and so gay!
College is a scam. I should've just YOLO'd my student loans
[deleted]
[deleted]
Li might beat them if they report moon lvl earnings.
test launch sometime between the 19-22 of this month, i believe.
Fruit stripe gum
Spy 400 c Jun ‘21
[removed]
Look through my posts to see the history of my calls lol but yeah I yolod it all 15k when NIO was at 20 and broke out to 25k I held those contracts for 9 days I think and the theta killed my contracts so much I was down to 5k or something but owned like 200 contracts at 22 when it was at 20 so went from 5k to 57k then yeah
NIO closes at 49.02 and will open at 52.23.
Ya, I don’t have personal experience to speak from. Just seeing the constant negative headlines over the years and feel like I see lots of people with bad experiences. If you’re happy that’s really all that matters!
I mean you ignored the entire point once again to nitpick what was obviously a typo

It’s just a waste of time.

You’re right. Orange man has fantastic odds and they don’t get worse as his closest allies abandon him and tell him it’s over (Melania, Jared, Pence, Rove) and he loses dozens of desperate court cases. You too can donate now to support the cause and the fine print says 50% will go to the recount lawsuits and the other half will go to... his debts LOL
Tell me more.
CHYNA
shut up chode
Same
I’m up 150k this year
Guhhh. 2023 contracts going to be on some Tesla shit. Haven't sold a single one.
Earnings didn't justify the $15 valuation IMO
Imagine thinking everyone loses money, speak for yourself
I did lsd 3 days ago and bought a bunch of random ass puts at 945 am realized it at 2 am and posted here about my retardation
Mr Ma pls kindly Jack off Xi for the sake of ur BABA. Blow a bit if u have to. Pls.
That's money metamorphosis right there
I mean if you’re trying to body build you need to do multiple exercises for multiple body parts. But the 4 I listed hit all general muscle groups and you’ll be strong and decent looking
Probably about that. But sometimes he has to stick his fingers up people’s butts. Or have someone die while he’s trying to bring them back to life then tell some family they lost their dad. So y’know.
If you turn your phone upside down it still goes up.
don't hold options over earnings.  please, if ur really bullish hold shares then buy calls at open/next day to catch drift and lower IV.
At that point, not much. A week later VIX dropped and slaughtered the bears, which at the time included myself.
That’s more like it
Whats making u say that
You ain’t seen nothing yet NIO is going to surpass the ZM bubble
and then say you don’t give investment advice?
Anybody playing FSR?
Oh GME.... look how they’ve massacred my boy....


NIO is next if WSB doesn’t chill the fuck out
[removed]
I’m getting more of this tomorrow. Strong buy. Just opened more retail locations. Barely cracked the surface.
Xbox will always be better because my friends play Xbox
[deleted]
Torn on this comment as it is a great take, but as such, has no place here....
You just posted the reasons to be bullish
I preordered today
[deleted]
Hospitals are full and covid cases skyrocketing.
Did you just give investment advice,
People really aren't joking around when they say we're retarded around here.
Your bathroom is going to have a helipad?
link or ban
Any reputable brokerage will have it as a ticker option. If you have RH you can use this site. 

https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-500-futures
Why does this feel like a dig about Dan Gilbert and the RKT gang
I regret everything. I kept denying the power of the meme and still broke because of it.
Music to my ears!
Ban
Happy endings only at massage parlors and insider trading
Same, bought 1 ZM call today coz im poor
[removed]
Buy shares in 100 lots 

Sell options to make small profit

Use profits to gamble on options

Use options profits to buy more stock
You need to have a vagina first
[deleted]
[removed]
Or it stays in its range like it has been since Monday morning lol. Could very easily break out next week to new ATH
ol frank would say thats life.

Def take that acid tho
Or it could be an epic IV crush. Let’s find out!
Does it smell like fish?

No, seriously, google "Whiff test"
what news.....
Short squeeze is on
I bought at $33 and was waiting for the drop to buy more. It did not drop.
lol
Biden bump?
Lmk how it goes for ya
???
It’s gambling dude, the excitement of “this next one will be it” has taken over the lives of humans since the beginning of time
typical 🌈🐻...  cant read earnings reports.
I forgot to mention but this chart does not show the 4500 of gains I've taken out after successful trades.
Still holding 12/18 calls that are fucked.  Sold my shares yesterday.  The company is great but I don’t want to hold a mortgage company long term.
Nice
Mods please ban this guy.
It’s like you really hate real money.
CASH OUT and enjoy yourself
No way! It works 😲
Velcro
Damn not even my real friends say this. WSB is truly home.🥲
I went ahead and bought puts on a chinese EV car manufacturer today around the top. I guess I should just prepare to die. I know you lurkers in here are with me.
🤦🏽‍♂️clicking and swiping faster than i was thinking
need a 5% day on amazon and tesla to break even lets get some bread


im so fuk
this ticker COVID looking like it just broke through resistance.
“Centrist statist”. 

My man. 

I too am looking for a GEX induced rocket ride.
5 dried grams of shrooms + silent darnkess
Trading options on /ES with td ameritrade
Drill you fucking little bitch
Td ameritrade
I mean they’re garbage, but banning DD is 1st degree tendie robbery
[deleted]
Nope not in denial, I've already accepted I've lost it, so any sweet gainzzz will be a blessing
Heat Transfer was rough. I had to study a lot to pass that course. Professor was mostly a graduate/doctoral teacher so he did not go easy on anyone. Also had to take Fluids twice. Just didn’t click with me the first time around. Second time was fine.
Shilling happens on the way down genius
If it holds flat for most of the morning I bet it will rise because people will realize a further sell off isn't coming.

All just guesses though.
Where do you see futures?
They mentioned AMZN tie ins and also how they improved analytics for many clients and they never lose customers because others can't do what they do right now
I can promise you we’re ending red
NIO earnings is going to be the biggest sell the earnings event of the season. it's all priced in and then some. there is nothing they can say to drive additional momentum. and for this reason i'm buying puts.
Can someone make one for palantir?
Bro what. Deadlift is bad for some people. “bUt iF yOu dO iT rIgHt”. Still, no.

Bench and rows are waaaaaay better than push ups/ pull-ups. You’re just gonna keep increasing reps once you get strong? Can’t increase the weight. Brb gonna do 25 fucking pushups a set eventually instead of 5 reps of bench
something something market, something something longer than you
[removed]
Fuck off
What’s a good number of sprints to aim for? Quarter mile might be too far but I want to do HIIT and just sprint til exhaustion
Think stay at home stocks will pick back up here. Loaded up on TDOC calls today.
Nice 👌🏻
CHADSDAQ
Ok fine, it’ll only go to 98
NIO has bailed me out hard when I bought the dips but I’m tired of hearing about Nio, this is how this sub destroys good runs
Is it to late to hop on the rocket to the moon?
Ya know what this whole thread is enuf DD, going back into CRSR fuck it.
[deleted]
Bro do you even fibonacci extension?
yeah, worst thing one can do is buying into the hype or fear mongering, since one usually is too late for buying in or selling off anyways.
Only when conservatives do it... duh
[removed]
Wonder who brings all that product to the store. Damn
Ik 🤦🏽‍♂️thought it was a good day trade play but I gotta go back to the huddle...and to think I’ve made over 12000 this year swinging this stock
How
Is there any way to check when the “pre-planned” sale of CEO shares will occur? I’m thinking The shady companies will drop fake news that bumps the stock price up the day before.
I feel like this market is being held together by glue and duct tape
If you say futures mooning at .01% or if you say futures dumping at -.01%
So how are my SDOW calls looking for tomorrow?
Mushrooms. I had taken LSD approximately 7 times before I had tried mushrooms. After I had taken shrooms, I don’t have much desire to ever take LSD again. But I sure as hell will continue having a heroic dose of mushrooms 2-3 times a year.
I dunno, I bought 10 35c when it was at about 30 right near close.  expires next week sometime, I think Friday,  but I plan on selling in the morning pretty early if I am ITM, which I am, albeit afterhours.

Are you in it yourself? plan?
>Stock goes -20%.

“I’ve seen worse.” 😭😭
Nice stonks
Did they really make Sarah Eisen leave her house for that Shop n Stop segment?
Lmao NKE credit spread? Tell me what that’s all about
Lol easy money my guy! Hopefully you made some bread
This
I don't know actually... I've never made any money before.
I'm tempted but don't want to do it here. May wait until after earnings.
Nice I’m 2500 shares also not a boomer in at 3 4. 5 10 12 27MTexas need a second wife
Can’t get EV with a stick
The e roadster 👍🏼
$DIS puts
His head is bald and shiny, like NIO aerodynamics
Microdosing on LSD.
where do you trade futures
r/stocks: buying VOO only is the smart play, make 5% a year and compound that interest 

r/wallstreetbets: duhhhh me think NIO go to 100 because go up already lots why no more up?

Let's meet in the middle somewhere.
But where is the register that holds the data in the register that holds the data in the register that holds the data in the register that hoods the data in the CPU
as a pc gamer lol @ ps5 and xbox excitement
He'll lose it. He has such a hard on for making easy money now he'll gamble it all on msft 4/17 200c's and lose it all
They aren’t just like my profits
Just like Instagram Fitness influencers 😉
Winter is coming, GUSH and XLE calls.
I’m in it too. Bought them at the +13% mark today

Just can’t believe it won’t have a bit of sell the news
Pretty sure AMZN, AAPL, MSFT and FB make up 80% of SPY market cap so yeah idfk
Also the corporate debt market isn’t showing a lot of liquidity either
DKNG earnings on Friday right before weeklies expire is the most degenerate thing ever. Very on brand
Shrooms don't last as long and don't get you all wired, but LSD is definitely more upbeat assuming you can handle your shit, and get real LSD and not 25i or some other shitty designer.
11/20 $36P
E*TRADE was working fine
[deleted]
Sir, this is  a crsr thread. But thank fuck NIO has saved me from some of the losses.
There’s a lot of big dick energy around EV companies. I wouldn’t be so sure of it. XPEV barely beat numbers today and mooned. Based on analysis NIO should beat goals more than XPEV on their earning day
[deleted]
which level of degree? bachelors EE here. hardest for me in undergrad was calc 2, but i didnt take any math classes prior for 4 years. 

grad level hardest class so far is statistics/random process because its more math (mostly linear algebra)
Differential Equations.
My 8k tuition taught me a lot. Don’t watch your account drain in hopes of getting it back.
I've been banking with them since 2003 and have literally never had a problem.  They even hold my Mortgage.  They probably treat me decently due to assets and amount of accounts I have with them.  It's gotta be tough being a mega-bank and dealing with every minimum wage earner who doesn't understand why they have to pay an overdraft fee.  
I wouldn't even say what I'm dealing with right now is a "problem" it's just a change in bank policy.  The way they decided to roll it out was poorly planned, however.
Tank by morning.
They make the light up sketchers of the PC hardware industry
SSSS owns 4.6 million restricted shares of PLTR and can’t sell until 3 days after the 10-K is released.
[deleted]
right there with you retard❤️
Bonds don’t look too strong here. Ten year yield although very much up is down considerably this week.
Not a waste when you are making easy money off futures
[removed]
It needs to go the other direction
But seriously just join a regular gym and focus on those 4 core exercises. I think in past I’ve always just done a bunch of different machines thinking more is better
Hoping for a sell off in the AM so my 11/27 puts print, then I can go long on some calls.
Your in denial man, remember this is time and effort your using. Your not helping yourself by doing this and you know it.
I got a straddle so better do something.
I'll save this to check if I should follow or inverse you in future
It’s gonna drop. Can’t go vertical forwver
Better set taxes aside before years end. If you lose it all in Jan Uncle Sam gives no fucks and wants his taste
organic growth
nioinvestorclub
If we go down we go down together
Yes. This is the way. We all will wear the same sneakers. Don't worry about the kool-aid (it only smells like cyanide). It's going to be a great cul-   city of wsbetters.
Following the theme...XPEV
Futures will fluctuate all night what a wasteeeee of timeeeee
Then you are not a perma bull lmao
Thats all folks face ass 😂
Please dont assume communists dont eat ass tacos
fake AND gay😚🌈
Shrooms
[deleted]
[deleted]
imagine thinking people giving DD are high level people lol 

they are just normal mofos with higher iq than most of us imo
Ride the waves. It’s calls until I see bonds or dollar freak out. Spy 370 by the end of the year easily.
The reach bitch is the people that die because they couldn’t get treated in the er after a car accident cuz there’s so much COVID
Money green futures.
I want to get PLTR leaps but I’m too broke right now
Shitaki
That’s exactly what’s going to happen
I hope not I sold calls. I also sold puts, but I'd rather own some than for it to blast tomorrow.
🤔
Xpeng cars way better, LI cars slow af, would never make it in the USA market..
Bought some /ES puts at close and already up 25%. Probably holding till the dump at 3am and selling.
I can relate
A top notch whore. Or 180 not so top notch whores.
Damn I remember seeing Farfetch at like $8 in March and thought it had potential but I didn’t do anything because that’s when I started trading and didn’t know shit.
Since when is Corsair a memestock ya kook
Goes to show you people follow money not loyalty to ones country. Bunch of traitors
[Anybody think of that boring ass screenplay from Rick and Morty?](https://youtu.be/Y2xag7aYt-0)
My brother played saxophone for most of his life and took that class. He said it was hard as hell lol
That drop is fire.fkkkkkk Now I can add some other eclectic music genre to my already autistic selection.
You don’t pay taxes on losses
You at 10:30 - what even is money bro?
Fucking scratchers. I’ve bought 10-20 $25 scratch offs and have never won. Fucking rigged.
No bears r
Ok boomer
Ready for these  1/15 $50 calls to take off!
[deleted]
PLTR shares and covered calls
[deleted]
underrated comment
Mushrooms or LSD?
Frantically downvoting bills r fuk comments like I just saw a spider
So you’re saying the top is in and she’s not going one brown penny higher then? Fool.
It is before market opens so the MM gotta get the last taste before they dump.
Dont tell i didnt told you
1.) It’s all I study primarily. 2.)The massive amount of calls at 120 strike that will expire worthless equates to 500m. (Big Hedge). 3.) It needs to correct to around the 114-115 area, to concrete as the new low before takeoff in December end November. Several others honestly
Missed out on XPEV? Wtf you talking about 😂🤣 today’s the first day it pumped, NIO pumped for 3 months
After the TSLA split my buddy is raking in profits selling covered calls to the WSB AuTists. 

You should do the same.
they already sold 8k more SUV units vs NIO in October, you are 100% getting that truck my man
Chinese New Year will tank it, again
I’m way too high to drive to the devils house
How long until "Tiny Tradewar Trump" bans all Chyna stocks for Americans? 

[https://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/trump-to-ban-americans-from-investing-in-chinese-companies](https://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/trump-to-ban-americans-from-investing-in-chinese-companies)
Inflation
Chicago mayor lowkey look like bugs bunny
Basically spent all of today moving from 20% cash to 80% cash.  

I then bought SPY puts at 2:30pm-ish (only like 5%\\) that went from +10% to -8%....looks like it's heading back towards 0% for me. I'll take it
It's not too late for me??
Had 2 jobs in college, quit one after, few years later quit the other, on the next one now
DKNG is going to blast after earnings
Because I buy and hold VTSAX
As someone with COVID- FUCK YOU small brain
CNBC has CEO's on regardless of their quarter. BYND was the latest example. It tanked because of a bad quarter..
[deleted]
I feel like tomorrow could be another example of everyone thinking it should be red so it naturally does the opposite.
That’s why my puts will print
I bet it’s not even that big tbh
Wish they would ban these shitty low effort memes that have been flooding the sub lately
[deleted]
Instead you should really get freaky and do NIO 60 calls 0dte.
PDD puts.
You are the creep!
Can’t wait to see the drug induced panic when your 15k evaporates
Honestly the best thing ever for my legit investing career was learning how to lose a lot of $$$ on options and just be OK with it. Taught me to be ok with volatility and have a strong stomach. I have a lot of friends/family who panic immediately when they see red in their accounts and sell immediately and never make any money. 


I have since learned to just find good stocks to buy and if they dip further, that’s great, just hold on and buy more. So many people have lost $$$ because they cant stomach seeing red
Cue coffin dancers.
[deleted]
is really frustrating because this not a normal market, remember in the before time when a 1% gain was massive, but it didnt even matter I would buy calls on monday and not check my account until thrusday and cash out, ez pz sighh
How do I know if I have bacterial vaginosis
No sir it does not.
#now that PLTR earnings stabilize PLTR stock price, who is dumping in SSSS calls tmrw?
what else happened in march?? 🤔🤔
Pp size
Possibly tomorrow people are theorizing based on eod moves today
How? I fade everything you say.
Maybe Fluid Dynamics
Get rid of bench and rows  and put deadlift, squad, OHP, pushup /pull-up
You had me in the first half, ngl
Disney tanks -5% by 1030 am tomorrow and spy finishes <-3% EOD or I Venmo you $5
Benzos are a better choice, but have at it.
Software engineering class or diff eq
Organic chemistry
Rotation from nio to LI
I am not a smart man.
Why not short something at its ATH it can't break since 2018?
And we bent over and fucking took it
I got it right away for Mandalorian. Both my siblings, my mom, and a friend use it. Seems well worth it
losing still
Sell ATM puts to back in
kinda? if he straight up refuses to leave jan 20 at 12pm what do we do? lol
It’s too late. Maybe next time kid
yeah that one stuck out, like wtf?
Writing his concession speech now that he bought the dips all week
In mechanical engineering, and thermo fluids is a pain in my dick
[deleted]
Buy NIO calls or shares
[deleted]
[deleted]
took BIG L's
!RemindME 13 days
Differential equations
Why is DKNG moving AH like its earnings was today
Multivariable calculus
I just need Li to be like that coffee company and make up some fantastic numbers tomorrow so I can buy a new truck.  Too much to ask?
It’s just idiots on twitter who think donating to politicians will directly help their chances of a stimulus and helping families.
Taxes r gonna be a bietchhh. When do y’all cash out a chunk for reserves to pay Uncle Sam? Do y’all set aside in Jan new year or just wait til last minute e.g. March to cash out from your account so you can keep on earning in the meantime (while risking losing principal ofc..)
this is douchebag for "please buy my bags after the ER run up"
That you, Mr Cheezle?
I ain't giving the chinese my money, those bastards are fucky sketch
Yeah their last earnings report took half my portfolio, and it was good. You buy the stock for 🐵 Mm’s to raise target price not earnings is what I’ve learned.
SPY and QQQ kinda cool but fuck IWM
They’re spinning around the room, hanging from their ceiling fan
Thoughts on dong tomorrow? 

*dkng
Been watching the nonstop Nio talk here for weeks and been resisting jumping in because she strikes me as a meme stock. But that hoe just keeps going up. Gonna to reluctantly have to find a way to scale in.
I'd be rich as fuck
Sure, just pay for my tee time at the golf course there.
because it went 80 to 130 in a month lol
Watching Glory...those fools slaughtered each other
Have you read the forums? That might be spot on. "Bears r fuk" "fires ripin'" "stonks go up".
>cheaper yet still high quality cars

Thats why they have low gross margins. Hopefully Q4 looks better.
Nio is the gift that keeps on giving!
# Last Friday the 13th was in March and it was a +8.47% gain on the QQQ.

# Tomorrow smells tasty.
No way
DKNG climbing a bit
NBA2K?
[deleted]
I started gambling in September sir
Bulls r fuk tomorrow
Thinking about what to tweet
I can’t believe people still bank there.
[deleted]
Just go balls deep in solo calls and puts hell even long term options they are the Canadian nio
Fuck. This is literally my portfolio.
Not an engineer, but intro to music was literally the hardest class I tried to take. I never played an instrument before and the class was geared towards people with experience in classical music. I could not for the life of me figure out the timing of a song by listening or figure out sheet music.
Nio
LOL
they don't call him Buff Jezos for nothin
More lockdowns might send it into retard mode again but I’d cash out. Then maybe jump in again
Sorry I only fuck with meme stocks
My PS5 is in Northampton PA. Anybody near there wanna grab it for me and bring it the rest of the way to my house?
idk i’ll buy nio if it pulls back tmrw
Lmao I play basketball in college
Got you beat @$452.8K gain 😂 good job we on a roll with earnings next Tuesday
Tesla did that for zev credit. Charged a fortune and made it extremely unattractive for owners.
Oh im here homie 🤑🤑🚀🚀🚀 bought more today we going tk the 🌝 first stop earths core and then 🚀🚀
It went from 2.29 you bought at to 2.80 calm down
I didn't buy puts because i wanted to be able to trade AH this afternoon/tonight. 

I sold a few hundred shares at 16.7 and have started buying in lots of 100 starting at 14.7 and 13.5 

I hope it dips again because i didn't buy as much as i wanted to down there
Buy shares dog.  Boring and slow usually but you'll make money.
I bet a 4 year old would trade better than my parents
Its .09% red. Go jerk off in a cold shower
I was fine on AmeriTrade/ThinkorSwim on monday.
Li
Up my comment for green and down for red!!!!
You buy Budweiser before the Super Bowl too?
Green Jacket human be like “Has it hit bottom yet?”
I am so sorry
I’m holding some for next week and the 27th 😅
Why is no one Shilling PDD? Went from 80 to 130 in a month...
Did any of that make sense?
For an engineering student probably English or any PhysEd class.
yeah, what's the meaning of this?
My man!
Wow you guys cease to amaze me every night
Mods too busy banning decent DD to stop Nio shitposting
NIO 11/20 $50C
I'm already on this ship with you buddy! Already choosing the color of my lambo
That’s good diversification
It’s ok she still believes in me 😎💰
In 17 days NIO has gone up 100%

😳
This is very fishy and odd that you are trading things like SPY puts, when you could just trade the futures at 50x leverage and trade all night/day long and even on Sundays..

With that kind of capital why even trade options.

Proof you say?? 

Here:

https://ibb.co/C5B1xQr

(this was during that huge 1400 Dow Jones rally on monday?)
[deleted]
$1800 whats the play..
So where are all the NIO shit talkers now? NIO bears are probably dead af.
sup ya I’m here have to say strength of materials or Calc 3
I’m going to be so mad when NIO hits $100 and I didn’t FOMO in now. Anyone holding leaps?
[deleted]
[deleted]
No fucking shit it's correct LMAO, this is how markets work.

You selling your contracts depends entirely on their being somebody willing to buy them. If nobody's submitted a bid yet, fuck are E-Trade supposed to do? Pull a buyer for your contracts out of their arse? Buy it themselves?

The price you were seeing all night is just the last traded price for the contract. So, at 5:30 last night someone paid X amount for the option. That's what you're seeing. That says nothing about the price of it this morning, though, the price this morning is established by the market.

If there are no orders, there can be no trades, so you'll keep seeing last night's price until some orders come in and a new price can be established. In this case, it took 1 minute 40 seconds for a buy order and a sell order to be matched, and when they were matched, they were matched at a price lower than last night.

TL;DR: not E-Trade's fault, you're retarded.
Drive monkey.... DRIVE!!!
2 years clean from shooting dope myself so I feel ya.

Was referencing more the dictator part of your comment.
The top is in. Buy puts.
All DDers have been mercilessly shamed for putting themselves out there. Only shitty DD gets a pass.
Proof
I think NIO will appeal more to the international market because the price is more similar and i dont think the western world will take a name like Xpeng very well. It just sounds worse and adding that to a cheap price tag, you are bound to face some problems.
Literally no trade I make immediately goes in my direction. I always have to wait at least a day. It drives me crazy haha.
Then I’m deeply sorry for all the fat Ls on your portfolio
Nah its the NIO gang
Dont know but don’t care 🥳let’s get it
You could've bought it yourself if you didn't do retarded trades
Futures have gone red.  Feels like March again, only worse.
Once you get it, you sell it then drop her
We'll all be millionaires! So many dreams will come true.
Can’t win at anything. Sports parlays, teasers. Online poker, mobile poker, live poker....va lotto, scratchers..... options. 3 months long -9k
woah. never saw that coming
Wtf dude? Gross. I’m not into that shit. 

Now, shemale femdom scat 👌👌
I’m long on 400 shares, so a good jump would be nice. Also sold some 42p expiring tomorrow so hope there is some IV crush so I can buy them back
High af
I'm not a bear, I'm pretty much a perma-bull but even I can realize when a stock rally is over extended like PLTR
30
I have always felt like Cuban was an autist got lucky in internet 1.0 and has been coasting since. But he wants us to think of him as some genius
Any engineers/engineering students here? What’s the hardest class you took/have taken in college
Bears rise up
Where’s she buying it from

Is it from gamestop 🤑🤑🚀🚀
345 eod tomorrow?
Is unity fked
was about to put 5k on U for earnings

bell saved my ass
You
How do you have the audacity to post this?
[deleted]
A typo'ed turk
Lotto tuesday.
Stonks and shitcoin used to go side by side but now the correlation is broken.
> "Money needs to be based on a commodity because it's a store of value, and the commodity has value relative to other commodities in the market", and you say "Well, this one time a giant influx of gold came into a specific region, the value dropped!" Right, that's inflation

Well if you consider "collapse in value" the same as "inflation."

I asked you for one example to change my mind: an example of what is irrational. All you have to do is to give me an example.
I don't sell, I average down
[deleted]
I was expecting a happy ending. The cringe levels just kept mooning.
We live in a society.
Because they half assed the lockdown
Tiny shoulders lol
Excellent film
LETS GOOOO MY GF IS BUYING ME A PS5
What’s your thesis brother? I also have Apple puts.
Indicators are derived from volume and price and presented in a new format
🌈🐻 don’t have birthdays.
If you outlaw B0tcoin, only outlaws will have B0tcoin...
Nah, if he acted like a proper leader, he would’ve been re-elected.
Why is xpev down with li mooning?
That’s ambitious!
Along with a bunch of shares conveniently sold by the ceo
Too lazy to make DD post but buy CRSR dips on December calls if you like money, sales going to rip the next month with covid and holidays coming
Sick Volkswagen Beetle dude.
Good to hear man! I'm just dabbing here and there, don't wanna blow all my money while im in college on accident lmao (also live in Vegas so I've got 2X the problem...) Instant cash is nice, but I would love to see some solid money in my retirement, 401K, and ROTH by the time I'm 30. Not expecting crazy money, I mean I want to have a good chunk of my OWN money in there. No better time to start building wealth than now!
Considering NIO went up 2300% in less than a year, 100 EOY doesn’t seem unreasonable
r/antstreetbets
[deleted]
Bench press, deadlift, squat, quarter mile sprints
r/theydidthemath
My last yolo play before I quit is gonna be QQQ 305c 11/20 if it hits I’m saved if not so be it
Shemale femdom?
Only the highest quality, I see
Finally some good fucking food
wsb
My gas tank indicator to see if I need to play safe or all in.
Stocktwits Hysteria / Retardation Index in combination with overbought RSI for short positions.
they gotta build their positions first
What’s the prediction for the opening and close tomorrow? I think PLTR is a great company, but if history has taught me anything, these first quarter earnings usually cause the stock to drop for a bit. I bought some 11/27 11.5 puts early afternoon. Hoping they will at least be SOMEWHAT profitable tomorrow. After hours was so weird. Big down then big up and the stock literally didnt move
Damn, you are lucky af. Wish I heard about the stock sooner. Currently own 196 stocks at an avarage prucahse price of $44.
IB
And then John Mcafee can eat it on live tv
Hi it's me, palantir
XPEV 11/20 40p will be printing tomorrow. My money depends it😂
This girl’s post history is intense.
Get your pump and dump outta here
Dude doesn't kmow
Bro what did expect with this BA put

Even if World War 3 emerges BA wouldn’t go to 60, they’d actually go up since more defense needed
But I can’t be around the poors. They smell funny
Tomorrow is my birthday so if my birthday wish comes true then we'll get PLTR blood red and RKT Hulk green
No wonder
Tweeted about donating to food banks instead of senate races. 

And now I realized I'm thinking of tilman and his SPAC.
No joke the 3 spots I have Open on Airbnb lol.. thanks Bro
[deleted]
Wait till ya find out about disney in tv/movies
11/20 45p 🤞🏽
Can you imagine buying LEAPs on NIO back in October of last year when NIO was $1.51?

I know my new pornhub fetish category.
[deleted]
[deleted]
that would be worth the life of the child
So what’s the ducking move tomorrow BIGLY RED OR BIGLY GREEN DICK
Race to 50
My gut
VIX creepin
I have 11/47 40p
Well I mean the Bunny Ranch in Nevada existed as of last year.
You guys fucked up my perfect trip trade
[deleted]
Calls on Grandma's Boy
r/smallstreetbets
Uhh negative. Made many day trades Monday on TOS
When’s the next spce event?
All u need is volume and price
$24
What strike you puss
He has such a way with words. 

If I died and went to Hell it would be eternity listening to Jpow speeches and watching my portfolio bleed out. Oh wait
Rip
No, my suggestion is don’t go to overpriced gyms like the ones you’re mentioning in your comment
[deleted]
Old people will die. Hospitals will be busy. Maybe you’ll see some sad people on your local news. As long as my stonks go up fuck um
Clearly new here
Charleston, Hilton Head or Savannah. Just stay away from Myrtle Beach unless you’re Kenny Powers.
sadly hes right, more covid just means more money printing. b/itcoin at $16,430 mooning on hopes of additional money printer
[deleted]
What he do. I thought he was gunning for 2024
Because NIO went back in time and killed him.
Every one but that one and the one the next person names that was up.
HD calls
sounds accurate
Of course it’s not. That’s just what I need to happen.
Small shares position
[removed]
Which indicators are you autists using?
Can never predict. I hate munkey mouse stonk because of that
Don’t sleep on CSIQ one of the few renewable stocks that isn’t overvalued - earnings next week.
now yolo it on tsla calls
Unusual whales on twitter , he posts unusual volume options buys .....
you greedy fuck

cash out
if its a loss its a loss. the new position isn't a loss or gain until you close it. every trade is considered individually, and nothing is booked as a loss or gain until you close it.
[deleted]
If this is real I need to go reevaluate my life.
Nio has made me more bank than the amount of money I've worked for the past five years. In @$3-5 many months ago.
Floppy Dicks
we are getting **so little** DD posted lately. that means something big is up. someone knows something, or a group knows something, and doesn't want to share it. And no, NIO + rocket emojis is not DD.
Obv
Lol you belong here, big retard.
Can’t even play online poker....we ain’t free.
[deleted]
Europe is already peaking case wide cause they shut down. Politically nothing will happen now with this Senate race - no side wants to be the lockdown side in a state like Georgia that is such a toss up. 

Which means virus is gonna virus here at we’re going to see 300k cases a day easy by december.
Also... listen closely... HEY RETARD! LISTENNNN are you paying attention? Take your profits... and cut your losses. Have %s that you cut your losses or take profits or youll get FUCKEDDD! Once a stock drop or bears get the upper hand you can loose all of your gains in seconds. 

We’ve all lost and wished and coulda woulda.
Mmm fuck might go all in
and Elon Musk isn’t born
More like nioandpltrbets
Sorry I meant I bought in at 2 $2.3c and 1 $1.8c
I don't give investment advice.
Oh ffs
[removed]
Thanks.
EV +10 tomorrow
[deleted]
Are you a bus driver?
Fair enough but the evaporated loss is what, >5x his cost basis? And he's still in, the madman.
You fit right in this sub buddy
So your solution is to spend 10 grand on the equipment for those 4 exercises
Y would u want to lose half of ur nio gains?
I have pton $125 strike that endS on 11/27. I’m already up 70%. Should I cash out tomorrow? Or wait it out till next week?
I bought calls & puts. Guess that makes us the yin yang twins
[deleted]
Your wife’s ass
Not happening
Strike or ban
an asian girls tits
Look at the market cap and you let me know.
[deleted]
Calls on sale when it goes up 200% the following week
[deleted]
I told my kids that Covid killed Santa.
I see Marty Byrde needs a new way to launder money
You did not seriously think that a hobbit could contend with the will of Sauron? There are none who can.
Bonds collapsing
Yeah but that’s why donnies bringing the fight to them. Starting with today’s executive order. Trade war talks going well.
damn fuck peasant brand like LULU

its all about FTCH now
Realize that people are working on GIMP for FRRE. That's  right. FREE. Out of the goodness of their hearts to make a free product for you. Because they believe that overpriced closed source software is not good for computing in general. If you want it to be better. Contribute. Either in code. Big fixes. Feature requests or buy a developer a beer.
you probably have one, and will still never see 22.4 mm
Mark cuban getting cancelled on twitter. Didn't he have a spac?
Thanks for the response. So more of a long term hold. I guess I'm thinking too short term.

By the way, I see you're into kryp-toe... hope to see beetkoin at 50k eventually
Ftch puts
Kandi if you wanna play the laggard on this GYNA EV bull run... “only” went up 12% today so perhaps there’s more room for it to triple it’s market cap before noon tomorrow ?
I just need .7%
Totally different timeline. 

No Gynaflu and Kobe is still alive.
Would be hilarious tho lol
More like how does one forget about a $4300 investment in some random EV company that might plummet at any moment?

I forgot about my IRA from my first job and was pleasantly surprised by about $6K I had forgot about. It's invested in some mutual fund that basically follows the S&P500. Gained predictably. Had I invested that in some startup practically penny stock I'd be watching that like a hawk or at least placing stop losses.
Motherfucker used robinhood and 0dte in same sentence 😂
I like, reminds me of a baby NIO
thats what its always been
Good hunting bro
Posted this a while back on my main and got flamed for suggesting that these ugly ass single passenger cars would get no business. Analysts projected a .18 loss. Posted profit of .16 today on sales of (I know) only $327,000. However, this company as silly as they look have insane potential.

China, India, city travel. Need for small, efficient, fast cars for travel.

Amusement park segways, city rentals, etc.

Use your imagination. There are deals in the making. I cannot speak on information for obvious reasons but these guys have room to run. Cheers retards.
[deleted]
Sorry this was worded like shit. I’m waiting for a potential dip tomorrow. Probably going to buy in regardless and play a huge moon on earnings. Long dated calls.
What are futures flatter than
11/27 nio puts will print don't @me
No surprise
Like what ones
Why r futures kill
Clearly you should put it into ELF calls
imagine actually losing money in the stock market (vs. making) and actually coming back for....more? you can lose money on hookers & blow, or literally do nothing with your money and have a better outcome. i guess some ppl actually derive pleasure from lighting cash in fire.
[removed]
Ban this man! His steadfast wisdom will start evening the Autism scale we all enjoy here
We'll reach herd immunity after thanksgiving when large families gather together.
Alright PLTR gang, we managed to avoid a massive sell off. Prepare for our friend Ivy to stop by.
I’ll be watching it, like a hawk, that’s been bred with an eagle, to produce some sort of eagle-eyed super hawk. With a badge
NIO blessing a lot of people, love to see it
How we feeling about rkt tomorrow?
I’m up to my ears in calls
GREEEEEEN
Did they play GBTC or direct coin?
Imagine having a sub dedicated to a car company and you can’t even post about the tendies you make. NIO 60c 1/15

https://www.reddit.com/r/Nio/comments/jt3v5i/message_to_everyone_in_this_sub/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
And it says it’s a free app
Will be conveniently released Monday before opening.
Bench, squat, overhead press, rows

And cardio. What’s all that strength for if you can’t run a mile lol
$16??? Is that really all you have?
I don't really care if it pumps the market
So glad to see the GME hype train is dead
Puts Calls Person Camera WSB
I want to get into playing tennis
Thanks, I’ll go check it out!
Same man, may as well be safe and after the dip it’s a win win anyway
You think this play still has room to run??
Just ordered my elf ears, elf hat and red pants with green shirt on amazon.  Amazon calls it is
We’ve been saying this lol
You really think the secret service would do that lmao
[deleted]
I'll second that, but no risk no reward baby!
just buy tomorrow if you're going shares cause $44 vs $40 won't mean shit at $100
Were you saying that when Nio was 2 dollars a share and more recently 15 per share?
[deleted]
Some states are tightening restrictions.
Apple puts. Loading more up in the am, fuck theta gang. (For now) 🌈🐻 *mmm tendies* 

My position: Strike;$117 Put x5 ; Exp 13/20.
[deleted]
Meanwhile there are autists that trade options and did better than you over the weekend
[deleted]
>Fauci: Coronavirus won't be a pandemic for 'a lot longer' thanks to vaccines

Looks like Dr Doom and Gloom switched to calls....unless he's buying tech puts.
LOL an ETF that rebalances 100% of it's portfolio every day.
What’s FD? Wrong answers only
3.5c and 3.8c? I would just hold till before earnings
Noticed lately that futes reliably drill right before AH close at 8pm
congrats and fuck u
Don't tell him!
Loser
December 17 2021 20c
>My wife wants me to dress up like an elf and spank her.  What should I FD 10k into??

Chicago locked down today - I'd say decent some other cities do it tomorrow.
Used 2005 salvage title porsche 911
Yo imagine if instead of Harambe they killed that child
Lose the trader mentality. The real money is in holding through the rally.
I made about 4.5k on NIO calls. Picked up like 20 60 11/27 calls for .98 and sold at like 2.3
As he's falling you can tell he's trying to pull his hands out of his pockets, pockets be like, NOPE.
Priced in
i wish mango could just admit defeat

do you really want to be last seen as a president that got carried out by secret service and thrown outside?
[deleted]
Need a 3% drop on spy before tomorrow close...
This is like the Hunger Games, but with retards.
Good I can buy more
Elf costume
Yeah I cashed out of when it broke 47 today.  Earnings freak me out and there's going to be a sell off if it moons so I'll buy in then or if it drops.
I hope so more to reload 🤑
Now buy gold and then cash it in. Galaxy brain shit.
Didn’t they also lose like $900m
Green is bad. I need you to remember we buy high sell low here.
Glad I didn’t FD into PLTR
[deleted]
[deleted]
You get Hulu, disney+, and espn+ for like $12 a month. If you have kids it’s well worth it
[deleted]
You didn’t finish your homework yet, did you?
my mans doesn't even have the attention span to ban tik tok.. imagine thinking that anybody cares about this ban, which is scheduled to start a few days before trump leaves office 🤣
Don’t forget we’re expecting Moderna vaccine news sometime in the next couple days.
So but tommorow or wait until earnings for possible dip?
I mean....he's not wrong. If we didn't have the Jina beer flu he would have gotten re-elected.
Fuck you
Lol we can't do anything anyway
RIP 🦍
NIO calls?
0%
My fave is looking at stocks i sold that went up a few hundred % since
Well dayummm this worked out well. Turned $2000 into $4200 and that was with selling way to early!
No.
That makes no sense
List them
What do you mean
The bear stairs legit
My kids say I am the best at month.
Baba Beijing Biden
Are we mooning soon DFV? I’m your huge fan, please reply me with a “Yes” 😔
This is all great information, none of which will be followed here.  It's yolo your life savings or nothing.  Lol
yup good times lol

and than it  mooned
wait for the drop to buy in, always happens
Wait until tomorrow and do the one it doesn’t do then on Monday.
Name and address so I can do my civic duty just in case you get hit by a bus.
Is Yankee Candle publicly traded?
by next November Xpeng will have overtaken NIO due to their cheaper yet still high quality cars that will be more available to middle-class Chinese. Both Xpeng and NIO will look good in a year
You should go to investing then you are in wrong sub
Buy right at open it’s going to go straight to like 55-58 then start trading sideways
If you have to take the time to type out your question, on WSB, then I think you already know the answer
you heard it here first. nio going to $15
So you don't know how to do math but just spatter number. Where did you goto school man? Or did you even goto one?
IWM puts will take bears to valhalla
Dropping like a fat loaf after earnings
Proud of you  brah are they taking government transfers? Being a mailman is pretty shit rn.
Nestle, unilever
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wallstreetnioandpltr
I bought MARA calls the days shitcoin broke resistance at 14k and the stock has moved... Drumroll..... 20 cents down. They have a 100 million shelf offering and are diluting shares every single day as far as I can tell. They are going to be buying thousands of miners through 2021 so they will continue to dilute to pay for them. I don't understand it but seriously, fuck that company. Should've just bought shit coin .
Ya flat is actually the one outcome I didn't expect haha.
Currently on hold with "supervisor" #2.  Being super polite and friendly.  I'll run it up to the CEO if they'll let me lol.

Oh, and here's what I got in the letter in the mail:  

We regret to inform you that we are no longer offering Line of Credit as part of the bank's credit offerings and the recent review of your account shows that there has been no account activity for at least 12 months. For these reasons, we closed your account s of November 4, 2020.

I pay their $35 or whatever fee it is once a year to keep the account open.
Tech really gonna fade like this isnt it
where tf is the ticker in this soup of letters and words? where is the TLDR?  Please think elevator pitches for the DD's to gain traction with the degenerates
No, you literally only need 4 core exercises to be in good shape lol
Watch LI post terrible earnings and tank 20% tomorrow bringing all chinese EV inculding NIO with them XD.
Mangos last executive order.. Outlawing shitcoin just as it breached $25 000 support.
i think thats their job
Need some yolo plays that haven’t ran. Lemme hear em
Yes, in May
I’m in South Dakota no one here gives a shit
[deleted]
Time for puts
Whoever is responsible for covering the account balance (and not knowing you can back into it based on the percentage gain) deserves part ownership share if WSB
Good stuff.  Been doing keto for years and love it.  Kinda why I have bynd poooots.  12/18 115p
Hold the line!
[deleted]
Instead of sitting on cash I’m sitting on shitcain
definitely frustrating but can you not just call and demand that they reopen on the basis that its not new?
KNDI thoughts?
SHIELDS UP! HUGE RED DILDOS HITTING!
A lawyer
Just provide Robinhood username and password and I’ll transfer the contracts.
haven't seen Nikkie dip for a while,

this monster has run up biggly since Job elected
Not bad for a guy that lied about having a college degree.
You mean you bought options on NIO and that's all you got?
Ban for drinking Diet Coke
Definitely not a monopoly, they have strong competitors like Kimberly Clark and Unilever. But they are definitely massive and are the top player in categories they compete in. They are a very strong company and know what they are doing.
It’s doesnt look good on your resume if you’re bouncing around. Stay where you are, show consistency.
If you go down in the woods tomorrow  
You're sure of a big surprise  
If you go down in the woods tomorrow  
You'd better go in disguise!  

For every bear that ever there was  
Will gather there for certain  
Because tomorrow's the day the  
China Bears have their picnic
Show us your yolo! :D
i getting a job not food
Are you retarded? I have calls and I seriously think you might be brain dead with these fucking wild targets
0% chance
I prefer Mizzourah. Arkansas is a shit hole.
Should I join one of those stupid places where you drag big ropes around for exercise and take a bunch of group pics?
My wife wants me to dress up like an elf and spank her.  What should I FD 10k into??
For me, I sort by time and look at the newest. If one seems to be trending up,  I'll watch it for a few min and decide if I should jump in. Strictly for FDs...learned to never hold these long.
[deleted]
It's called ARKK
people keep using this meme wrong

i blame zoomers
I think Gyna wont be doing shit with trump for the next two months

why would you if joe is coming in?

no point
Orange is thinking only about election.  No one cares about people dying.
[deleted]
dis calls or ftch puts - guess what i ended up grabbing eod?
lmao xi and other world leaders are laughing they know these 2 months are all just bark and no bite
I was told that’s a white power sign.
Already a YOLO ticker, weed related.
0%
3 miles is 4.83 km
[deleted]
Nio drops 50% tomorrow
Damn can you pick me up some fresh tenders and a Diet Coke? Thanks
Sell a strangle?
I am luckier. I have 18 $30calls and 20 $40calls, all sold today around $43.80 stock price.  About $30k profit in 1 week.
I was like.. Great! Pandemic sucks, but I will use it to learn how to make money on stock market. Look out MMs here I come.....
7 months latter... Here I am, with another addiction... No money.
If you live with your parents you are a stone cold loser. Full stop. No one should listen to a word you say, including you yourself.
I am too man. Down 10 this past week and running 3 miles a day fuck it. Nio!
it did not 49.5
I’m about to load on 10 19c 2/19, at some point tomorrow. I pulled put my 11/13 yesterday for few hundred - nothing tendie town worthy. The way I’m seeing this, post turd sanwich vs giant douche outcome - Our new turd sandwich president already considering another lock downs for 6 weeks. Stocks double dip, tech hits another all time high; however bat flu hits it’s new high aswell. PLTR is a software company so it should hold through a scenario like this, on top of rocketing to mars when a Tracer App is developed!
>yoinked  
>  
> moustache

thanks
I’m bullish so hope it drops on the open tomorrow to get more shares
Don’t leave any job before the 3 year mark. You Don’t wanna rack up too many brief stints before applying to the big boy job in your 30s
Thats already a weed etf
This is like buying FB when it was $30
This kind of shit always makes me laugh
thoughts on WSM earnings? more people have been cooking during covid👀
Plenty of time to rack up some losses
2 jobs. Then started my business. Fuck corporate slavery. I am my own boss
Calendar spreads are pretty cheap. But a parabolic move up is a net L unfortunately unlike a CC
Elon is too busy making shorts and tequila while Chyna taking over EV
Donny walking away from the table before sent us to the shadow realm in a matter of minutes. Now it doesn’t do shut even though we need it more than ever
do kegels instead. your boyfriend will appreciate it.
I forgot about that shit.....
At first I didn't think she had titties based on photos I've seen, but now I see she's just been hiding them thangs
Niooooorrific!
You'll be fine tomorrow, they did well in their earnings and everyone is talking good news, so sentiment is going to keep PLTR afloat after ER and its gonna continue to grow
No prior to the election Pelosi and Minchin were able to agree on a stimulus package of 1.88 trillion but Pelosi argued that wasnt enough. The market is currently expecting in the ballpark range of 2T.

But since the latest jobs report and vaccine update it seems stimulus is even less likely i.e Mconnell shooting for a 500B package. 

Lastly the timeline for stimulus has been pushed back at least 2 months now since Trump lost the election which means more pain for small businesses and the unemployed. 

I will concede that maybe the narrative around stimulus will change if we enter a strict lockdown for 4-6 weeks but that verdict is still out.
Lol not what i was hoping for but have to agree
12% for the TQQQ's would make me a happy bull
Diamond hands with stop losses and limit orders. You will lose a little extra in taxes (like anyone here is holding shares for >1 year anyway...), but for shares in companies you think are a good longterm bet but might also just completely bottom out (e.g. small cap growth stocks), this is the way.

You buy only after a relative "bad" week. The stock is at the bottom of resistance. Sentiment on the stock is "it can only go up from here." This is assuming you did *any* DD and aren't investing in NKLA or some shit.

Say it's at $100. Buy at $100, set a stop loss at $95, this is your number. Now it immediately tanks to $92 and you get out at $95. Set a limit order for $95. If it goes down from there, you only lost 5%. If it goes up, you stand to gain back your losses.

Now let's say it goes up, you rebuy at $95 and it rises to $97. Set another stop loss at $95. Now let's say it runs to $105. New stop loss at $100. Runs to $120, new stop loss at $115, etc... Whenever you set a stop loss, never set a limit order at a lower value. As it runs higher, inch your stop loss number higher. Protect your gains. That might seem backwards (buy low, sell high), but the principle here is that it's only worth getting into the trade if the stock is trading strongly at the prices you sold it for, and thus likely to keep going up from there. You can't predict the stock market, and whenever you buy, you risk losing. More often when you buy a falling stock, it will keep going down. If, in the above example, it goes to $92 and you buy at $92 instead of putting a limit order at $95, you run a high risk of buying at $92 and selling again at $87. Only try to capture the upward runs, stop trying to capture *every* potential dip and you'll gain less, but you'll do so more consistently.
nearest wendies here i come

here's my application form

my form: Retard
Chances of lockdown tm?
Can WSB start an ETF...maybe name it YOLO

Nvm it's taken
I’d nut so hard at 280
Assuming he didn’t sell any shares, he’s sitting at 30k profit
NIO calls and SPY puts. Perfectly balanced as all things should be
I would prefer you use data dog
Shorts trying to hard to push it down
Congrats on investing in a penny stock!
I’m down just as much just over many retarded moves. I feel you brother
LABU trading high for the 6th day in a row. When tf this bitch gonna crash?
I've been wondering this. NIO is currently China's 22nd largest company (by market cap). Getting to TSLA's market cap would make them China's 4th largest company. I'm wondering how likely/possible that is.
Yeah last 10 years been a doozy
why?
Yeah that wasn't the final version but thanks. The new vehicle pointer needs to be deleted.
All the big public companies are Canadian. How big a market is Canada? Are they really going to be able to expand their business to the US? Or are we going to get new us companies pop up as soon as we get legalization? I'm guessing the latter and the Canadians will get wrecked.
Do you think they've actually turned things around or are they gonna hit the floor by monday?   


I tried looking at their Q3 earnings report and I felt like the wording was pretty shit.
It will. Today was very good.
What are you a fuckin acrobat make sure you wipe down the stripper pole before your set you madman.

I want it back down below 11 so I can keep loading up, one look at that supervillain CEO and I knew I was in
Really depends how you word it. I’ve only been working a year and a half but i’m on my 3rd job (all different companies) now. For reference i’m in software engineering
They also mentioned being picked for a government bid out of 900 companies. I dunno that stuck out to me. 

Sounds like they have the pick of the litter. 

Currently holding 4 1/20/23 15$ calls and 400 shares 🙅🧢
Can I get a 4% gap down please
Sing it!
The sitting President blames COVID/China for his defeat.  He took action against Chinese companies today.  That may continue.  Also, I expect the Chinese to retaliate. Could get ugly by January 20th.
red day tomorrow, get dem puts ready boyos!
I like the name
Its a specific group of Chinese stocks that fund the Chinese military with their profits. So who knows exactly who thats gonna be, but I highly doubt electric vehicles
That ETF was built for WSB. It's got all the meme stocks and its top holding is NIO lmao
When is Moderna putting out their tremendous results with 95.4% effectiveness???
I have some bags I need to unload before we shut down again.
Means you need a new hobby.
In that case, sell what you have now, then wait for a dip.
I don’t downvote much. But this is more ignant than people claiming election fraud with no evidence
So glad I unloaded my PLTR nov calls this week at $16 lmao

The rest are leaps, just letting em cook
Yes sir
Remember when Markets cared about stimulus and would go down on news of no stimulus or go up when Pelosi and Munichin have a phone call. Pepperidge farm remembers.
Worst then RKT
Let’s goooooo!!
I checked their website it says 8am EST tmw.
Does that mean they basically have a monopoly in consumer staples? I was actually mind blown.
I still have a boner from Xpeng today
Please stay green. I sold my spy puts and got calls today. Double or nothing time.
1 year considered long term in your opinion?
I’m putting 20% of my $$$ into it and walking away
yea I’m down 40k at least this year
At only 3-4 times earning it is better than a lot of other companies currently as 10-20 is the norm. So even if it just sits there for years still a better ROI than your standard stock but this is WSB so it is a shit stock. 

Calls for June are up 23% currently. 

If nothing happens just start short term Iron Condor it. 

I love ford. $5,000 Collateral for 400 profit every month currently.
Didn't the pfizer ceo dump 2/3 of their stocks on Monday?  How many times are they going to run the vaccine scam?
People buying this shit just to buy something. It should be $100
Fuck yeah bro, glad someone made it
Nio futures just broke 50, wow
She looks like Dennis's cat wife from It's Always Sunny...
Any news? M
Jesus man phrasing!
doing strict keto before thanksgiving
I just made a triple on the puts. u/yoinked moustache had the DD a couple weeks ago.
Sucks to be a bull on this shitstock.
How we doin? You still holding?

I just bought $165c 12/18 today
Shaking my magic 8 ball now for ya
Ozarks area in Arkansas is paying WFH people 10k to move there.
Love how the market completely ignores record sales for BABA on singles day
only on some contracts.  Some tickers trade on increments of 5, others dont
I came in his gf at $45
Her name is wuhanmazon.
*our gf
I miss vol < 20 when there was other things to life, like traveling.
Another reason I’m bullish on PLTR is no. China.

Their is no way in hell they would base a huge chunk of their growth strategy into a country with a regime that doesn’t align with Western interests.
Everything.... Tide, Gain, cheer, dreft, bounce, Febreeze, Unstoppables, Dawn, Cascade, Swiffer, Mr. clean, Pampers, Luvs, charmin, Bounty,,Tampax, Always, Depends, Pantene, Herbal Essence, Olay, NyQuil and that’s just naming a few. They own Non Food and HBC categories.
This was for specifically BABA today?
I personally think it could go down if Li misses tomorrow, if the market in general declines, or simply with moderate earnings (like what happened last time).
Awesome will do!
I don’t think so, the time to buy DIS was last Friday
i'm already down 90% so might as well stay in it
Anyone going in on MOON? No options yet but it’s an interesting ETF
I only bought Disney Puts today bc of unusual options trading 😕 First time following it. First time was NOT free.

For those that always follow this shit; Do you hold till next day or is it always just quick flips intra-day?
They hired "intimacy consultants" rumor was they want to add some untolkienesque shit
Well considering the Federal Reserve is a private company with share holders. Their intentional mismanagement in 08 financial crisis. Talk about  fox in the hen house.
FSLY back to 100
Bro we’re concerned about the next two months not next year...
I'm assuming around midnight est
[deleted]
I like how you think, sir.
I like the sound of Xpeg
Damn sounds hot let me know next time so I can join in 🤤💦
Are you palantir marketing team? Why do you think convincing WSB will convince institutions to buy in aswell
A lot of gaps to close down to low 330s
I can’t get enough of this meme.
Can PLTR pick a dickrection?
[deleted]
You have a link or smthing?! Because I actually have 1k of shares in that african shiet?! Alrdy down like 1k
if you need to talk there are people out there or can send me a message If you really need to
That was a short rotation, tech back at it again, why tf is Amzn and Shop down today, they’re the main beneficiaries 🤣🤣🤣
What’s trading, I’m investing
Can confirm, death be bad.
In March we had a shutdown for 1-2 months and the economy is still in shits 7 months later (except for the stonk market). We simply can't afford another one.
Didn’t get in on any promos and I have little kids so they will be taking my money for a long time.
Yes. Speaking with people helps.
Nice. I’m going a little more conservative, thinking probably either the 12.5 or the 15 strike.
What's wrong with IBKR
Stop being a lil bitch and go get some nio calls. Join the gang dude! EV cars is the move of the future, china has the largest pop. Gotta play to win
Me averaging down my December XOM calls

https://m.imgur.com/aGVfrMd.mp4
If you live in south dakota, you may be more fucked than usual. Pray for our south dakota bros
What price did it IPO at?
Anybody paying attention to Fisker?
Why tf didn't they tell us before market closed
Its sp may be affected by positive vaccine news, safer to buy shares instead of call
SPY 335 next week. You saw it here first.
Awww can I come to your baby shower?
Is anyone bullish on MARA
Play monthly’s not weeklies. 

Bet less
Spy $250p at open
3 and the third I've been at 16 years, small company
Wait what about elf tits? Wtf
Xpeng or nio hitting 50 tomorrow 👀👀
Dis is now a tech company so not making profits doesn't matter
Only for the entirety of my life, so not really.
I’m on my 3rd too. It’s easier to get a pay bump by applying for a better job with a new company than waiting to be promoted. I say go for it
Yeah getting up at 6:30 to trade can be a drag, not too educated on east coast living but I’m sure there’s a bunch of cool places to choose from
I'm on the phone right now trying to figure out wtf is going on.
[deleted]
Most of this shit seems so copy pasted, we don’t care what it will do next year we want money now. Honestly what’s with all the exclamations in some of these posts palantir did you pay bots to comment on this hot ass and then give it gold. Sure you might have a leg up for next year but your still not profitable so fuck off
Hahaha nah but I lost it at that, definitely one of us
Same reason none of the major non EV chinese company havnt made its way to America. 

The stringent safety requirement price them out of the market. 

If this was to happen I would reckon someone like BYD would probably have the war chest to attempt an entry in the North American market
My all is just over 300%
i will not be able to make it through another extended lock down
Fuck is going on, lol.
[deleted]
Inversing your inverse, calls are saved 😎
I dont have kids but if i was stuck in lockdown with kids i probably would.  I only watch that Yoda show so I pirate
You gotta laugh at the PJ's taking NIO RSI red after the massive AH run.... I've witnessed this so many times. NIO to $50
I need a 1% drop
[removed]
[deleted]
Even i noticed that same on robinhood. Prices don't show up until 40-50 seconds of market open. Which shouldn't be case for highly active stock
Yes. Done.
It’s a possibility
RKT why u no left the launch pad!?
SPY 333 one week from today!
That’s hot
big time
Two masters degrees and experience have led me to a career through being a geologist to being a city planner to being a real estate developer. I'm in my 30s, keep the dream alive
woah, quit hogging all the poverty, we gotta share that.
Twiiter
I stopped reading after this comment.
No one spends my money better than me!
Much of America has acreage for thousands per acre. You just gotta start your own WSB city with your "gains"^^^lmaosure.
Not high enough so IV will crush your calls.
Lol who knows
fuck yeah

Or use some profits to do theta fd equivalents
No one I had it free with my Verizon unlimited plan and used it twice before cancelling
Been in since IPO. Shares at 9.50, couple short puts, will buy LEAPS tomorrow after the IV crush. PLTR gang gang
Verizon
He did anal on me one too many times
[deleted]
No ban bet? 🌈
Yes but what about the principle?
Parabolas look like parabolas? Say it isn’t so
Nah I’ll still get in
I'm bullish on PLTR too but bought a few puts in case the stock tanked after earnings like many companies have been doing lately. I'm hoping for a dump like 20 min into the trading day after the premarket and after-hours queued trades buy, get some profit with the puts briefly, then flip around and buy some more LEAPs
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hey buddy I'm right there with you. Not including profits I've invested 300 bucks
Puts on next earnings when those 1 year promos expire in December and everyone cancels.
Amzn just need to get over 3300 and away from this kang bullshit. Stop fucking around Jeff. Virus ain't goin away and wfh crowd needs their shit. Throw some more coal into the aws boilers! Make some steam! Get the lotr show with elf tits on the streaming! Make amzn amazing again.
Yes
I wish I could see some of those hail marries at the end.
Does anyone else feel like they're hanging by a thread...mentally?
Holy shit. I had 405 at 2.30 and sold at 5 when the Rona was rolling back in Feb/Mar. Nice to see what I missed.
the problem is your hospitals get overrun and people don't like it when people are dying
This shit is going so hard. Makes me feel like taking profit is a sin.
someone posted this on wsb?
Add ANT 🐜 once jack bow down to Xi.
Time to cash in on the free stocks
Yes it is gapping up tomorrow
I’m talking about the broad market indices. The fact that you gave me an example from today shows me how new you are at trading. I think in probabilities not singular occurrences
Lol, just shorted 1000 shares 15 minutes ago...

I'm down $30
it's cheap as fuck lmao
LI.
[removed]
[deleted]
I will also cum in your gf if that happens
Holy s*** man that was posted 3 hours ago I'm surprised someone hasn't already posted that. Regardless you're a chad for that as I will now be up on time to watch for the dip
Nothing. WSB has the memory of a goldfish.
[deleted]
Tomorrow
They shot up during the first lockdown.

Trust me - I bought it at 4.50 when everyone thought it was crap.
Tastyworks
My hero.
LMAO calls on wontons
Tsla spreads are the best premuim
Fuck yeah
[deleted]
it should be temporarily renamed to chinatownbets
Hold on let me rub my crystal ball AKA my left nut.
[deleted]
not correct I am at 97 % for example
Job hopping is normal. Only boomers stayed at the same company till they dropped dead.
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jfd1fi/boomer_butt_pimples_dd_inside/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf you all fucking laughed at me. Look who’s laughing now motherfuckerzzzzzz
Hello me
I got some I’m holding... but if tomorrow is really good again I’ll sell, and maybe buy 1-2 calls to hold over the weekend. Re-enter Monday. Sell 50% Monday and see what happens
Don’t be like this guy.
Don’t you dare talk about papa Elon that way!
So my roommate has been in shitcoin since day 1. Made 200k, lost it all on margin. He was going to pay off his parents house. I think it’s ironic how he just moved out and emptied his coins account 2 weeks ago and it’s pumped ever since
What does your all look like
I’m trying get rich and I don’t give a good god damn ja feel
In the time before covid this was so easy, turned 5k into 70k from 2018-mar 2020 since then i have lost my groove and saw 40k disappear, anyone else on the same boat
Yep mainly thinking cash for the inevitable second lockdown dump to 320ish... really hoping for spy 300 to enter leaps on ba, amd, sq and get some nio at a better price
12/4 60 call
Zoom calls printing tomorrow
MARA? Earnings say pre market open but on the site the report is out and they killed it. Breakout ?
XPENG breaks 50 tomorrow !
u/savethisvideo
2022 01/21 22c here. Diamond handsing until next summer then I’ll see where it’s at. 

I’m not worried one bit.
Fcuk you. I thought they are really up that much in AH
I will cum in my gf if that happens
**FRIDAY THE 13TH, IN 2020**

that's why VIX rose today
If it breaks $100 I’m in. No way is this valuation justified. I don’t care how many cool kids are subscribed to Disney+
everyone here is down 99%
Hmm... 100 shares... add to cart... login or checkout as guest?
You forget Cuomo and Newsom give no fucks
Ha
[deleted]
Please direct your attention to EV today
When tonight is the LI earnings report?
Seriously, who the fuk is paying real money for Disney Plus?

Geez
Wdym they won’t be open dingus, lockdown
[deleted]
12-18 puts $12 ......$500k
That 30% increase was pretty crazy.
[removed]
My calculations says NIO will be $54.69 EOD tomorrow
me
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**JMIA**|**$20**|**BUY CALL**|**2023-01-20**|**$7**|**$13.57**|**598**|**43**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfiy8x6fzmp0770uifqqn7v) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/jsally17/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Me🤚🏽😄 just like palantir titte fucked me
check your personal risk tolerance
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**BABA**|**$270**|**WRITE CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$5.12**|**$264.31**|**18916**|**6526**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfiy7bnfzlb0770ecxr4sv2) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/rieslingmagic/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
From what I’ve seen I’m hoping we get a slight dip before earnings. I sold my 45c 5/21/21 today at 47.90, kind of regretting it but I’ll be ok. Bought in at 26 so I still rocked a 200% bag. Friday’s are notoriously bad for Chinese EV stocks so I’m hoping we get a sight dip and I can pick up more LEAPS. I’m pretty bullish on earnings regarding the 154% sales this year, and growth this quarter. However, a bit skeptical due to the high market cap and low vehicle production. I think you’ll be good holding through if you have longer dated calls.
420
I’m surprised someone on this sub knows what a decline press is. How many former miscers are on here
What did I fucking say? Tell me what this post says motherfucker.
you can't afford 5 cents?
That’s the way to do it. What are you collecting premium on these days?
overreaction completely. We have a better chance at space force going to mars then baba going to shit

chinas history shows baba will prob be 350-400 by march if market holds decently. price target is 360 as well
NIO 0DTE 40 puts
Please No! I lost $2500 this week on this shit! Never thought $280 calls won’t print
This is all the dd I need
Big if true
Depends on the ticker. Some trade in cent increments, others  5 cent or otherwise.
shitcoin at 16k
No way
Honestly, NIO's current market cap of $65 billion is higher than GM's of $56 Billion.

GM has an EPS of $2.33.  NIo has an EPS  -$1.15.
Guessing the comment that says “So keep buying long dated calls on DKNG until my dick flies off?” is you? Lmao
Besides power bottom with Winnie the Pooh my other favorite position is PLUG $20c 01/20/23
12/18 20c checking in
SPY 369 EOW
Someone tell that retard that misery loves company
Me me!
[deleted]
Financial advisors are for the weak and dumb dumbs
They both expire at 11/20 but I have 1 $3.5c and 2 $3.8c
I did the same @27 and again @30.20. I just stare at the ticker like “...we had a good run buddy...”
The Nio-Nazis have overtaken the Tesla fanboys.
thank you for your sacrifice. Ill take this as a signal to buy calls. Buying tomorow morning
This sub has a chyna town now with all these NIO LI and BABA post
[deleted]
Fuck Yea!😄👍🏼 keep going papa palantir😄
that’s like when I had July SPY 300c that I picked up for $1. I panic sold for $3. Painful
Or no restrictions so they don’t have to do a stimulus at all
years? you don't JPow it seems
Leaps?
AMC aleeady has its spike.
Some of us are still shorting the market based off that DD.
Hoping this bitch runs at open. Flow algo had some big players bet on the same 55 strike. Same thing happened when I bought SQ 190s and 200s based off flow ago.
WTF is that thing lmao
Them thangs bounce.
Bought puts & calls.  The -8% was hot then it goes to trade flat so both my calls and puts are fuk
United States of Zimbabwe LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
DIS calls tomorrow.....printing!
What's that
I love this sub, you guys are the reason I get through my day
Haha, holy shit I haven't seen this. His Covid coverage seems tame compared to this.
My credit card gives me 2% on purchases and it's also given me a special 1.99% apr on all purchases until next summer.  So if I buy something for 100 bucks I get  2 bucks back and pay 1.99 interest.   I effectively earn 1 cent for every 100 dollars I spend. If I spend 10 billion dollars I'll make a million.  Literally can't go tits up.
Is there any way to copy his bet as a retail trader?
Uhhhh stay at home? So play games?
💎🙌
Really? I found it so boring. I’m not a fan of his style I guess
What’s your position on em
TMR is red for sure. Everyone is trying to get rid of NIO
Earnings will be good so all the lil r/stocks bitch bois will sell their shares immediately triggering a fall
Who else wants to tittie fuck Billie Eilish
do i need to provide my ssn and bank info to participate? always down to help the nigerian royals out. theyre good peeps
You must be a young boomer
I don't really think we'll have full lockdowns like in March. It would totally destroy the economy and take years to fix. Also this time congress isn't as willing to create a stimmy either. They will have to do partial restrictions.
Why are you so damn mad? You doing alright Mr.Egg?
whats that thing where a group pretends to be stupid and crack stupid jokes but then real stupids get mixed into the group and the group all of a sudden is majority actually stupid?

oh yeah, WSB. That's what it is. We are the real stupids now boys.
LI or NIo tomorrow for day trade ?
[removed]
Price? I’m at 42.5
This guy has obviously never been to Africa. I’ve been in the BUFU highlands of Tanzania with better LTE than downtown Chicago.
Yeah if you buy it for nearly what you owe
Please let’s not make this a pseudo-psychology board thx. Ban
I'm need TSLA to have a 5% day tomorrow.
Is ZM going to gap up tomorrow?
How is that wrong. All of the gains since March have been in the overnight pretty much
Everyone knows it’s another 12% day tmrw lol

Edit: this aged well
[deleted]
Shush, it's gone. Get in a plane please
Ok, 200k into nio shares tomorrow, gotcha
Sell itm puts
UVXY 13.50p 0dexp, do it pussy!
A win is a win!! Learn from it and grow!
[deleted]
You beautiful mother fucker. Well done sir. Well done. Cash out and buy your self something nice. You’re one bad news away from loosing it all.
It’s their first earnings report, where do you compare that to?
Pay off your debt before trading again
TSLA is boomer stock.. there.. I said it
[deleted]
Sell before earnings. I personally got fucked by NIO on earnings (despite them doing crazy good).
tesla actually tried this several years ago and went away from it.
DKNG fucked me over last month. It was all high, then lost a ton of money on it. It hasnt gone back up to that level since, but its been steady in the low numbers.
[deleted]
If your portfolio had a VIX I'd buy calls on it
it actually drilled 9% and then recovered
50c, sold 50p super bullish. then I hedged with a 40p
EV depends on LI tomorrow 🙏
Is it theoretically possible to buy my mortgage when it gets sold off and then cancel it, cuz that would be cool.
I yolo into **SAM** 🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻🚀🚀🚀🚀
Your math is broken.
They’re going to kill the mouse. Shits going back to 110
Fuck fisker , China stocks never die
Tell us what you did so we can do the opposite.
Huh
Does +50 gonna get IV crush, but congrats on the +20, cheers
They invade your privacy and take your money at the same time!!   😃👍

Or you can even look at it like you’re paying them to invade your privacy 😃👍
That’s mostly because they don’t know the entire strand for covid yet. Only 60% I believe, last time i checked research.  Could just be another flu, we have no idea which particular strand of covid is most lethal, nor do we have a way of checking if you have those specific antibodies.

Here’s a pretty good read in it

https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-020-00502-w
Positions on calls?
I think he is down 18 % this year. he might be a member of this sub
Hopefully we’ll both be enjoying hot n fresh trendies tomorrow
I’m all for pumping but gay
This was not OP but ok
I don't care if SPY roller coasters down or elevators up. I just don't want theta cucks to win!
Do.  And I'm on the fucking phone right now cause imma yell at them
Not volatile enough
Yes
Ride share companies that already bleed money without ridership during widespread (maybe national) shutdowns. Can’t go tits up!
Would Roku and Netflix moon tm since disney + was such a success
[deleted]
But that’s also 500k less people selling a day
GME and you can buy me lunch after
Bruh, rates are low. Just pay monthly payments and invest your money that will earn more than 3%, like NIO calls
Havent checked in since early afternoon - how did pltr stay exactly flat
[Is this you?](https://i.imgflip.com/4m6hjo.jpg)
[removed]
seriously! need it to go to $4 by Jan
Cmon James. At least tickle the balls. Smdh
Well USA is looking like it may lockdown fairly soon as cases are going up, I’m holding Nio for the meantime and sell before earnings and hold until lockdown dip
Puts?
Thanks
Oh yes right to the back of the throat 🤡
I mean there is no reason for SPY to drill tomorrow. 355-360. VIX will be dead, I expect VIX to drill 4-5% before open.
Also if you had any awareness you’d realize the error comes from doing math with binary numbers where a vote can be 0 or 1 aka 1 bit

But sure you totally proved your point by finding a typo after I fixed it
where'd you hear this?
inverse. my calls are fuk
125
So calls for Monday Puts for Wednesday.
Back to even again 🤦
some parts of Africa are doing digital transactions at a faster pace the most developed nations.
Psh Tesla? Nah
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/6ixSwings the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
More expensive stuff are more attractive
"listening to uninformed people is worse than having no answer at all"  - Ray "retard" Dalio. Clearly he doesn't frequent WSB
Can somebody tell me what the mouse has up his sleeve on earnings. Really trying to understand why this stock isn’t at $110
They just adjusted to AH.
I’m going to go through my comment history and downvote everything
Why would you black out the account value? I'm sure pltr already has that data to give to the irs.
both are fantastic gangs, sign up for insane chicken dinners
[removed]
No I'm not no 🌈🐻
Buy Chinese EV bro
[deleted]
Mine too ,😥
cant fit 3 games on an entire system either
I have the worst fuckin luck....played earnings bought puts  on PLTR the shit dipped -8% and then bounced wtf 🤬
Me too
I had 200 calls when it was less than $2. I closed them out for a $1,500 gain..... I would have been a millionaire.
Same. 40 calls. Can’t wait to lose it all.
fixed
Wall Street Bets: Tokyo Drift
NIO is the new hot chick, we’ve used up fsly pussy already
Very wrong lol
it already has.

it was reduced from.2T to 1T

put in new ATH on pfizer lol.

check this out

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/11/biden-covid-advisor-says-us-lockdown-of-4-to-6-weeks-could-control-pandemic-and-revive-economy.html

imagine if they start flirting with the idea that 2T plus is on the menu.

ATH on half of what the market is hoping for.

youre right. thats bearish 😂😂😂😂
The good news is your all caught up on losing.
half-life of 73 days per [webmd](https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20200723/study-says-covid-19-antibodies-fade-quickly#:~:text=So%20far%2C%20researchers%20have,days%2C%20they%20wrote.) .
These are the leaders in China for EV. Someone's gotta do it. The future is the future.
Can I get a 4% gap upthe QQQ please
I remember when all you retards tried to short the market because lil yachty was dropping an album, quality wsb moment
Unusual whales posted a huge buy in jumia puts, say bye bye to your yolo
What is an anti vexxer?  You’re retarded. I’m not staying covid isn’t real, I’m saying the mortality risk for general population (healthy) is extremely low.  Locking down an entire country when it should just be at risk? Stay at home.
Oh heh heh
Ya some FD I got at close today....IV bombs for sure 💣
Let's get back above 360 then make our way down to 280. People need excitement.
Well I agree with you. Damn commies are all over Reddit
Market chameleon
Get in tomorrow EOD?
I feel like the people buying DKNG AH know something we don't... or it is wishful thinking because I have calls.
130 at open
I got NIO calls dated for 11/27. I'm holding through earnings
Bulls just know that all your gains happen when the majority of Americans are sleeping. That’s some pussy shit if you ask me. Knock me down when I’m standing tall not when I’m sleeping.
Welpppp
CORONAVIRUS!
What’s worse TSLA OR CHINA EV gang?
True
Hope so
https://youtu.be/y_7WTfoWOMo

shit your right, i remember that cut from way back
Ok Daddy
I like the sound of southern Cali but we both unfortunately work pretty rigorous hours and adding the west coast time change to that might really suck
PLTR back to red AH.
He bought LI puts
Apple 121 tomorrow, yes?
Do you eat crayons too?
This is what I thought of when John wick came out and was trying to tell a friend why he should check it out.  Couldn't remember " gun kata " so told my buddy it's keanu being a gun ballerina.
The chart resemblance of NIO to TSLA when it went parabolic is comical
And XPEVs
I take delivery of my new iPhone tomorrow. On Friday the 13th. What the hell Apple
The number 13 is NOT lucky in China. The number 8 is
Motley fool article no Thx
Needed bigger fwd guidance
[deleted]
I think ABBV is going down big soon...

[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abbvie-inc-abbv-chairman-board-231508714.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abbvie-inc-abbv-chairman-board-231508714.html)
Everyone needs to fuckin read this right now because I can’t stop laughing holy shit 

Does Will Meade even trade options??

https://twitter.com/realwillmeade/status/1327040229526663176?s=21
Lol they have internet in Africa ? Puts tomorrow thanks for dd retard
Feels like BABA is going to tank again
Lol I'm long term on ev so dips are just buying opportunities
Sell it all. Buy puts.
It was fixed before you shit posted lol. Gratz on recognizing mobile phone errors. You probably see my millions aren’t in the exponent too since I don’t normally type in math on a mobile phone into Reddit so I don’t know the syntax 👏

Congrats on recognizing that LaTeX is the proper way to express math zzz
My portfolio
Just FYI, don't blindly follow those. Whales have ways to hide their true plays and sometimes these are just hedges. 
Cheddar flow, flowalgo
I prefer day trading but it's time consuming and stressful and makes it difficult to get other work done during the morning/day. Sell options.
Source?
Ya don’t say?! Who knew!
[deleted]
How come Robinhood doesn’t let you buy 1 cent contracts anymore? They all start at 5 cents.
😑
Not terrible now get someone to sing it
I left 6 figures on the table with NIO/LI/XPEV.  Why couldn't I hold them?  Fear of them opening at <$1 due to Chinese Fraud left in my taste buds.
Souther utah/southern ca
earnings my boy hence the prayers bc it went down 8% then bounced like a bitch 😭
[deleted]
Thanks for the reply. That was actually first on the list. Was about to lock in an apt there in October but changed gears . Weather not as ideal in jan / feb but still seems like a good spot to be
https://twitter.com/realwillmeade/status/1327040229526663176?s=21
Probably had NIO calls
I remember when NIO was $1.2
Buying tdoc is like getting a 2% daily interest until I figure out what to throw that money at
[deleted]
Technically illegal but both thrive
[deleted]
>philanthropist

Just another word that rich people get to use and I can't since I'm middle upper  lower class.
It died with Toys R Us, there's some more for you
[deleted]
I'm importing an Xpeng if this turns to a 10 bagger
Xpeng or Li, NIO long term
Just send me all your money. Better it stays in WSB family vs going to some institutional investor.
Would be really surprised if NIO doesn't bounce off $50 and drill to $45.   I'm probably going to be surprised 😎
BLNK
[deleted]
It’s gonna stay flat so all options are fuk
Ive gone from 10k to 20k and back down again 3 times now... nio put me back at 20k and i think i learned my lesson by selling this time... the question is what do i get to get my account to 25k before 2021
I hope I can teach you something here, 1^50,000,000 = 1^5,000,000 = 1^5 = 1
Your brain dead if you think Monday will be red
Every company throws around the AI term to get points. I was actually offered a job to simply be a figurehead so they could tell investors they had a machine learning expert from Google. They had no intention of implementing any machine learning, but do basic run of the mill Bayesian and non-parametric statistics.
welp futures just broke 3500
[deleted]
Nio $52.39 tomorrow’s high
Ok then, go to Venezuela or some shit
What’s the word on $DIS earnings. Anything to justify the $140 pricing
I just want 260k to pay off my house is that too much to ask?
growth meaningless without context
Banks are really tightening lending standards across the board. Sign of a recession according to Steven Van Metre
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Pomona-360 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nice but TDA, Charles schawb, M1 were all down.
I am the worst trader ever. The one time I cut something before ER to take the profit, it fucking moons even harder. FTCH fuk u
Nah it’s him, he just blocked me for pointing it out hahaha
Why is my gut telling me that there’s gonna be a global economic crash tonight? Whatever, my gut has lost me thousands of dollars anyway
It's going to 35 before Christmas I'm expecting it to go to 35 tomorrow. If you sell on the calls that you have now and point them  further out than six months you should be golden
[deleted]
Damn wish I was makin doctor salary. What we talkin like 300k ?
Does it have to be palantir?
Nice try deutche bank.
Sir this is a casino
Robinhood has confetti
PLTR has 52% growth but price falls....
We gotta make the really rich bastards pay more so we can pay less and have more to "invest".
Option alpha YouTube. Look up selling calls and selling puts. And credit spreads, you’re welcome.
perfectly normal ATHs while a pandemic sweeps the country
Calls on Burisma
That pump at end of day was drill team taking the elevator up for their break.
6.9% isn't good but from where we were just a few months ago, it's an improvement but you're right.
10 beautiful calls on them 🥰
They have both made me more bank
[deleted]
wondering if all these big spy and qqq puts over last few days are hedges or...
I’ve been buying DKNG since 49 lmao
Like if you enjoy getting raw dogged in the ass by palantir😃👍🏼
We dont withhold information.
Depending on how far south you’d like to travel, Charleston, South Carolina is a really cool town.
Wish Nio would dip in the morning
Every brokerage? I was on Fidelity on Monday and trading just fine.
Ok Chris
Lmao this is LTC and valve all over again, just buy the real deal instead
Listen up, Jack ™  
I bought 25 shares when they dropped to $2.25.   
I was scared to buy more during Trump's anti-China rhetoric and too greedy to buy at market rate. I have 15+ limit orders of 100+ shares with \~10 cents under market rates between $3-5 that were never fulfilled.   


Thankfully one has executed at $9.
Good time to sell
yeah no money floating to you
FlowAlgo
Just replace "gun" with "stonks"
You realize that it will be talked about just not in the light that you are hoping for. The headlines will read stimulus delayed until Biden is in office etc..... Furthermore mix in Mconnell arguing stimulus isnt needed and you have a real doozy on your hands. Actually use your brain and stop parroting what 90% of this sub is saying bearish until hes sworn in.
It's 2020 though that means good luck
Where’s your accountabilibuddy?
Actually he usually works 20/week ER 20 teladoc, 40hrs ER would be too much, but he wants a full time doctor salary.
Don’t worry! With $115 in your account you still have more money then me
I hated Chyna for about 3 weeks after Covid but DAMN... Nio making me love them again
You’re all caught up!
Lmao! Its classily displayed on a fur rug!
He is actually your wife's boyfriend's boyfriend.
Actually if you zoom in a bit you almost can and if you are smart like me you can also calculate it with the past month returns 

but ouh well most people just aren’t smart like me.

I’m special my mother told me.
My fat pooh bear fingers smashed the sell call button on ibkr instead of sell put.
Monday I thought I lost 60 percent of my account. I did lose but doubled down on the opportunity of the reversal from vaccine news. Ppl buying AMC and Cruises while dumping medical supplies during a pandemic put me double up from where is started.
Futures super flat. Drilling team on break after a long day's work. Night shift to show up very soon.
My whole crew driving NIOs if this keeps up
BAN!!!

Ffs r/lostredditors
Jumia has some retard strength. It def won’t be a 10bagger but you can make a solid 300% gain IF the markets go in your favor
You guys are nothing but a bunch a NIO lovers
$CRWD: endpoint security will be big in coming months and years. More people getting work computers and phones then getting hacked/phished means increasing need for endpoint protection.
can't completely disagree with you here; but if there is one thing media and the political campaigns have done well this year is get people emotional and polarize them
Funny cause on Monday, every brokerage was down but RH was up and trading. RH is perfectly fine for long term investing.
Raised rev 50% over the q and raised guidance, hopefully they get some upgrades, will watch if it dips at open and buy some monthlies either way.
I bought 2022 put debits near the ATH that paid nicely but exited cause apparently covid = buy ZM lol. I'll reenter pre earnings.

Might be that zoom has thr best ever video conference software. If that's true I'll lose the trade 🤷‍♂️
This is a terrible idea, Jumia just reported awful earnings. This company is the Nikola of e-commerce.
Peep the leaderboard😤
Yea something whack
[deleted]
I agree fuck them! Shall we buy WFC puts
Second this 🥴👍
Damn😔
I’m selling puts on NIO, I’ve got a lotto ticket, and I’m getting banned if ER is shit. If I owned shares I’d be the omega bull
[deleted]
Tell the IRS you identify as a hedge fund and personal income conflicts with your existence.

They will understand and leave you alone.
[deleted]
If you don’t know the answer you can’t say ban. Dems da rules
Everybody wants to retire early.
fade until tomorrow, then BOOM.
The fact that people can throw billions and BILLIONS and billions of dollars every electric vehicle startup 1 through 67 proves we need to raise taxes. Far too much money floating around.
Retards in WSB dont even know that this company doesn't do AI or machine learning.
Bad bot.
What’s a good unusual options activity tracker?
Was born on a Friday the 13th. Special days for me, always.

SPY 360 at open.
Want to make a leveraged bet on a penny stock. Unfortunately it has options only till April next year.

I don't want to buy stocks on margin because penny ain't far from 0. What do?
We already played this out over the summer.  More cases means more pumping.  Dump when the dust settles.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jsally17 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Friday the 13th tomorrow. Gonna be red for sure
Nothing takes me back to a time I imagine to have been happier than I am now quite like old Jersey Shore
Tomorrow will either solidify my losses with that position or save my ass
[deleted]
COST 370p 0dte
I dare you to gamble on xpev puts.
Lawd those coronavirus numbers
were just consuming remotely now what are you talking about
Secured another 3 month sublet on my nyc apt. Fiancé and I are looking to spend a month or 2 somewhere on the east coast in jan/feb. any suggestions? We have a dog, like to be outside, and spend our money on food
It's absurd to even talk about "sanctions" on specific companies... I hope our politicians realize that it's all the same thing and are just treating us like we're retarded ones... Then again a Qanon supporter just got elected to the house so who knows...
wait fucking crying Bill is back? guess he has another big short lined up. "if we don't shut down the country then 1 out of 5 babies will die" gtfo
PTON gang WYA? We hitting $115 tomorrow
99.9%
Fucking how
6.9% ain’t good, we’re starting to see people drop off of unemployment because they’ve exhausted their benefits (i.e. they are now really fucked), and we’re sniffing ATH. I wouldn’t be surprised to hold or drift down for six months. Covid questions essentially boil down to how bad through winter (shutdowns are irrelevant if people are concerned about going out) and will Congress get its shit together to throw a lifeline to the mostly service workers who might be out of work until summer.
how do I not pay taxes on my stocks? Do I just leave it in shares and it cant be taxed?
No one wears a mask cuz america is a free country.

Also america :  brothels and cocaine are illegal.

are we really free? Thats what i want to buy with my trendies.

cant wait to spend my tendies in europe, asia, canada when borders open.
Futures just went green without price change??? Lol What
Big PSA
Can they not just aborts yous?
[deleted]
Hey whatever works for you
I'm surprised it's just staying flat. Bought straddles hoping for some volatility
Yeah.
Any significance to J.P. Morgan  and others buying atlas air today?👁
Well if you have 50 million votes left to count then there are 2^50 million ways they could be filled out

When you have 5 million votes left, there are 2^5 million ways they could be filled out 

When there are a handful of disputed ballots left, there are 2^5 ways they could be filled out

So if you’re behind in an election and you need a hundred thousand new votes in your favor, then your chance to win decreases as the number of outstanding ballots goes to zero. In other words, the number of ways to fill out the remaining ballots while gaining 100,000 votes goes to zero.

It’s called exponential decay. It’s the reason why Trump was a 98% favorite and now the bets have already been paid out for Biden.

Glad you could learn something
Smart of him to block it out
Futures don't know what to do. After a day like today, there's only one way to go and it's not up.
I am sad since morning coz of this. Thanks anyway bro
[deleted]
its down .5% ah why the fuck would it drop that much
PDD if it dips
chance of nio gapping over $50 tmr?
Positions?
PLTR 11/19/21 15c
It doesn't because I'm not a rabidly pessimistic bear. The whole world is leaning on PFE; billions of doses have been ordered. Far too much skin in the game for it to be a Wizard of Oz Man Behind The Curtain style trick. Let's see how it goes.
Nothing bad ever happened to anyone who bet their all on one stonk. Just sayyyinnnng. Good luck
Yeah already came back down AH
Is that enough to take RKT to the moon?
I kinda feel like you'll be good
LOL TELL THAT TO MY CALLS!!!!
Do it no balls
Take all those feeling and bury them so deep that they never see the light of day again
Too many communists in this sub, I need my freedom back
Am blind what’s the acct value?
Nice
Share may refer to:

Share, to make joint use of a resource (such as food, money, or space); see Sharing
Share (finance), a stock or other financial security (such as a mutual fund)
Share, Kwara, a town and LGA in Kwara State, NigeriaShare may also refer to:


== Arts, entertainment, and media ==
Share (2015 film), a short drama film
Share (2019 film), a feature drama film
Share (newspaper), a newspaper in Toronto, Canada
Ratings share, percentage of television sets in use tuned to a program, according to the Nielsen Ratings


== Computing ==
share (command), a shell command
SHARE (computing), a user group for IBM mainframe computers
Share (P2P), a Japanese P2P computer program, the successor to Winny
Share, a software service of Acrobat.com used for sending files
File sharing
Network share, a file storage area that is available over a computer network
Share icon, a user interface icon intended to convey performing a share action
SHARE Operating System, the first operating system, by the SHARE user group


== Organizations ==
SHARE cancer support, a New York City organization supporting women with cancer
SHARE Foundation (El Salvador), an El Salvador justice organization
Share Foundation, a medical charity in Newfoundland
SHARE in Africa, an American charity organization
Share International, a religious movement founded by British painter Benjamin Creme
Skeptics and Humanist Aid and Relief Effort, or SHARE, a charity arm of the Center for Inquiry
Students Harness Aid for the Relief of the Elderly, or SHARE, a charity in Cork, Ireland


== Other uses ==
Southern Hemisphere Auroral Radar Experiment, or SHARE, tracking space weather from Antarctica
Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe, or SHARE, a health and social study in Europe


== See also ==
All pages with titles beginning with Share 
All pages with titles containing Share
Cher
Plowshare, the cutting blade of a plow (plough)
Ridesharing (disambiguation)
Shared (disambiguation)
Timeshare (disambiguation)

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Share 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Official Buffalo Bills Tik Tok, we made it! Turns out their QB is an autist!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt682s
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt682s) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Aladean1217, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
MadejustforWSB
BigZard
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I got a 2 bagger on XPENG 

I bought a week after their IPO
Shit will skyrocket on earnings and with the shutdown announcements from Buy-then

Planning to put my cc and $2k on weeklies during earnings
Timothy Donald Cook (born November 1, 1960) is an American business executive, philanthropist and industrial engineer. Cook is the chief executive officer of Apple Inc., and previously served as the company's chief operating officer under its cofounder Steve Jobs.Cook joined Apple in March 1998 as a senior vice president for worldwide operations, and then served as the executive vice president for worldwide sales and operations.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Cook 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
[deleted]
I buy calls until 420 and puts when above it
Same but OP is right, he latches onto doom like a dog with a bone.  LOL
Decline pressed today but the cline is silent
[deleted]
I would give gold if he called him Eron.
What's a share?
Dkng has been fkng me for weeks now
[deleted]
Has to be a troll account
Joe Biden would do it and then come out with a bull shit as speech...
Palantir is destroying me
Who's Tim Cook?
On me and my $BECKYs one year anniversary trip and I'm just sitting in the Ritz Carlton lobby jerking off to NIO after hour charts on my laptop.
Check out the website they are cool looking
I just found out about a XPEV today. I got 10k in it
Why you gotta hate on Su Babe
...

Is that a joke
Solo.  6c dec14
Yeah, but he might not be majority leader next year
Solitary Jeff
[deleted]
[deleted]
$25 by feb
Don’t fade on me LI baby
It is like you didn't even read what I wrote. I don't give a fuck about Trump. Just because Trump sucks doesn't mean Biden has to be a great man. 

Biden has a history of policy that has hurt America. The guy made racial statements about inner city blacks and the "urban jungle" (not to mention literally telling blacks during this year that if they don't vote for him; they aren't black). The guy led a congressional committee that slandered Clarence Thomas with false sex accusations (they likely paid a hooker to lie. Clarence was completely absolved) in order to block his nomination to the supreme court). 

Again you ignore that Hunter was making millions on the board of Burisma while Joe was running Ukraine foreign policy (do you honestly not know that this is a fact admitted even by Biden's side? Joe just says he has nothing to do with it - Hunter got that on his own merits). None of this is conspiracy or fake news. 

You can google the pictures of Hunter with a crack pipe or skyping Hallie Biden nude right now. They don't even deny this - they just say he was hacked. And the media blacked it out. 

My issue isn't really partisan. My problem is primarily with the media and tech companies who selectively control information. 

Then there are the antifa tier leftists who are just retarded. The actually think Trump was hitler and that Biden will be their savior. Biden is a fucking neocon like Bush. Nothing will change. 

Nothing will change - this is the one thing you can bet on
That’s fucked I’m sorry bro
This! Fuck you Ackman
Lol the broker is the best part. I hope you work for them and have no choice but to use them to trade
damn doctors need to make extra cash too ?
Why do i have so much money invested in NIO and have never seen one of their cars
jesus christ
APT and GRWG and then throw out a wide long term net. [44.4% two days in a row](https://imgur.com/gallery/pokpEr)

Also puts and calls straddling 7.50 for ACB because ppl are silly. Long term puts though
[deleted]
Will my dkng calls fuk me tomorrow
This has been expected since last winter. Lmao.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/rocketmango411 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lost cause
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/redeye7142 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fucking mooning soon
Mostly just brought it up to bust your chops, but I agree most are probably pretty slimy
I'm hoping too!
Mostly CSs on WMT expiring tomorrow
[deleted]
Earnings beat expectations and guidance is higher for the next year. 

Puts Tuesday 
Calls Wednesday 
Puts Thursday
Calls Friday 

Duh
I know you’re right lol, this stock hasn’t had a single week without amazing news since the JPMorgan upgrade on 10/14, this growth is not sustainable at all. But it’s foolish to short it during literal China EV ER week
And
Stonks!!!
Oooohhh that’s rough! It’s so hard not to get stuck in that mentality. I’m constantly thinking back to what if’s. Maybe you get over that at some point. Or just try to learn from the mistakes
I sold my 12/18 calls and bought pfe calls throughout next year, but maybe
Lol why
But were they IPOing/direct listing a few weeks later? If not, it isn't the same.
Will Meade just actively encouraged buying options strictly before earnings because the “premiums don’t take as much of a hit” 

Shit Will Meade you fuckin rascal if only that were the fuckin case
[deleted]
[removed]
I think our puts are safe judging by that after hours movement 😂
They've been saying winter is going to be ever worse though and looks like it might be.
#smash
just buy NIO 11/20C for max gains and switch to stock for earnings
Can PLTR go -20% tmw? Got some FDs I need prayers fam 🙏
Had 50-50 portfolio distributed between XPEV and LI last week. Limit order triggered when they both dipped one morning. I wanna die.
Sentiment is lost on you. Fair chance of a sharp dip in next week-2 week radius (w.o big FDA approval vaccine pump); get past that and it should start looking blue skies. 
Been here before when Europe locked down 2 wks ago; Index dipped & was back up 20% within a fortnight.
Do your fucking schoolwork dumbass think about it like this you could spend years and years trying to work out the knowledge and experience trading or you can spend years and years learning a skill set that you could make money on at any point in time not only that but you can make money at your job and trade as a hobby

Or you could do like the rest of these idiots and trade as your full-time job with next to no income and wondering why you don’t have a leg up compared to the guy who started out with $20,000 because he spent four years in college getting an actual job to pay for his gambling addiction

Now if you don’t actually like what you’re doing for school then I can understand where you’re coming from maybe you should ask yourself what you like to do
Will be 30 on 11/17
Example:

SQ is at 178 right now

Buy shares with 100k, you get 561 shares

Sell 5 $200 calls with a June 2021 expiry valued at $21 right now. This will net you $10,500.

Use the $10,500 to buy more SQ shares, 59 shares at 178.

Put in a sell order for the remaining shares at $200 as well. 

When all is said and down, you will finish at $124k in June is SQ passes 200

Granted you can make more but this is a pretty safe, solid return that beats any fund
Yes please
XPENG ! 
They have autonomous driving 
They own one great factory will be 2 with a couple of years.
https://youtu.be/608hZu49eFk
The song's lyrics are literally gibberish 😂
Not if you bought this morning for 11/13 expiry
That’s not how you spell NIO
hold. wait for next earnings if you can.
Cocaine Mitch isn’t budging off 500 billion
nio announcing there new electric tank for the chinese military tomorrow. to the moon
PLTR
My cousin is a doctor and apparently ER doctors often get paid by the hour as contractors and work TDOC to make extra cash. Very busy lately.
The real question here is:

Is your Portfolio actually impressive?
Until Tuesday yah
Why are we green..?? I don’t want money
Yeah none of that’s true. PFE CEO sold 60% of his shares Monday. It’s a pump and dump. And China and Russia doing human testing on their own populaces should only horrify you.
I have a dream that even when the Covid vaccine is widely distributed and the virus is no longer a concern, that people don’t return to their retarded, consumption to no end, way of life.
This makes Bronsexuals feel uncomfortable
I hear that! Kudos for you for staying disciplined. There’s always money to be made (and lost!)
what 19yo has 40k to throw away? He will lose it all within a year guranteed
[deleted]
Loser
https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/nio/options
Jumping back up to 10% positivity and a breaking number of hospitalizations is definitely not in the 'already known' bucket
Link me too if you find it
Then why speak
This is comedy gold thank you for posting this
Why would you throw money away like that
[deleted]
thanks
I would’ve sold last week. But yeah switch it to puts maybe 330p
FCEL to the moon plz
82.5p 11/20....eeeek
Saturday, I think
[deleted]
People that bought XPEV made far more than NIO buyers.
I am just going to bed and PLTR better be down bigly when market opens.
you have a memory leak
Thoughts on shorting Fossil on market open?
Looking to get in on NIO 11/20C or 11/27C before ER. Buy tomorrow, Monday, or Tuesday? What strike?
Def can’t read the total account value at all
Nah you have to be good at photoshop. Or sealing driveways.
Unless drill mission as MM get impatient and decide, "Fuck it, I'll sell everything and tank the market so I can just buy back in cheaper and rinse and repeat"
Well then fuck em. Glad they're gone
Have you tried going into nio
I'd be a happy autist
***m00ning***
[deleted]
How does this help my 11/13 calls?
What if 🥭 is an alien and wins a recount and takes presidency? Priced in nvm
That was a small leftover pump from earnings which should of kept going to be honest...
I did sell most of my puts today for 50% profit though still have one that’s worth $80 at close so probably $0 at open
Why
my retarded ass bought puts on nio today. $rope
RIGHT before the direct listing? Yes lets go sell a crap ton literally weeks before the direct listing because I can't wait three more weeks. Your insight is dumb. Yes lets to sell my shares at the very bottom its been at for over 3 years right before the listing. 

&#x200B;

I worked at a startup too before moving to Google.  RSUs are part of all tech packages of any reputable company.
Sippy cup reversal forming
 Thinking of selling my house and renting so I can throw a few hundred K into NIO...so I can make a few milly and retire
Yup.  If they do well on earnings I'll buy back in the next day once the stock price collapses.
I'm not good at math show me $
That makes perfect sense if it’s gradual and regular. But 60% of his holdings right after an announcement? 

Sure he can’t control when it’s sold but what about the timing of the announcement?
Usually with these Disney earnings run up they fizzle out and it returns back to where it was before the pump.
And let retards with savings accounts win, fuck that
[deleted]
Only time EV puts have worked out are EOD sell at open dip
Oh gonna be ITM for sure man don’t even sweat it
Green now by .15 percent
Why is 120bn the max? Because they set that rule? Couldn't they just raise the limit "due the circumstances"?
Whats wrong with IBKR?
[deleted]
This is what we come here for
[removed]
What’s the move with longer dated PLTR calls? I’ve got some expiring in Feb ‘21.
Wow, grats. Realizing WSB isn’t the best place to learn, but trying to get into it! Only just decided to take the plunge
You have WSB in your username and you’re asking if you should invest in... stocks?
These guys IPOd just to do a share buy back. Fucking lame, they better use those shares later for an acquisition or something to increase the fundementals of their business.
Haha, doo doo.
Congress isn’t divided yet
This is dd i Come for
AmD better be red tomorrow
Have you seen the KNDI car? Hell no shits ugly af.
Click username for history currently on $18.5, $19, $19.5 nclh 11/13 Call
the same as mine.... worthless....
DONT DO IT. Ugly overpriced and not practical cars
>most of America you can get a solid home for under 300k

\*cries in California\*
i could ask the same question about your mother and both answers would be relevant.
Tesla never went down its just chillin
So my PFE 12/18 calls are safe? 🤕
Happy pie day friend! I see a comeback I just think it won’t be til q1 2020
You’re a G. Thanks for the award bub
Yea they usually pay for sponsorship (office bookstore of this college), rent if it is located in campus, advertisements (banners, mentions during games etc). Amazon doesn’t do much of that.

College is designed to suck money from your pocket
Buy NIO instead
You may be right. It's hard to tell since in the past depressions things like those didn't really exist.
Probably
One of these days you’ll be able to say I told you so.
Japanification of our markets isn’t a solution
That does sound pretty in depth. Sounds like you actually got your money’s worth here.
It’s going to 69 confirmed
Which is a strange idea now that bidens elected there's no reason for politics and finance to work together. We can go back to actual real due diligence on Bloomberg and CNBC and we can take the politics and leave it on political shows
Can we ban tiktoks
Li is going to 100!
So things might go up but be careful they go down too. Smart, mod this fucker
What does that have to do with the mask mandate? Telling people to wear masks to contain the virus isn't' killing anyone. Cases rise every single day because of minority number of people who share similar ideals like you. It's similar to anti vexxers who spread measles to other people cause they think they know more than the scientists.
Do you suspect a LI dump in the morning?
I have puts
While that seems intuitive, often doing the opposite gives better returns. Winners keep winning.
Not too bas
My nAmE Is JeFf
Because the service and platform stability is terrible.
[removed]
Yes. I agree. When you think about it, this is like early startup level burn rates. Sure they have sales, but it is a fuking furnace. You bag holders are taking high risk for little reward. If you want high risk high return, you need to get in a start early before massive dilution haha. I have a feeling they avoided IPO to avoid having to list all their risk of why they can fail.

Plus if you guys wanted to you could have bought the shares for less than half the direct listing day close in August as long as you were willing to buy 100k worth.
go bills.
What if you're the opposite? +200% to -75%?
[deleted]
Lol
Interested in Dollar General based on the high odds of a split congress passing little if any stimulus money along with the long-term economic fallout of COVID
Because he has a personality disorder
https://youtu.be/wcy1aH10MjU Daily Market Update without technical analysis bull shit
Keep an eye on BLNK   - Operator & Provider of E.V Charging equipment
My friend put $100,000 in NIO when it was $9-$10 back in March 2019 or something. He sold all his positions at $4-$5.
When I complain that I missed a Tesla by selling my 30 shares at $700 (pre split), he just replies “Well I miss a fucking house”
[removed]
Plays or no fofofo for you
HA.   FUCK
NIO call holders ... keep bangin
EV's a bigger bubble than LA culture
I'm confused, do I follow this Christian Bale or the Cristian Bale wearing The Big Short(s)????????
Thanks for letting us know 2 years late
Everything related to Covid is already known and was expected. What could possibly make this market drop a lot at this point? Unemployment is already back down to 6.9%. There could be another shut down but everyone knows what to expect already so there's no surprise factor.

Aliens?
I wouldn’t underestimate jPow’s powerful tools.
Always has been
[deleted]
Facepalm
lol
Yeah I agree with all of that 100%. As long as the advice isn't to go short before ER or some shit, lol.

WSB just needs to exit their long options plays before ER
No clue. I bought 500 shares at $4.84 in April 2019 and have been selling during this run. Down to my last 50 shares right now.
bas
Definitely loading some more weekly puts tomorrow if we pump overnight
To be fair, I didn’t get involved until this week after the drop. Teams is from what I’ve heard from all of my teacher friends is a lot less reliable than zoom.
Not if he loses it all before the year
will i get fucked if i use my whole account to buy xpev
I've always hated raw radishes my whole fucking life I have no idea why they're in salads they taste like dirty ass
Bills mafia baby🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I sold my 11/13 45c Tuesday for a loss if that makes you feel better
Priced in
I really dodged the bullet that was GME lol I'll try catching the squeeze in January
Yes but its kinda different. LI’s recalled like half of their cars coz of some suspension issue
I like shep on CNBC. never noticed him on fox or ignored him cuz he was on fox
[deleted]
Ah man, you're using your intelligence to rationalize emotional views. 

It's like having Aston Martin db11 and using it to haul landscaping equipment. 

Those kind of beliefs are a drug, and they're fun. 

I'm telling you this as a reformed Rush Limbaugh ditto head myself. I was a blowhard Fox news obsessed conservative in early 2000s. 

Never believe things just cuz you want to believe them. You see a video where a headline and you get excited because you hope it's true, that should be a warning that it's prob false
[deleted]
Good god I would be able to get off the great value train if did
[deleted]
DID I SELL? HELL NO WE GOING FOR 2,000% RETURNS AFTER THEY SMASH EARNINGS!
/Coronavirus is funny they remove any posts that is not doom and gloom.
Wtf futures
13 is lucky in China...NIO to the moon
or ya know maybe they've been with the company for 10+ years and they want to take profit and be rewarded for working absurd hours?

&#x200B;

when I was at a startup the first opportunity I had to offload shares I did, I'm gettin mine fuck y'all. It's part of the comp package. What do you want them to do? Treat it like a pension and cash out at 67? wtf, dumb insight.
after hours up 3.81%... 

don’t wanna say it’s gonna moon, but shit might moon.

nov 13/45c
nov 20/50c
We gapped up 15 points between Friday and Monday and been slowly bleeding down this week. Moon mission resumes next week.
RIP
A puppet for who though? The AOC and Sanders puppeteers?

Or billionaires, special interest groups, government officials and lobbyists?

I believe the real truth is the second option.
Ally, please tank soon. My wife promised to upgrade me to wet cat food if these puts print.
negative interest rates are coming
How do you fuck up so hard?
You're mad cause all the IV in your calls is gone now and you'll lose 50% if it doesn't open above $15

Meanwhile the puts are close to break even and the sentiment after hours shows that puts were the smart choice.
Lol sure buddy
BRUHI TOLD YOU. THEY HIT 1,000% RETURNS. SCARED MONEY DONT MAKE MONEY😤
We're potentially 2-3 weeks away from emergency approval for use of a vaccine. Batches have already been manufactured. Russia + China have already variously been injecting their own populations with probable inferior variations. There is continued commitment to an economic stimulus plan. If a mini-crash comes then keep your fingers out of the pie until it calms, take a breath and buy the dip ...
Tbh when Li first IPOd talk was they were the more luxury brand vs Nio. Nio was just bigger with gov backing plus Baas. Had shares for awhile but let em go too soon lol.
They’re already putting 120bn a month into the market qe is pretty much at the max rn to prevent another crash. If it crashes there’s no real way to unfuk the market
Thinking of jumping back in soon. Can we officially be called Gameboys?
Im here but holy shit
NIO was probably the most retarded and best play at the same time. It will live in legend forever.
Haha it says .64
i have 100k but i don’t know what any of this means so nio shares it is
Like 5 years?
Sold at open. That means god I cut losses early
XPEV calls or puts?
Right so the college is sucking even more money out of us? Then fuck them too
Best man pussy I've ever had :)
I'm upvoting you instead, retard.
This
Do you want to eat like a greek god or like the plebs?
Hang on lemme see what I’m bagholding
This dude tosses salads!
Is STMPS not fuk if I get assigned at this price tm?
Up
how does my 11/13 16C and 17C look 🙏🏻
Yea I'm holding forever.
Baba ain’t on the list boys
Very true😂🆘
$200
Nio
$300 ain't bad fam!
Missed out big time on FSLY and DDOG 😖😖😖
How the fuck do you not make money with NIO, I doubled my money in 2 weeks, and shees  its still just the start
I trust him because he wears a suit
yep if there's a Luckin Coffee hiding in this crop of Chinese EV tickers, KNDI is it
$100 incoming
I mean, it's implied. If I say a stock is in a gamma rally and someone says "lol someone has puts," that implies that I am bitterly lashing out at a company because I'm mad.

In reality, I'm right, and my little lotto tickets didn't time it right.
bois, what's the next meme stock? we need to truly unite for it
and? who cares
How
You would think yes, but in this market yes means no, and no means vibing cats taking up most of the front page.
Good or bas
You got it right.
Disney predictions tomorrow?
Bought options during the past one week. Bought LI and XPEV stocks right after their ipo.
WSB: Let’s all pile into the next Blockbuster and wait for a short squeeze!

Also WSB: Chinese TSLA? That shit is a scam
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsv6kl/nio_bulls_to_bears_at_open/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Bought options during the past one week. Bought LI and XPEV stocks right after their ipo.
Bro I have a SPY 350c for 2/20/21 should I sell at open ?!?
NIO you better be at 40 when I wake up tomorrow
still bagholding a $300 loss on shares. feelsbad
Haha  👀 unless...?
yup. 2 11/20 $40 I got for .63
It’s not coming back from this is it ?!?! ORRRRRR it’ll reverse the market like when an earnings does good and do the opposite .. so all I can imagine is sunny skies for this bad boy
[deleted]
Boomer 30 just popped
Literally what else does he need to know?
negative
Why couldn't they just print more like before?
SRAC in due time will be
Schwab - I have a individual brokerage and IRA account with Schwab and only trade stocks on this platform. I use TD Ameritrade (thinkorswim) for options.
Don’t focus on the bubble itself, focus on how big the bubble will get and how much money you can make. LMAO. We’re at the casino after all...
I had 10k. Not sure what went wrong
They are quite ugly
They retarded
Cases will just keep rising until 10 milly a day without any explanation... Seems to be how this shit works...
I can turn your -100% into -420%
Jesus, going from Cramer to Shepard Smith is so jarring...

Cramer: "I always like to say there's a bull market somewhere! And I promise to find it just for you. The news with Shepard Smith starts now! :D"

Shepard Smith: "The BODIES are PILING UP. This MARCH OF DEATH shows no sign of slowing. Doom. DOoooooOM. DOOOOOOOMMMMMM"
NKLA 100C 1/21
Just need to hold until Tuesday
ZM doesn't really have a competitive edge, or a path to grow into its valuation. Not yet, anyway. 

I use Teams for my day job. Video conferencing works great. 

Unless they prove a massive innovation into growing their revenue streams pre vaccine, longs will get absolutely fucked by the end of the pandemic. -22% to start this week.
There is a rumor about Li that I won’t tell you. You’ll need to guess.
I also do not respect the sec
Lol wishing you well soldier
Wow so patriotic
🤣🤣 canoo is the worst
Analysts are useless is what you're telling me
Fuck it bro Imma go full retard on the next meme stonk. Already missed the Gyna EV ship, gimme the next meme stonk
Greek salad is A tier salad. also a tier is taco salad. B tier is ceaser.salad with chipotle shit and avacado is so B tier. c tier is your basic italian. d tier is shit your mom makes with radish and thousand Island dressing.
No, they did a comprehensive rundown of my financial goals and put together a plan that covered all sorts of stuff that I wouldn't think about normally. 

Examples include (but not limited to):
- assessing if I'm carrying enough insurance
- adjusting my cashflow to take advantage of my employee stock purchase plan while also meeting my other savings goals
- discussing strategies on how to pay tax on my company stock grants
- making sure the beneficiaries on my accounts were all correctly set up

They also found where I'd converted a traditional IRA to Roth and $15k in cash had been sitting invested for a few months (and would have continued to, as I don't actively fuck with that account).

Investopedia is great to learn the basics and I use it all the time. You may be fine self managing everything, but as your financial situation gets more complicated it becomes apparent that professionals still exist for a reason.

Oh and they also did create a proposed target asset allocation for me, but we're discussing that tomorrow. I'm sure there are shitty ones out there that just take your money and throw it in a high fee fund that benefits them, but there are also good ones, I believe.
Are you good at month?
[deleted]
I’d probably get as much stock on a good tech stock like AMD and write covered call against it, like 5-7$ on the weeklies. If I get assigned, wait for a dip to reinvest. Save some cash like 10k for leaps on things like NVDA  and invest/average down on red days
[deleted]
[deleted]
I made that comment when it was like $13.28 after earnings lmao

I bet it opens red and then I sell my put for double price.
Honestly -75% to 200% feels kinda bad. Why didn't I buy the dip?? I already had the position. Just no balls.
So, SPY 400?
Puts on biden
I have a feeling we would neither have bigly green or bigly red days. We will trade flat like this forever. 😣😣😣
Stick with your winners!!!
What if the Dix mooned and the S&P tanked lmao that would be hillarious
Every news station is completely trying to drill the markets and the market ain't havin it.
Anyone else miss out on NIO?
[removed]
Not having to worry about futures because China EV.
I’ve seen this happen before. Explanation is that the stock price hits a predetermined target level, x shares are automatically sold, laid out in a 10b5-1 plan submitted to the SEC months in advance.
Check out GRWG and their earnings call. Good outlook. They also tend to have a dip everyday to buy in. Bought a 27.3 break even price in Jan for cheap and it’s up 150 today
I'm sick of seeing Chinese EV companies go parabolic.  Lets see some action on American EV companies.

HCAC Feb $12.5c

Ride April $35c
At least with EVs you're investing in cleaner air
Thank god. My puts are fucking PRINTING
+200% but -75% YTD
next year bb
The scary thing about this market is if we have another crash there’s nothing the fed can do. Interest rates are already at 0 and qe is keeping us afloat rn. Although Jpow says there’s more tools in the bag we’re going to be in for tough times if this crashes
The company had 800+ mill in losses Q3. Their Sales was 1B ytd. They lost as much in one quarter as they made all fucking year. That’s why. This company is shit and the execs know too.
☝️🤣This guy.  Fucking Jeffrey.
Yes
Yep
Looks like spy puts
no and i wouldn't tell you if i did. Call Robinhood and ask
me: imma splurge on one spy put
CNBC: " grocery shoppers turn to premium foods instead of staples as corona cases surge across the US" no shit. Who wants to eat staples???
How come nobody does that with my positions???
Yo... you were right, 12% face ripper
Just took a domestic flight. Best flight experience ever. Got upgrade to first class with nobody next to me. Puts on airlines. Use profits to take yo girls somewhere nice.  I mean, Ima take your girls. Y’all are too busy pounding your phones.
Chinese Auto Stocks rn [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZVy1PPQOhU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZVy1PPQOhU)
He can give everyone in america like 400million dollars if be cashed out
Yeah except the average salary in that city is $20k, and the price of homes have doubled in less than 10 years.
Ban
Yea, calls today got super fucked.
no longer in wake-up-at-6am-PST danger

it’s been 4 days of that and i’m a full time college student AMA
every chinese “private” company financially supports their military, who are we lying to?
In going to cook the books and show gainz in my  rh account no matter what
Yeah I totally didn't google the leek song first when finding that
na fam, youre fuk, im good. shits up almost 2% after hours and going further.
Yeah, but I'd still argue that the Tesla rally was half gamma and half actual-investors. Whereas NIO is absolutely overbought to shit and 99.99999% of the people buying calls don't know a damn thing about it. They're buying "shares" in a shell company that is supposed to represent a separate company in China that, in theory, is maybe kinda cool? (but also hardly selling anything).

It's a straight euphoria rally based solely on the fact that it keeps going up. It's a positive feedback loop of buying because people are buying. And those rallies end badly.
$SPY below 350 tomorrow or I shout aloha cockbar behind Wendy's while crying.  

Edit:  *FUCK*
Been effectively legal for a while. In 2016 you could sit down at any cafe in Tel Aviv and see some hipster roasting a bone
DAILY REMINDER: The rug pull is tomorrow. For real this time.
Why do they want this POS that isn't profitable after 17 years still burning 1 billion a fuking quarter? This is massive startup level money burn and they still are targeting too niche areas to make big money.
It was at ATH yesterday lmao
At the very least I haven’t seen someone calling a circuit breaker in days so good on ya boys
We are not going fall for it this time
Why
Let’s try Li
dec 31
I’m with you on the Nio 50c 11/13. Godspeed retard
No shit she will be groomed for any position she wants.
Is Mango hosting anymore Covid Rallys? Those tend to be quite interesting.
[removed]
Yes.
Beaten and battered but we still here 💪🏼😭
Yes. Friday selloff as is tradition
He didn't lose yet, media is lying to you. lmao, libs are going to lose their minds.
Trading NIO options has been fun so far, knock on wood.
I'd be out in Jan-Feb for new administration PRC relation bump. But that still may not stop PRC from steam rolling Jack Ma on principle at this point.
Ditch this guy's boyfriend's dog and marry my dog's boyfriend's dog
The cool areas with shit to do are the only places I can get a job
You’ve got me worried. Our graphs look the same and I’m just at the top of the third cliff.
Covid put the company zoom on a platform to everyone who has the internet. The internet will be a globally provided utility by 2025 via satellite (thanks elon). Do you think a global communication tool that will utilize the openly available internet is not a long term hold? Sorry man
My dad is the boomer
Haha would be amazing
Futures are down .1% bro Armageddon called
I mean, kinda? A tesla style "collapse" puts NIO at $33 at the low. Way higher than even a month ago lol.

It's good advice because even a slowdown will fuck the WSB OTM call buyers sideways via IV, but people who bought NIO at last earnings will be green probably forever
Epstein?
Remember that Nio rumor fiasco last night? I wonder what that did to algos if anything at all
Trump giving us one last chance to enter china stonks!
After recalling almost half of the cars they’ve [delivered to date for a suspension issue](https://m.capitalwatch.com/details/news/484730044426620928.html), $LI did 27% today and is up 15% AH 😓

Premarket is going to be wild when they announce earnings
No the remaining shares belong mostly to the founder who said he intends to use his shares as currency to buy fintech companies for the rocket portfolio.
If EV stocks are a bubble, then Chinese EV stocks are a bubble within a bubble.
Fuck you got rekt. Did you make it out alive?
portfolio? u mean bag of dicks that fuck us but maybe 1 will get fuckd
Learn about writing options.
doesnt need to pass. just needs to be talked about.

jesus. bear r REEEALL DUMB
Green my dude. Now how long the calm will be im not sure
Yeah they have to be morons or fraud if they’re going to market in the US before China. 

Also the cars look like a joke, Americans care about safety and image in their cars a Chinese car company selling wonky crap that belongs in a mid tier China city...

I’ll buy it.
Hahah too many of those assholes. Fucking retards they are.
Sell you fucking retard who gets 2000% gains and decides to hold
This just AH futures I’ll wait until 8 pm to judge
What happened to GME gang?  All get wiped out?
>win PA case that shows PA has to throw out thousands of ballots because of voter fraud

Why doesn't Trump admit there's no voter fraud?
This
I think it’s beep boop. 

Maybe beep boop beep.
Too the moon
Gme.
[deleted]
i guess we’ll find out
Real question about nio. I know I missed the chance to make a shit ton of money, but is it worth jumping in now to hold on for several years?
[deleted]
What made you buy at $3?
Enlighten me if I got it wrong. 
Palantir is going into commerial AND penetrating market outside of US. Their source of revenue used to derive from government and they realised this. Going commercial greatly reduce dependencies on government.
Fyi covid created them revenue due to contracts from govt hospital/ vaccines
Agreed. Basically  been parabolic since the 38ish level
Thanks my dad already put me onto roth. He had me invest in a tech heavy ETF and I would already make 700-800 (on a good day)if i were to sell it now and it hasn’t even been a year.

So for NIO you’re saying it’ll dip soon because it’s so high and everyone is about to sell their shares?
Got a house. But a portfolio with less than 5k. I did it backwards. Now its time to take out a loan against the Equity of the house.
Did people doom as much about Tesla when it was running up as people are dooming about NIO/LI/XPEV?
It had a 12% day, and made a full recovery. Not exactly what I can profit taking.
This is better than r/funny . I’m laughing the whole time I read these comments.
Yeah, I actually haven’t done any options.  Got screwed last year. Just have about 1/3 of my money in each position and bought in about 6 months ago.
Weird. I thought this was r/funny
Iv is in percentage? What the fuck. Jk doss that mean its .160?
You believe fake shit about hunter biden and ignore the clear and present behavior of a guy who calls himself a law and order president, like nixon, but who is surrounded by criminals

A guy who dodged the draft but calls John McCain a lesser soldier because he was captured and tortured

A guy, who suggests we grab women by the pussy,

A guy who paid off at least two women to cover up affairs,  

A guy who claims fraud on everything that doesn't go his way.

Guy who's filed bankruptcy six times and is heading for number 7.

Guy who paints his face orange and his hair yellow, because he can't even be honest about that. 

The guy who finds his own supporters disgusting and dumb.

On and on and on....
My dad is a boomers boomer and he’s been all over nio, li, and xpeng. Just enjoy the ride because the boomers will run this shit to the 🌝.
Your puts will help me get over 10k😆
We’ll all have bigger problems than Robinhood accounts if that one prints lmao
You do know those bookstores give a cut to your college and that’s why they are being promoted ?
You got this
Whoever sold that to you is laughing their ass off
[deleted]
The article states many insiders sold even in August at under $5. The direct listing was already scheduled. So many employees can't wait a few weeks?
Also, search up their insider activities on nasdaq. All the directors sold  shares at IPO lol.
commuNIOism
[deleted]
CNBC : COVID is rising like a mofo😴😴😴

Bill Ackman : Hell is coming 🏃📉📉📉
[deleted]
This. Every fucking post is NIO
I got a 49 call midday that expires tomorrow for NIO. Did I fuck up not selling before close?
I’m all for a shut down as long as it’s announce tomorrow at 7am
UPDATE??
Better AAPL buys NIO.
All of America is the opposite of Buddhism
Oh god FSLY keep going I'm almost there
A.) Buy Spy everyday and never sell at a loss.  Aim for $1,000 a day.
Why is he in a man city’s garb?! Sellout
Bears don’t accept election results, let Covid run wild, and just want the market to tank
Dont think it'll be news really.. whats 1 vaccine vs 2.. priced in
[deleted]
Relatively long dated otm calls on small caps.
I did, and do do DD. The battery swap sold it for me. I just bought my first EV a couple months ago and understand this range anxiety. Thankfully the newer cars hit 300 miles no problem, but people don’t want to wait 3 to 12 hours for it to charge. They all fear it running dry when they’re out of the house. Three minutes to swap a battery is the same time to fill your tank with gas. They also have 1200 patents on that, but I’m sure Tesla could work out something to copy it if they wanted. Sorry, ranting, long story short, yes. You’re trading the ticker, but you should also understand how the company works and what sets them apart. What could make them explode or implode
You can only comment in this thread as a reply to a top level comment. Reply here for general votebot discussion, discussion of volunteer moderators and what they're getting wrong, etc. Try to keep it related to votebot and spam content.
I just bought calls today is it too late?
yolo
Yes
[deleted]
lol... same I had 17c Leaps for jan rofl
My wife inherited some MAT like 10 years ago, it's worthless
I just realized you’re retarded af
How long ago was this? I don’t think it’s legal to require students to purchase specifically from one vendor.
All in on NIO weeklies
I’m just bought the same Li Auto call right before close too !
NIO is the next nio
Day trading is probably the worst idea tbh, buying eod and selling in the morning is always more profitable

Plus with 100k you can do long term options that are guaranteed

You can even sell options and get premium
Bru, you can go through my history if you wan't. I'm a network engineer in the Bay Area (getting into software development).

I'm not even Republican either and I don't really support Trump. But the radical progressive left disgusts me as does the media and tech who pander to progressives in order to push their globalist agendas. 

Most people are so fucking manipulated but they can't or don't want to see it. they also couldn't care less about the deterioration of their freedom, privacy, and society, so long as they have the newest iPhone iteration and enough likes on FB or Twitter.
It pulls back on Fridays quite a bit.  TBD
Where tf did I lose all my money to get down to 100k???
So did he survive
Sup with CRSR? It was doing well but has been shitting the bed recently
You are pretty much guaranteed to lose that money, unless Pfizer rallies tomorrow.

Most likely your brokerage will close them for you tomorrow.
This!! I will never buy Chinese stocks
Sorry, at least 5-6 months. That’s how long you’re estimated to be immune for after you beat covid. Could last longer, but  ppl will get reinfected at some point
Man I skipped the learning part and just yoloed. Ima just wear my retard cap proudly. I made a bet that airlines would go up after the vaccine. Not going well so far. If you want to see details my bet my prof Has a post.
There he is!
Crazy world we live in where The more money you got the more money you make.
Invest
Yeah but it did straight collapse though, from like 500 to 300.
Was that big spike down V not profit taking?
Weak ass paper hands
Ah I thought someone here was saying share dumps start next week
[deleted]
If baba consolidates again tomorrow I’m throwing 10k in December calls.
HUYA actually has great fundamentals, but I gave up on them months ago.
RIP OP
Dude I could have turned 10k into a 1/4 mil if I had gone all in on BABA puts at 330 Tuesday and just held it until today.
Yes. Im greedy and i wont take out profits until nio crosses 60.
FEC should investigate if earnings are positive news lol.
Me too, I owned all 3 EVs calls for next year and sold it all last week. Fucking RIP
Yes
It’s great for swing trading.
So much for my puts 🤪
you mean /u/SolitaryEgg ?
See y’all tomorrow. I’ll be over at /r/funny
Mine are at a $5 gain per share.  You must have gotten the broken ones.
This made me lol 😂
We sold our souls to China a long time ago. Might as well make some tendies boiiii
That would give it a market cap of 338 billion or so though. Which would be absurd
What platform is that?
The law of NIO
That would give it a market cap of 338 billion or so though. Which would be absurd
Bullish
If don’t you think 🥭 doesn’t go on a rally circuit year round and has the 🥭ts following him like he is the Grateful Dead, then you are the smoothest 🧠 of us all
*Let's touch dicks guys*
Very sick
Market cap at 500 is pretty close to the market cap of Tesla and Toyota combined so idk about that
February. This is keeping the stock price up. Many insider want to GTFO. They would have made much more if they sold all of their shares at $5 early in the year and bought almost any tech stock.
If you have 100k to begin with, you should:
A. Do day trade
B. Option trade
C. Invest
D. Other (Appreciate if u care to explain what exactly)
UPDATE

That bookstore sucking all those students money I was talking about? Where the professors forced you to buy overpriced books from them?

PERMENANTELY CLOSED
Isn't it only 29% owned my a Chinese firm?
What if I have puts? Can I get a Medal of Honor? 🏅
>150 price target

yes
If Li Auto Auto beats earnings expectations then will NIO as well? what’s the correlation for them? new trader here
More upside than downside on -92% calls. That stock could jump 30% overnight on some great news. Over enough tradea, the odds are better waiting on that than cutting your losses.
The entire May-August Tesla rally was a giant fucking gamma squeeze lol. It's still above $400 even with drastically lower OI on the call chains
I guess its time for TQQQ to become the new meme stock? Seriously tho great work dude.
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f6jp3w/people_say_you_lose_money_on_wsb_1_month_update/fi59a98/)*
Thats like almost 2 days of work after taxes
Gotcha
Yo Jeff suhhh dude
Has anyone seen Jeffrey lately?
When NIO goes up more than 10% in a day, it usually go up some more the next day
He said undertow not cameltoe
I meant what happened with tech stocks and boomer stocks on Monday will happen again
What chu doin’ stepsis
Brotha get that gofundme started asap
\+0.03% sick gains, WE ARE BACK BOIS
JD
More than I made today 🤙🏻
Sell AAPL... Buy NIO. That is all.
You just fucked yourself over Jeffrey.
do it! And then fomo back in next year.
I meant to reply to the person who said they are getting big “all of a sudden” my b
Positions or ban
Am I looking at the wrong futures? I see green
Nada
[removed]
That would give it a market cap of 338 billion or so though. Which would be absurd
Whoosh
[deleted]
As far as I know, any time you take a profit that’s a taxable event. The end. There may be exceptions but I don’t know them.
[deleted]
Stop asking the same fucking question every ten minutes. Go cash, no one gives a shit.
If you don’t have NIO calls, you just hate tendies man
Just buy shit and hope it works
Right. It dropped from 15 to 10.50 in a day on vaccine news. It’s at least going to 15 soon. Hit 14.28 and settled back at 13.85 up from the 12.58 open
Explain
Lol
**ATTENTION**

Thanks for your attention
Haha neither thanks though, I quit pissing contests in like 5th grade. 

This sore loser soy boy act must work wonders for you irl
Imagine holding AAPL wondering if Xi will add them to "The List" now that Mango has gone full temper tantrum....
DKNG could actually be $50 when we wake up
Oooo to the gulag with youuuu
Some people celebrate it on 2/14
GME fucked up my portfolio -85%
I’m down
This is the way
Can you send me
100 boss
I really regret not buying Square leaps as a hedge when it was $60 back in April, instead, I elect to go spy puts
It’s amc now bro
You need to call Pfizer investor relations on 11/13 or else you lose your $430.
You guys bullish for tomorrow or what
Just want tomorrow to be the inverse of Monday’s opening.
Nah. I just flip a coin now a days to tell me which direction to play my spreads. Better than any DD in this type of market..
#FRIDAY THE 13th TOMORROW
What's "exercise"? 
I thought the point of buying options was to watch them expire worth nothing
It dumps after earnings
Got in at tuesday dump 🍺
At first NIO was a curiosity.  Then it was an interest.  Then it started to annoy me.  Now it fucking pisses me off.

(Owned Jan 15c calls back in July, sold them in August).
I didn't say it was?
Pussy ass red futures, it’ll be green
Nice to meet you, hope you are taking care of yourself.
Share unlock next week right?
We need a Singles Day in the US
I’m gay bro...that was my husband you were dping
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡

A whisper of a vaccine got ZM to 366, days ago. Shit's going to absolutely crater by 2022.

I closed out my too soon retard OTM spreads for over 100% gain Monday. I'll be opening more if we have a huge bump due to COVID
BABA & NIO were a test of your American Patriotism. You failed.    


You'll all be rounded up this weekend and charged for conspiring against The American Dream.
cringe
when it hits tesla's peak.. $2000's
[deleted]
Jack Ma needs an American daughter, so that Tesla hits $10000
NIO bullishness is at ATH. Time to pull out and find the next NIO.
!remindme 1 week “this guy doubting my vibe”
Remember when Mango buddy bought Tiktok but we found out he didn’t and it was just investment deal?
Nice man you'll fit in just fine here with the rest of us retards.
Got in at the start of this week🤙
take it from someone who used to have a positive account. You don't short EV stocks, even when the math doesn't work.
Lol it’s ridiculous
Yes, but that was like 1% of my portfolio, while long UVXY was like 30% of my portfolio, and short SPY was like 10% of my portfolio. I had a *very* good day. I told you they were lottery tickets.

I sorta hate this WSB meme where anyone who says anything about a stock is "mad" or whatever. NIO being in a gamma rally has absolutely nothing to do with my riches.
I’m aware ER is coming up. I’m taking about the 100% growth in one month.
It'll happen eventually, I mean, all companies eventually go out of business, right?
Makes sense to me!
Send some of our tendies my way, I just spent some and need to replenish
Chinese plan to 'regulate' their tech is a false flag to say: See USA we regulated our shit, you should too! 

Result: USA regulates our greatest companies, China then say: nahhh we like out big tech.

Checkmate USA. China wins.

Tl:dr long BABA and other china stonks/calls
Bet
Yeah we are both retarded bro
I just realized this sub is the opposite of Buddhism.
“Covid is just like the flu, we shouldn’t shut down”

Bruh, the hospitals are filled. If we don’t shut down we won’t have enough bandwidth at hospitals for people that have things wrong with them besides covid.
Why not go for the apocalypse one.. 0C 1dte
Yup, WSB is popular because a lot of millennials have basically given up on the dream of retirement. Turns out when you exclude an entire generation from the possibility of gaining slow and steady wealth from a young age, instead of working harder they just turn to gambling.
[deleted]
booo boop boo
XPEV
$25C 1/15/21
Rotation from everything to NIO and XPEV
Everything I don't buy
u cant be serious m8
Im still waiting for AMC to become penny stocks.
Im stupid too
How so
[deleted]
Out of day trades.
[deleted]
Honestly I finally sold today for a loss to buy nio. So I'm sure it'll take off any day while nio returns to earth. But I only got 100 shares of nio so I cna sell calls.
im really feverish right now but offhand nvax over the summer. algos picked up a false report and stock tanked like 40% and then jacked back up 60%
Well not like I can sell right now anyways lol
Imagine if you grew balls and used options.
Anyone holding LI contracts?
Look into Cronos (CRON), they have production ties with Israel already.
Stairway to retardom
Well here’s the thing. Ppl were bullish early in the pandemic. Sold off because cases dropped in summer. Covid was still going to break out in the winter. The vaccine news shorted what I think were undervalued stocks like APT. APT will break 15 possibly tomorrow. To sit at where it was prior to the drop on monday. However I see potential of it going past 15 and 17 in the next month when We see the fall out from the election infections. Plus Biden and other political leaders advocating masks and lockdowns soon
u/ThetaGangFeedsMyFam I'm Jeffrey
NIO, LI, Baba what else? 

Perfect time for you autists to load up on Chinese stocks when we know Mr Pingpong gonna retaliate against Trump and MMS are gonna use that lame as fuck excuse
Y’all is so dumb. Holding till 500 a share
So let me guess, he asked your risk tolerance (risk averse, etc.) and investment goal (aggressive, growth, etc.) then gave you a bunch of mutual funds to invest in based on your answer
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|1.47|1.48|1.47|0.94|160.535%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 60.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 60.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 2 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc3ofpe&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I’m sorry you lost money. Don’t go with the flow.
I put all in Li before end of closing. Very happy I did so
ride it out til after ER week
Dump it into ODTE spy calls! you might be up 400% tomorrow.
No it isn’t guaranteed but it is the most logical thing to happen given the scenario
ur fuk
Macron a Socialist? ahahha
Just funnin ya.  I’ve never touched NIO, too scary.  Plus, I hate making money.
My tendies ✖️

Our tendies ☑️
Just buy NIO 60c 11/20 retard, that will be 10 bagger, yours will only double at best
looks like bulls fucked once again
why is sq so volatile
no, NIO is not just like Tesla. I could list the ways but it would take too long and I dont really care.
[deleted]
No. NIO ER is Next Week.
They aren’t red bro :(
Somebody find a company that makes nuclear reactors. NOW!
W H OMEGALUL
Anagram. Maybe.
I would buy at $100
That’s impressive only cause it’s in stock. You sell options against this at all?
 However, Palantir's prospectus reveals that prior to its public debut, its insiders consistently sold their shares at an average price of $5 to $6 in private listings over the past two years. The private price for the stock also hit an all-time low of $4.17 in August, shortly before the company went public. 

[https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/10/21/why-are-palantirs-insiders-selling-so-many-shares/](https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/10/21/why-are-palantirs-insiders-selling-so-many-shares/)

Why would employees sell shares so low right before the direct listing? They want to GTFO to invest in better companies. They watched their friends at other companies get rich while they sat in a company which shares have been rather flat over the past few years.
cringe
I was expecting 20 cents.. that’s a surprise
VIX
>Biden isn't going to "drain the swamp". Joe Biden is not AOC and Bernie Sanders, he is a centrist statist.

I don't think thats entirely fair to say. I mean he may be, but he made deals with AOC and Bernie. Hes just there to sit and look pretty, and im not even joking. Thats why dems are already ignoring him, hes just a puppet
First most people here are playing weeklies cause wsb is dumb. Second, even the lower iv on December options is still pretty high, right before earnings a poor time to buy
JEFFREY my good man. What’s crackin’?
RemindMe! 30days
Fk r u asking these retards for
[deleted]
Just like Tesla, right?

Oh...wait...
Can we all just buy as many NIO shares we can afford so we can fulfill the $100 EOY prophecy?
what's up Jeff
I got 12 and 13 tomorrow and 13 Jan
Don’t spend all. You need to pay taxes
you bastard
All 3 are over 5 years old, not like it’s that spur of the moment
Realistically, $80 - 90 billion, which will make it $69 per share
and then there was peace in the middle east....
Sorry, one more, am I correct in assuming that there are tax implications on the roll-up since you're achieving a gain?
To everyone who missed out on NIO & XPEV, put KNDI on your radar.
Took a nice 1150% profit on the 440 calls and rolled it into the 500 11/20 - LETS GOOOO!
I chuckled
Do you know the answer?
No worries
Agreed. I’m just salty I lost money being a bear toward them. 

I’m sure more of a correction is due when things return to normal with work though.
What the fuck is spy going to do next 4 days?  Will 356c be fuk?
"This seems fine"
I really hope you meant 350
Yea but last time you were crying in the corner as I was dping your wife with my tic tac and a box of crayolas
So if the CCP wanted to, they can kick BABA's ass. Sounds risky but on the other hand, it did drop 17% from the high so bound to rebound to at least near 300, probably.
That’s way too close to being ITM, go for a SPY 30p 11/16
Imagine seeing DIS back at 80-90 levels again.
Remindeme! 1 week
Zoom
I bought shares of xpeng yesterday and im still fomoing because I should've put more in
Tesla is up 36 cents in after hours clearly everyone's going to get rich tomorrow
[deleted]
No, I'm saying that real rallies might have some pullback, but gamma rallies straight collapse. So you have to be more careful than usual.
I thought it was sell lower lol oops
Can I have some
My god LI Auto is going parabolic AH
We red but my UVXY calls aren’t feeling very cash money rn
Fair enough
Bro so what make money fuck bitches
Nobody tell him.
crazy strike, i like it
MU looks ready to take off
Good decision there will probably be a pull-back because of the moon + friday
They’re leaps so I’ll live either way. Good luck to us both
NIO is literally the name of a shitcoin too
Lmao wtf
yeah canadian weed stocks will make $$$ from israel?? idgi
It went up over 100% in a month cause of earnings?  That must be it.
Pump then dump once reality sets in gonna be monday 2.0
Well I didnt say this
As someone who just had their first ever professional financial plan delivered today I can say you're likely wrong. $750 that will save me thousands or more in the long run.
Thought: Covid was a deliberate plot by govt. to lock us all during 4/20 so everyone wouldn’t be smoking weed all month. They designed the virus to be killed in the summer, but an engineer reversed it and made it go stonks up in summer.
I’m holding over the weekend bruh. I’m out after 11/18
Seems to do the trick
Lord knows I pay for that
Hi Jeffrey
Bezos could give $1 billion for each of his children like it’s nothing for him. Think about it
nio call
wtf? Source on this, please humor me.
Name checks out....
Salmon stock? Like a seafood soup? BRB, investing in Red Lobster.
Cracked open a Fortune Cookie to tide me over while waiting for Asia to get online. It says "Your Future is Bright like Neon. Your Future is NIO". Omen.
AMZN please I need 1% gain
yeah just perfectly time the tops and bottoms
Went outside for the first time in weeks, it's so underrated, I'd highly recommend it!
[deleted]
Honestly the amount of next touchdown scorers that I lost had to have raised their revenue substantially
⬆️
Great film, nice work retard
Like 90% of them
Not that big of a deal, but Ivy League just cancelled all winter sports. Seems pretty similar to last March when things started going downhill quick.

Think things are about to unravel quick and Trump straight up doesn’t give a fuck at all now
Yeah get some sleep bb you got a big day tomorrow🤑
god speed retard
Margin or Cash acct? TD
Chinese stocks have added risk. Probably too volatile for what they’re worth from their perspective. 

For us, we love it. But we’re playing with a fraction of what they have.
[removed]
Hahaha I knew about shartcoooin even earlier when it was $300 each and thought it was overpriced XD 

Friend of mine bought at 600 and sold at like 700 feeling like a genius
Exactly.
I’d probably pay someone to come do that. It would make for an interesting day. Fuck things are boring in lockdown mode.  PS5 should arrive this week!!! That’ll help
So is everyone else lol I can’t believe anyone would hold over the weekend
sold Nio at +9% daily AMA
Except there's actually a market for Chinese EVs lmfao. China putting sanctions on oil. Once Mango is gone there's nothing stopping NIO from being a poor man's Tesla the way BABA is a poor man's AMZN
Since $2.00.
[deleted]
This retard has been following me around for literally months calling me "Jeffrey"

https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc3nzam/

Can someone explain the joke?
Smart man. This will sell after earnings unless they make some blockbuster announcement. People are pricing in beat earnings. Take profit and buy back or sells calls is the play.
Congrats and Fuck You
He literally did though. He had 11/13s lol
Wait...

Are you saying this will continue to go up until it goes down?
You never buy high growth tech stock when it is competing head on against big tech. In this case MS teams...
🔪
Ya I know, it’s all about “not a racking ah dis-i-prin”
Currently holding 1000 shares, and loading up on Jan 2022 leaps tomorrow
It's amazing that China is bullish with a leader looks like a bear
Uppies
Go Further Yourself.
Well I have a call exspiring on Christmas Eve so it looks like my Christmas is fucked. Time to make peace with the money.
And didn't even break even.
Buying SPY 150p 11/16 for a yolo lockdown weekend play
At 500k cases a day we would need around 120 days to get herd immunity but it also probably stops spreading at that rate when all the people who are going out have already caught it
Fuck I forgot they are premarket
[deleted]
Get the fuck out of here and DO NOT start with options trading.

You're welcome
Man do you know anything about these vaccines or what it takes to scale them up, covid ain’t going away for a hot minute
when will it drop
We keep inversing futures. Cmon red futures gimme red!!
I know. I’m not rich. What I did do was play it and rebuy more apt. Allowed me to also buy stocks I couldn’t have afforded before . Gained 400 yesterday, 800 today, and hoping things play out for tomorrow
I hate those long checkout lines for stonks
[removed]
Possibly. This is going to be interesting...
No, no one with an engineering degree is so gullible.
Already up like 22% this week tho
Or its cause of earnings
The entire literature and humanities department of the university coordinated to send all their specific texts to one bookstore in town 

And returns were only granted 25% store credit
Better get those tweezers ready
Yeah this is just a little different than that.
We welcome all degens with open arms
Zoom.. ⬆️or⬇️
NIO to the moon
Spy 375 call 11/16 YOLO it is!
I feel like Gap is in a better position digitally than Kohl's, but I don't have any real DD backing that up.
Somebody lost money shorting today
A mango said so, so it must be true!
That's a solid answer, I hadn't thought about DLTR. 

What do you think about fast food (DPZ, MCD, CMG, etc.)? My instinct is that they would also do well.
WORK should be ashamed of itself.  The pandemic should have been the best thing to ever happen to it.
This isn’t a troll: 420 for 4/20/2021.
Nothing under 1.75m that isn’t a tear down bungalow from the 60s here.
Goes to show how much I belong here.
Zoom is globally utilized, easy to use, and takes away the need for travel. If you’re not very long on this, you’re wrong.
Props man props. Li's going to moon with earnings.
Lol *Israel* legalized weed? Fuck it, I’m buying a ton of MJ shares
Robin Hood calls on nio
Yes that is definitely a risk if I understand it correctly but I’m not convinced everyone who has shares locked up will dump them.  I could also be retarded though.
Or even r/personalfinance
Talking about buying 25 shares at 14 lmao
No you’re boned.
You want r/investing

This is a gambling sub with extra chromosomes.
We all know this is driven by news, at least I do. I’m out after ER week 👋🏻
Oh its going back all right...to 50 and beyond
[deleted]
It’s there jow
And ending on January 20th 2021 🤣
I think he meant 60P
That was a good episode. 6/10 isn’t bad tho.
Was that campus wide, or just specific professors? There’s no way I’d deal with that bs.
Ban
Make uvxy great again
DKNG is obvious insider trading? Why would anyone else pay a premium to buy AH..
An EV company in China with shrinking revenues but a meme name. Calls it is.
Herd immunity would only last for about 5-6 months
~~Amazon~~

₿itcoin

*FTFY*
13 is good luck in eastern culture
Bet
my god you’re right
Remember when Mango banned Tik-Tok because it was a National Security Risk and then it wasn't? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Probably. The shitty part is this is gonna tank tesla as well when the bubble pops. But I’ll be ready to get in for the low low when it does.
you’re gonna wanna download the acorns trading app,  then buy equity in $HERTZ
[deleted]
Im about to diamond hands to zero again... Only if achievements were a thing.
Please, no. No more.
If nio goes to 500 without a pullback ill cut my dick off.
Wtf are you talking about ?
Fuck yeah thank you for buying a manual car brand new unlike all of r/cars. #savethemanuals
Can you go a little into your actual trade strategy? Do you primarily trade credit/debit, short/long term, calls/puts ?
I’m not a big believer in technicals myself, but things look good even for the S&P tomorrow, and likely the market in general after the volatility and volume today.
thanks for your sacrifice
Inverse this 🤡 Chinese EV calls at open. OTM SPY call weeklies at close.
$15 12/18c ... might as well hold
Earning per share, as i understand it, was to due one time stock compensation of 870 mil give or take.....
Really good insight, thanks Jeffrey, hope all is well.
This has the same energy as when futures open and everyone screams “futures tanking” when it’s down .5%
No, not the buying power. They leverage you 2:1, so I wanted to I could borrow $2,000 if I wanted to. I’m talking about margin maintenance, the amount I need to keep in equities/buying power to avoid margin call
Fuckin legendary movie
I did a test bc I was in contact with someone and health dept requested it. just 3 cars would be an hour with drive thru testing. The whole process takes that long per person. So wait time is lengthy to begin with.

edit sorry this was meant for eyerollingsex
Oh okay, makes sense.
Sup DFV, my weekly update, both feet still cemented, shiny armor slightly dented, wacking daily hedgefunds at the gate
I am new, should i a) invest in nio and xpeng, b) invest in others, or c) go fuck myself
[deleted]
Engineering degree from california university
No.

The work Palantir is doing is too important for the grand scheme of American security and technology supremacy.

Biden isn't going to "drain the swamp". Joe Biden is not AOC and Bernie Sanders, he is a centrist statist.

Palantir operated quite fine when Biden was VP.

Furthermore, lots of people talk about how Thiel has ties to Trump, but they also conveniently leave out the fact that the CEO Karp is a vocal Biden and democrat supporter.

And politicians don't regularly cancel big contracts that went through a bureaucratic process to get approved anyways, especially in technology where its super hard to turn work over to someone else. I doubt he is just going to pull the rug out on these huge important programs that they are working on.
Ahh so 🚀 🚀 🚀
992? Good for you man, you're living my dream right now.
1st wave we had unknowns and uncertainty. This time we know what to expect so no ones spooked
🎤drop
Can I just put it on all my social media?
You spelled JD wrong.
Lol
I'm rating baba a SELL and giving it a 250 price target
[deleted]
> fat ass-bonus

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
And maybe also because the CEO unloaded 60% of his bags on the market at the top?
But...it’s decentralized!
I will be messaging you in 14 days on [**2020-11-26 23:53:15 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-26%2023:53:15%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt5ojt/how_many_covid_cases_will_it_take_to_make_you/gc3nudg/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt5ojt%2Fhow_many_covid_cases_will_it_take_to_make_you%2Fgc3nudg%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-26%2023%3A53%3A15%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt5ojt)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Hope keep going up tomorrow and let me have time to  get all my tendies. Just just XPEV today
Profit is profit. Can’t be mad for taking gains when you got em
That's what Gottlieb said in summer, come Jan/Feb we should be there
Fuckin for real wish I had just put my chump change as a student into Amazon back then lmao
Again i said forget about the burisma shit (although you find NOTHING shady about Hunter being on the board of a Ukrainian Oil and Gas company - with no experience in anything but drug abuse and degeneracy - while his father was head of US foreign Policy in Ukraine? Making 80k+ / month?)

There are pictures all over the internet of Biden's son smoking crack and having sex with a bunch of hookers including his dead brother's wife. This is a sensational scandal given his father was running for the presidency (and joe had publicly supported Hunter and said he was long past his days of drug abuse and degeneracy). Noone would report on it. Twitter banned links to the pictures lol (no nudity bans there and you can't even call a pic of Hunter smoking rock revenge porn). Absolute joke. 

BTW i have no idea why the FBI shills for Biden but they obviously do. I have literally heard recordings where Biden is threatening some Ukrainian dude's "physical wellbeing" if the guy can't get the IMF to back off something because he doesn't want the billion dollar loan he lined up looked into.
Accepted my 90% weeklies loss and have moved on.
I got a 240p expiring tomorrow.  Bought it at eod
[deleted]
VZ, TMUS leaps are very damn cheap.
I know but was saying how it defies all logic
I think we're done.
Tech is not gonna pump this time around lol. It’s almost bonus season no manager is gonna squander a fatass bonus to pump tech

COVID let’s go!!
If there's no pullback prior to earnings, I'm calling $40 or less after.
Lul
This is much worse than Hillary
Nah these were literature classes that had specifically written texts for the class you couldn't source elsewhere.

They also made you bring your copy of the book to the exam, and if you didn't have the specific bookstore's stamped copy you fail
Wrong fisker acquired by Chinese firm
Whats a hubesr 57?
Aren't all Chinese companies linked to the military.
Grinance.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'GRINDR Finance.' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
Ok I choose to believe it's going up so I can sleep tonight. Logging off WSB
listened to the conference call.  Pretty impressed.  I think it will hit $25 by turn of the year.

i know nada
NIO is the one.  The only one.
[deleted]
holding strong. BABA isn't going anywhere
Btw this is in no way a compliment to people who buy calls rather letting people know to be careful since it  will destroy put value
!remindme 2 weeks
You believe nonsense. Hillbilly nonsense is your drug.

Serious question: what's your level of education?
I am going to use Palantir to find out what a Hubesr57 is
I hate zoom. Shit deserves to be like $300 or less
Too late
Isn't SPY only up like 10% for the year? Unless you mean if you happened to dump it all near the bottom.
lol they are $20 EOY
Touche
The president of china himself ordered their partner company IPO to be cancelled.

Governance is the biggest fear with any chinese company, and now the government is flexing hard on the largest one.

As a business model, they're profitable and huge. As a business entity, it's risky now given the environment.
GRINDR Finance.
Gonna make some big 0dte plays tomorrow. Hope I make the right ones
Except they have a purpose in this world.
He's a head of a movement/personality cult. can't officially lose unless its rigged. he prolly knows it but will just keep firing up his base for 4 years before running again in 2024
Airbnb
enlighten me
Wrong, I’m theta gang, these tenders are going straight into my wheel after this
He's super in debt and they're coming for him. If you look at the "donation" button details on the things he's sending his supporters, fine print says that it can go to his "campaign expenses" ... so ... yeah. It also invigorates the voting base for runoff elections, which they have to win otherwise it's fully blue controlled senate and house and presidency.

Choose your stock moves accordingly based on  what happens on  the Senate runoffs = actual  policy changes v.s. gridlock. The Mango finagling is just a distraction.
Love everything about that. And FYI, you’re welcome to come shit on my lawn anytime you’d like
Optics. He wants his followers to know he went down fighting so they’ll go to his Midwest hotels he’ll open now that he’s done rebranding as president. 

It’s about the money. Always has been.
Bears still betting against the country they live in, mad sus
Porsche holds value better than lamborghinj. The Bugatti though is an appreciating hard asset. Kinda tough to beat that.
That’s what keeps us here.


https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Lol it's not going to 500
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|1.47|1.48|1.47|0.94|160.535%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 60.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 60.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc3nr6y&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I'm literally a millionaire.
Yet they change a few sentences in a book and release it every year charging 400+ for something you’ll use less than an hour a week 🤡

You can survive most of your classes without a book of your teacher doesn’t require quotes. Google is your friend.
Zoom?
You got a porche?! I just got a challenger, still fuckin sweet but I want a porche
Who the fuck even buy those companies. Honestly I don't understand why the fuck those giant state owned corps ever need to go public. Makes no sense
I'm sure this is sarcasm but if not, what are you looking at?
Y not?
That's a sharp ass sharpe
This man taking about a company I never heard of and has shares.
If we get 500k infections per day, which we probably are today including non-symptomatic ones, we'll probably reach herd immunity in a matter of months even without vaccine.
**BREAKING:**  Acting Secretary of Defense, Chris Miller issues drone strike on underground Bearrorists Network leftover from March.   
*"They've been given every opportunity to buy Calls. Their unborn grand children will feel this."* he states.   


**-AOL Finance**
NIO 11/20 60c easy money my friends
Depends what's your definition of a "good investment". This thing could pop up after earnings and you could make a nice return. That'd be great, but this is a volatile (and not to mention Chinese stock which has notoriety of fraud ) so this could just as well go the other way. Just 1 month ago, this thing was $20. So it's had an impressive rally so far, can it go more? Or are we expecting a pullback. I wouldn't be surprised to see a 5-10% pullback prior earnings, a lot of investors would like to take their profits. Maybe that'd be a good entry point if you're interested. 

I'd recommend looking into something else to invest your money. Do your research, learn what you're placing your money into. It would be a smart idea to invest into a ROTH IRA if you haven't already. MAX $6000 per tax year. All gains within a ROTH IRA are tax free if you withdraw after 59 1/2.

This is not financial advice, just my opinion. Good luck with your future investments.
and?
Analyst used to say that in case of second wave and fresh lockdowns , Markets will retest the March lows ..


Here we are at ATH
BABA popping off at market open because I bought calls today
He got into trading cause of Sykes. Yikes.
Please explain how I am chasing my tail?
And if it dips again, I’m going to buy again it’s real simple honestly
Pfizer tanked everyone knows the vaccine is bullshit
Imagine being his son at school. The ultimate "do you know who my father is?"
I think a lot of people were buying BABA to get some ANT IPO action which was supposed to happen a couple weeks ago. It got delayed and then sort of squashed by the Chinese government so people got out of BABA for other things. My interpretation.
God, I hope you're right. I'm jacked to the tits in 11/20 puts.

plz daddy, I need it
Hourly event?  No, I'd be wheeled around in a chair with a woman's mouth on my penis at all times, no matter the occasion or event.  Probably have a couple dozen or so follow me around so i can switch them out as needed.
Executive order banning investment in Chinese companies linked to military beginning Jan. 11, 2021.
If you had 10k you could have turned it into a mill on the way up and down the 11/9 spike
NIO calls at open tomorrow?
If you wanna compare RH portfolios or dick sizes I’m willing to do either I believe I shall win in both
Condolences to anyone straddling pltr. Theta gang wins again
You realize that NIO has gone from a penny stock to 50$ right? You could easily get this curve with NIO stocks. There’s a post on this sub where a dude went from 8k to 90k+
We'll wind up yeeting our tendies.
Don’t tell em.
[deleted]
To any NIO put holders beware this stock has next level retard strength and fundamentals do not matter it could easily go to 500 before any pullback
NIO 49 was so cool go back
Nah... Xi is laughing at Trump. Joey B. is on the case.
I love you. 

!RemindMe 1 week
Sign me up for the retard train. Choo choo 🤤
Holy shit go fsly go, i bought 11/20 80 calls yesterday, up 100 percent today and I took profit and then bought back in with 11/20 85 calls, but damn if I just held those 80s.... I hate holding when up 100 percent It’s just too retarded for me, those retard gains though, going for em will make you broke more often than not. I might not get maximum gains but I locked profits and am set to still make more on a nice gap up. That AH pump.
Anyone else play AMAT? I have some 70c hoping they print 🤞
What are the chances the big whales scoop in pre-market and steal all the tendies?
Nobody knows what will happen tomorrow which means one thing...The only thing up will be Weed
If you're just looking to hold shares you're fine. It's a soild play just the Nov OTM holders are fuct since it ain't going to just run tomorrow. But it's going to run in the next 6 months if not sooner...  Kind of like HYLN
You've made me feel slightly better after being too greedy near end of day with SPY puts
Super helpful and appreciated.  Thanks!
I'd argue that it's not *really* bipartisan, and both parties are tough on China (especially these days). The right just uses it as a talking point to scare people into thinking Joe Biden is going to give Xi a summer home in Florida.
Ready to add even more if another dump!
Were you not here April-July when we all learned that the market doesn’t care about covid
Elon needs to show the Chinese who is the boss.
Disruption will fuck value anyways

Would've told him 'YOLO retard'
>Hope the CEO of Cisco says the N word on the earnings call so my puts will come back to life tomorrow

**Cisco ceo:** *Ni...o*
[deleted]
Are EV stocks the new dotcom?
No dont help THIS evil multi billion dollar corporation, help THIS one
Tomorrow is Friday the 13th

O fuk
!remindme 21 hours “retard thinks he’s rainman”
U need to prove to them that u are a profitable trader. Why would they crank up ur buying power if u keep on losing.
It's time for TSLA to go to 900 again, just like last year 😎
Cause he's a narcissist and panders to the merry band of retards who want him to stay
I used to ask the same thing about Hillary
No one knows if it’s gonna go up or down.. but for me.. I think it’ll go up to 100s bro. I’d say go for it..if we don’t take risk.. how the fuck we gonna be rich
Permabear Total Landscaping
Aren’t they?
makes for a better tv show later
You are the reasom I still on this MEME train. God bless you
I mean we’re at like $14.60 now AH, which is higher than the lows from today during market hours and the earnings call was very optimistic despite eps
[deleted]
Time to short.
"people", more like bots
If they didn't announce a vaccine this week, market would have dumped at least 10% on rising COVID cases. Now that we have a vaccine, everyone knows that virus is going to be history in a matter of months.
Hoping for $95 if it's positive
Pretty sure I single-handedly funded their 3rd quarter.
Alright I’m gonna follow your lead and hold you personally responsible if it goes wrong I’ll shit on your lawn
I do. You’re not the only one cursed with knowledge
Lmao calling into Mad Money to ask about KODK
wow DIX rose like a mofo today, with GEX down, guess we're mooning tomorrow
Now this is the DD I expect from this sub
You're chasing your tail now, sweetheart. I hope you feel better soon.
Uh isnt China gonna crash at open from the executive order Trump signed??
plenty of time to start a traditional war with china before 1/20, calls on rtx
He wants stonks to crash
These Chinese EVs sound like altcoins being pumped in 2017
[deleted]
profoundly fragile ego
At this point, idk why we all aren’t just buying puts on every company for earnings. Stock beats earnings, it tanks. Stock matches earnings, it tanks. Stock misses earnings, it tanks. I think I’ve cracked the code boys.
Yup - I've made them exercise my call spreads instead of shorting me the change. Just keep cancelling the auto sell order.
I got 12/18 300p

Things are getting scary and volume on puts has been high the last 2 days
Most of the people who have wmt stock never shopped in Walmart.com which is one of worst e-commerce sites out there.
What does it mean?
easy
One can hope 🐻
I sold my 35 calls at close bruh.
China has said by 2025, 25% of auto sales need to be electric or hybrid and 100% by 2035
This guy doesn’t remember the past 8 months
Can I still trade spread on TD I’m a cash account?
expansion planes need money. stock offering in sight
Hope you listened to the 140C TMUS 1/21 suggestion. They were selling for .99 the morning after. You'd be up a lot right now and they will likely print too.
PLTR or if you want EV, FSR. But FSR is American EV.
Oh yeah, I read about ANT. Isn't that bad or is the drop more of an over reaction?
Brother.
call spreads Nov 27 445/455
I had puts like an idiot yesterday and calls today. Both bombed.
Just buy calls man. Everyone know stocks go up it’s so easy
Please read above and reconsider. Thanks.
I saw the option flow in your website today. Lots of long puts one hour with very high premium paid and then the next hour there were lots of short puts. Almost all of them had the expiration for 11/13. Did you see that?
Don't do that.. don't give my calls hope
You’re in the wrong sub. Go to loss porn
[deleted]
It’s up in AH!
I don’t understand why Trump can’t just accept he lost.
Read above. The lockdown kills more than the virus.
sounds about right
Sheesh... people in this thread (and the market) is acting like NIO is growing revenues/earnings by 5% PER DAY.
Piss off gay bear 🌈
Help out local bookstores, but what about students taking out 5 to 6 figure student loans to finance their education?

Local bookstores > students
🥵
There will never be another NIO, unless...

>!Roblox IPO!<
What is theta gang? Where can I learn about this what does this mean exactly?
One day, NIO will go downsies. Tomorrow shall not be that day
I like it
Almost sold FSLY for PLTR calls, dodged a bullet there
Nah...just gotta agree to a little "re-education" and all is forgiven. 🤣
Those two were done passive aggressively. It’s not rocket science. But let me know if you need help with that.
The glossary?
Isnt it always a bull market for monopolies
If you're asking you shouldn't be "playing" with options. Go study.
PLTR this, NIO that... fuck all that where’s my fellow retarded 🤲💎 BABA holders
Right in the MFing feels.
Big and true
Why are you guys still harping on revenues? Pick up a book on valuations dude wtf
He fucking hates his money
[deleted]
No, just not a fan of lockdowns. Lost one friend and another in jail because they couldn’t work anymore, got so much $$ in unemployment, and relapsed.  One of them was clean for almost 5 years. 

People seem to forget about these scenarios. The lockdown kills more than covid.  Lockdown for at-risk, sure, but countrywide, no.

https://www.ama-assn.org/system/files/2020-11/issue-brief-increases-in-opioid-related-overdose.pdf
Call me a 🤡 , give me a flair “retard”, set RemindMe!, but I’ll tell you one thing:

Chinese EV’s tank bigly tomorrow along with the markets. Monday to follow since COVID bullshit, record number of cases and fear-mongering. We dip the entire next week (Tuesday/Thursday big green tho).

Play accordingly.
do you think biden will have any impact on the company ?
Fair
[deleted]
[deleted]
I range traded it from like $6-$8, 3 or 4 times(I’ll have to check my trade logs for the specifics). And after the dump I waited for it to base, form support, and bought in at the breakout of S/R on the way up.  Been riding the tech boom, then fintech, then fake meat, now EV’s. Gotta be nimble and spot the trends when they begin
Good luck with that
#JACKED TO THE TITS
Do it
calls only playboi, DISNEY the next NETFLIX now
Yea they dont teach you how to take screenshots until you're 16!
Why?
How the fuck are people having so much bread in this shit meanwhile I’m at fucking Costco putting in money here and there :€
Show me on this doll where BABA touched you
She might be good at month
First real earnings quarter with sports. Did Penn already report?
KNDI
Inb4 ass gaping tank
Anything less than 250 why not
I am really hoping this holds. After hours trading has gotten my hopes up far too many times
Nothing huge but we should be back down around 330’s soon
Black Friday the 13th. Many bulls wiped out. Will be written in history books
I’m in the journey with you my friend!
Y'all got any tendies?
This guy marries, divorces and marries again.
Well another 10% day tomorrow and maybe you will get lucky. Don't count on it though.
Why do you need 2 hands to hold your phone
Because you tried to time the market
I have a gluten allergy it ain’t by choice
Steady gains initially with a plateau?
I’m buying in feb. July 600c. Been watching and waiting 😂
Painful
Thanks for the insight, how do you trade futures? I do taxes and had a client come in one year with 1 million plus in gains. Asked what he hit on and he said stocks futures. At that time I had no idea what that meant. I now know what futures are and watch them constantly on investing. I also k ow it doesnt mean shit for the next day because I was continually getting fucked trading puts in May, and June.
Are you really sick if you are able to stand in a line or wait in a car at a testing site?
In college my professors would force us to buy their overpriced books from a local bookstore "To support local bookstores in the face of Amazon and other online retailers" 

Like motherfucker its just books and I'm a poor student. Fuck you

Amazon to 4000 by March 2021
It was bad news but then it seemed like not that bad news then they started talking and it was really confusing but it made it seem like good news so I think it'll mostly stay the same, maybe go up a tiny bit. All our calls and puts are all fucked :(
No I sold out of my positions today
 What do you guys think sex with Stevie Nicks would be like? I would let her cast crystal spells on my peep all night. 

Doesn’t matter that she’s my moms age. The puss def claps different.
Still overall bullish, but sentiment volume is getting up there.
I heard it’s 80% effective
*futures down .06%*

Uggh... why are futures red?!?
Nio....Li.... Xpeng.. all missed them so tell me the next one
[deleted]
At this point it's ccp (bulls) vs usa (bears). I for one welcome our Chinese overlords
Li the next EV pump? Seriously why are there so many chinese ev companies coming out all at once?
Dude wtf are you doing
Fuck you
CNBC analyst: Value stocks are very attractive and not overpriced like tech stocks.

Me: have you looked at price of CAT, CSX which are well over their Feb highs.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
QQQ   305.0|0.21|0.25|0.22|-0.28|21.445%


QQQ 305.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc3n9iv&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I wanna keep going until it hits $100
I’ve made $30k this year and have uttered 30k curse words along the way 😝
300k in Wichita Kansas could be suburban with 10 acres or a large in town McMansion. In one of the little outlier towns you could buy a block of main street.
im up 19% and feel just as retarded tbh
Would you say you have a considerable amount more success trading options with unlimited day trades ??? Thinking about switching to cash account on TD ameritrade ..
He’s just being a tard then, upvote him
wsb rule 34 exists it’s a Nio and xpeng car spitroasting Joe Biden while Xi Jinpinga shits on Kamala Harris chest
QQQ 305c 11/20 tech gaps up like spy did monday
Miss those times man.
Your mom’s bf
Shit. I have a wrap sheet now
The fact that you are up means you are doing better than the majority of people
Bought CNK calls at the top. Call me THE retard
Flair is from when I lived in Virginia and left a shrine at the micron plant. One guy wrote local virgin instead of local Virginian and I said both worked so they went w it
Is nio the company that posted the earnings from their driveway remodel?
🤡🤡🤡
I need Nio confirmation bias. Didn’t Tesla add $300b in 5 mths ? Why can’t nio be $80 eom then ?
Wondering which companies..
Surprised Cathie Wood hasn’t hopped on yet
Puts on wmt and sne. I fucking had a ps5 in my cart right at 6 but wmt’s shit servers spun for ten minutes, refreshed and gave me the “sorry this item is sold out”. Fuck you wmt
Up 10.86% all time. Took 3.5 weeks. Guess I’m a successful hedge fund manager now
Fuck you congrats
Same with me. Whichever mod it was, is a tard. They probably sad 🥭 is gone.
You gotta love all those fake bot tweets that replies to all his tweets
Has shares. Hopes for a dip.         

Yep, you belong here my dude
Ant IPO was killed by CCP and BABA owns 30%. Was going to be the biggest IPO in history and BABA was a major way to get in on it as a foreign company.

Then CCP put out some draft anti monopoly regulations that could affect BABA.
I know it’s just for the memes but this hits on an interesting truth as well. After boomers retire the stock market is gonna get a whole lot more steady as millennials invest more and don’t bat an eye at dips gen X causes. Leading to a more stable market. 

Eventually it’s gonna just be stonks go up all the time!
Fuck you, i’m 15 trying to do this shit right
[deleted]
Take your profits soon
its not hip ya see you gotta follow the coool stocks
The red right keepuh brinking!
[deleted]
How this even a question
PS5 is probly better but their controllers suck
I helped the guy out by engaging in a meaningful conversation. Knowing about coding and being able to clarify what someone is really asking for is a good thing.

Fundamental principles are more important than memorizing the syntax of any programming language. That's just a fact.

And I don't think either "humble brag" or "ad hominem" mean what you think they mean. I'm sorry if coding is a sore spot for you.
$30. Don't know when.

This company should be worth $50-60B market cap.
1/15 43c
11/20 60c
we going to make FTCH happen ?  or is  everyone here a mean girl
He analised, and found out that GME has a solid FCF, also getting rid of some underperforming shops, to weather the period when no new consoles are on the market. That was he's response at the beginning, you can look it up.

Now what we can see, that the sale of consoles didn't even started, previously, when the previous consoles hit the market, PS4 PS3, then the price went to about 40-50..

Now we have the virus, that might a big boost for GME, more people want a console under the Xmas tree,than a normal year! GME sells online too, no worries if shops are forced to close. I'm loaded up shares, I found expensive the options.
Yeah trust the guy who doesn’t know how to take a picture of his computer screen without a phone
true I will buy one for my brother
Year, month, day, length of ban, number of bans
True just buy all them shits for free chicken dinner
Yeah, i might be the retard then.
Nah I’d rather be fucking around on a moped than on investing.com
What do you mean bro. MSM is constantly reporting on polarizing and race baiting shit. Boring doesn't sell. I'm not on youtube, facebook, twitter, or any of that shit.
Actually yea you're right. Hard to tell because I can't filter.
They had a very good relationship with Obama. Why the hell would it be any different under Biden?
so you're saying i might have a chance for my 16 and 15 11/13 calls to hit???? so I might have a chance cause everyone is gonna buy this dip right?!?!??!
I’m up 10% for the year, if I’d just dumped it all in SPY shares I’d be up over 40%. Why am I so dumb?
Don't stick your dick in crazy
I still have a limit buy order at $3 vom 6 months ago that never got filled.
Prostate stimulation
Let me take a stab at a bearish cute of the big DIX...

DIX was up big yesterday, as what gets reported comes from yesterday. The S&P data on the graph is of course from today.....

If a MM wanted to get a fuck ton of shares to short the whole God damn market, in a short amount of time, without the market knowing, they would buy like crazy on the dark pools....

And then dump them on the market all day...... And maybe the next day....

Volume was down today.... But that could be an indicator of uncertainty....

Big things could be coming...... And then again tomorrow is a big fucking green Friday the 13th
You bet against all the tiktok kids who stay up all night procrastinating homework to watch disney plus
[deleted]
The reason is that even a Republican inquiry found no evidence of wrong doing.
I mean we’ll wait another 2 years until 2025 calls exist lol 

And NIO $300 EOM * noob
Sometimes u gotta lose it all to prove you can make it back 🚬😤
LULU's AH makes no sense to me lol.
I sold my LI$30 call call cause I was too scared to hold overnight
I'm only seeing $65 max even three years out.  Then again I'm using the peasant RH app who knows
PS5 will get better exclusives
gains you say?
*Burisma

🤡🤡🤡
Learn how to take a screenshot
PS5
I am not a rich man. I only invested $1650 on NIO cause I’m fucking poor. But I Got $800 just by clicking a button on RH. 

I have to work 1 and a half weeks to make $800. 

Thank you NIO. pls keep going up so I can buy a car. I’m sick of taking the bus home.
PAAANDEMIC! GOT THAT PAAANDEMIC!
Calls or puts
Should have bought the dip the other day but fuck it, all in on zoom calls tomorrow
Holy fuck, why do you have Mattel?
A trap being set for a full year? Only thing you’ve been avoiding by standing in the sidelines is making bank champ.
Edited the comment due to some lockout. Should have the ESG issues now
So they say the market is forward looking. So is it looking past the depression that is hitting America next year?
what is your price target
[comment removed]
I don’t think you’ve looked that much into NIO if all you think they do is sell cars. They are just as much of a tech company as Tesla and they are doing more.
🍎➡☭
Position?
[deleted]
Then why
Rub a dub dub three bitches in a tub
[deleted]
gonna yolo $DIS tmrw
No puts just sat this retardation out
Tata Motors?
Ohhhhh it’s Fisker, no wonder my investment advisor looked shocked when I reached up my wife’s skirt and began to fist her...thought it was an odd suggestion when discussing retirement.
I was wondering what those are?
Unless it's 2020 and you want to win races.
Is APT a potential play or has that bell been rung too many times?
This is the way
I’m a raging bull, but this shit is absurdity
LMFAO
what do you mean it could have changed your life? You probaby lost it all back from buying weeklies. Wendys is still a Wendys. Ya know?
Thats how I think about it whenever my dumbass misses a massive gain play.
i need some play ideas outside of PLTR, NIO, and whatever other 10 stocks people circle jerk constantly.
I don’t speak this language, autist speak plz
DIS didn’t bounce like I thought it would after ER, 11/13 140c not lookin too good
Nio not included
TSLA REDUCED BATTERY COST ALMOST HIT FULL AUTO! EARNING ON JAN

TSLA TO 550!
Stop limit aka paper pussy hands
wonder how the market will react to that
Your loss 😳🇨🇳

Our profit 😎🇺🇲
Once upon a time , we had that one Chinese guy in Seattle down with coronavirus in February and it was all under control
threats of regulation, executive orders
https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix?
And it’s still climbing. 
Damn
It’s just a bunch of people getting tests rammed up their nose so they can get two weeks off of work. Deaths are minimal. Calls on everything.
ARKK should fomo some NIO shares.
I said exactly that about TSLA then I bought call last month and fucked over everyone.
Ps5 or xbox?
NIO IS the future
🤯
give me an option play over the weekend so i can not get fucked
Baby Yoda accounts for like 40% of its market cap
Sell my puts??
Facts
Went to his twitter account to see if he tweeted anything just now. Didn't see anything new. The older ones from earlier today are mainly about how Fox News is now crap or something.
Alex Karp CEO of PLTR,  pre-IPO his response to how he thinks PLTR will do : " we evaluated the market over the past 10 years and its a bull market for monopolistic companies and bear market for everyone else. We will do fine. "
Yeah but we got that sweet death camp flair now! 🤣
TSLA TO THE MOON!!
What in the boomer?! GG
They pivoted
No
EPS beat by 142% my calls better fuckin print
Imagine buying SPY calls when the EV market is exploding up
Stimulus wont come until at least Feburary 2020 and it will be in the hundreds of billions not trillions
Where you seeing DXY right now?
yea msm = mainstream media 

It isn't just politics. MSM hasn't performed real journalism on anything in a very long time. 

I can't think of any legitimate reason all tech and media censored anything about the Hunter Biden leaks. Forget even about the Burisma stuff, and the audio and text recordings that showed dirty business dealings involving Joe. Just the scandal aspect of it would have sold substantial views and clicks. If Donald Trump's son was caught with tons of video and pics of him smoking crack and having sex with hookers (and his dead brothers wife) it would have been plastered everywhere. 

There is massive bias. Denying that reality is either dishonesty or a high level of self delusion
Nah I stand on the sidelines for retardation like this.. “If a bird sees a trap being set, it knows to stay away” proverbs 1:17
We still about to crash. Y’all inexperienced. NYC is dead why anybody up 200%
Lmfao
When is earnings?
I have paper hands and sold it all eod today
False, I learn everything from wsb.
I want it all, they all go up huge amounts erryday
You guys are sleeping in Moderna vaccine news hitting the desk at any point over the next week
Right, I mean he has a point. China is bad but not specifically this sub.
Both lol
so dis is now a tech company? EPS drops like 160% from 1 yr ago, and no its almost back to ATH.
Isn’t there like 2x more calls?
This upcoming Thursday*
Guess who gonna crunch all that test data. PLTR
Virus doesn’t scare anyone anymore. Covid a lil bitch. If you wanna scare the market keep manipulating it with executive orders, lying continually about weed legalization and green energy, and threatening higher taxes and regulations.
that was my free robinhood stock. naturally, I think its due for a 1000% spike one of these days
The first one was
I’m sad cause I have a saved post from 130+ days ago telling me to buy NIO 7c....I really could’ve been in a lambo huh
[deleted]
Yup first he cancels stimulus talks then throws shade at China. Expect more to come.
[deleted]
When chinese ev goes down 0.01%

 **🥵**  **🥵**  **🥵**
As a black gay conservative, fuck what they did to my boy BABA
Spy calls 🤡
Ride straight into a dumpster fire. Gonna be lit fam
Why do you say that?
Hence the term "Rolling" which means to trade up and out to further strikes and expirations as they make themselves available. 

You have been learnt. 

Nio $250 EOM.
DIX just jumped up bigly
Well it was.
Elon pre hairplugs is what made Pete gay
Okay Holden caulfield
It is Thursday...
I didn’t even know I wasn’t allowed to say what I said. But Daddy mod taught me a lesson I’ll never forget. I’ll be a good girl always now.
Damn you're like, super dumb huh
Hold bitch
I didn’t see meme stocks or did I miss something
I’m sorry but if you pay for a financial advisor, you’re a fucking retard. Everything can be learned on investopedia lol. Now a proper accountant, that’s worth it
Haha alright, we'll see ya tomorrow bud.
3400 would make a lot of people happy. Myself included
[removed]
Yes, telling people to wear masks to stop viruses from spreading during a GLOBAL PANDEMIC is dictatorship.
I am willing to bet you all the money I have in my shares that you are wrong.

Red or blue, the military industry always wins.

Not to mention, Palantir can help with leftist causes like COVID tracking apps.

Even the socialist President in France is doing business with Palantir.
Your arguments didn't even do that. When Rothbard and Mises say "Money needs to be based on a commodity because it's a store of value, and the commodity has value relative to other commodities in the market", and you say "Well, this one time a giant influx of gold came into a specific region, the value dropped!" Right, that's inflation, and isn't a contradiction or error on their part. It's you not understanding what they said, and you continue to not understand anything happening in this exchange. You've clearly watched an "Austrian economics debunked!" video on YouTube, and that's the extent of your "knowledge" on the subject.
Come on dude
He’s Fucking dad
He hasn’t even been sworn into office yet relax lol
Imma need it to tank 2% tonight
I hear ya. There’s a lot of potential with this trade. The $100,000 P/L was taken from after hours price at that time. I agree, Dis gonna get the green dildo tmrw morning!
[Thats alot of puts expiring tomorrow](https://i.imgur.com/Lp2S5Bf.jpg)
#BREAKING FROM @WALTERBLOOMBEEG:

“$NIO to acquire $APPLE tomorrow at 9:30. Tim Apple to become the CEO of CCP”
All of that good will went into the few times she had sex with that Wereslug. She deserves it.
Ah, my bad. Thought I had read 3x somewhere. Still, I bought some shares and 11/20 $20C
Forgot NIO was part of futures
martin shkreli is probably upset about missing out on chinabro ev pumps
spy calls. lmfao.
Commercial real estate is super fuk. Maybe they can turn some of it into residential and we can all be less fuk.
How do we gamble on cities populations???! WTF!
Are we boned? It's up a little bit AH
You’re going to be rich man. Stay humble in the meantime
🚀🚀
Once this tanks a couple of percent I’m taking my money out and I’m fucking off. It’s time I finally start enjoying some of my gains
No one gives a fuck what that butthole says about Gyna 🤣
I see you read the glossary
Haven't done much research into Kandi but it looks kind of sus on the surface with their really cheap car and targeting the US market first. LI seems to have the rural, lower-middle class domestic market locked down pretty nice with their extended range vehicle
Been a while since I’ve watched futures hoping it would tank. Weird vibes
We will see 50 PM, maybe hit 55 before settling at 53 and then a slow bleed AH.
smart
I really hope you just got awarded this flair for this comment
Man. Down 1.2mil in less than a month. Still insane gains!
Everyone betting on nio and I'm here losing on spy calls after buying at the top on monday.
[deleted]
go Fastly!
Theta gang here. Thx for your dough
What the fuck is happening to Amazon? Need this to go to 3400
What are you talking about, all I see is green NIO.
Yeah been on that train the last 3 weeks too
Theta burn
[removed]
[deleted]
WA has the highest numbers recorded in the state *now*.

Everywhere in the US is reporting record cases.
Delusional
[deleted]
Keep an eye out during market hours and sell at the first green opportunity, it won't stay there long.
I’m surprised you didn’t get a boner looking at your boner.
A serious answer is food. Dltr, kr, etc
Same lmaooooo 35 days was fucking ridiculous
You're not getting a gf anytime soonm
Okay, question. I just activated RH gold. I have $2,100 in my account ($1,550 in stock, $550 in buying power). My margin borrowing limit is currently set for $1,000, I haven’t used any and I don’t plan on using over $1,000. But my margin maintenance is only $435. That seems a bit low, no?
[removed]
[deleted]
Have you tried NIO?
Otherwise known as the spinning leek song for those old enough
There are no 2025 calls p
I don't really follow BABA but saw a lot of people here complaining about how it keeps going down. Did a small trade on BABA for the first time the other day.

Why'd it drop so much in the first place? Read something about delisting.
Uhhh why are futures red?
My employer bought a new computer, I checked and it’s Microsoft. Does this constitute a strategic partnership with Microsoft? Should I buy calls?
I’m a bear but that’s a little aggressive if you ask me
PLTR looks prepared for lift off 🚀
Ok, doomer.
The biggest scam of all time would be a nio dump premarket when no one could get out of their calls
7:30/10:30 if it's green
LI reversing
Not in my area. 400k gets you shit.
At least you have stops then
Hold those bad boys
Mango is such a bitch lol
Get him boys!
What's up with this Elizabeth Holmes chick?
Oh Jesus 🥭
Lol omg 69. HAHAHA
Just another day in the stimulation!
Big brain:  what’s better for a communist country than EV.  U WANNA STOP ALL THE FUCKING TRAFFIC ALL U GOTTA FO IS HIT A BUTTON.  

NIO 100 soon
To clarify my question, what you want to hear is the redneck bullshit, not the mainstream media. 

Actual news tends to be boring facts, not the emotional buttons pushing Garbage you find on your YouTube videos, fox, facebook, fucking parlor, etc
Doesn’t matter bro you’ll last 5 minutes. Ask her to write us up some DD
If you're trading derivatives, time is against you. Also something, something capital efficiency and proper risk management.
Is the storm red or green in this scenario lol
Went to chicago a while back. The views off the willis tower are pretty great
great now we all have AIDS.
Why
Just got back from my 35 day ban for referencing America’s leadership. I stopped coming here since I couldn’t contribute. First thing I did was buy NIO puts today. My time away has made me a 🌈🐻
Yes!  Preach brother!
Did it? Guidance was all positive. After market is just shifting back from the late day slide. Revenue was 289 million versus $279.3 million expected.
Thanks doctor nobody
This!
One of us! One of us! One of us!
Fair. I was quick glancing at EPS on RH and their earnings chart is truly a basic bitch
Make my FDX calls great again
I think we'll drop a bit but idk knowing that there's a vaccine coming I don't think we'll panic sell like we did in March but I also don't know anything so who knows
That's all I needed to go ballz deep
?
Nice entry point now
Stimulus thats guaranteed not to pass until at LEAST early Feburary after Biden is sworn in and at an amount much less than the 2.4 TRILLION democrats want.
Tell him about the potential gains of options dont mentions risks and yaaaaaa gay bear 4 life
?
Yea, to theta gang
We should add Total Landscaping to everything WSB
I switched everything over from Nio to Li before closing. Glad I did ☘️
Good luck tomorrow https://www.instagram.com/p/CHgWa5aBPnL/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
Just used my LULU mirror today.
Cool product, but having to look at my naked body and crooked penis, made me depressed. I ate a whole pizza.


Calls on PTON
Errrbody get your glow on
Meter is running whether the taxi is moving or not.
Yeah!!  Stock doubles overnight!
[removed]
Last I checked 14.7 is a larger number than 14.6
Same here man
Oh man I wouldn’t ever bet against the NIO
You realize that parabolas go up and then they go back down just as hard right?
Calm before the storm
Bearish
Shit we have a 3 BR in St. Paul for 190K
Source or ban
🤕
This is laden with potential.
Funny just saw the Ford CEO on Mad Money, Cramer targets F at $12 a share.  F is so cheap I’ll take a flier on the boomer calls.
This, this is what’s up and people don’t realize
They just posted one of their record sales periods, there's no reason to believe BABA is not a solid company.
shh.. he just learned that word today.
lul
Nio producing EV TANKS!?!? BAN????
Rolling NIO Calls till the year 2025. Mark it. 

NIO $250 EOM.
[deleted]
What about KNDI?
gay microcap
I wasn’t comparing covid to the flu btw, I’m just saying it’s easier to catch the flu during this time, so it’s going to be even easier to catch covid. Thanks for actually having a brain.
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/1327032701925412865?s=19

Dough Buyden 👀
Me too. I have PLTR 11/20 13p and DKNG 11/20 50c. Bought when it was around 45 and it tanked immediately and hasn't recovered. Nice AH action tho.
Ha
Boomer music?
[deleted]
Gamestop has been the number 1 trending search on Google trends for the last few days. This stock is going ALOT higher and he knows it. 

[https://trends.google.com/trends/trendingsearches/daily?geo=US](https://trends.google.com/trends/trendingsearches/daily?geo=US)
The Dow has more red days than green yet somehow still manages to go up
I’m holding the March 2021 $21c.
Hey retards. I missed the PLTR earnings call. Did I miss anything good?
👀
You need to look more into earnings than just EPS.... they didn't miss...
Absolute shit. Buy calls.
[deleted]
Accidentally bought AAPL Total Landscaping
Test test



COVID Test 

🤡🤡🤡
no one cares about shitcoin
Now we are testing 1.5 million people a day and catching 150k infections. Realistically, the actual number of infected is anywhere from 5-10x that.
Oh
Got a test done in NYC back in August - shit took 9 days to get back to me. Be happy with 2-3.
I think a bull would win in a fight with a bear, so bullish, unless it was a grizzly vs bull, then bearish
Thots on CRBP?
BABA :(
This is what commitment looks like
Man 15 minutes = 1 hour lol
Shit I bought a house in a major city (Twin Cities) for 190K
12/2 SPY 275 P. We gonna see a March like dip in cashing in boys with lockdowns after thanksgiving
🤡🤡🤡
not sure, I think it depends on what the rest of the market does.

not sure how this biden/trump shit is gonna shake the markets.
That’s pretty much all there is to know
Because you’re a simp who puts women on a pedestal
But... I bought the puts today. Oh fuk. Guys. I’m a bear.
Saxo? Options fees are high though
To the moon?!
NIO 


CEO William Bin will soon announce expansion plans. Expect a hint to an accelerated move to North America!
It’s obviously fraudulent buuuuuuuuuut as long as its dollars instead of pennies in front of this steam roller why not
I'm about to go broke thanks to going all in on weeklies last week.

Never would I think that console launch this stock would fall.
NIO puts are gonna pay bigly tomorrow
Yikes, good point! I'll make an edit.
Chicago commercial building occupancy is at 16% of what it was a year ago. New York is lower. Sounds bullish.
I meant the systemic conditions in the American market, SPY eating shit and all that
just buy an even split of NIO XPEV LI, these along with BYD are the only big players out of like 40+ Chinese EV startups to start successful mass production
Imagine having enough capital to buy calls on more than 1 stock
Short the Russell 2000.
is BABA donezo?
I’m thinking ZM but PTON is good too
Last one with a touch of the first one
I was thinking EPS, 0.02 estimated with -0.96 actual
Would you say you have a considerable amount more success trading options with unlimited day trades ??? Thinking about switching to cash account on TD ameritrade ..
I am  turned Chinese EV bull from being neutral.
https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/other/investors-poured-456-billion-into-junk-bonds-after-election/ar-BB1aXk9A
TBH the only thing I know about NIO is they sell electric cars and this sub really really likes them..... hence my whole portfolio is NIO calls rn.
Yeah you can play spreads in cash account. There’s no restriction except that margin is removed. Yeah I find it to be helpful just because I seem more suited to scalping than longer plays while building capital.
Do I see 3 or 4 YOLOs?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

^(You need help.)
It's at 51B mcap lol
When you get a hooker does the hour start as soon as she walks in or is small talk for 5 minutes not count? I could use that 5 minutes to do so many things
Yeah, just stick a fork in this socket!
Someone said he already cashed out his cost basis, so he's playing with pure profit right now. But yeah he's still probably rich for not taking $1m profit lol.
Increasing shutdowns is bullish to curb the spread
It’s just my retirement. NBD
Both
After the way it’s been going this week I’m seeing gap up and fade... and then back to flat. I’m getting out of my calls at open
Same let’s fuckin go
Ah I see.  Doesn’t quite cover the 8% loss during the day but fingers crossed foe tomorrow.
Why not both
Obvious solution is to buy a wheelchair
PLTR is going to tank in the morning.  Up 10 cents is not exciting,  I have DKNG and I need it to 🚀
shares because solid company. calls rn are a death trap
Did u not see the ah action ?
Because I have missed out by being a papers hands little fuck I am going to hold my Nio calls which are both up 70percent though earnings. Convince me otherwise
Yeah I’m reading a lot of mixed reviews currently, seems about as risky as buying as electronic on eBay. Thanks for the recommendation
Stonks
HCAC/Canoo will present at Barclays Global Automotive Conference this Thursday at 4:05pm.

I wonder what they’re going to unveil and why they’re presenting specifically after market close. Will likely be their parcel delivery van.
🚀🚀🚀
 "Trump bans investments in companies that White House says aid China’s military"

&#x200B;

* The  order bars American companies and individuals from owning stakes in  Chinese companies the White House says help the advancement of the  People’s Liberation Army.
* President Donald Trump wrote: “The  People’s Republic of China (PRC) is increasingly exploiting United  States capital to resource and to enable the development and  modernization of its military.”
* The ban will take effect starting Jan. 11, 2021, and targets 31 companies.

&#x200B;

[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/trump-bans-investments-in-companies-that-aid-chinas-military.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/trump-bans-investments-in-companies-that-aid-chinas-military.html)

Bad for Chines Stock from now on?
Regardless, it's a hot potato contest and I plan on holding the potato for a few days at a time

Works out most of the time
New York testing lines are longer than the first wave. LA dodges has like a 2 hour long car waiting line to get tested
https://youtu.be/UfHtcUZXljw
MODS Flair me “I’m naked” as clothes are ‘non essential’ items in the UK.
LI gonna open at whatever NIO opens at tomorrow.
On wsb, everyone is a quantitative options analyst
How's that work when you roll losses into a further dated option to collect more credit?

Do you take a loss for the trade?
I dont give a fuck about next year! what about my $15 and $16 11/13 calls. im so fucking bad at this....im going back to r/stocks
Less money=fewer decisions
Given NIO actually makes cars....
we all gonna die one day man don’t stress yourself with artificial shit 🥰
# The American Stock Market does not negotiate with Bearrorists.
!emojify
Congrats! 
 Upside down it looks just like my robinhood
Why the hell you do assume he's trading large caps? He could be trading small, med, large, otc, derivatives or whatever.
[removed]
y not both
Time for a re-watch.
Why hasn’t RKT gotten out of the $20’s? This thing is stuck and they’ve had killer ER’s.
BIG DIX

RIP BEARS
Yes, you have to yell it in the middle of the city center for everyone to hear otherwise it doesnt work
That shit would circuit breaker in one minute
I think you could literally say that into the phone to the lawyer's receptionist and everything else would be taken care of.
Thx dad
Truly we live in reversed world now.
Including this one meta isn’t it
Gracias my man, I'll look into it
Don’t tell them about Kandi that’s all I have left
Gratz!!!!
Yes
Up 1% AH after earnings announced and conf call
B!tcoin is literally free money. Retail FOMO only just starting
12/4 30 put
I bought 5 shares of Li randomly at like noon and I'm already up like 20% lol
Is anyone really paying financial advisors other the the super wealthy?
What's the name of the girl on the left with the bow tie?
Or PTON calls...one of the two
They beat earnings yo
Imagine doing fundamental analysis.

If its going parabolic I just hop on that bitch😂
Low volume. check tomorrow. AH can be misleading.
Have you found more success being able to enter and exit trades unlimitedv
Don’t forget about your margin call
I'd say 33.333333333333%. There's a chance it could just stay flat
Brain Wrinkles have nothing to do with knowledge retard.
Hold, wait for earnings pump.
I could see some gains the next week with earnings fear gone too
i can only answer for me.  personally. i love it.  you do you.  but i am backmarket for life.
the latter
Im holding Jan calls
Where lol
Get rich homie
Your
Moving to Orlando with your parents. Get a weekend job at a hotel and bang all the drunk mommies
🤡🤡🤡
What about spreads? Can’t play them?
Nio calls back on the menu



What you guys think about Kandi?
Fomo into nio tmr. It will always be the top! Cause it will keep running!
Yes
> our discord checking in

what's that? prviate group or something?
Just bought into March calls today. Earnings were bullish, especially the buybacks. Once it goes, I’d imagine it’ll hit a meme mania phase again
Fuck around and find out mang!
Linsanity
I have 11/13 exp and am trying to decide when to sell
STIMULUS. dumb bear never fuckin learn
PLTR went up?   Are we looking at the same chart?
NIO
People who bought BABA... did you buy because BABA is a solid company or because it dropped a whole lot and you believe buying this dip is literally free money?
Hold!
I'm bullish because most of the time stonks go up and it's pretty hard to accurately predict short term fluctuations, so I default to the prior.
They projected good earnings prior to going public, analysts projected the same thing, it’s a great stock for shares and leaps. wsb just went rabid over it during the post election rally because it jumped. Nobody’s bearish they just want you to shut the fuck up and stop stating the obvious.
This is the last one I found. Maybe he was jacked to the tits in TSLA calls for the split and has no time for us plebs anymore. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/i0ksy1/30_july_2020_its_your_boy_chimpu_back_with_daily/
You’re looking at this backwards, this is a morbid reality of the market but more suffering gonna pump tech and chance for stimulus. Go long.
As long as I’m 💎👋🏻 these NIO calls, you can refer to me as Numbuh 274
NIO LEASING TESLAS FACTORIES FOR PRODUCTION -ELONGUS MUSKRAT
I lost a lot of money today. But that's ok I don't like money anyway 😊🔫
Fuck you! and congrats
Update: I sold some on Tuesday and did some swing trades. So went from 105k to 68k (original post) to 140k. Then today I lost shit ton so I'm down to 70k. 20k of that is 15c 11/13.
Bullish because Chevy truck month
Calls long term but wait for the fear dip.
NOK. How much lower can it go?
Hang in there
No worries, this thread is like therapy... had 12k shares and 440 leaps mixed of 7, 10, and 15....

Currently saddest six figure win in history knowing today’s price, still have a few thousand shares but realizing I could sell weeklies for six figures on the position... ugh(#2Million diamond hand reasons...)

Love the company!
Hold or sell NIO calls tmr?
because fuck disney
Madison county housing market is insane rn. Houses sell in less than a week most of the time it feels like.
I am confused by the second wave. Isn’t it just moving out to the midwest and places it hasn’t been yet?
Bearish because even if a vaccine could stop corona overnight it's going to take years to undo the economic damage. Fed isn't going to raise rates which means the economy is at a greater risk of tanking if companies default on loans/bonds.

Ask yourself right now what is the need for labor? Do you need the same level of labor as you did in 2019? 2000?
[deleted]
They could have bought the shares in the after hours and locked in intrinsic value, but they’re probably too autistic for that. Also, congrats to the bears for overpaying for volatility.
I thought I was the only autist doing this.
Just be rich, dummy 🤡
He made a lot more than $100k as long as the price holds up.  IV wasn't super huge so there shouldn't be a massive crush.  He paid $4.70.  At $140 he has $2 of intrinsic value ($138c) and will have roughly $5 of extrinsic, maybe less.  He's looking at around $7 per option in the morning.  So his profit is $2.30x2000 = $460k.  Depends on the price in the morning and the true IV crush.

Breakeven points only matter if holding to expiration.  There is still premium because it doesn't expire until 12/13.
So your telling me there’s a chance
Short it and find out
Is that Elon in a hat and trench coat?
Poetic.
Because if there ever is a short squeeze like everyone believes there will be, his current $1m profit will turn into easily $5m+
PLTR missed earnings and went up. DKNG tomorrow could announce a 500% beat and still go down. Lol
17 year... they should be able to fund their own development without a nearly a billino in quarterly loss.
[deleted]
Why are you like this?
THAT’S MORE LIKE IT
11/13 50c
[removed]
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
I lost it all once (\~$20k to about $400), then slowly over 1.5 years got back up to break even and then lost it all again.

:clown\_face:
Lol only boomers pay financial advisors - I just filter by DD on wsb for free :)
Once again I come to the mods with a humble request for a separate Nio shitpost thread
Wonder if NIO will ever fall like NKLA
Ya I am holding inthere sold 5 at 1.82 before the big dip so locked in about triple my money. Now I need to find another play and triple that 900. Gotta get up to the 10k yolo stage.
Gay
shutdown = hopes of reopening = calls
Sure but is that because the business is being mismanaged or they aren't selling their product well or because they're reinvesting in growth? The number doesn't mean anything by itself
Nice! Planter back up,  tomorrow we ride
When you have a uniquely diverse portfolio

[https://imgur.com/a/dgzUnYl](https://imgur.com/a/dgzUnYl)
Don’t lie. It was harder when I saw it last time
OPERATION NIO AND LI TONIGHT, WE SAW WHAT HAPPENED TODAY BOYS
CHWY,ZM,ROKU,PTON,PINS calls let’s go 🚀🚀
Lol, love it. Not a boomer though. In my 30’s. Just a boomer move. That’s trend trading though.
100k on Robinhood...
NIO daily production numbers
Hmm strange...

I guess get your calculator out and try using this:
 https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/blackscholes.asp
FUCK YOU CONGRATS
I'm bearish because the market historically performs worse on Friday the 13th (https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/markets/2017/10/13/stock-paraskevidekatriaphobia-trading-friday-13-th-can-frightful/760899001/)
yes
11/20 50 calls
[deleted]
This is great
I bought at 41, then it crashes to 39 and I panicked sold. Now it's sky high. Fml
I need a flair
News is showing Covid testing lines across the country and they are huge. Second wave is going to be humongous. Time to buy puts

The vaccine news was just our blowoff top
You know what that means....
Non. Just bought stock.
Your goose is cooked
I'll give you $11.50
So like 80% of posts on this sub just made 50-200% on ev calls today. If you inversed that you would’ve lost your entire account? So use what you see here as part of a sample and make educated decisions lol
Props for actually going back and reading it. More DD than 90% of people here do lol.
Looks like JAMF finally did something this quarter. Last earnings total disappointment
Don’t be gullible 😝
You can't even fit an entire game on a physical disk anylonger, what are people going to gamestop for? Are they just buying in game currency and over priced used gear?
There needs to be a Chinese EV ETF
Buy longer dated options and hold, you bitch.
Buy high, sell higher 😎
No Guts... No Glory...
if this happens I will bust a nut
Praying for a jump im ready to get out of this position
Does it involve more work than yelling, "I declare bankruptcy!"?
How do flairs get changed ?
Fuck your GYNA EV’s
[deleted]
[deleted]
Does that mean the remaining shares will be unlocked soon and will take the share price down? Or am I retarded? Or both
I heard that NIO was getting bought by PLTR
careful

mango tweeted bad about china stocks
[deleted]
Bruh every comment in here is literally about nio
What are the odds, LI, XPENG AND NIO ARE GONNA BLOW UP after earning each time? .... Im hoping NIO does tho
Thanks pops
I think she used to be but now more plastic-y looking.
[removed]
I'm pretty sure you cant
How come that guy on front page in a wheel chair can find a hot wife and I can’t even get a date with a fatty
CBAT- I’ll take a look at that. Cheers.  FSR claims to be working on a solid state battery- which is why they pushed their flagship model back a year- for refinement and further testing. They claim to be close. If true, is a game changer. Also why I’m long QuantumScape
[deleted]
I am looking to unload fsly that was another purchase I didn’t quite think through. I also know verizon does CDN and Akamai. I don’t know much about them other than that so maybe something makes them special or maybe it’s just marketing.
Youre right. I skim them. Was hoping someone would argue the other side. Thanks
LI up 17% AH 
Paperhands in shambles
I mean the systemic conditions for NIO in China are looking pretty fkin bullish baby
That's some Old Testament shit right thurr
Buy high sell low baby
I’ve literally seen this exact comment weekly since like January 2018 lmfao
Everything goes downhill after the first one. 3 is so fucking bad. 

Cloud Atlas & Speed Racer were peak Wachowski ~~brothers~~ sisters.
I’m gonna check back in an hour. Watch we are green as fuck somehow.
BABA? BABA!
For the SEC filings posted after hours 

https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?CIK=1750153&owner=exclude
You can run multiple apps very smoothly, also has a built in pen which is very useful for drawing on charts. It is what I am using now.
Bears r fuk
347*
Probably, if it does, I'm expecting 28-30k.
Is that even a thing?
[deleted]
I didn’t think you could do this on any platform
WSB was all about shorting ZM at 140, now that its at 400-500 its calls all day. Same goes for PTON. Yall get credit for the rest though.
11/13 51c
Sneaky 🧐
calls
Can we get another NIO rumor in here?
Optionsprofitcalculator
Actual translation of his hand gesture: 

“I give this many fucks about a recount!”.
Bought NIO at 25. How high can it go?
Why...? It's not like you can trade options after 4:15 anyway?
The market has and never will give a fuck. 20 by open.
Mainly NIO, SPWR and PACB
This is the actual answer, many colds come back positive as coronavirus since covid-19 is actually a type of cold. It's been freezing these last few days and flu season is ramping up. Being cold lowers your immune system.
Faang
Why’s this site seem like a scam though?
JD 120 next week. 💪😤
It's not that hard
Just trying to get some small wins in my pathetic RH account. Pissed at myself for closing my NIO spreads this afternoon.... hopefully that one LI spread i bought at the close will make up for it cuz the way my bank account looks.... is not right.

DIA 289 / 287p debit 11/13

SPY 352.5 / 351p debit 11/13

TGT 160 / 162.5c debit 11/20

NIO 44.5 / 45c debit 11/20 \*5

LI 35 / 40 debit 11/20
Lock in for the slow bleed
Just depends on...everything. How the stock is moving, and how you expect it to keep moving. If it’s like a more sluggish blue chip type stock, you don’t wanna roll that far up at a time. If it’s a stock that keeps doubling every month like NIO’s crazy ass (and you think it can keep doing that) you want to roll very aggressively since you think the options that are currently way OTM will be ITM soon. Understand your higher strike OTM stuff will have a lower delta so it won’t follow the stock movement almost 1:1 like a deep ITM option will, but you will see bigger % gains from the OTMs if you get the movement you expect - example: say NIO is 45 and you have a 35C, and NIO goes up $3 in a day. Your option will pick up about $3, but that $3 will be an increasingly small portion of the option price as it gets more and more ITM. A 50C won’t increase $3 - maybe half that - but it also didn’t cost nearly as much when the day started.
Exactly what I remember millennials saying about the smart car
I did, same shit
[deleted]
VIRGIN LIVES MATTER
Tomorrow morning, pretty bad; in a year, very well.
What Nio positions are y’all holding? :)
All good man sometimes less is more
No, there is nothing wrong with me. I commented noting that he asked about languages not how coding works. They you attempted to humble brag, switching to ad-hominems. Is something wrong with you is the better question.
Is it just me or does it look like the spoiled mango bout to do some shit to fuck up the market tomorrow then pass it off as "See the market doesn't want biden!" For the whole weekend.
I mean it wouldn't make sense in like ye ye Oklahoma panhandle, but it would make a lot of sense on the big interstate corridors. People more or less commute between LA and the SF bay area, that would be a perfect application for a battery swap out there in the middle, you can get to either destination with 50% capacity.  Same goes for LA to Vegas, or SF to Tahoe. I don't know about other parts of the country but I'm sure there are similar trips that it would make sense to be able to swap. 

But yeah this is some cool shit even without the meme
It will be a year long pump. Just have to know when to buy calls, sell calls, buy puts, and sell puts. OR. Just hold leaps/shares.
Literally any stock because none of this has mattered to the market.
Dear diary,

Today the markets dropped and I bought the dip again.
You're as "invested" as I am in fantasy sports. It's okay to say speculative gambling around here.
Stop selling at a loss unless a) it hits a loss percentage you have decided is where you cut ties, b) something changed in the underlying to no longer like the play 

Rarely do you time a play right where it goes your direction immediately after purchase and reverts after you sell. Be patient, trust your research.
Try buying Robinhood gold
What are you some blue pill dweeb?
With all those Biden celebrations I would put my life savings and about 50k in margin(at least) on covid calls. Shit is gonna skyrocket over the next few days
profitable each time 🤡
foo it's at $78 right now.
Lmao
if earnings suck probably, if not... no
Trading hours and systemic conditions don’t apply to NIO
Got any links to some documents or articles regarding it?
Ima go ahead and ask for roku to go to $210 or so
Here with ya
ROPE
Bought at the bottom huh
whats this corona19 im hearing about?
😂
WTF XPEV TURN GREEN YOU HOMO LI AND NIO ALREADY ON MISSION SPACE
[deleted]
That's a good one. I will keep that in mind. Thank you brother.
>Li has had to recall over 3k cars (i think) in this Q..

bullish
Bullish
I do. Is why I bought Palanqeer. Uncle Thiel’s savagery turns me on.
He can cash out right now afterhours.. You see, Options are gay and only open 930am-4pm.. BUT SHARES are cool and trade after-hours up to 7-8pm (can't remember the exact time because I trade futures which are open all night and trade even on sundays!)
there's optimistic, and then there's your target
Get fucked
He can cash out right now afterhours.. You see, Options are gay and only open 930am-4pm.. BUT SHARES are cool and trade after-hours up to 7-8pm (can't remember the exact time because I trade futures which are open all night and trade even on sundays!)
Guaranteed he did a trifecta of puts on NIO, XPEV and LI. Figured they'd all go down together.
That oil contract surprised me. It's a sign that AI and Palantir are taking over the world.
Sky’s the limit
We found the 🌈🐻
Because stonks only go up bro. It's the reality that bears are fighting to ignore. Stonks may sometimes dip, but if you gotta bet, better to be on the side that wins 90% of the time.
What are your positions?!
Where can I see updated options prices based on after hours movement? Robinhoood sucks for this
About to get some spicy nugs from Wendy’s, get high as *fuck* and watch Ghost Adventures
SELL NIO TOMORROW?
I am up 12047% ytd on my paper account, also!
[deleted]
Starting to believe that Monday’s pump was just so the big boys could get out before the next leg down.
They should just change the name of this sub to r/nio. 

99% of the posts are about nio.
I think the Chinese EVs are scams but then i also think that China will do whatever they can to prevent another Luckin. GSX was accused of being a scam right after Luckin and the stock was clearly manipulated to triple in a few months after. So moral of the story is if/when any of these Chinese EVs get accused of fraud, buy the dip.
Take that back Kid number 2
I bought in on that around 9 and sold around 11. Kind of regretting.
This after hours action is wild! Can’t wait for tomorrow. Gonna be volatile. Also, as I have had to post several times to others whining about the EPS, their loss was due to one time stock compensation following their listing. Had nothing to do with bad business. Big money realized that once they skimmed through the report and it swung 10% back from the dead in after hours. Amazing quarter if you ask me. My 11/20 15c could be a lost cause, but I’m holding onto my February 15c load for a while. Huge bull move coming the next few weeks and months I think.
And you sold at a lower price each time ?
This. In and out fellas
I have 8 $40 puts expiring tomorrow 😶
Deal
I'll dance to Momos dance party
Never mind. Saw the chart
HOLY SHIT 150,000 DAILY CASES
Tired of all these matrix jokes on here lately. Those movies aren’t even good
u guys think peter and elon touched tips when they became billionaires at paypal and that's what made peter gay or has he been gay the whole time u think?
What are the stocks to buy if it gets REALLY bad? 

Like, a huge wave of unemployment/evictions and no stimulus "bad."
one of the best contrarians to live 👌
Ha! Nice.
$20
Oh yeah, how could I forget Issac Nikola?
Paper hands, then a reality check, then chasing it back up
APT has hurt me so many times before but I keep coming back. I think that’s called stock holm syndrome.
Yeah I was thinking a call expiring in March sometime, next couple months gonna be nuts
Ive used androids forever. They are more like windows than Apple software so I have easier time. Some shit can be super annoying like for some reason they can't get the auto correct right in 3 phone releases.
Any other benefits?
The true WSB way.
Shit the bed but future guidance looking good.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   357.0|7.26|7.29|7.41|-1.45|20.117%


SPY 357.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc3lc2e&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I am literally unable to roll my CCs any higher on both NIO and XPEV :(
You have zero grooves in your brain if you don't take out half of LI at open
[deleted]
You’ll vibe? 🐱🎶
yea I'll buy if that happens, I don't think this earnings changed anything just by AH activity.
$53 EOD tomorrow on God
Woahhhh NIO above 49 AH!
More deaths = less people selling NIO, so clearly bullish ++
I was thinking the same calls, but for Kohl's. Any reason one clothing store would do better than the other?
Big dick move
No I like it. I’m loading with vix so wsb being bullish gets me horny
Now that's the kind of shit I like to hear baby. My man with the big balls. Just fucking sending it. ayeeeeeeeeeee
LI because I've never heard of it and every retard and his second cousin on here put their life savings in NIO.
I've now bought NIO at all time highs 6 times 🤡
Nah man you’re baked. KND was like 6/10. Only good episode was the rich kids toe nail episode
Who cares
who knows. only down about 5% AH. Wish I sold my leaps when it was up 10%. Don't know what I was thinking. we'll see what it does tomorrow.
Idc how you do it so long as it’s over text message and you post the screen shot of the response.
I couldn't figure out what to do today and nio was going down so I was like eh sell some TQQQ puts. Then I see nio rebound like wtf. Then I see someone say that nio's actual target price for investors is $150?!?!?!?! All in tomorrow assuming there isn't huge poo.
Building a factory is in fact not the same thing as building a car.

Also, you're saying that they are building the factory a year after they said they were going to build the vehicle as if it's a good thing
Whatever it takes for what?
God I love capitalism. Makes shit like this happen, who would’ve ever thought of making this in any one there society
[deleted]
Bro please don't get puts and lose all your money.
I called the national problem Gambling and they said my NIO 11/13 100c is not gambling but a sure thing and hung up on me. I feel real confident now 🤪
Shit, I call that a win
So what happened with PLTR earnings?
Ban
When the implied move is 8% but only moves 0.52%

*oof*
Chicago shutting down, is this the start of another huge dip
Samsung Note. Awesome screen.
Jesus.  I just got a Google pixel 2xl mint for $200.  On backmarket.com.   Never loved a phone this much ever.

https://www.backmarket.com/?gclid=CjwKCAiA17P9BRB2EiwAMvwNyFQd5Zzi2jXxZb4PJnUQGrYQBtxWyqkm0TTwk5-x8J4jg2rey4zxDxoCqQ0QAvD_BwE
As someone who sells buttplugs, you are over paying.
Somebody's mad because they missed general tso's tendie wagon today.
Churn? I'm guessing they had alot of capex on developing their software?.
Thinking the same thing. After about a month of practice I got it to under a minute. And that's with the standard method of solving.
Well deserved.
Etsy 100p
🤡🤡
I got some MGM today
Alright XPEV it’s all love baby I didn’t mean any of that
PLTR up after hours is bullish IMO
What’s the sentiment? Loaded on puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just bought some Morimoto Headlights for my truck.  Ford headlights are shit from the factory.  12/18 SPY 357c
Kinda incorrect title. The share didn’t fall sharply AFTER first earnings report. It’s been falling all day today. As matter of fact, it’s been going up since the conference call.
I got poots on nio will i be okay..m they expire dec 4th
Noone seems to get this
Any chance we can get a separate thread for the nio fan club
Totally forgot about silver....
Absofuckinglutely
Sounds kinda retarded I might consider it
Care to share date and strike? Looking into getting leaps.
Yup, sub can make you rich if you have the 25k in your tendie account to ride there trains.
Air BnB?
I didn’t even open the article just read headline... you think too highly of me
TOS cash account here. I enjoy it as it’s kind of a built in risk limitation but more so just because unlimited day trades are nice while building capital
Strange man in mask chases me around my neighborhood tomorrow?
Remember when Peter Thiel funded lawsuits against Gawker media until they went bankrupt
i invest in the man, not the company
Why Fsly and CRWD
grindr
So stop doing step 3 or stop not doing step 1
it's american but they don't have the economies of scale advantage like tesla does.  PLUS, they don't have the battery technology which is what tesla has over everyone.

CBAT is on teslas heals though.  it's a reasonable penny stock that has the tabless battery design on the way for 2021
I'm having a great day. But answer the question. 

Is this how you act irl?
420C baba 7 contracts
[deleted]
I'll take you up on that, paypal me 12 bucks so I can buy some white claws lmao
message unclear, selling tomorrow at open
[deleted]
Not being rich is stupid
Sir this is Wendy's
You sure its a pump? Personally I think Nio is still undervalued. $65 11/27 YOLO
Bro. Sick show with sick acrnyms
So we've gotten faster at testing?
If I wasn’t locked into Apple, I’d get a Sony.
I bought puts and I feel dumb
DKNG gonna jump or dump after ER??
Well PLTR is up AH after falling “sharply”.
[deleted]
I closed mine after that little dip. Didn’t want to hold with earnings next week.
When NIO is $100
Roblox
Can we get some NIO feb 2021 $100 calls please
I know way too many of you probably bought puts at 3518 today. If you did you need to work on your market reads
It's always better to lose money with real conviction
I’m in the industry AND hold a position, most of my shares are in the $9.50 - $9.80 range...I’m also short 50 put contracts that expire tomorrow...with those three things out of the way, I can’t imagine being discouraged by the earnings report. This is a great company that will provide solid growth and returns to shareholders over the next few years. Short it at your own risk.
Wonder if I should split my NIO holdings into the other EV stocks blowing up in China....
[deleted]
QQQ 305+ next week
Very much so
BABA 420C bought 5k worth. Now it’s worth like 1100.
Li auto is up 17% in AH. Which means Nio is gonna print at open. Booooooom
Probably some new work from holyday resort stonk
Guh
Sick
Blackberry
Bro if you can’t make money with your Own hard earned money than you don’t deserve a loan to try
And dont call me retarded, my mom told me that I am special and that the most of ppl will not understand my talent! Ty
Oof. I bought 11/20 $44p today, but only two contracts and made over $2k on $43c bought yesterday so whatever lol. Have absolutely no confidence in them, I'm certain they'll get crushed tomorrow
Mitch McConnells wife is also Chinese and look what that’s done for Merica.
And here I thought my +$250 on shares was nice.
Nio-Nazis everywhere
Buys options, doesn’t sell at good profit, stock takes a hit and sell for a loss, following day stock surges like crazy. Rinse and repeat for me
Yeah it’s this up and coming behemoth, ticker is...lemme check.. oh yeah NIO
NIO.... only Diamond Hands need apply... 

NIO $250 EOM.
Just practice [this](http://imgur.com/a/L1mmQuT)
I feel FSLY vibes on NIO, gonna shoot up real high then down.  So take a profit and wait for a dip.
Spy 01/21 350p... a 10k hedge
Same I bought in at fucking $15 holy shit the literal top
At least you have the balls to go against 77% of the sub
Crwd been recovering real well
Even if they had shit earning, you think China will release those numbers? Earning are whatever they decide they are.
Too bad half of zero is zero 🤣
Downvote for humble brag. Non-self conscious retards only!!!
[deleted]
If you sell 100 cars you can have a 65B market cap
[removed]
I don't understand what IV crush actually means but I've learned that earnings don't mean what I thought they did.
Employees will gladly dump their shares to you... most want sell to invest outside because their RSUs have not appreciated much compared to their friends in much better companies.
How else do you hold three tacos at once? Definitely bullish on this.
I’m all for riding out the Chinese fraudsters but don’t get caught in the undertow
[deleted]
If we go to 430 I'm gonna be rich
Trade talks, where we at ?!
Li gonna open at $45 🤑🤑
Once it breaks ATH again the fomo will kick in
I'm not theta but don't you get credit as soon as they sell? It's all about when the gain/loss is realized.


For example I'm bagholding quite a few shares of evfm. If I wrote a covered call and someone bought it wouldn't that premium be credited upon the sale? That's what I assumed but Ive never written a call.
[deleted]
US cases just exceeded 150k seconds ago. Money, if not at the other side of pacific, where at?
I'm expecting the sell off on Monday, thats when I'm hoping to exit my few leaps and get back in after earnings drops the price and IV a bit
Bear are fuk.
I thought WSB gal just wandered around the ring in a bikini holding signs between rounds?
Looks like my NIO puts will not be printing unless there’s profit taking tomorrow
It’s flu season
Be awesome if DIS opened at $150 to really teach Fun Terrorists a lesson.
Fax
all in
Fuck this. Nobody told me NIO had in inverse correlation with my portfolio, I would have bought calls if I knew they were a hedge against bad things.

Oh and fuck china.
[removed]
Thank you! Yup, just compounding the gains. Don’t need the money yet. Fingers crossed. It would be nice to have the means to help out some family and friends financially.
:)
I dig this. I was thinking Dec calls. It's a little hot hyped right now, and was waiting for it to simmer down or at least set a new baseline. Any peep  from them will send them parabolic.
Goddamn it man I was playing around with NIO when it was $4, if I just went long on it and did absolutely nothing else I'd have been rich.
China is also the biggest EV and vehicle market in the world. Tbh I don't care if NIO sells a single car outside of China if they can be competitive within China. Also many European countries don't have as strained a relationship with China as the US, so I feel like expanding into EU/other Asian countries will be much easier than the US.

And fundamentally if you make a good enough product no one will care.
I have a 5 bedroom 2 bath in rural Wisconsin. Paid 176k. I USED to drive an hour to Milwaukee and back but now I work from home. It’s actually not that bad.
In the market for a new phone. Anyone got any recommendations? Kinda sick of iPhones bc I break them all the time and eventually they just get shitty
I’m not looking at any Dix prints.
Spy needs to take a long runny beer stinking shit.  I’ll sit under the rim of the bowl with my mouth open just to make a lousy dollar on spy puts.  Stay well friends
You're taxed based on realized profit, so when you close the position or when it expires worthless.
Just put down the deposit on my wedding venue without realizing it’s on a Friday the 13th (not tomorrow). Looks like my nuptials are cursed before they can begin
Yo someone hmu on the next NIO.
Bruh....why
Yes
Congrats and fuck you
I sold my calls on the dump, but then bought back in EOD.  Why am I like this?
[deleted]
So just buy 380's and hope for 450!
Calling it now:

LI sells 4 and a half cars, goes up 20%.

Yes I have NIO puts
It's nice being hedged so you win either way. Harder part is finding good puts. Calls are easier I feel. Ex. NIO calls.   
Give your puts ladies.
I thought I was the only one saying this. I’ve called Nio my baby daddy at least 3 times today
if i had more money i’d put in more, but i’m fine just dropping 300 seeing if it blows up or not
More like tonight
Oof. Theta gang loves retards like you lol
Nah 50 at open brotha
Norwegian cruise lines or something stupid
Are those even listed? Lol
I’d do NIO in the uptrend, 100 contracts was making like 3-5k in minutes in the run up.  The only problem was if it drops, you’re losing your ass.

It’s funny cause now that I have enough to day trade I’m too scared to make riskier plays.  No idea why.
because it has zero fundamentals and is entirely manipulated by whales and china
Now thats how you eat ass
In the same boat friend
six 30 25 put credit spreads

opened for 1260, looking forward to closing them tomorrow for a tidy and safe profit.
They haven’t ever been profitable. Ever.

That being said, TSLA also wasn’t profitable when they started

PLTR 2000 confirmed?
Is there a hotline for virgin support?
Can bill Ackman just announce he’s buying a Chinese EV?
Wow! That is great that you can save it to a wishlist. Because $25 on a non-stock purchase is a lot to ask for most members here to commit to.
Just remember, when you come out, your father loves you very much…maybe....we hope.
It depends on how you look at it - from the press release:

>We incurred a loss from operations of $847.8 million, which includes $847.0 million in stock-based compensation following our recent direct listing.  
>  
>Our income from operations was $73.1 million when adjusting for $847.0 million in stock-based compensation, $20.2 million in related employer payroll taxes, and $53.7 million in expenses related to the listing.
ya they gave great guidance on future prospects

software scales up profits ez
A few SPX 11/30 and 12/30 3300 puts... not a hedge =(
li auto is focusing on plug in hybrids I swear they're just riding the short term EV hype. NIO and XPEV is where it's at
This ain’t bloody enough what gives
[removed]
The puts I bought on nio midday actually went up 50%. Fucking IV was crazy today. Wish I wasn't retarded and just bought calls though. Got lucky.
NIO $50 EOD tomorrow
Not for /NQ and /ES. But a dip is just another delicious buying opportunity. I think we rally tomorrow
unironically peter thiel is one of the people i look up to, so i will buy shit from peter thiel
thinkin about buying etsy
Oh, well in that case, yeah, shares are the play. You may have missed out on a big run up, but I have no doubt at all that it still has a ton left to climb.
Debit spreads on earnings... Won on ddog and so far DIS.
yea just got excited fuck 😖
Writing in ++ like a boss!!
Some of you guys are alright, don’t buy puts tomorrow
CROX AH never holds but it's nice to look at
NIO puts were a bad choice.....
fuck, congrats
Damn I bought nio puts at close am I fuk boys?
If I sell January options, and they expire worthless in 2021, do you pay income taxes on it for 2020? Or do you pay taxes on it for 2021?

Might be the wrong sub, since no-one here ever pays income tax.
https://wendys-careers.com/?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=CPC&utm_campaign=C347590-Wendy%27s%202020-Hard%20To%20Fill%20Markets-Food%20Service&utm_content=Ad%203%3A%20Flexibility%20Family%20Safety&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI7t6Q3pP-7AIVmz2tBh0r8w9bEAAYASAAEgLtTvD_BwE
I'll see you in the mcdonalds ball-pit in 5
?
My exact position rn, it was only the next day after I bought in that analyst said the stock was undervalued. I should probably buy 100 shares or so but shares are just so fucking BORING.
This sub really needs to ban the genuine gambling addicts here who do awful shit like this. Really dude? REALLY? blowing 5 accounts and somehow got approved for an unsecured personal loan? The interest has gotta be sky high, even with the Fed interest rate this low.

You must be awful with numbers because you see something (yourself) fail 5 fucking times in a row and manage to think "yeah, its gonna do well *this time*" as if something materially changed. You think you'd invest in a company that fails its earnings massively 5 times? Then don't invest that money in yourself either, return and repay that loan and get some help dude.
PLTR
Nerd is a term of endearment
Kids next door wasn’t even that good a show
I’m throwing my entire dick in ZM FSLY CRWD PTON we are locking tr down folks
MODS!!
[removed]
I personally loaded up on NIO puts bc I think LI will have shit earnings and all the Chinese EVs will plummet

Good luck to the NIO bulls tomorrow tho, it's looking really good for y'all rn
NIO safer
I took a few weeks off from this sub and it’s become an absolute mao fan club.  Get fucked communists.
Salmon Brothers
[deleted]
Paywall
Any reason ADSK shot up 5% ah?
any specific ones?  ive seen a small 1-2% drop to recovery but never 8%
Last 3 tickers are questionable
I thought whole point of direct listing was to avoid the fees
Alipapa
You are a donkey who can't read
Yeah, I traded shitcoins back then. It was all FOMO back then. Wonder if the FOMO is just back now or if these gains are here to stay.
I bought 600 shares at 10, sold at the absolute peak today, might buy again tommorow or next week.
I have revised my ways and saw the revenue amount they had and realized they have huge potential. Also, if NIO is up 14% on XPENG not beating Estimates by double and only revenue matters then I’m sure NIO gonna pop off in a week and run up until then. I’m in on a call now since I can only afford one. GIMME TENDIES!!!
Less about the matrix, more that the movie had half the budget it needed to be good. 
That last sword fight scene drives this home lol.
NIO 60c 11/20 are free money, 10 bagger by earning
WSB follows institutions, not the other way around
Sir, this is the unemployment line.
Watch, they'll drop if I buy calls tomorrow.

Edit: [What'd I tell you](https://i.imgur.com/UqKudYx.jpg)
Buying puts today, friday is bearpocalypse day
Everyone in here is sleeping on KNDI...
Yup. Their human rights record is super shitty, but they also lifted a billion people out of poverty in the last few decades. The world isn't black and white like r/politics likes to believe.

Also yeah, if you wanna make money you can't really let ethics influence your investments. Every company that's making money is fucking someone over directly or indirectly.
Is there something wrong with you? Are you implying that people shouldn’t comment on threads to people other than OP because it doesn’t help OP? Why are you getting so angry? Bad day?
This is great n all but I’m hopping off the train next Wednesday.

I cashed in nio 40c$ at the small dump this morning and bought in fully.

Li auto 35$c 11/20
Nio 46.5$c 11/20

So you lost a lot of money today? Buy high, and sell low? Feeling like your world is crashing in? It’s not. You’ll be ok. You’re risk tolerance is wild enough for you to be here. You will get through this. Take a break and come back fresh. Don’t chase your losses. Talk to some comrades here about how dumb your plays were. If you still feel like you can’t handle life; check out the resources below. There’s no shame in reaching out. My inbox is always open as well, though response time may vary. Worst case, there’s always bankruptcy, and even that isn’t the end of the world. 

Hang in there.

24/7 Crisis Hotline: 1-800-273-TALK (8255) (Veterans, press 1)

Crisis Text Line: Text TALK to 741-741

Veterans Crisis Line: Send a text to 838255

SAMHSA Treatment Referral Hotline (Substance Abuse) 1-800-662-HELP (4357)

The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700)

The National Problem Gambling Text Helpline 800-522-4700

**Wendy’s Customer Service Line: 888- 624-8140**
[deleted]
i've decided to pivot in my career and become a chinese auto maker
I don’t think being short makes peoples bodies look any better. I’m much more attracted to 6’ tall thin women
Mr. Anderson Motors
When did you buy those
Saw some dude bragging about his 11/20 $40 put when it dropped to 47 lol
Tell that to my socks!!
Na but it is funny
My mommy bought me a cool gamer chair like the twink streamers use
What is this mission impossible x star wars
[deleted]
I mean if it happens in the morn, could dip hard within first hour
[deleted]
Stay poor bitch
What makes you think that now?
Gape for the hulk cocks
That NIO AH is getting me hard
SPY is finally red AH. Nasdaq still up 0.25%. 🤡🤡
I'm surprised about it needing to be so cold too being mrna. I think they rushed it and MRNA will have similar efficacy with normal temps.
[deleted]
That would be creepy
Little people lol
not when you're spending it
+16 percent aftermarket
Nio gained significantly less than li and xpev over this pump. Soooo. I’m long nio still.
Are you a Chinese Trevor Milton?
Divorce talks going well
[removed]
Def not regretting buying the Nio dip rn
Holiday szn tho
I know the feeling 18c here and 12.5 puts.  Gonna be flat and open at 14.69
What should I day trade with $10 k tomorrow between LI and NIO ?
I dumped expecting to reload at 13.

That was a bad play. FOMOd and reloaded to the exact same position I exited at and burnt a good chunk of my profit doing so.
$13 tattoos?
Someone needs to start an EV company named Morphius
I don’t think I can buy options in the U.K. 👎🏼🤌🏻
Has nothing to do with earnings
Take some creatine
I actually like FSR. Take a look at the Force-E Ocean! Love it. I’ll buy one for sure when they come out. And it’s American. Bonus. Do some digging into the stock. You might like it
NIO pushing $50+ AH now... LOL
I know Kung Fu
Call your broker
You should've seen it in '17
Imagine not mooning on a quarterly loss

#MOUSE
Yeah huge drop
im thinking tsla bagholders mad af
Are they going to leave us holding their bags in the end?😂😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Tech will always prevail
Goals.
Not a bad idea.
[removed]
I think you got NIO mixed up. When life gives you Melon make lemon juice.
They already mooned.
50 percent increase in 2week moving average. If my brokerage account matched the coronavirus graph, my wife might have left her boyfriend.... If cases skyrocketed, this man says.
[I was once on a similar boat](https://i.imgur.com/BreiQJu.jpg)
honestly the moment I saw what their cars looked liked I decided I would never buy a single share or call
Tomorrow is Friday the 13th.  You know what that means
You are the one
$50 in about in hour. Who knows what tomorrow will do
patients dear Padawan 

It’ll print next week once the slow institutional money has time to review the report.
Bro, actors are minuscule as well. It’s known.
I too am on the XPENG train. I don't know why, but it worked.
Lol right. Decide to yolo lotto just once, and then China gets fucked by trump and China gets fucked by China.
[deleted]
I bought the dip on SVXY but it kept dipping
Farfetch'd used earnings report.

. .

.

 It was super effective!
I will keep buying CRSR dips until I can’t afford my phone plan god dammit
Rolled my ankle a few weeks ago. Just got back to punching the heavy bag. Threw up. Whatever it takes.
[deleted]
When 500k people DIE a day, that's when.
NIO is the Big Daddy of the 3 Chinese EVs.
3.5
Someone talk me out of 12/18 $5.50c at open tomorrow...
the amount of leverage this chat has is sp00ky
It'll go up after LI earnings
Nio about to make me bust in its mouth fr
It’s cause they saw you touch yourself at night
Because the Chinese government decided that they’re no longer the crown jewel.
NIO NIO NIO
This guy in here using boomer logic??? BAN
I don’t expect him to flip four states, just two, and I already said his chances decrease once an action is finalized, such as losing a lawsuit, but it isn’t an exponentially decreasing curve regardless of any thy legal activity. You still haven’t shown where this e comes from in this math you did and know so well.
Bruh it jumped the most today don’t be mad you missed out
I am a ML software engineer at Google. I am well versed in data analytics.
😳
Holiday weeks are kinda known to suck
On the Mississippi coast you can find good houses for under 100k
Very worth taking medium sized positions and chasing meme momentum.

WSB been pumping NIO since $14
Bought puts at close. I'm good.
beetkoin used to just follow the market and then it followed gold and now it's just doing its own thing. How is it up when metals have been falling?
Stonks only go up retard.
Mad bicep gains from holding these heavy ass bags 💪
Sector rotation into Li while the mob boss NIO gets a cut
A yugeeee
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Troflecopter don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
In case things reversed I placed stop orders on my NIO Calls...

Just for this shit to fall precisely to my stop limit, sell, and then continue upward in the final 9 mins of the day...

🤦🏾‍♂️
NIO
imagine not being a based 5' 3" gigachad
Now look at us
what’s a turd?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** My first trade ever. How'd I do?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt59jt
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt59jt) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/chaosorderbalance, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
amansingh909
YoloTraderXXX
Hey don't judge my organic sock start-up 😳
Gyna
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Yeah, I want to, but I can’t afford it.
Airbnb post C19 is going to be wild.
bc he bought calls for tomorrow not the 20th...
Futures really dropping, after having a red day.
You mean "peek"? Cuz it sure ain't peaking either lol
Entirely dependent on Li’s earnings. They produce good earnings, they might take NIO for another jog like XPEV
bullish
Is there something wrong with you?
No not really
idk isn't America way too big and not densely populated enough for their battery swap shit to feasibly work? 

regardless NIO still going to 100 within a few years regardless of America. Eurasia gonna eat these cars up
So leaps end of day tomorrow is what your sayin
The absolute state of you
Did your 1 win pay for the other 7 losses?
RIP NIO puts. Shit is on pace to gap up to $55 tomorrow lol
NIO to $50 AH??? Could it be??
UVXY is actually 1.5x but if there was a 3x then I would have bought that instead
Did you read why? It’s a one time loss due to stock compensation during IPO. Had nothing to do with poor business. Quite the opposite. I swear no one on here ever reads anything in earnings reports.
Tesla boomer stock confirmed.
its was just a one-time direct listing fee
That wasn’t very smooth brain of you
Look at you
Can’t believe there’re still people not on the NIO train. Do you not love money???
Priced in? I don't know how many more phones, iPads and desks people need anymore?
.15 cents to open and close so .30 cents a round trip.
Ok nerd
[deleted]
PRC let Elon into China so that he would cause enormous press and sex appeal via TSLA to make the populace have an aspirational  EV. Then they whacked him with setbacks and are pumping their domestic versions. Clever move really.
People often insult this sub but a lot of money can be made being a sheep to it:

NIO, XPEV, LI, AMD, PTON, ZM, and a lot more.
that's some insider shii going on with DraftKings right before earnings.
Yeah iv is as insane loll their weeklies had like 400% lol I had to sell them some of that shit lol
I’d keep buying tech if cases skyrocketed
.
What movie is this?
My fellow millennials hear me roar. 

You know its a top when the boomers start bragging about their gains. 

We need to cover our tracks better lol

Seriously though, congrats.
Tomorrow.
Ok $XPEV stop going limp dick go up with your EV homies
Probably
Who's Trump?
I bought 4 35c 11/20 this morning when it was at $28.
$53
Curious if the tests can differentiate covid to the common cold
I feel for you! I’m not posting this to rub it in peoples faces. Just gotta let those winner run. That’s the meat of the profits every time!
What r u talking about.  They invented gravity power.
I need help. Scratches neck*
I most certainly was given the two hand gawk gawk journey to the center of the throat experience myself
They all seem to run together. If one takes off, the others aren’t far behind.
[deleted]
An app that lets you rent people’s houses I’d wager
NIO Street bets is better
[deleted]
All your clothes made in China or other SEA companies lol
Chinikola?
Yes, we’ll see. Personally, I wouldn’t be surprised if we end the year at $350 on SPY or lower. DIX printed pretty high today, though, so we’ll see
Looking at the OI; I believe these moves are by the Chinese insiders themselves. They know this thing is crashing tomorrow. 

Wish I had seen this earlier; would be all in puts
Is the dump guaranteed tho? Why not buy puts on everything after earnings?
I don't know if it will gap up...but it's a pretty safe pick for a stock in my opinion and not overvalued at all. It's easy to buy into as well...I think it's a stable stock if anything.
Yes
I want a nice red day tomorrow to pick up some calls for the almost guaranteed magical gap up for no reason over the weekend.
Any chance of Nio not hitting 50 tomorrow. Or AH even?
I was itm 😤
Facts.
Puts
LOL
Yeah NIO's pattern has been moonshot followed by a tiny pullback/consolidation then moonshot again. Previously the consolidation period was weeks, now it's like, a day or two at most. Sometimes a couple hours lmao
Lol

You’re probably fucked
What’s up with li jumping before earnings?
Lockdowns Part 2.  Why are AMZN and SHOP not mooning?
My wife just got some money and was wondering about investing. I suggest she buy BABA shares saying they could see 300 in a month or so. Her response: “So there’s no way it’s going to double in a week?!?”
Anyone wanna give me Reddit gold?
https://twitter.com/9to5mac/status/1326998327532138504?s=19

Update: Apple confirms macOS Big Sur download issue, iMessage also down.
2020, the year USA became as credible as China. There I fixed for you. Buyden hopefully will undo that.
Yes and Yes.
Hopefully when the market panic sells they panic buy all the tech stocks back.
[deleted]
+10% pre market. Dump to -5% on open. Close at +5%. That’s how after hours seems to be going anyway...
So funny that Millenials start companies that are created by introducing a new cooking pan...

Because the big companies, over the last 100 years, would never think of improvements with new materials! 

No, it took you and your tattooed beard-friends to discover non-stick pans. 


GTFO
We’re about to start a multi-week long melt up. And I’m saying this as a bear. We bounced off an important trend line today and DXY couldn’t break through 93. Also look at today’s DIX print. 44.9%. Highest we’ve been since October 2nd. We’ll melt up for 2-6 weeks, until we get a violent snap down. SPY price targets for the peak are 380-430. Pretty wide as of now, will have to see how we move to narrow that target.
My silver calls can’t wait for it
The last few months have been easy with all the earnings sandwiched outside of these Apple events. Just ride the hopium and short date them around the events. Last week I sold a 120c for 240 expiring tommorrow, I really don't see myself buying this back tomorrow for more than a dollar. Possibly much less. Also depends on your cost basis. I'm in at around 114.
NVM, you're right, I didn't notice that
NIO 55 tomorrow is gonna be crazy. Good luck to those who bought the fake afternoon dump today. And everyone else who diamond handed. I hope you’re blessed with next level ATH.
i dont know are you going to use the profit and just lose it on options?
Probably Just a bunch of idiots thanking each other for the gold they received
It's 1/4 * 3
No nio so WSB wont care.

Keep pumping lads. You're safe for now
Who says the art of the deal doesn't work?
Beware the ides of march WSB credit crunch isn’t too far away...
Just razzin Brochowski.

Updoot for setting the record straight.
It's a totally solid idea. Personally I'd recomend LEAPS, but shares are technically safer.
He just did an update 2 hours ago
Insider trading tips and mocking poor people
Just buy nio calls and keep ps5
yeah, .02 average hoping to run at least 100%
Note to self: Stop playing earnings you jabroni
1 DTE hedges? 

You think they just reload them daily expecting that when this does correct it goes down hard and fast?
if anything our great president helped us by granting us a buying opportunity. man of the people.
I'm in!
Whoa man... don’t go buying a lambo with those gains or anything

Well I was being a douche, and realized I can’t read well, thought you meant dumping your shares lol
Deal.
corn or lean hogs?
My 12/18 $33C is enjoying this run.
Dkng gonna rocket
Already up 364% AH pre IPO
Hospitals? Everyone visits one atleast twice in their lives.
Vix lying
[deleted]
Looking at post-market, then "friendship ended with XPEV, LI is new best friend."

Is LI next in line with their earnins now? Followed by NIO?
PUTS ON NIO XPENG AND LI AUTO !!
haha I would have never guessed. The real players are on here kicking ass and taking names.
You could've bought LI calls at any time today and made money
I feel you. I had a bunch of january 4 dollar calls earlier this year and sold them all at a loss because i gave up hope on them ever doing anything.
No, printing money is not deflationary :)

Real growth is deflationary, as more resources must be created than consumed. 

Fed gunna have to bailout everyone pretty soon here, they pretty much already are.
You never really stood a chancr did you
I don’t think mrna is going to come out with any news until it’s substantial because pfizer blew their load early and their stock drilled after Monday
Congrats do you actually like FSR or are pretty much all EVs going on a ride up at this point?
Should have just bought a whole bunch of shares, breh. Less volatile but it's 3x leveraged so it can still shoot up with some chaos.
I think my ass cheeks are willing to accept an AH👀
Petition to rename this sub chineseEVbets
PLTR posted a 900 million loss?
[deleted]
[deleted]
10 shares to you sir.
The best thing about having contracts a few months out on pltr is you know in the next two weeks there's going to be a few price upgrades
Rip to all the bulls 😂
Snap showed me once. Lol
Did you see what happened with XPEV today?!
Will Biden give a speech about lockdowns? 
Need my UPS calls to print.
Actual great picks tbh

Edit: maybe not Li after this run up, idk
[removed]
If NIO moves similar to XPEV and LI on ER, it's gonna go to 60 minimum!
LI FINNA OPEN AT 48 tom lmao
I’m sure most governments would be happy to subsidize it considering that the normally high cost of special freezer distribution is a relative drop in the bucket compared to what this lingering pandemic is costing governments. 

I’m also confused as to why an mRNA vaccine requires such cold storage. I recall reading about one of the benefits of mRNA vaccines is that they *don’t* require the refrigeration that typical vaccines that carry an actual virus (attenuated or inactivated) do. I’ll have to read up on that unless someone who sees this knows.
30 seconds....  oh wait, you meant the stock...
Is there anything worse than selling a call and getting cucked on your own shares?  Someone out there is fucking my PLUG position sideways.
High risk, high return.  TSLA has a tendency to hover around 420 for some magical reason. It’s almost as if that price has a gravitational pull that is hard to escape.  Just my uneducated observation though
Proof or ban
I think everyone is pricing in on the basis of what happened this morning, however, Li has had to recall over 3k cars (i think) in this Q.. this makes me think they will miss and the stonk with go low. 

With that in mind, I wish best of luck to all of you bulls out there
Lol who reports on a Friday morning anyways?
See You Next Tuesday
Ugh going to have to make some expensive home repairs that the inspection should've caught
# UVXY....
Still in disbelief NIO was $50 bound and🥭had to open his mouth. 😴 won’t pull nonsense like that because he will be napping in his basement
u sonofabitch I'm in
BABA 420 strike. Can’t average down
If you are for real.. stop everything your doing and go fuck your self. Its more enjoyable ! 😆
Debra’s desk?
A dollar? How about .25 cents?
Not yet.
Mattress company, an actual online sports casino, Mortgage app, and Chinese EVs.... what’s next?
Imagine being a PS5 soyboy cuck simp

r/pcmasterrace

AMD NVIDIA CRSR 😎😎😎
NIO gonna be Tesla 2: electric boogaloo
New coronavirus case record just destroyed old one. Almost 150k cases now. Should be there in next two hours. What a shit show. Tomorrow should break another record with Kansas reporting. They report every other day which is retarded.
whats in r/lounge?
Tomorrow morning.
The shorter days and fall-back time change are definitely having an effect.

That, and the million dollar trading opportunity I missed after the election.
[removed]
Agreed. I have closed out 4 or 5 trades on this already though. Not as big. But I’ve been trading Nio since the ipo. One of the few that I’ve never donated to.
Na, the play was piling into shares at 13.5 and hour ago
WSB think the market crashing so I bought calls
Also remember that the buyback can be of both class A and class D shares, of which the former has 105 million but the latter is 1.9 billion.
That's it? $600? I'd fucking do that
Good morning Beijing pump those evs
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/betmylyfeaway the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
that old game is probably more valuable than this company
45 by open
I forgot research, dollar amounts, and dates aren't fully understood here.
Up 1000% eod
46, 47, 48, and 49 puts against NIO isn't bad, thats people hedging against their current positions so they still gain money when NIO dips below those stop points

Edit: or just a ton of salty bears that missed out on the NIO run up and want to make money on the possible pull back and hope to exclaim "see???" with their +50% on their unsold puts they just screenshotted on robinhood after missing out on 200% gains in a week
[removed]
Ben bernanke.
give me your source
[removed]
[deleted]
Revenue growth 50% for Q3
You think it would still go up during the day?
you got it for really cheap at least? I hope
Big-$LI tremendous
Solid DD calls on NIO XPEV
ban
Too emotional yeah, it’ll go away in time though
That’s what I thought. Are option contracts free or is there commission? Looking to switch over to a safer broker than RH
You missed the peak and should join the gay bears instead...
Calls. More deaths = more profit
😂😂😂
[deleted]
If you took profits in LI before the bell, do yourself a favor and close your trading app. You will throw up if you look at AH trading. LOL.

NIO $250 EOM.
[deleted]
Sold all my gambling cAlls yesterday and half my stock holding this morning  . Holding plenty of 2022 /2023 leaps tho .
They’re hedging the stock they bought
15 minutes into futures: “oH wOw iM cOnFiDeNt aBoUt mY tRaDeS 🥴”
Think people with money just realized ‘oh wait that’s tomorrow?!?!?!!’.

DKNG: The Forgotten
NIU is a Chinese electric scooter company, maybe he meant that?
PLTR did the same thing day before earnings then dipped hard on earnings day
[removed]
Can we just take a moment to appreciate single moms and their juicy butts
LI earnings tomorrow morning and it’s up 17% rn? Don’t even know what to think
FINALLY a thread where I can speak with other intellectuals. I’ve been bag-holding Palantir and screaming at you retards to buy when it was sub $10.

This puppy is going all the way to $100 and we’re riding it the whole way. Get fucking rekt if you have even an ounce of suspicion.
If spy hits 348 tomorrow, drinks on me
gyna EV's will save us 🙏
nice, should print
Lol serious risk tolerance, good luck
I don't see the point of recovering the 8% remaining. Might as well hold onto it and see if it comes back up to even -70% and dump it then.

If your portfolio is going to be make or break on selling at -92% or letting expiry happen, then I've got bad news for you.
[deleted]
Just buy LI tomorrow and wait for it to reach NIO prices. XPEV did the same thing
on the real though I need $ipoc to start pumping

chamath needs to tweet out a dick pic or joe biden needs to do a press release on how he's expanding medicare advantage and the only provider is clover
Cause everyone here is in Chinese EVs
China will probably steal their factory and give them the boot after the CCP finishes off JAck MA
You son of a bitch
Join a nunnery.
did they report?
Well you’ve spent about an hour trying to justify how he could win when everyone knows not one single state has ever flipped with these margins and you want him to flip like four after the whole world has already accepted it’s over and he’s blatantly trying to steal the thing after the fact. These foreign leaders won’t let him just steal the election without getting involved at this point.

He had a great chance when like six states were outstanding and he led in all of them

Then he started falling behind in some of them

Then he fell behind in all of them (GA, PA, WI, MI, AZ, NV)

Then he fell further behind in all of them

Then he lost most of his court cases in all of them

Then the media recognized he lost

Then the leaders around the world recognized he lost.

Then many Republicans recognized he lost including biggies like George Bush and Karl Rove

Then he lost more court cases

Now you want to tell me his odds haven’t been getting exponentially worse...

He has nothing left. They literally had him like a 98% chance to win Wisconsin and now he’s filing last ditch lawsuits for fun with his supporters money and isn’t even willing to pay the $3 million to get a recount in Wisconsin 😂 Do you need a clearer sign that even he isn’t trying to win anymore? He won’t even pay for the recount in those states he was supposed to win after half the votes were counted. You think his odds are staying the same through all this? Some of the betting websites already paid out money to the people who bet on Biden...
I WANT TO SEE 360 TOMORROW
Yo big red gang where ya at
may the odds be ever on our favor
Not if it was, 5-10% of a portfolio.
Palanqueer gang looking good so far. No doubt we’ll get some pt increase after this er.
super fucking radical, I think you can double that money in 6 months if you leave it alone but you depends on your financial situation. This stock like reach $60 by the end of the year and from then on it's gonna creep up. Congrats on the sick move, it only takes one brainiac buy!
If DOW gaps below 29k its over.
Because we only fuck with Chinese ev stocks now.
[removed]
LInsane
Years*
Moves tomorrow: Wake up at 5am. Read some international news. Wait for futures. Find another entry point for HD earnings (sold off NOV20 calls today at peak for profit and bought back in at bottom), average down when dips to take a greater reposition. Do same with TGT. Watch SPY for any nonsense for small 0DTE scalps or a EOD strangle. Stay the heck away from meme stocks. I think in general tomorrow is going to be more bad news with some isolated upticks of optimism. MRNA is about to say something ... and I may make a small way OTM play there.
Nah u are just retarded
Got burned by ETSY big time before their ER. Never touching that ticker again.
Surprised to see ZM not Zoomin' tonight w/ imminent covid measures in place. Could see an imminent gap fill at around $456. Check the daily chart.
I want the monday nasdaq futures back... you know, before Pfizer decided to say words
Yah, mine are expiring next Friday, getting pretty anxious...
[removed]
I’m gay for circuit breakers who’s dick I gotta suck?
long $jnco
Cause everyone has NIO
Because we have 15 hours till open
100 percent
‼️just transferred all my dough into vixx gold sqqq beetchezz‼️
The theta burn on those are crazy. I was eyeing this exact same call in the afternoon to try to scalp and it went from $6 to like $3.50 in half an hour at the end of the day while the price stayed flat.
I like your MOM also.
Lol chill bruh it’s an exaggeration
Airbnb, and/or doordash
Those enemies are very bad at shooting
Are my 12/18 280s a patient enough expiration? We shall see
[removed]
Don’t worry lockdown and restrictions will make it better
Hello, I have a business idea to make electric vehicles in China. I will IPO tomorrow for $1 per share. Please invest.
Too much addy
When thursdays are red fridays usually are too.
TSLA is 390b
That’s what I said man
COVID pump = lockdown = ZM pump
This happens every 2 weeks or so. It’s called the Triple W recovery.
Li 40 by open? or 15?
Ya I realized that I was making good decisions and doing good dd but I was paper handing my positions because I’d get nervous
Can’t wait to buy leaps tomorrow after the panic sell
I’ve got 100 UVXY 11/20 $13c I bought yesterday into today so I would appreciate some chaos here
So buy NIO puts for 11/20 and then sell when it prints and buy LEAP calls on NIO again after IV drops after earnings
Go long in NIO, take profit off your calls.
elon got cucked
What else do people think would happen?
Found the Wachowski sister...
my dudes how's the hellscape treating ya?
when did u purchase
[deleted]
Tale as old as time 😌
Me too dude I'm bag holding leaps down 25%. They will recover though and when it does the rally is going to be jaw dropping
I should be there with you. Bought 3k under $3 in Dec but sold in Feb. Then I kept waiting for a pullback until I realized I was an idiot and got back in last week.
I almost sold puts today too. 😂
[deleted]
You’ll get more dip in the next few weeks.
Just shorts closing?

Anyways, this Pfizer pump is over and we definitely just continue down. Don't know if the path will be direct or quick enough to make puts worth it though.

Especially when you have to worry about the Moderna or AZN pumps that may come at any time
It started moving the most when they were talking about the increasing margins.  I think a lot of investors are worried that the margins are so small for government contracts.  Also they liked that big customers only made up 61% of total revenue vs 68% meaning they are getting more customers and not just big government contracts.

Honestly, Investors really just want to know more about the company, but Palantir won’t give them shit.  It was one of the more scripted calls I’ve ever listened to and some of the big executives didn’t even show up.  They say they have this “top secret software that no one else can compete with” I don’t know.  I am long expect it to settle at $13.50, but it WSB might meme it up again, but if they do I’m taking more profits.  It would be like memeing up a bond... it’s gonna be ok to own long term, but dont expect 5x returns in a year...

Edit: WSB if you do meme it up do it tomorrow and fast thanks ;)
i would think so
She succed off so many portfolio’s today she deserves a lil break
Same
CODX earnings run up the play or nah?
[deleted]
Knowing that, I’ll be that one analyst with a $5984 valuation
[deleted]
There was some very tasty dip today tho
I’m here with you.  Biggest position I’ve ever taken into an ER.  Scared shirtless but hopeful
Check out SOLO and AYRO. Electric car penny stocks.
Well if they're clever that mortgage went to calls not a house
[deleted]
I've heard from a friend who knew someone who did it. They got 3 strikes.
It's true everything comes back in style. Feels like the late 90s with all this autostock talk.
Made iPhone 12 Pro Max 512 gb money today. Sweg
https://reut.rs/2Izs7Gx

Anyone feel Facebook would be better served with new leadership? Everytime they take a step forward old vampire does something stupid.
Did DKNG leak numbers? Up 3% lol
Need life alert
LI UP 15%+ in AH trading. That is all....
Why are people not panicking... futures getting redder by the second
Have you ever seen retard strength?
Ok, but tell me, do you think that video is real?
Yeah would love it to take off like tomorrow or next week but I’m going to be patient
My moves tomorrow? I'm gonna watch as my FD lottos get theta cucked
Does this work?
clean your screen from all that jizz
[deleted]
Lmfao soy boy mad cause his puts imploded
IVY LEAGUE closed winter sports.  Damn my people lame
Don’t have to pay that for 6 months
A 50k reinvestment and SPY Puts
[deleted]
This 🥺
Personally I plan to buy more, from what I understand I believe they’ll be successful long term and is a great opportunity to get in at this level
[deleted]
Don’t list to these fools yolo the whole $6500 on some 0dte spy calls at 3:48 and walk away from your computer.
☝️ this. My first options play I yolo’d in to alibaba’s first ever earnings. It was a 20k bet. I absolutely smashed it. Over the next few months I lost the profit, the original 20k and went on to lose at least 10k more before I stopped being a yolo only market special god send meant to bless Wall Street with my wonderful talents. Been doing ok since then. But it is a fast track to thinking you know what you’re doing out of the gate.
Amd? Lol
They posted a 900 mil loss
Was he fishing too?
Not than a model S plaid.  


I think the comment has more to do with brand perception than actual price, western things are seen as better/more valuable.
Yeah 447.5 lol
I double downed on NIO for opener. Because I'm an idiot. AM announcements are so much better than evening announcements.
PLTR gang gonna make it?
Not only are they ugly af, but they look like they would be crushed like a tin can in an accident.
[deleted]
LI FDs at bell might just pay off....either that or IV crush the fuck out my butthole
We all know she is fat bro😂 u don’t have to mention that 😂😂
Positions?
Chick at work is like “Did you buy any Li????” No I like losing money now go away!
Just tried to get in on the 6pm PS5 Walmart restock and was unsuccessful.... should I put that money towards Walmart calls instead?
*Narrator:*

Zero fucking pennies
Is NIO success bad for TSLA?
Patience. It’s been like 3 days since the CCP news tank.
Should have held my puts...
Cramer needs some sleep. He has the CEO of the wrong cisco on air right now.
Must've heard the china news and thought it would bring NIO down instead NIO fucks them all on retard strength. Perhaps short sellers are gonna make something happen?
Because boomer's 5% is more than the entire autist's net worth hehehehe
it's different with the asian stocks.  i noticed that the american "meme" stocks do leave a bunch of people bagholding compared to asian stocks.

Then again, you do have shady asian stocks that start really high, come down, but then come back up.

example: xpeng, ke,
There will be no dip
2020, the year China became more credible than the USA
I sell cash covered puts and put spreads. I used some of the premium to buy a piddly amount of calls but nothing spectacular, IV was high on both puts and calls think TW had it at like 130% for March. I’d have to check when I get back to my desktop.
I hope there's a dip to buy tomorrow
That's a huge freaking range
Holy shit me too son. It’ll look like xpeng in the am assuming it does well
Don’t lie, that’s the type of girls you like
[deleted]
Next week will get pumped for sure
Average down
I’m swinging a $ZM 11/13 440c with a 7.5 fill, 🤦‍♂️is there any chance I can possibly break even on this? How high would zm have to go to cancel out theta burn?
And why did you swing
China let Elon into China so they can steal his tech and pump their own EVs.
Shhh we are shaming her, down 2% in AH
seems like a pain just for $300 profit.
the same 😂
pro traders! 👋
[deleted]
Outback steakhouse?
Spy $351 for open
Close it and reinvest into $ROPE
im buying the pltr dip tomorrow
That chart makes my pp soft
EV go vroom
The Fisker Karma was one of the early PHEVs but it was terribly designed (looked amazing though) and his company crashed and burned (helped by some bad luck with flooding etc...).

Since then, he's trotted out renders of every type of vehicle, whenever Tesla announces a new product. (oh hey guys! We're doing a sports car! No no no, we're doing a sedan. How about a pickup truck? OK, fine, an SUV.).

I'm pretty deep invested into him, but I don't know why the community seems to be trusting him again.
What is the next meme stock other than solar, weed, electric cars, and PLTR?
Hope for a massive rally tomorrow
Can you see yourself riding a SOLO? That should be all the DD you need to arrive to a decisive conclusion
That's from August. I wonder if there's a new list.
She looks Vietnamese though
It’s killing me right now.
absolutely, unless you a little dumbass. Free money, take it
huh? the Nio SUV is more expensive than a Tesla

Tesla keeps cutting prices in China - that’s not what a status symbol for the rich does
Wisest words in WSB
Bullish or bearish?
I bet you big restaurants are behind this too. Big oil too. Told people for years working from home is the best thing ever but they just don't like it if you're happy. can't have the wage slave remembering hey I have a couple extra hours in the day let me advocate for better pay or eat better or look for a better position
Yes
Holy shit what took you from 1k to 250k
Where I used to work banned me from buying NIO at $1.5 2000 shares and PDD $18 500 shares. Question: how much money do they fucking owe me????
literally there was no bad news
Yes. They will be on sale in February
U sell and buy puts
It’s a bull trap
Was up $22k before the election.  Sitting on $7k in cash now.  I’m terrified...
Reminder to take a break and call your mom if you’re still able to, a lot of us wish we still could
Alright so I overslept yesterday & missed the nio dip & never got back on. Congrats to holders 
I’m prepping to make tendies on BA 737 return & Mrna news. 
For BA, how dumb is it to just load up otm debit spreads from Monday close until news is announced?
I wonder where they draw the line with this. 

Like can you buy five $2,000 laptops and just claim they never shipped to your address?
Wait until they release earnings next week. There will definitely be profit taking regardless of what they say

But i think NiO is a long term hold imo. I kno it gets pumped more than the neighborhood prostitute around here but i kno some ppl living in china and they tell me thelocals there think NiO will outsell tesla by a shitload in a few years
[deleted]
So maybe the blowup is. Loser then we think here🤔
[removed]
Guys, zoom calls, literally can't go tits up right?
[deleted]
I WANT TO SEE 340 TOMORROW
XPEV you succulent seductive super saucey slut stonk superhero
It’s LI
200 shares
Yeah I don't think you know how to read earnings lmao

There's more than just EPS
My chinese friends seem to think Tesla will eventually win in China because it is desired by rich people and viewed as high status while NIO is basically seen as something for the poors.  


We'll see how it plays out.
Mods r ga y. Unban all the tickers.
...because they have legitimate competition in the electric car space from home grown manufacturers?
I like what you did there
Just bought DKNG and LI. How am I lookin?
WTF how do you have so much $$$?
We don’t need foreign frauds. We have NKLA 😌🇺🇸
Rich
Yes, most good games aren't even out yet
Gonna try to jump in tomorrow morning and see how it goes
Triple down. Positions?
Jfc when the hell did soyboy sjw snowflake gen z fuckin f4gs invade this sub
25 shares PLTR at $12.50 avg, i might just dump everything into this thing if it opens even .01% green tomorrow.
Dave and Busters is such a shit stock, if it pumps on Moderna news I’m going all in on puts
I bought ATM puts to hedge some other foolishness, but it will likely be a loss. It's a silly company but has cool products, even though we will never see most of them in person.
5k in shares 1k in calls
[deleted]
Its green boys, no more dependent on govt contracts, its penetrated private businesses, it will rocket tomorrow
I like my way better. Guaranteed to come out ahead
Solid DIX print
QQQ bull flag breakout
QQQ 292-294 tomorrow
Starting to think BABA may never recover
it's going up then down EoD
Had to buy for extra 100 off eBay
I fear my current risk tolerance won’t help me recover from my old risk tolerance :/ tax write offs it is
Winnie knows how to work it - the strategic placement of almight dollar in front, so no body cares how hard they are getting pounded from behind!
Popped like 3.5% right at 4 and then slow bleed down to 1% since
Looks likely at this point especially if they all boom off the LI earnings pump. I'm exiting NIO calls and getting back in after it corrects post ER
Depends on far OTM and on which stock.
PLTR Fasciitis
That long flat line highlights where you made your best decision: not trading. :)
Same.  This week was just a back-test rally.  Kudos to those that made money, but we broke trend last week.
Quadruple down
I wasn’t bitching about my loans... I actually pay mine. And I’m not worried about someone with a Durgree competing for my job... hard work and life experience always beats some nerd with a degree.
I got a PlayStation preordered about two months ago. After taxes, I paid $550, but they’re selling online for $900. After fees, I’d see about $815. 

Do I sell?
Nice!
Glad i didn’t buy Li puts at close today.....
If only you put thousands in it
u/savethisvideo
I was spending my money on the good shit. then the ok shit. then the stuff that makes me full.

I don't want to know what happens next
FAT AMY SCHUMER DOING TAMPAX COMMERCIALS NOW 🤣🤣🤣
Your Computer/Tablet/Mobile Phone you are typing this on is Made in China.
Thanks
0 cause im retarded
It sounds like you’re definitely in the right place.
But Tesla fanbois told me they were 5 years ahead of everyone?
yep
70% tho man it hurts
I half expect these Chinese EV companies are a vaporware scam by the CCP to scam Americans 

After Cr1pto ICO hustles and LK I don't touch Chinese shit no matter what
Triple top coupled with low volume.  Look it up and see what usually follows
You would think they would implement some type of captcha or something
Pretty pumped for MARA earnings and forecast.
47 chromosome minimum requirement
username checks out
Alright some recovery AH
I think you start getting good at trading when it stops being fun/exciting. When my heart is racing, it’s a bad sign. Calm and apathetic gives you the best trades
how do you represent this mathematically? I tried thinking of it as 3/4 * 3 but that still comes out positive
Plz I want to buy more
They really do freak out at every bit of volatility. When I was working in asset management we had clients who had portfolios with like 80% bonds that would panic when their account was down 2% in a month, while the YTD return was like +8%. So fucking annoying. Those people aren’t cut out for investing though
If you're lucky they may do a 182 on you
I got amazon puts it that makes you feel better. I already know I’m fuk tho
Bro that's plenty of time lmao
I’ve got 6 month expiry thankfully and it’s up big post market
How much y’all have in LI ?
Buy high sell low
Why?
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEwlW5sHQ4Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEwlW5sHQ4Q)
thinking about banco invest
Li is going tight behind NIO
500 thousand
probably a hedge against a large position like all large buys.  


I hope you guys know real traders don't speculate direction short term direction like wsb autists >\_>. they working with huge funds and options are mostly used to hedge giant fucking portfolios trading underlyings.
*If you like Yolo’ing OTM FD’s, or getting caught with no gain*
It is now
Same shit happened yesterday 

Both days low volume billshut
[deleted]
Asia sell cause of China

Europe sell cause of lockdown

America sell cause panic 

My puts ↗️↗️↗️↗️
If yall vote for me i will make companies report monthly on Tuesdays at 10am
Bots bro. Losing battle. Site crashes, can’t check out, then once you can — out of stock.
That Mil is gonna come! While I have taken profits off the table, I will continue to trade. So not cashed out cashed out. One wire transfer away from bankruptcy haha.
I got an Xbox Tuesday night from target.
Fiber
Balls of fucking steel to hold it that long especially when it first touched $10 LOL
I cant hear you. Your wife is being too loud slobbin my knob in my NIO! 


1/15 NIO 40C
RKT always reminds me of this:  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXtg6rlSPmo&ab\_channel=JARaider0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXtg6rlSPmo&ab_channel=JARaider0)
It means I’m fuk tomorrow
Proper fucked
Soft on her but hard on most other aspects, hard worker, intelligent, served in the military, worked restaurants, did bad in school but went to college as an adult for web design 

Retired last year due to eyesight loss
Opens at 15 drops to 13 then gaps up to 19
It likes odd numbers
Im screwed with my blnk calls
This goal is so retardedly optimistic but I’m gonna keep upvoting you
[deleted]
I wasn't aware of this. I'll look into it.
If it’s not a shit stock or purely up on hype, like ACB, just hold. You’ll see a day of profit or at least damn near it. 

I’d say like -40% tho tbh if you still wanna cut.
[deleted]
It really makes you realize money is fake
The vaccine is useless. Who's buying all these special freezers to store it? No one...
I was on em for awhile and was gonna go check out the store front they were to open in Portland. They ended up opening up a kiosk (literally) at the Washington square mall. Sold all my stock instantly. They have no flair and their primary vehicle is fuckin straight dumb looking.
This, maybe.

https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Please tell me this is satire. You are building massive amounts of debt
For now we are range bound between 3505 and 3581. Tomorrow we most likely will chop in that wide area.
Li about to steal the meme race with a come from behind victory. Weekly calls up like 5000% tomorrow 😂
Clearly fake: nobody on WSB has a portfolio that lasts this long.
💎🙌
What ESG issues
High IQ
U sir, have a problem. I hope you can see that and get help.
Alright, NIO train has been pumping for weeks. Gonna step away for a bit and wait for a cool down before getting back in. What's the DD on PLTR after earnings? What's a realistic price target for EOY2021 and post-COVID?
Since volatility is unreal, and you can't predict the tweets, I haven't been hanging on to monthlies - rather I use them to allow me to get in and out of a trend or pattern without losing my butt to theta, and allows me to average down. 20% down on a monthly is a lot, and would shake me out, especially with certain news and patterns. If I'm a true believer I would roll out farther and average down, but I smell a market correction coming, so I am mainly using them as described above. Swing trading them like less volatile weeklies.
What happens when you’re down 70% on calls that expire in June
I wonder if anyone archived his posts, would pay to read
Not cashing out yet. Just watching and adjusting stops
Why they selling NIO? It’s going to the moon
What if i lose
[deleted]
Has anyone successfully ordered a PS5 amidst this Walmart bumrush? Seems like it's just bots winning
You think it’s going to rally in the am still?
now this is dd
I brought my kneepads too!  Can I draw with you guys today!?
I am glad I listened to by buddy from Outback that recommended Li calls, hope it holds up
So, 🌈🐻‘a...

WTF do we think about this afternoon pump to close back above support???  I don’t like it, means we staying flat till either

A: big money has safely exited

B: stimulus in Dec.
Not yours till you cash it out. But lucky bastard, 2000 of them.
[deleted]
I think it goes a bit like CRSR earnings and takes a dip then bounces hard
Right, let’s all buy FB
Are you a member of MENSA? If not I don't trust you
So buy more planatir or sell more snow
Both
*NIO INTENSIFIES*
June 2021 $5.5
[deleted]
Draftkings goin off now and tomorrow going to beat earnings easy
“Fuckin A Jared! 
Shut your fuckin mouth”
SOLO leaps could be a good call...
AH movement does not suggest this
Sir, this is a Wendy's. We now also serve General Tso's Chicken Tendies.
Doesn't snowflake supposedly have higher growth numbers or something?

Either way #SNOW is the most overvalued stock on the market other than #ZOOM (maybe moreso)

\#SNOW also might just get blown the fuck out by the big cloud players - they are in an extremely competitive area
Probably less
Hopefully it moves more that 3%.... IV was crazy high
When would you suggest then?
Already got em just in case
Inshallah
🤔🤔🤔🤔
wow Tesla might actually be fucked if they are losing market share in China.

not growing in Europe - all VW now 

barely growing in the US

China was supposed to be half their market cap
My only worry with NIO is that it sees 2 huge run ups on LI and XPEV earnings only to have no possible way of exceeding its own expectations
Watch palantir price target upgrades tomorrow remember this post
i had bought ccl calls yesterday and today was fun.
china numba 1! 🇨🇳
Maybe ur right
Got shares at $2.9 avg. Was a simp and didnt buy leaps when I should have
🥭 pumping pltr. Buy puts lol
Get used to it. Happens all the time!
Cutting at -20% on 60DTE is dumb.
Just woke up. What did Jpow say?
NIO is the GRAND PRIZE of the Chinese EV Lottery. It will rocket tomorrow on the back of LI's blowout ER and gain momentum leading to it's own ER Next Week. This ride will be unforgettable.

NIO $250 EOM.
whale moves today
https://i.imgur.com/Eax4Zvh.jpg

nothing but nio puts
I've lived two lives. A life before and a life after Gyna EVs.
Surrender your hungry asses PLTR bears. I’m going to be letting loose up in there like Aragorn and the Army of the Dead
PSA: You can’t buy the dip if you don’t have any cash on the side
If you watch porn in reverse they still get fucked. You are fucked
Take your china bullshit stonks elsewhere this is the USA
So you’re saying calls on DKNG ASAP?
cant disagree with that brother
who shorts a defense stonk at IPO? 😂😂😂
This is why im to much of a bitch to do options.. Thank you for the reassurance Ill stick with my long term dollar cost averaging method lol
Not sure why so many people started trusting Fisker all of a sudden. He's had such a bad run in the EV space, but feels like he's one of the normal companies, all of a sudden.
Do not gamble on a loan brother
[deleted]
😂🤷🏻
WMT you scumbags let me buy my ps5
Just deposit 25k, it's easy.
Rise, Young VIX
Got one day trade left, using it on LI tomorrow
RKT 2020 revenue 15 bil market cap 40 bil makes sense
Where's our boy chimpu to give us the play-by-play on PLTR?! 🤣 Shit's nuts.
Vegetables
Careful. If anyone has Algos combing this sub it’s PLTR.
It’ll have a huge drop tomorrow sadly.
It’s the gamblers fallacy.
The most beautiful car you will ever see!
[Vaccine No, Masks = 437%](https://imgur.com/gallery/JzJ4Zg9)
What leaps did you get
yet in all of this, the invisible hand of JPOW rules us all
Thanks 😎
Ye. But you never know so I'm just holding my shares
This is beyond science.
Biden won as of now. I don’t know why you say I think trump won. I say there is a non-zero chance that he can win, but win is future tense. The main point is you shouldn’t make these blanket statements.  You also never explained where this idea of exponential decay is applicable to the math you worked out. By mathematician do you mean an elementary school math teacher?
Dress up as Putin and lure him outside
this is quite normal for any type of gambling addiction
You all should chill Palantir is a solid company. Loading These calls
Not to be pedantic, but The Matrix had 3x the budget, but also came out three years prior to this.  The second two Matrix movies did have nearly 10x budgets, but also came out a year after this.  So, probably a marketing issue.
See you at your bankruptcy hearing.
1950 shares if I did this the calculations correctly, I'm jealous and chubbed up. I'm just a retard with a Robinhood account. I'm putting a few thousand more at PLTR tomorrow. 

Between this and my recent WKRS moves, I feel smart and that is scary.
Are you dumb stupid or dumb, huh?
Yea my Enron might be down but diamond hands baby, diamond hands.
[removed]
It’s nice af in the summer but the people are garbage
BUL R FUG
Wtf is he even saying?
Nvm Tuesday 😂
No, it's too predictable. NIO is going to dump but it's not going to be at ER, it'll be either before in anticipation or months later when everyone feels safe
lol
You make an interesting counter point. I’ll keep this in consideration while on my way to either the Ritz-Carlton or the homeless shelter.
Same
Anyone raining tendies after playing csco earninngs? Csco team? 😎😎😎😎
Bruh
Got one.  Unfortunately we live in a broken capitalist society and the only way to get ahead is with a healthy market, not this .5% trading range bullshit.
TTD is a Ponzi scheme
This is what WSB is now, children breathlessly posting about how they made/lost two or three k.

Fuck you all.
are you posting this now cuz you’re cashing out?
i think you should quit
# more caes -> lockdowns -> job losses .-> stimmy -> stonks
people getting excited cause we're making a fuck ton of tendies from it. Haven't heard of SOLO though, will check it out
I expect a sell off before that
We have a new poster child
I got a free bear award from Reddit and there is literally no better sub to use that in than here
It has the most open int. On webull, but i get burned from short dated so im picking feb
Yeah it’s a 12/24 call so I’m not too worried.
[removed]
Well congrats.. I sold my 253$ puts at 11.30 like a pussy missed out on 250% gains
Thanks for the reply, it helped me think about trying more advanced strategies, or at least contemplate them. gl to you too...
Lol I fucked up this one I know😂😂
Doom doom
DKNG expect EPS is so pathetic there’s no way they don’t beat
You can be one too! Cause surveilling our planet is the thing to do!
IV should drop tomorrow, no?
China officially replaced US as the prominent world power this year. Where you been? Better learn mandarin quick.
double down
[deleted]
Up and down 10k all week. Still fucking kills me
I meant cash out cash out. I remember you saying a mil or bust.
Very normal, very sane, nothing to see here folks.
how do my 16C and 17C 11/13 PLTR look
whadya mean?  it's slowly and cautiously creeping back up
Picked up 100 shares today near open. I hope soo
Siri, how do I get unfucked?
Get a Chinese grandma or uncle.
Tbh you don't have to inverse *everything* if you know what you are gambling on.
Friendship with American TSLA has ended

Chinese XPEV LI and NIO now my fren
What makes you think there will be ESG issues?
[deleted]
I went from the 360 to the PS4, so I can switch back, but just disappointed Microsoft went with such a bland design.
Sony come on, it’s time to come back up
Idk sounds about right
Thinking about doing this. How far out and how far otm do you sell them?
Everyone. Drop all your other options. Just buy NIO, LI, PLTR, CRSR, DKNG, ETSY, ZM 1/15 calls and hold. Literal free money. Nothing could go wrong
I bought leaps for the memes
Like buy at 9:30 sell at 10 ?
So NIO earnings will be released after close on the 17th. Do you guys except a sell off, no matter how good the numbers are?
Hard to time it.
Battery day was interesting. Really ended the hype.
rkt isn’t even incorrect i made a shit ton today buying at close yesterday
you the real dumbass lol
[removed]
ur retarded
You can take a horse to water
that much?
This. That truck owner didn’t do anything to you. This company did. Hurt the company, not the sorry owner.
Fuck thought FSLY might fly with that AH pop but just bleeding now
You should probably put it in your cart instead.
For those smart enough to sell before becoming worthless, where do you normally limit losses to? -10% on a few plays that are good until January and was considering cutting them lose at -20% if it went south further
Ok now do stonks
Real bruh. Real. Thank god pltr saved me
I like MOM, Volume Weighted MACD, Stoch RSI, and TTM_Squeeze. I chart the 10, 20, 50, and 200MA as well as OBV.
Never too late if your horizon is in months
You got me.
Student loans ARE unsecured loans.
Sadly no. Just watching it in my watchlist. If the majority of WSB hyping a stock this much I usually avoid it for risk reasons
Iv goes up another 100% everyone wins
“LI or Roku for a swing tmrw?” I choose Roku naturally 🤦🏻‍♂️
Dear Autists, Chads, Beckys and 🌈🐻🐻...
Long time reader, first time poster. I’ve been lurking for years but have never had anything significant to contribute. 5+ years of trading stonks but haven’t had a Guh moment, a blown account, or significant loss porn to share. But since you all seem to be creaming your wife’s boyfriends fundies over NIO gains right now I thought I’d fuel the grease fire and drop this here.
1 small trade under 8k and there’s enough profit to order me a Model S crammed to the roof with tendies, and a bit left over to fill the frunk with dipping sauce.

I just want to remind everyone that you need to let your winners run.  Adjust your stops but keep them loose.  

And yes, long FSR too. Might take awhile but it’ll catch up to the others.  I think I’ll hold off on the model S and wait for the Fisker Ocean Force-E Edition! Way cooler than the Cybertruck btw. That Henrick knows how to design a car! And you just know that guy fucks. 

Happy trading fellow degenerates. I love you all. In a gay way. Stocks, options, futures, currencies, other men... whatever gets you hard and paid.
there was the past 3 trading days, fym? not huge dips but it hit daily lows each morning around 10 then up up up
Pimp*
SNOWFLAKE 2019 revenue 264 mil market cap = 65 bil
PALANTIR 2019 revenue 739 mil market cap = 20 bil 

i can do maths tee hee :)
Nice I have callls AND puts, can’t lose lmao
definitely holding shares.  I'm surprised at the gap between 25 and 30 for options though.  12/18 30c is the play i think.
wtf is up with Li. damn i only have $500 of shares
said that about tesla 3 yrs ago
free the free market
Fuck I have to diamond hand through tomorrow am because I didn’t want the L.  Pray for mojo.
CSCO BEAT EARNINGS AND DIDNT FELL OFF !!!!
This year it was a multi-day event
Do it again.
Ps much better games
Is SOLO the next play?
Crazy rich Asians ain't a myth
[deleted]
They’re building the factory in Austin as we speak. There are tons of cranes there right now.
Fuck you congrats you piece of shit
how
At least in a year you won't be *fat* and broke.
bet, say less
Me too. Got em at $16.66..
Just sitting on my 55c 11/20 hoping for the best.
Li mother fuckin auto Jesus h Christ go to the moon ol boy
Tryna buy me a new Xbox father?
Nah much easier ways to make money without making the world worse
bitch ass playstation 5
Use it to buy more shares so you can sell more way OTM calls
Lolll i made 500 in puts on that drop, still don't know what you're talking about
Friends?
I bought 41.5C for .25 this afternoon. I have leaps and 2021 calls that only cost pennies. No tendie town yet  but should see awesome percentage returns. 

I only put 200 in so we'll see. I paid .39 for a March 46 call that may print. My other 10 contracts are: 5 x jan 55 (.03), 60C jan (.02). 3 x jun 65C (.14) and a 75c jan 22 (.17)

I cancelled a 5x 41.5C FD (@.25) to buy the dip on qc0m. Oops.

I bought these as an acquisition play (they should buy er!c or n0k etc)
So puts on Nio. 

&#x200B;

OH THAT IS A GREAT FUCKING IDEA
U think stock will run? Too late to jump in?
Too many people getting excited over NIO. It has nothing on SOLO, tomorrow we go to the moon.
I got the same 🥰
Somebody smash the "stimmy talks going well" button
I think college basketball is coming back on nov 25. Might be wrong
Same bro even more annoying it was there twice 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Lol did the results of DKNG leak? Or is Cramer pumping it after I sold my shares AH?
No, this is what creates the retard strength NIO has. This will only further help NIO reach the moon.
If they smash earnings im literally going balls deep into the ritualistic morning dip
Does it go to the moon after earnings? Im new to nio so just curious
[removed]
lol
Blood red futures.
is Singles day not a single day event? lol either way, they bought more in one hour than amazons prime day did all day.
Earnings tomorrow pre-market
KCAC is back in play
I’m going to go out and eat sushi and have positive thoughts that we don’t gap up otherwise next week it is the ramen stand for me
All the analysts raved at the PLTR conference call. I’m sure there are going to be several bullish articles published for tomorrow morning.
Hopefully you got back in😁

I got in at 11 sold at 14. Got back in at 28 and been holding ever since

Not letting these puppies go until theyre at least 100🥳
yo what the actually fuck is good with NIO actually retarded
LI -> 45 tmrw
Chinese has 3x the population? Why can’t it have 3 Elon’s?
Any Honda or Toyota with under 140k miles will be a safe bet. I built/repaired a lot of these engines over the last 20 years and they are definitely the most reliable. Just do you research before you buy and run the vin to make sure everything is good.
It’s was a cheap stock lol what r u talking about bro 😂
Interesting, confirms my bias to yolo back in tmro thx ❤️
Dude you’re still on about this? I said “like” 8%. And others corrected me that it’s closer to 10-11%. Give it up brother we’re all just autists here tryna get rich. We on the same team
Right..Ill be more confident if they can get production capacity up in time before the industry has its stake in the marketshare.
Holy Farfetch
You’ve had an account for 10 minutes, have 100 dollars, and we should care because...
He won a totally useless case so that people like you could troll for four more years about all his amazing court victories proving fraud

The case literally has nothing to do with fraud. He is forcing people who couldn’t verify their ID by November 9 to be disenfranchised since they were told they had until November 12. Either way Orange lost on votes cast by November 3 and verified so it literally is meaningless what happens to like 15 votes that didn’t get ID after ten days. He’s just trying to cast shade.

Pretty terrible to think your dude “won” by trying to make it hard to vote in a pandemic 😂 Democracy at its finest
Thanks genius
Surprised draft kings is up when half of college games are getting cancelled.
Can’t believe I missed SE at 155
Someone is sad they didn't buy in
I was fortunate to short that day as well, but I used my main brokerage account. Only posted this as a follow up to my previous post of a 400k loss.
You should be loading up tomorrow regardless of price.

Today the stonk became a real equity.
calculated
I totally forgot that Biden can just undo any Trumps Executive orders.. My SPY puts are fukeddd
[deleted]
The MVP of today was PLTR, NIO comes second, beautiful trading day!
Been taking a rock hard shit for the past month.  What did I miss?
You’re right and the person below me is a retard. Manufacturers camo cars so it’s hard to capture body lines while testing. However, the underlying truck is already released, so I don’t know why they would. Maybe they’re trying to camo the storage systems between the wheels so no other firms steals their “technology?” But in that case; they could’ve just used the cladding in the IVECO. But no, they camoed it, because they WANT to show it off. Not sure why they think it’s a secret, I even have close-up shots of what they would be camoing from seeing it at CES earlier this year.

With that being said, this is just a PR piece.
But she still loves you right?  Mom's be like that.  I miss mine.
NIO is only 70B Tesla is 700B. 10x upside confirmed. 2000 shares in @6. No selling before 420 💎🤲🤲
[deleted]
Robinhood might accept your phone as a collateral
Fookin iGens...
11 days
Could we worse I bought in AH yesterday for 16.4
So then use an unsecured loan to go to school. Duh
U want to know something crazy? The three of those probably worth more then our big three 😂😂🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
250$ gains. That is good one. Also it is NIO not NIU retard.
I feel a little bit homosexual(not full), so tomorrow after ER, I will buy DKNG shares
🔥🎉
I don't need to go back to Popeyes after all. PLTR to the moon !!!
Does the Chinese army drive NIOs?
Well Xpeng proved the market is there.   Now the stocks are playing catch up.
Don't worry. The LIRR is always late
PLTR bears get ready for tomorrow and next week, it's going to hurt you
It literally didn’t affect them at all
after seeing that chinese consumers can drop $110,000,000,000 on purchases IN ONE SINGLE FUCKING DAY, i will never, ever take that country for granted ever again. also, now i know why american companies bend over backwards for the CCP.
Fox news is as full of shit as any other MSM org
[deleted]
Where the farts are endless but the advice isn't.
Sold my NIO calls at the top today, bought 11/20 $44p to swing, and I'm certain they will get wrecked tomorrow but had to take the chance lol. Would like to get some calls again tomorrow in light of earnings next week, though
Nice

In buying calls tm
Quick squeeze at open probably easy day trade
I had PFE, LUV, DAL, AAL, and UAL leaps waiting for the vaccine news.  Sold that shit and am doing exactly what you described.
Baba is a good play for calls a month or 2 out
It’ll be like XPEV graph today
Positions or ban
Li to the moon
Add a 0 to the end of your holding.

A green day after a vanilla EPS beat is extremely bullish, because it signals real confidence.
PS5 design looks fragile with those fins and the gamepass alone makes the xbox the better console. (Ive been playin on the box since 2001 so im biased.)
Spy lol
I use E*TRADE cash account
LI gonna be a 100 bagger tomorrow at this rate god damn
LI set to Rocket Tomorrow setting off a wave of Frenzied Chinese EV Buying going into the weekend. XPEV is actually the smallest of the 3 in regards to Deliveries and Revenue and has the highest P/S. When LI reports we could see an even stronger EV Push culminating with the Big Brother of the 3, NIO Next Week. 

NIO $250 EOM.
Could u expand a bit
U hate to see it:  LI/NIO/XPEV/KNDI ain’t fuvking stopping till where all balls deep then F
Shit is so exciting, this is even better than up 30% AH lol, that suspense and anticipation
Nay. You don’t buy those til next week. Come on
My teeth like to sit on my tongue recently, is this a sign for autism?
Long island sucks.
I literally only come to this sub for the memes and humour. Love this place. Absurd.
Sold out piece of shit
Earnings tomorrow morning before bell
Thank you!
It’ll rocket
too late?
CRSR  after hours.  $562,293.9 for 19,834 shares at 28.35 (above asking price).

[https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original\_256326177.jpg](https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_256326177.jpg)
next week will not be your friend
Some people wanna make friends, I'm just trying to make you some money.
Futures up
2 minutes into futures and chill and she gives you this look wyd ?
I may buy some PLTR leaps tomorrow if it gets IV crushed hard
Iv is Nasty
If there’s another dip I’m doubling down
that makes sense. I guess we'll see if it catches on as the Canadian EV
Fake news. Stonk is green.
pretty sure a data analytics company can pump their own stonk
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** WSB members boarding the $PLTR rocket ship (2020)

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt512m
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt512m) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/rwsender, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
rwsender
OverpricedBagel
🤡WELCOME TO CRAMERICA🤡
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I hope not
Is there a list of the companies
I held and I am happy.

The call is over and the stonk is green.
Sell the news.  Then yolo that shot into Chyna ev
Facts
One hell of a play
Super toppy, guaranteed we retest the ~342 support level in the next couple of weeks, I got 10k in saying it do. Same could be said about QQQ but any covid news might actually push it higher
Let me tell you about this up and coming manufacturer called Nio....
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** It won't fall!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt4swm
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt4swm) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Nova1555, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Nova1555
theoriginofstorms
All in LI tomorrow
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Li reporting in premarket in China right now. They did good, don’t tell anyone 🤫
The vaccine is probably bullshit is the biggest reason
Looks like it, bagholding 1000 shares at $15 lmao
PLTR all in?
I bought Nio shares for 14.10 on the 8/11/2020 and sold them on 8/14/2020 for 12.70.
DKNG or LI calls?
What made you go hard today versus the top at 366? 366 is where I am really regretting not going short; so obvious in retrospect.

I actually think we continue down in general with declines in non-tech as the Pfizer news fades. The next pump will come from Moderna Efficacy announcement
Holding it too, failed to reach my exit position this morning before it crashed
https://twitter.com/realwillmeade/status/1327023683156791298?s=19

You know what's funny? I actually got a bunch for dirt cheap this summer as stores clearanced it out when demand died down.
What we shorting now
Famous last words
I’m not here to be funny I’m here to make money
Turns out you are wrong actually. Whoops. 

Guess those calls might be okay.
[deleted]
Now you’re getting it!
Perfectly executed!
Since the split, I think I've made over 1k just selling FDs on my pathetic 100 shares of aapl. Hope springs eternal
Yeah lol
No one here has the cash to sell naked calls
Don’t worry lol
I wonder how my VXX puts will do. I am a reformed gay bear. I only buy puts on VXX.
What is the ticker for futures for spy on Tradingview?
[deleted]
My mission is simple - to make YOU money. There's always a bull market somewhere and I promise to help YOU find it.
So many idiots on ST, half of them live in Mumbai and Karachi
damn bro best of luck, i got 50c for next week, if you win I win
Dkng news?
The chance of legislation does have me shook, but like, tendies dude
Is it too late to hop on the LI train?
11/13 dude.. that’s Playing with fire.. what indicators do you use to make such ballsy 60k bets
Why did PFE jump 10% after the very positive vax news, then proceed to lose those gains the next three days?  Are people literally dumping on the good news day, about to rebuy soon, and then dump again after an expected FDA approval?
Do you use ???
Opens 25, drops to 9, closes at 14.75
Wait it out jack ma just needs to let Pooh spank him a couple of times and he’ll be good
The call is now over and the stonk is green.

Lick my keyboard, all you questionable-sexuality-bears.
might park everything in it
The ERs look pretty good. China which is their primary market has no covid impact which makes the play covid resistant. NIO has thoughts of moving into Europe.
Nio also has a removable battery.
PLTR finna be 100 bil market cap company. buy and hold shares.
Dkng taking off after hours
Without stimulus, credit markets are going to be drag on stonks.
Yes, unlimited day trades if your cash is settled
[deleted]
Palantir more like palantear my asshole with IV crush
Dam that’s nuts lol
I’ve been extra cautious and only made a little bit of money this week but at least I didn’t lose any.
DKNG earnings leak?  Holy 🦆
DKNG might just save my portfolio tomorrow
crazy low volume mernipulation on q's, be careful of tm...not that u can change anything now anyway
My puts would not like
Down 0.01% my life is over
Attalantir.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'attaboy palantir' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
S&P grows at an average of 8%

Anything over $16 is gravy 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
You ever look into the Chinese Automarket? Dudes were pushing bicycles 20 years ago. Now they're pushing new NIOs. Shit is exploding there and I for one and willing to make some money on this.
PLTR 20 at open, then moons to 30 over next next week
Chances any EV stock climbs 50% eow ?
PLTR deadass gonna be 16 at open
Please describe your father I want to make sense of this.
Awesome my calls are looking good fit tomorrow then
X for sure
I prefer to judge against this by going long stocks that will do well with more shutdowns. Currently own chewy, Amazon, msft, gdrx and looking at some pton call.
It’ll be effective for 9 whole days before Biden is sworn in. It’s nothing.
How do you WSB fucks not understand DKNG being successful .. it’s all you do
Getting a computational mathematics degree was the worst decision of my life 😔
attaboy palantir
Even Fox News is fake now? Conservatives have to keep going deeper and deeper into the sewer to find the alternate reality they seek.

Dude, you kidding me with that video?? I've heard about deep fakes but I've never seen one. Which I'm proud of. 

Do you genuinely think that video is real??? 

Respect yourself and don't fall for this garbage.
Maybe she has a really aggressive laugh like he does and that turns him on.
Even PLTR has no idea what’s gonna happen 😱😱😱
This didn’t age well LOL
Does 🥭 knows his executive order to mess with China ended up busting chinas ev? Lol 1000D chess
Feel dat. It makes no sense and, as a bull, I do not see the next few weeks being very good. I feel like we’re walking on fucking tooth pick stilts rn.
Look at us on here. Everybody gambles.
“The Dow Is Tanking Because the Stock Market Still Wants More Stimulus — and Might Not Get It”-Barron’s 

This is why we were red. 🤡🤡
FSLY Mar 19 '21 $200 Call

_(Disclaimer: There's no volume on this option so don't do it just because I said so)_
[deleted]
I’ll quit my job
I need zoom to rocket next weeks and plummet in two weeks
Pls no
You'll wish you'd gotten into PLTR in about 10 years too =)
Opens at 20, drops to 16, ends at 17
What people saying about PMO
Do we reckon oil will get a good return??
$27
What do you guys think about the PS5 compared the the Xbox X? Sounds like the X is more powerful, but the PS5 looks so much cleaner to me.
Well, he won in court today
XPEV 11/20 30p $$$$
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Igettheshow89 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
One of the Bloomberg headlines is literally about JPow wanting the God damn central bank to fight climate change 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

I mean I think we need to do it but.......GOD damn.....right now?


Right 🤣 now 🤣🤣🤣🤣

Edit: and how is the central bank the newest Marvel Hero? Constantly fighting all the world's evil.
Very good you retard!!
80% shares 20% options
Hello bognadoff yeah he’s right here
It only goes up bitch
Literally every analyst that talked, preambled their question by saying "congratulations on a really strong quarter". The big money is satisfied with the stock. When the institutions start adding positions, this thing will pop off.

They all missed their opportunity to get in early, because there was a direct listing, not an IPO.

They haven't bought in yet.
Did you actually read the article?
That's a tough one. Not sure what I would have done. I might have sold and bought calls further out, because I think we all feel confident BABA will recover, but the timetable is uncertain. I also try not to invest more than 25% in one stock, and to keep most calls expiries at least a month away.

I'm new to this, still learning.
what’s wrong with this picture?
This is kinda facts but you’re underestimating the size of China and the fact that the government is putting gasoline car sanctions in place.
There is a market for that
Make sure to sell before earnings.
you could’ve just bought shit ton of shares
I think we’ll be slightly red tomorrow then moon bigly over the weekend
A true man of culture.
[deleted]
The women you actually want to spend any time with do not care about your money as long as you can earn enough to provide a comfortable life.
I hope you set the sell limit to achieve this and felt satisfied with this, even though you could have made more $.
I am actually pretty shocked by pltr recovery  lol
PLTR open at 18 tomorrow?
Yep I heard that yesterday before it went down 16% too. Wish you’d gotten into a real tech stonk with me today
Sir, it is illegal to take out a second mortgage on moms basement without her permission.
I think it’s consistent with the overall market we’re in
Spy sellers are keeping their ask low, they know call writers need the money tomorrow. Fuck am I finally getting this
103
🤑🤑🤑
So many idiots on stock twits still trying to pump ACB. It's fucking nuts. Need to take a break from that place. Have dummies saying it's going to hit $50 by EOM. Fuck meeee haha
ohhhh sweet im dumb. Thank you.
Only true autists get in NIO with retarded limit order
hey $DIS quit clowning around and go red
Good God... I've conditioned myself to never even look at the meme stocks I'd feel like an ass buying at the top
Sorting their Magic the Gathering card cause they’re fuckin nerds.
She can pivot to onlyfans
colorized
[deleted]
Both! Go go go! There's no time to waste!
I paid rent this summer just repeatedly buying APT at 12 and selling at 15-16 every week or so. Love that ticker
I bought more at the dip. We'll see if I'm retarded or not tomorrow.
Is your friend blind? Tell him to go for it
Happens a lot actually the algos still don't have it down pat. Also because sometimes context is really important
Earnings tomorrow
[removed]
It is a loss because of stock compensation. Take that out and it's profitable I think
My AppleTv thinks I'm a girl cuz they keep serving me Amy Schumer tampon ads
SPY 420
I bought 130 put 11/20 if DIS can drip down to 138 by the am I might not be completely dead especially if it’s a red day
Not crazy about Islam but I can appreciate their position on honor killing sometimes
I’d blow your small pp
I thought linkin park said this.
I’ve said it many times but I hope DKNG shorts get squeeze so fucking hard. I hope they coming begging to me on their knees for a slice of bread
It’s still going. Party probably won’t stop until NIO starts getting fraud allegations
Trump just banned China.


https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/investing/trump-bans-us-investments-china-military/index.html
Flat or slightly negative is my guess
1000 shares AMD, 6 tsla leaps ITM, 500 appl shares, 3000 nio shares, ntm SQ leaps, ntm MSFT leaps, ntm ARKK leaps.   12k in TSM April 105C

It’s been a wild ride
as a Canadian, investing in Canadian industry is sus long term cause we inevitably get eaten by US monopolies. Chinese EVs are mooning because they have full government backing to sell shitloads of units to complete the country's 2060 carbon neutral transition. also 1.4billion person domestic market. SOLO is potentially good speculation cause EVs are looking hot but don't expect the same guaranteed long term growth
Whyyyyyy?
Lol don’t worry it’s not going sideways it’s going up up up!
Is that Tom Wolfe?
Bruh, how are so many people STILL buying into these Chinese car makers? Y’all really think the Chinese just have 3 new TSLAs, each with their own Elon? All it takes it one law / sanction, not to mention how fucking shady Chyna is in general. This is just pure euphoria buying at this point
FSR and hold 2 years
Should I switch to a cash account yes or no.. TD ameritrade
Hey, at least I lose money that I earned with hard work
theta gangggggggg
I work for a hedgefund we make profit off of idiots like u

Jk but im thinkin about leaps tmro
Every day he is losing court cases which is making more and more votes final. He has fewer and fewer paths to change even 100 votes much less 100,000 which is why everyone has accepted the election is over and moved on except for a small batch of crazies

https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/11/politics/kfile-trump-officials-2016-election-results/index.html

Total hypocrites as usual 😂
So is PLTR gonna be the new bag I’m holding?
Did something happen with DKNG? Wtf


Edit nvm earnings. Haven’t played DKNG for a while my bad
Lol it was a joke bro😂😂
why not leverage this for mad gains?

you will eventually be a winner one day.

so you YOLO everything into OTM calls.

If you win, you made money!

if you lose, get a loan for the exact amount that you've lost so far, and then YOLO that into calls the next day.

If you win, you made money!

If you lose, get a loan for the exact amount that you've lost so far, and then YOLO that into calls the next day.

keep repeating until you make money.

You cannot lose, you will be guaranteed to make money.
Calls on TSLA
F
This! Your boyfriend’s wife knows how small it is 😉
Had a big day today
Two minutes until bigly green
New SEC filings today. IPO Edge presentation on Monday and Barclays presentation on Thursday.
we pumping back up to 16.50
Oh, fuck, dude you just got me so excited. I didn't know tomorrow was a Friday the 13th, but I was born on one (March 13th, 1987), and they are always very lucky for me.

So you'll like to know that I sold all my puts at 3:40 (up 100%), then bought a ton of calls. SPY $360s at various dates, including Monday. I'm a Bear, but I think we're in an uptrend. Let's get it.
Better than I did today. Good job retard 👏
There hasn't been a morning dip for weeks.
And if u leave the margin on u can’t use day trade? Never actually been under 25k so I am not really sure lol
This is what I think about most. They're more than 1/5th the market cap of Tesla  already with much less to show for it.
ban
yes
I make more than that, but what a douchey comment lol
almost smoked my account today.. gay bear no more!
Where did you get my first 6 months chart from?
None. All the companies are Canadian, it's a fake market
Inverse the inverse
LOOOOL
Yep I have 300 shares I bought at 36 I’ll probably just hold.
if chinese ev goes on another ripper tm, imma be kinda sad for being retarded enough to lose bands on amazon, shop, and baba but to not make it all back in the best blue chip of them all, nio
Friday the 13th again? Last one was March, I remember I had the day off and it was the day/week before all the shit started closing
Nah, overweight butch
20 by open
lol WSB is over. You mother fuckers are telling this man to get a Camry or a Civic. You should all be ashamed of yourselves this aint personal fucking finance. Get a used street triple.
You said that already. New joke?
Booooooooooo
But we gonna be cash money rich 🤑
My 11/13 352p sure hopes so.....
It’s small you’re just making up with them gainz
Everyone knows girls only like money 🤑
What is J POW’s future in a Biden admin?
[removed]
Their yearly projected raised ~2% from 1.05b to 1.07b, which is an increase but not much. Its also not a decrease, so who knows how its gonna swing in the morning. It'll honestly depend on the language used by finance stories on the ER, "missed EPS by 4800%" or "raised year outlook by 2%" etc
*Laughs in Chinese*
Look at their product and tell me you’re pulling up to work in that shit. So yeah, maybe.
and my PPE stocks.
I did that some too,  but bought both. Watch BABA spike over the weekend.
TAKE ME TO PLUTO
Insider buying before earnings?
sideways gang wya
[removed]
Probably not
GET OUT! LEAVE THIS SUB, WHILE YOU STILL CAN!
Facts😂😂😂
😂😂😂
JPOW doing his hype routine so his IB buddies can get bigger bonuses.
Lmao nobody knows wtf PLTR is gonna do tomorrow
bro, r u the kid who keeps commenting this all day everyday this week? enough bro i dont have any more money, baba literally took 60% of the thousands i put into longs lol
Don’t do it, it’s the climb for their earnings tomorrow. Buy puts at open it’s up $10 AH from open, I’m not a gay bear but anyone with half a brain knows this is going to dump cause of earnings and weekend
Yo seriously, get help.
GRWG  engages in the retail of hydroponic and organic specialty gardening products. Strong earnings, and plans to expand in january. Im up 400% on cheap calls alone today. Expect it to break 30$ soon.
Yes it tells you how much tradeable cash you have
Huge rotation tmrw in the morning. Tech will boom
That guy definitely did that shit.
Probably made the right move.  Trading flat.
Damn, you can lay down without your feet sticking out of the box? Lucky.
DKNG mooning wtf
Maybe you are right but the guys here have fucking weeklies what is the iv on ur calls?
RIP my poots, we're mooning tomorrow
F
[deleted]
is she hot?
Fortunately, I no longer have diamond hands. Take profits.
What did you invest in that you lost that much?!
yo guys i just wanna let you know that crazy CeO of PLTR called Amazon his partner and renewed a 300 million dollar contract from a client in a industry that is pretty much in its darkest times. Almost all of Foundry clients increased savings average 30%, and its goverment platform is used to advance our military but also targeting air force one and space fukn force. ya'll better stop playin.
Nio opening at $52 tomorrow or my pp ain’t small!
We’re not going to the moon.  
We’re headed to MARS!!!
And her brother spends time in a degenerate subreddit

A classic family tragedy.
Around 1600
They’ll probably hit $80+ by the end of the year.
Yup
Is she hot? Asking for a friend.
Yeah, it was bad - I could have sold for a 60% profit and didn't expecting a run, and then China announced  the regulations overnight, got trapped on the weeklies, and held fort the last couple days - so I accepted the loss this AM on the bump for pennies, and turned the remainder in my account into HD calls and sold at high and also bought SPY puts at todays high and sold at the low, made 129%. So I'm now close to my break even principle before the whole fiasco. Seriously not fun week though.
Draftkings making me horny
KNDI with the sympathy move
I bought NIO puts worth 2% of portfolio net value last Friday. I'm glad I got out on Monday. Still sucks I missed out on most of the Chinese EV boom
Played SPY puts today, the giant dong in the middle of the RH all time were TSLA and AMZN calls during the peak of the bull run. Diamond handed my way to the poor house.
[deleted]
XPEV LI mooning now, NIO almost done
Who knows. Could go up 100%. Bought shares early today holding some through earnings yolo
[removed]
Willing to risk it all I see.
Not bad for anyone that bought calls after earnings. But for most of the people who bought before, RIP your investments lol
🎶got that ring, just like Toronto🎶🏆
Just playing. Looks like the call really went well based off the Ah movement
This is what i’m hoping will happen. Sell my current shares monday and then rebuy after earnings correction
One of the Craziest after hours swings I have ever seen. Tomorrow at open will be wild either way. I think it resumes a steady climb next week back towards $20 end of year
My guy this is gnarly
I think there was too much of an over correction this week with the vaccine news hitting Monday. Also for $3 a contract it was hard to resist.
all in AMC
now you can get 2 wives
Sold my $19 nio  Jan 22 call several months ago
I will gladly watch LI and XPEV absolutely fucking moon if it means NIO gets taken on a jog ride
Hello slow bleed old friend, I've missed you for a week.
Right here? Lol
The DD we need for a thread like this...
ZM don’t fade bb
your option should not execute if it’s out of the money. It will expire worthless and you will receive absolutely nothing.
definite Li did
I need this.
Did you do puts?
10% your account each week. Cut losses early, don’t buy dumb shit. Pretty simple
Def bo spreads ??
But you couldnt sell today right
America is just as corrupt as these third world countries.
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jt59jt&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jt59jt&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jt59jt)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^4 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
I sold PLTR 18 C 11/20 for big L today. Did I goof?
Sold my XPEV and LI calls today. Not terribly upset over XPEV but LI dang
BMW
Is it still even worth investing in?
[deleted]
👙
My unemployed older sister decided she wanted to be a streamer (not even to make a living, more as "this is what I choose to do with my life") while mooching off my parents

Now she wants to change her name to Zar and identifies as non-binary

What the fuck happened?

-long shares NIO, PLTR, ZM, ICLN
What NIO calls should I yolo before ermines next week ?
$NIO just birthed a healthier, sexier, smarter, and better baby. The baby’s name is $XPEV

$XPEV 50C 1/15
fuck it, caught a share of li
I go from small to large, back to small at almost a comical degree. Its just betting on the right horse at the right time. My account practically hit zero Sept 2. Up a few thousand now because of NIO and XPEV
He means the 3rd re-rotation this week
[removed]
I can't believe that garbage is still coming in...
That is so FALSE!
I think you’re good
👍
This week I’m up 298% . Where would you like me to post it 😊😊.
YuGE. I foresee a run up till earnings and then a pull back the day before. But, what do I know...I bought 390 shares @7 dollars like a boomer cuck
TY dude, made quick 50% in the morning and sold.
14.72 green.

You are colour blind fool.
Charred.
opens at 50, probably mostly flat all day/slightly bleeds
BABA leaps tmro?
DKNG is positive
it must be one horrible ER after another, which is drilling the stock down, yet it never goes to 0

amazing company if you ask me
User name checks out.  Virgin alert.  Keep begging for girls on Reddit virgin.
Wtf niceee. Dam lucky
Y
Rip pltr bulls lol the iv crush would be very brutal lol iv was insane😂😂
I sold my calls at 3:59
Its what happens when subs get big. They get watered down. We're like a year away from being another heckin good doggo sub
[deleted]
PLTR flat is a huge win. Idk what autist expected it to moon on earnings, I honestly thought it was gonna tank. My positions are all 60+ days out and I think it’s very positive it didn’t tank and now has room to run past $20 by EOY.
wait this is a national emergency and not the parabolic trend of COVID hospitalizations during winter?
r/palantirbets
Shut up slut, GOOD JOB TODAY BOYS!!
[deleted]
Would you say this works mostly with ETFs or individual stocks?
[deleted]
How do people use EW analysis? It’s fucking useless.. recount after everyday, might go up, down or flat 🙄
Learn about straddle and strangle. Its a easy profit if the market move fast wether it goes up or down
Exercise deez nuts
Haha i been keep buying li for past couple hours. Keeps 🚀
Stocks yes. Options I went balls deep in spy puts
$PLTR 2022
Only down 33%? Even boomers were down more in March.
Congrats man, are you gonna cash out this time or still shoot for a milly?
Its an emotional rollercoaster ride haha
Thanks haha! Haven’t played PLTR before so I only have 1 call debit spread 13.5/14.0
F
Just like in the movie Armageddon !

[https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/S/sgp-catalog-images/region\_US/disney-QRM0NNG2-Full-Image\_GalleryBackground-en-US-1484002554658.\_RI\_.jpg](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/S/sgp-catalog-images/region_US/disney-QRM0NNG2-Full-Image_GalleryBackground-en-US-1484002554658._RI_.jpg)
Welcome. Take a seat.
NIO
How was that well known planned future not already priced into dcf models??????
PDT flag doesn’t lock to closing only. Another day trade with PDT flag does
So go cash?
APT and GRWG have been printing my calls. APT is a PPE supplier that is rebounding from a sell off on vaccine news. Expect to see it reach back to previous levels tomorrow and then break further out as covid ramps up. GRWG because they have strong earnings and are expanding later this year.
It can't decide which way it wants to go
Goes higher on the back of Li auto
It is weird that shes always sleeveless
Like it’s anything outside of the norm to advertise yourself? Fucking idiot...
Ordering my Tesla now thanks PLTR
[removed]
Me and your gf
Will it tell me if I’m out of settled funds. Like why does it let you trade when cash and Alta out?
 I get that but what I am asking is, what are the odds of no1 wants to buy my option? I dont mind loose the investment but I mind if I have to execute the option and buy 100 shares of something.  Idk if im explaining myself right
Expected EPS was 3 cents but their actual was 6.
It's because they put the price of the phone into your bill. It's not even like buying a phone at this point. It's just, "this is my phone bill." I'm on AT&T upgrade plan so I pay off half of the value of the phone by the time the next phone comes out and I trade it in for the new one. Just like leasing a car. I am leasing a new phone every year for a certain price a month. Simple as.
I wish
Ok post proof of how much you’ve grown your account let’s see it
Anyone think SOLO will follow along NIO, LI and XPEV?
Happy Friday ¹³th Eve
Yup china is sad that they gave us rona. Now they are blessing with tendies
0 day at close! Low-risk but high reward with this volatility
Nobody thinks it now, so that means I’m prolly right. We’ll see I already have a large position
make a couple solid YOLO’s and you’re golden
You know there's bett.....you know what, I almost forgot what sub I was on, godspeed autist.
[deleted]
***'Institutional Money has Entered the Chat***
Biden will reserve this so fucking fast. China literally owns Biden
My day job is building homes, about 30 min east of St Louis (but well past East St Louis). We are slammed with new homes and remodel jobs for people moving out of STL now that they don't have to actually work in the city.
No I meant why not buy now vs tomorrow?
Remember when it was supposed to be green forever now that the election is over?
I need Nio under 60 by the 23rd so I can at least buy back 2000 shares. Losing 1700 shares but I think Nio will be in the 200s in a few years.
Puts on ur paycheck if that’s what it is😂😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Holy shit what are these positions
Ark invest etf go read about them
They settle the next business on TDA.
THCX
Father keeps them in the safe.
LI 🥰🥰🥰
🦇 🍜
I’m going with fisker it sounds cooler
Hope for a bloody day
Damn. Didn’t play Li auto because earnings were priced in right? It already ran so much right???
Just hold bro, Lambo Soon
[deleted]
What do we think NIO will look like tomorrow? Do we break 50?
SPX hasnt been able to close above $3.574 all week.

Tomorrow is friday the 13th.

Kinda need Biden to take some kind of covid vaccine during a livestream like really soon or moon mission is looking like a Freddy Krueger nightmare.
u actually might never recover
I like your chances, still have after hours, premarket and then a whole trading day to get there.  Might want to hedge with some shares
Bearish sign
Ah, the eternal argument.

Might need a trebuchet to hoist that pile.... Haha.
True that
Buy stonks
Buy months out in stock you believe in
[deleted]
You're way in the money already! Fuck it. HOLD
I bet his son is one of us!
any small account holders who actually made some money, what did you do? aside from luck
I don’t have a position but good luck to you!
Perfect meme.
Didn’t we already rotate back
Go cash - just no spreads, deposits take a bit to clear and remember you’re done for the day when you’re out of settled funds
5k in the span of like 4 months
Best cannabis etf?
Very bullish for tech
Lol not at all I think you should look for a job 😂😂😂
Yeah i wont i mean ootion in that its very high return
Slip-N-Slide
🍀
seriously though - what was the last stock you remember that went down -8% once ER was released and then went back up positive during the call?  That was wild af
[deleted]
Sorry I meant yesterday.
reminder that the LI ONE suv outsold NIO ES6 by 8k units in October but NIO is still sitting at double LI's valuation... gonna be a quick run to $45
F
[deleted]
Or Corolla, same story
WSB autists changes address to I-95 underpass a week later.
Yea good shit
[deleted]
ded from IV crush likely
They cute as Jay Z said
Are you saying put all my money into the market now? Or that I should have earlier? Or both?
Solo UP AH🚀🚀🚀🚀🌚
ooops
[removed]
Lol, WSB's CEO.
Why tomm?
I don't know... we'll see how the flight goes.  Seems like the money down the road would be more in government contracts.  For the time being im out.
Do you fucking idiots even know what Palantir does?
Calls on?
Haha okay let’s see tomorrow 😂. If only it took grammar to make money in the stock market.
I'm debating between  Green or Yellow
[deleted]
this guy already covered his cost basis from cashing out his earlier calls

all of this is just pure profit now
Got a lighter?
I pulled out before closing and regret it already. Going back in at open for some more tendies
How were earning, too lazy to check
Kiosk in your local mall
[deleted]
Yup
Why is everyone saying PLTR beat earnings? I'm seeing -$0.94 per share.
The economy as we knew it might be over, Fed Chairman says

https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/economy/economy-after-covid-powell/index.html
AH Runner. Careful when you have a hot sector.
[removed]
A bike lol
[deleted]
Nice!
Squeezing out PLTR and RKT call buyers has been fun 😈😈😈
420.69
Motorized dildo
I really do think rotation back to tech will happen eod tomorrow.  I hope we open red
They’re calling you at r/personalfinance
Earnings hell!  I'm waiting for a dividend!
I want day trades
[removed]
Made $5K. Thanks for caring loser.  How’s the virgin life?  Go beg for more girls on Reddit, maybe you’ll get lucky.
Half the country is going to find out in two weeks what happens when record poll turn out occurs during record breaking infections.
It's so much better in his voice.
[deleted]
Hey guys, love the show. Long time listener, first time caller. How can I buy stocks with physical cash?
AH Runner
It will open at 320 keep holding
Am I going to be rich?https://i.imgur.com/DsrNaaZ.jpg
Why don’t just leave it and don’t use the margin?
Bull R?
well up preferably
people who can't afford it will be dead soon enough, or have already died

people who have the means will improve their financial conditions because there are more resources to go around

corporations will benefit, which is a given. always

unemployment will also go down as more people die

global warming will, too, be reduced with fewer people on the planet

stonks, in general, will rise
Not sure if I can trust someone who uses the language, “you gonna lose you account”, but hey who knows right
Up %225 already on those calls. This is not a long term play, simply following the volatility. The float isn't that high so this thing can be pushed around, especially with EVs getting attention.
Ok what the fuck boys. All the sudden (with in the past month or so) 75% of the posts are people losing like $1500. Nobody wants to see that boring shit oh no you lost a paycheck!
Is there a list of companies somewhere?
Bruh how many contracts that shit is 3 dollars each
Japanese car tbh

*DO NOT* get a car loan.
[deleted]
Not marrying it, just gathering tendies from market momentum dude.
NIO LI XPEV
ER leak I bet
Lol. I wonder what my LI 30 c premium would be in the am. Bought for $1 each
VXX is my only hope of saving my ass from the mouse tomorrow 🙏🏾 *VIX TO THE MOON*
People sleeping on Li?? See y’all on the dark side dickheads
Still holding
RIP PRTL SHORTS
Not gonna li
Lmao PLTR flat
Jesus what lambo li call holders buying
they sued to be able to get military contracts in like 2017, prior to that is pretty irrelevant IMO
A good start!
What the fuck is that?
Li Xiang One
SPY gonna open at 320
Today XPEV had a stellar moon day...
Looks like LI is about to have a stellar moon day...
Next week: NIO moon day of all moon days?
TSLA actually exists in places where people have money and can park their cars
41% 🤯
[deleted]
You can **sometimes** get away with it from Monday - Tuesday and Tuesday -Wednesday, but on same week expiration options theta will shred the majority of all extrinsic value every overnight hold, and delta stays the same, so unless your weekly option is already ITM you’ll be automatically losing like 20-50% of your value on market open if price stays the same. Would need large upticks in underlying price just to keep the option value even. It’s better to just sell on a daily run then keep an eye and rebuy next day on a dip. Ofc this runs the risk on you “missing out” on a surprise random gap up 50% tomorrow morning, but ignore the FOMO and play it safer if u wanna still have money next week
🤞
Pltr plat as fuck what are you guys celebrating lol have you never heard about an iv crush🤦🏻‍♂️😂
30C 1/15, if you boys hold, I’ll hold too!
wtf goin on w li bro? was that my recovery play?
China Mobile didn’t even really drop that much and it’s one of the companies banned by the executive order. Is this just a delayed response or is this not really that big of a deal?
Lol you mean to tell me you've never seen people bitching about their welfare whit a blinged out brand new iPhone in their hand? Because I see that shit every day.
Because kandi has virtue signaling on its side. Millennials be like "omg look at my new all electric car!". I also asked some ~20 year old girls what they thought and they said it's cute.
How is their profitability not changing when they’re increasing deliveries and offering ADS to invest in operating expenses
***LI up 15% AH*** 

***Chinese EV Bears Banished to the Shadow Realm***
Isnt the tax for the people that choose to continue to work from home AFTER the pandemic is over?
Margin scares me
bike
how could I forget
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**FSLY**|**$80**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-11**|**$4.73**|**$76.24**|**262**|**260**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhffdls3evhv0770pu3vozn8) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/kaplanj23/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SOLO**|**$7.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.13**|**$4.83**|**17**|**813**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhffdlrbevhq0770q2qx5wh2) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/easyusername524/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Good time to sell SPY and buy PLTR?
Fair lol
Is big DIX bullish and tasty?
I don’t care which direction it moves but it needs to move at least 20% in any direction
I’ll never go to Benny hana again... I don’t care whose birthday it is
What the actual fuck am I even looking at
[removed]
Honda Civic. Cheap and extremely reliable.
Not good
Debt bro, most poor people have no understanding of money and will happily sign up for debt so they can have that iphone for $20 a month or whatever.
they _only_ do defense business with the US and it's allies
I have 3000 shares. Just hold buddy. And hold your NIO too
Well if you get exercised you're going to be holding 100 more at $15
Pretty much
supposed to be, though DIX has been pretty low lately and we haven’t really seen a reversal
This virus has made a lot of us rich on puts and then on calls maybe it isn’t so bad after all
I make a few g's a week trading small caps. I assume you're trading large caps?
[deleted]
We’ll have to see. Down early aftermarket but looking good for tomorrow’s open. Best of luck.
That must be PDT the brokerage can’t stop you from losing your money unless you violate a securities regulation.. like PDT
camry corolla civic mazda 3 or accord
no...
Why spy?
I think what’s worse is holding on to options that gradually decay overtime and seeing the stock barely make a move.
It was so obvious even in August if you did DD and research.  
There's always outside influences that can tank a stock but throwing 17k away on NIO has proven to be the exact opposite of a cautionary tale.   You sound bitter.
Hell no margin gets u rich 😎
17k
I’m jacked to the tits with 01/21 🥳
PLTR = Power Earnings Gap incoming. If you know, you know
Godspeed
Yeah how can I forget those idiots😂😂
Well you gonna lose you account.
what is DIX exactly? It makes no sense to me.
About 90 days from now.  Are you fucking serious?!?
Mazda 3 2014-2016 GS middle of the class, reliable af, pretty and cheap on gas I have a 2015 an abuse it like a truck
Time in the market > timing the market. Put all your money into NIO ASAP
we’re talking WSB, of course they went full retard and bought weeklies
With. That's nuts.

150  NIO EOW confirmed.
Gains are gains.
I was up 4K in spy puts before the end of the day. Now only up 750
That’s what I’m thinking, with everything shutting down this might be the move
PLTR earnings are over.  To the fucking moon we go boys 🚀🚀🚀🚀
And it was clearly priced in
Yea i bought FSLY today, may buy more tm
2008+ camry, cheap insurance, 30mpg, cheap parts, reliable. Look for sunroof and leather interior and you’re good.
Same exact trash argument as people who short TSLA
It’s not gonna dump. Not until options expire
[u/talent3d](u/talent3d) how are those $BABA calls?
And I fucking sold
Any older Honda if you care about retaining value. 

Want something sporty/fast? Buy a bike and an even cheaper Honda. 

Don’t take a loan cause that’s weak
yep, keep buying more and more every paycheck. Retire happy in the coming security state hellscape
I guess I don’t gave the choice
You serious? 0.15%??
1k shares holla
EVs go down tomorrow and FSLY will be climbing to $85. My magic ball is always right 51% of the time.
Buy 13 calls of TGIFridays and slam 13 mega-ritas
Chances QQQ climbs 50% in the next year?
An early 2010s toyota or honda.
amazon usually destroys everything else, but trade might be tired
PLTR earnings GOOOOD. Beat EPS by 145%.
[deleted]
Incorrect: RKT
Altima
Haha this is fun, I’m gonna go have a beer
What the fuck do you think people spent stimulus checks and shit on
After market is the real market
Should I or should I not switch to a cash account since I have 10k. TD..
savage
I don’t like this cat meme.

But I don’t like cats.
Nah, moreso talking about run-ups to earnings
Damn it sounds like you really don’t enjoy making money
[deleted]
[deleted]
No I don’t I’ve been good with all that stuff. Fxk me I guess
Hell if I know. Close everything that's not NIO and buy 11/20 thru 1/15 calls? I'd tell someone *else* that's dumb, but anyone who did it today made more money than me.
Bullish or not? Explain
[deleted]
Hey you’re making money give yourself a break man
GUH
Specific Chinese Companies*
A skateboard
Dude wtf is li doing lmfao
Lol. Nooo
Yeeted it all into ZM 11/13 $135c at the last minute today
I wish I would have bought more NIO calls as it was making its run up. How do you know if something is going to keep running? How do you avoid buying the top after a couple 15% days? I guess it’s a casino.
Down 0.15%
But why?  Banks have been dumping the last few days
NIOt
It shouldn’t let me once I’m at 0???
Baba was a longer term play— too early to call imo. (Unless you went full retard and bought weeklies)
Acknowledgimg 25% will be EV's but not including Tesla as one of the important 🤦‍♂️
[deleted]
Naked is risky, hopefully the iv crush pays off for you. Hopefully it doesn't tank on me either though. This was kind of a last minute decision for me, I usually plan stuff out more
I don’t have the patience for that. I time my entry and exits based on intraday technicals. Also, if you sold calls, your account is probably big enough to not worry about PDT rule anyway.
Ever buy contracts instead of sell them so you end up with double of what you wanted to get rid of?
That would be insane but I wanna be realistic 😂
Ccl just touched the ema

I'm down to put a 2k call
Some overlap with VERI
I'm 21 and have never owned a car before nor driven one.  

What should I buy as my first car, under 5k.
Just simply not true. He had to file to sell on that day a while ago. It was a bit of a crap shoot what the price would be by then.
Bullish
Bought NFLX 492.5C lottos before close. Are these done with dis news?
Are we talking about earnings? Cause if so pltr wasn’t correct lol xpev and li was correct probably the rotation people was incorrect pfe was incorrect of the top off my head lol
Market has seemed to only care about next quarter and next year guidance. They raised their next year (I think, mightbe been next quarter)  guidance from 1.05b to 1.07b, which is a lot of money, but a small percentage increase on their guidance, "only" $20m
JD calls :D
$600c 2/15/21 Full confidence.
Don’t fuck with the mouse
Trebuchet
Lmao lost 3k on SPY sold my calls and put the rest into the good old trusty NIO and we walked away positive
🚀🚀🚀
Dude -50% in a month?? Take a break.
The best is how they’re trying to pretend like it’s to help the lower income workers. Like bitch we know you won’t give them more money and you’re just trying to divert anger from you, to the less fortunate. Typical
They look like wheelchair EVS. Perfect for a WSB member to ride in but not for options trading.
I bought 5c 11/20 for 5 bucks and am up 562%...too bad I only bought one contract
4.97
"sexual activity"? Neck beard confirmed.
A true autist
you forgot to touch yourself at night?
 Zoom $500 11/20 calls. Yay or nay?
its never ending
More calls on ZM and puts on SPY 🤑
200. I'll either be rich or investing in $ROPE.
PLTR 🧐
lol nothing makes sense about that idea
should be the photo where they board the Challenger
Li to the moon!!
Biting myself for only putting $500 in LI. Feeling like a coward. Please roast me
big jump in DIX 😳
Trebuchet
I remember the first time I lost $5k in a day, felt like I was going to puke.

I lost considerably more on Monday market open (I’m a tech heavy moron loaded up on shares using margin) and it didn’t hurt as bad.  I’m not sure if I’m just numb now, or if I just have reached a point where I know I can ~~win it back~~ recoup my losses... any day now... I’ll get it.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
BAC   27.5|0.02|0.03|0.03|-0.17|30.178%


BAC 27.5C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc3ggnx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Don’t trade with unrealized gains
Lol no. They only step in when I try to accidentally buy 2000 shares of spy
The second thing
Umm me...I bought one in cash. To be fair I didn’t lose my job. In fact I’ve been getting paid more. But I I only bought an iPhone to use the FaceTime feature with my kids. When they’re older I’ll be switching to android. I think android is superior
Zoom going up 100pts would make me cum into orbit
I just did during my lunch break actually
My account proves I am not :(
You know much money everyone is saving during the pandemic? Entertainment is basically nonexistent. People love to spend $$$, and they’ve been buying shit like crazy during lockdown.
All in BAC $27.50c 11/13 see you on the other side
who is we?
DIX says green.
Work from home policies used to be a perk, until we were all forced to do it. The way I see it, companies in 2020 should have to pay you more to use your own space instead of their rented office space. Office space is the job perk now. Fuck deutsche bank
[deleted]
Cmon PLTR, I’m counting on you to buy my PS5 😭
Your take is dumb as hell.  Ford alone is selling over 36,000 vehicles per week and its borne from having a product people want and the infrastructure in place to actually produce it reliably.  I don't even like them as a company, but those are facts and constitute a serious difference between the existing car companies and the Chinese EV companies.

All these Chinese EV companies are smoke and mirrors at this point, because they can't mass produce or distribute their product and they don't even have a market that can afford their cars, let alone even park them in places people want to be.  They haven't even demonstrated that their product is even any good thus far.

These car companies have a fair price that is yet to be determined by the market and people are just irrationally exuberant right now.
Did you get PDT or something? Once you get tagged, the next day trade locks your account to close position only.
The power and the glory
"the 2 hour standoff is over"
Please answer your phone for friends.
the products that palantir provides are not something that can be easily replaceable by another provider via bids. 

i agree with you though - they'll pay $150 for a $5 light bulb but then try to nickle and dime you on a $10/hr consulting fee
Give me a retards DD on this. Seems shady as fuck
my shit is gonna be so green when this rebounds even slightly. can't wait
Zoom $500 11/20 calls. Yay or nay?
SHOP
# 🥴
No one is buying them since they're exactly the fucking same as an 11
I’d panic if there was no panic
BABA says hello
PLTR  comeback, daaamn!!
[me too, then I bought the 354’s after.](https://i.imgur.com/lXBdjDR.jpg) Never trust a low volume down day
new york considering closing schools again and chicago announced a stay at home advisory. lockdown 2 electric boogaloo is afoot.
Then just hold some stock. If you get fucked u can wait long term. Dont hold options through earnings unless you wanna risk it for the biscuit
This meme looks like it traveled in time from the golden era 10-15 years ago, it has everything: a cat, levan polkka, and an ethnic guy singing a weird song (look up Tunak).
Ah, a fresh yet still ignorant take on the old wHO WilL bUy OverPRiCEd pHOnES tomfoolery I've been hearing for a decade
Apple makes a lot of it’s money from recurring revenue and the stock is trading inherently based on growth especially in its services segment. 

Apple isn’t just about iPhones, it’s an ecosystem. Where one part is procyclical another is counter cyclical
Jesus lol :( yeah I shouldve jumped in Monday
And it's gone.
Yeah if you pick the right ones.   I'm 1 for 8 on playing earnings weekly.
And don’t have enough chips to run them. Lol
Smart move bro and lol I wonder when would they figured how rigged it’s for the seller and start selling the calls like me😂 I sold some Lyft class the other day and it moved pretty big against me but a .70 cent weekly I sold became .10 even with the move lolll
60 shares of PLTR. Will I be rich when the next earnings call comes around?
So NIO has 2X the market cap of LI, but LI has sold more cars?
There are a subscription service. Phones and computers included in that. People upgrade sooner or later.
They’ve been around since 2003 and have never made a profit
Chinese companies that can benefit the CCP/military complex over there directly. Read that how you will;.
I swear if I see this fucking video again...
Buy him surprise cruise tickets 🤗

Edit: then change the locks 🤫
I thought about this. It is. The IV on these things is stupid.
After-hours on Chinese EV stocks is where it booms
I actually just got 2 12 pro max ...... they come in tomorrow lollll
60c 11/27
With tanks
Call or put holders? The stock can't make up its mind which direction it wants to go after earnings call
Lol don’t we all? That’s our problem
cut off his supply of fast food. he'll come out on his own when he gets hungry
20.69
DIX says green AF tomorrow.
I grabbed 45$ PUTS NOV 20th baby!
Dude I’m dead serious. I can sell but I can’t buy sht
Cuz this is a shitpost. DIX is nothing but a meme anyways
What do you think about jumping on the SPCE bandwagon now?
He will - just wait for the speaking tours and book deals
I think this might be a smart car situation man, like it’s cheap- gets you from pOint A to B- but why the fuck would you buy one
And yet somehow I cant get a fucking playstation because they are sold out everywhere 🤷🏽‍♂️ Go figure
Had to learn this lesson one more time
Weak gains. Lol kidding. Congrats 👍👍💃👍💃👍💃👍👍
[deleted]
Grandpa I think it’s about time to take your meds
Their future profitability hasn't changed from when they were valued at $2 a share 9 months ago. Only the stock price. Thats usually not a sustainable situation.
JPow getting started early tonight.
LI up 43% since I bought in AH

WISH I BOUGHT MORE
 How are they going to evict Trump from White House???
That’s how they traded in 1762
18
>"Congratulations on a really strong first quarter"

*- Analysts controlling billions of dollars who are participating in the earnings call and applauding the results.*

&#x200B;

>"This stock is doomed. Cut your losses and run now!"

*- WSB Autists*
It’s down and will continues to go down till open tomorrow. The Ambulance is for you .
I'm loving PLTR.  On the earnings call now, and I can tell you these guys will rule the world in the upcoming years.  They are intertwined in the defense sector of all major countries.  Get in now, before the moon.  Own shares and will hold forever
This guy.
We are expecting the price to go up but it could also go down y know?
What panic are you seeing? Just another day here
It does mean MM buying the dip ish 🤷. You think you're smarter than they are?
Puts on nio
You borrowed shares and sold them. That’s called short selling. Google it. You don’t necessarily have to pay it back now. You can wait and see if it drops if you think that stock will drop.
Prius isn't fully electric and costs 2.5x that of a k27. Completely different.
iPhone users will. They always do.
I'm a long term tech bear

Apple still basically maintained their success after the unemployment dried up
Not exactly sure what kinda meat it is but I like steak on a stick with Chinese mustard. And pu pu platters.
45$
[deleted]
What could go wrong
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|2.16|2.22|2.18|1.25|142.234%


NIO 60.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 4 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc3g3x4&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
RKT won’t moon cause they made shit loads of profit. Gotta be underwhelming or in the negative for stock price to move up. Geez where have you been. Side note next time it dips to 20 or below buys calls 2 months out.
welcome to r/Downvotefarmers
NIO 60c 11/27 looking good. Already up 100% from when I bought
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just get in FSR
Lmao are you serious?
my calls are still going to get theta raped but, honestly, after it drilling 8%... for it to be at \~-1% feels like i just won a million dollars rather than losing $5000  


also i have leaps you fuckers so shut the fuck up
[deleted]
Hope the MMs don’t eat my lunch
What has happened? i see a lot of panic. Any news?
Nice. I bought a fuck ton of SPY 350p 11/13. EOD of day fucked me real nice
Boom!https://youtu.be/xfr64zoBTAQ
Catapult.
He likes crying more.
Start wheeling brotha
So what happens if everyone is expecting big boom boom?
Dec
That's like worrying about gaining 3lbs. Just take a 4lbs dump and get back to them tendies
DIX is a lagging indicator

SPY 100 confirmed EOD tomorrow
predictions in one year. Go!
5% of Reddit, and it's a company not entirely owned by the CCP. The CCP probably has less than 3% of "ownership" of Reddit.

The US government probably owns more of Reddit through shareholders in the government than the Chinese government does.
How are your poots?
Lose money
https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/g64tux/every_one_of_my_comments_is_original_copypasta/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Hey man, you knew it was Fidelity 😉
Hey WSB tech bulls, you wanna explain to me who the fuck is gonna buy an iPhone in the middle of a pandemic when some middle class people don’t even have work? CoViD iS gOoD fOr TeCh
Rank amzn aapl msft tsla fb googl with best overnight performance
[deleted]
who tf are going to buy the k27 its so fkn ugly
I did (insert something) this comment coming.
Good luck man
Thanks kind redditor!
Do you do anything special for friday the 13th?
All analysts on the call are loving PLTR
Maybe....
thanks man its appreciated
same, sold everything at close
But this pump could be the market pricing in a good nio earnings. Unless nio has insane earnings I feel like it will have a correction after earnings and then moon again.
I'm seeing a lot of articles come up about KNDI recently
if your calls are worthless you pay for it. nobody out here giving free options away
I can't believe I am reading this. And people lose their mind when Biden plans to tax the wealthy. Fuck these people.
PLTR don't you dare break my earnings run.
Can’t throw stones - I lost 1k on pacific drilling. Waiting to see if they can rebound from their second chapter 11 in the last three years.
The movie was pretty decent, Sean Bean was in it too (Ned Stark/*"One does not simply.."* meme guy, if you don't recognize the name).  The rap song OP stuck on top of it is pretty shit though.

Fair warning, it isn't an action movie - it's more like scifi "1984" with a few Matrix scenes.
CHINA!
What goes up must come down
TSLA will be the first car on Mars!
Very nice. Yup I’m in at 24. Biggest winner I’m holding rn. Just listened to the earning call and I’m 100% holding long, might even buy more. So much potential. They are right on track, China is going to be HUGE especially with a partner like BABA.
No your a pussy ass bitch
We incurred a loss from operations of $847.8 million, which includes $847.0 million in stock-based compensation following our recent direct listing.

If you adjust - this would come to a very small loss for the quarter!
[deleted]
Helpful for not checking phone every 10 seconds too
we dump lol
Thanks for the support! Appreciate it
It's tradition.
How are they going to evict Trump from White House???
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/kaplanj23 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I already sold.

And its not certain until tomorrow.
do brokerages ever restrict your account if you've lost an obscene percent of your account rapidly? i got restricted but only have two good faith vios/ no free rides or the other dogsh!!. down like 50% in a month so i feel like they are trying to protec me or someshi. i want the freedom to lose everything
Might as well just buy a Prius at that point dont you think?
Ya I am salty as fuck they missed so hard but still flat.  Only winners are theta and stocks :l
I’d say it’ll pass $20 pretty soon considering it just got its first PT from an analyst at $22 and is coming out with big manufacturing news this weekend. Not to mention how popular EV’s are right now in the market.
Goddamn am I happy I didn’t go full retard and hold my November expiry PLTR calls hope these 2/19/21s don’t blow up my account though lmao
If my family wants a turkey for thanksgiving, PLTR needs to 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I bet this guy bought nio puts lol
The Russian vaccine is actually only 42% effective, but 50% of those in the trial fell out of a window before completion.
Like, in real time
$50 is a big psychological barrier.
All good bro, tis a learning experience. 🤛🏻
What news could be possibly released tomorrow to make this green? Like this should be a bloodbath tomorrow.
QQQ always booms up when people least expect it.
You're not wrong but half the country thinks its a scamdemic.
Y did pltr go up again ah, was guidance juicy or was it bc I didn’t touch myself at night?
I got scared
Is there a way to see what the state run media is pushing? 👀
bro, li? fuck me, is chinese ev already a passed wave?
Millennial home owner gang rise up
Its not too late to buy a strangle lol
How do I avoid Good Faith Violation on TD ameritrade
NIO way that just happened
Bought in today so me at least :)
500%in a year is not enough? Lol
PLTR to the MOON 5/21 20c
Spy puts lockdowns coming shortly.
I have the PLTR 13p and its rising on big earnings miss. idk anymore man
Google up 3x leveraged ETFs

Don't buy options on them
It makes sense. Private investors often liquidate holdings after an IPO because they’re already up bigly.
Trading at redemption? I'm sure it will get a small pump when they announce their yarget.
Bill cuckman like $
Besides that bullshit vaccine rally, SPY has strong resistance at 358. We ain't going up. Blood red tomorrow. 344 EOW
So just keep cash and alts above 0?? How do I know when they have settled
Shut up baby dick
I hope I'm not retarded for Google puts
I saw the question mark initially. I’m Ron burgundy?
Kang gang
Lmaoo the fucking temper tantrum at the end.
I read losing 25%, I also thought +50%
Here PLTR I think you dropped this 👑
I'm in
No way this is real, I choose to believe that nobody is this stupid in real life.
No profits
Yea they are right. Those sweet transportation costs we save totally justify having to rent a larger apartment for 1-2 extra workspaces, paying the utility costs of your company (electricity), having to cook at home instead of getting possibly free/subsidized lunches etc. Mind your business and I can keep my 5% and still buy a transportation card, tyvm.
Hence why long.
Why would you buy calls on a massive run up with retarded IV?

This is WSB
We need spy 340 for the culture
😂
fuk u bloody
Zoom going up ~~20~~ 50 points tomorrow would be great

ftfy
Sold almost all just holding like 10   January 2021 $38 calls for fun
[deleted]
Anyone ever buy the wrong ticker and then have to sell it immediately for bid?  Faaack
I went back a few days of comments, sooo many downvotes, the only upvotes was when he dissed obese people, dissing everybody else must strike some personal fee fee's
I agree, but I’m not certain on escalation.
SPY flatlined right now. I think it’s going to take a nosedive when Europe wakes up
same same
[removed]
You’re about as fucked as I was this week on spy calls. Never again. Sideways motherfucking rat bastard ETF can eat my entire cock.
I love investing in dead money stocks and selling right before they pop. I hate money, apparently.
you can get cheaper than that but you need to move to less populated areas
Just as much as SPY 360
The squeakiest of the boots
the puts I sold will get assigned ... so yeah, i guess that counts.
AH doesn’t mean anything to options dawg, and tomorrow is Friday 11/13, meaning theta will remove all extrinsic value, and your call is still high up, so unless DIS jumps above $143 TOMORROW your call will be completely worthless tomorrow. It has dropped to $139.80 as of me writing this. Who knows what it’ll be tomorrow, their results were both positive and negative, if you sold with any value left, you did the right thing, chill homie. From its stats I can view, It’d need to open above 146 tomorrow for you to net any real sort of gain. Maybe it’ll happen, but as that’s almost a 10% upwards move needed overnight it isn’t likely. Next time you need to get lower strike prices
Yea you get limited on day trading depending on platform. ToS is 5 per week I think
SOLO cars look like shit
[removed]
Earnings could make you money.

Better chances than lottery

hence why you should YOLO on weeklies

easy money
Someone must have been less than honest when they completed their application for margin trading rights with TD....
Accepted my 90%  yolo loss and am moving on.
It’s going to rocket tommorow and AH buckle up
There is so many layers of autism in this one.  Fucking gold.  

“AIDSburger in paradise”
Ayo wtf happened to MRVL AH?
Rip
https://youtu.be/u8mnDEPySVA

Go back to the beginning around 5 minutes I think
Rip wallet
gonna go all in on PLTR leaps.  Shit can go way below estimate and not tank
I sold Monday
Sounds good. My Jan is $280 to be even safer
Explain how I avoid GFV on TD
Fridays and Mondays are have been the most interesting trading days so far. Hopefully the trend continues and good luck to all 🙏
pump and dump by CEO...
That's what people said about Japanese carmakers in the 60s and 70s and Korean carmakers in the 90s and 2000s.

CRCC is literally making maglev and high speed rail for international markets.

Made in China for high value goods is top quality. If you are basing quality of high-priced goods (cars, infrastructure) on goods specifically designed to be cheap and lacking quality (toys at dollar tree) then I don't know what to tell you other than what the other poster said about you not looking at the big picture.
Ok
[removed]
this was my very thought as well
Not sure but seems like a kodak deal.  CEO sold 5.1 million of stock the day the reported the results
Nah with LI callings you should be good that’s what I’m hoping at least
[deleted]
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8mnDEPySVA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8mnDEPySVA)
Give it two months when Joe’s swearing in ceremony is delayed due to political limbo.
Same
[https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/console/EventConsoleApollo.jsp?&eventid=2807592&sessionid=1&username=&partnerref=&format=fhvideo1&mobile=&flashsupportedmobiledevice=&helpcenter=&key=C75D1314E9AB57402C2D1DB77536ECE5&newConsole=true&nxChe=true&text\_language\_id=en&playerwidth=748&playerheight=526&eventuserid=384501791&contenttype=L&mediametricsessionid=327804056&mediametricid=3943201&usercd=384501791&mode=launch](https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/console/EventConsoleApollo.jsp?&eventid=2807592&sessionid=1&username=&partnerref=&format=fhvideo1&mobile=&flashsupportedmobiledevice=&helpcenter=&key=C75D1314E9AB57402C2D1DB77536ECE5&newConsole=true&nxChe=true&text_language_id=en&playerwidth=748&playerheight=526&eventuserid=384501791&contenttype=L&mediametricsessionid=327804056&mediametricid=3943201&usercd=384501791&mode=launch)
Spreads on options are wide too so that means bigger players on the stock are going to short to lock in gains. Unlike WSB, they have enough capital to not be at the mercy of the bid-ask spread.
[deleted]
Lol it is a lagging index but it still a big jump don’t u think? lol
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nio is gonna kill Tesla

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt44x9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt44x9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/sijaz321, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
quiveringmass
Thebush121
Yes
[removed]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Great work! Now if you would like to donate to the non-profit organization I run called "My Portfolio" so that you can get a tax write off just let me know!
Dang!!! I bring out my pocket change 🪙
Anyone still have faith in PSTH
let’s go, how far will the stock climb you think?
At some point, I do hope you will answer at least a few questions - how did you decide GME was going to be your value play? Was it the fact that it was pricing in bankruptcy even though the cash position was solid? Or you knew that a console cycle would definitely start pulling up the price. 

I believe you started building a position in GME even before Burry revealed his position. And you had a very long term view when you started doing this. 

It's an interesting choice and you've been doing this for over a year now - the COVID dip must have been brutal.
Zoom going up 20 points tomorrow would be great
Hope you didn't hold overnight after you bought up that dip.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I did it, my gain today

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt3rve
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt3rve) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/OcramOcram, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
EchidnaRight197
afrocubism
MadejustforWSB
nov 13 47.50 checking in and the owner of our discord checking in with $30,000 calls exp nov 20 and 27, all 50 strike

&#x200B;

god speed to us all
Like a pioneer
I will be messaging you in 6 days on [**2020-11-18 22:39:02 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-18%2022:39:02%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jrstub/28000_on_10_1120_amzn_3200c_2800/gc3fknj/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjrstub%2F28000_on_10_1120_amzn_3200c_2800%2Fgc3fknj%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-18%2022%3A39%3A02%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jrstub)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Never sell until after 10:30
Why would you get fucked tomorrow?
Our thoughts are simply more aerodynamic.
Youtube
[removed]
[removed]
I sold my call at open up 80%. idk why people hold into earnings in this market. time and time again earnings are burning people.
theyre just getting started as a publicly traded company, now they have the ability to compete against the lockheed and northrop grumman size companies.
[deleted]
GPS 20c 6/18
remindMe! 6 days

hasn't exploded yet. let's see in a few days
This is dumb as fuck. 

The “Detroit Big 3” have been shit companies for years. The reason their value is low is people don’t believe they’re going to remain dominant or grow in any real way in the future. Fuck those trash companies being used in any comparison to anything, to be perfectly honest.

Same shit with people dick-riding Intel.
It doesn't make up anywhere near a bulk of it's revenue so it doesn't change much about the value of the company overall.
Inversed WSB on nio since last week ..........
My windows XP news feed just let me know
Yes sort of like a mini or a fiat. Its not fast and has a small range but with better implementation of charging stations I don't think it will matter. The mass majority of the public doesn't care about performance anyway. Especially those looking for an electric car. It can go over 60 so I don't think they'll care beyond that. And it's CHEAP.
Bru
We tried to tell you. 

NIO
so he's saying there's a chance
Well sometimes you fuck up, I sold my EV calls too soon. 

Thought that investing into stimmy stocks was the play.


Those who are cocky for being lucky deserve the losses they will take next week.
OK Boomer
Because in a cash account you have to wait for closed positions to settle before you can use the cash on the next play.
this fool is crying about PLTR because he decided to buy 💩 puts. LONG PLTR $$$ us gov/thiel backed can't go tits up
F 11/20 9.5 call

Made cash on clean today
🎉 congrats. But Fuck you
Because the vaccines isn’t actually as good as they made it seem like
So if Pltr opens red tomorrow we loading up right?
Yeah gotta go through the drive through now
Anyone has the link for this shitty call lol
you shorted the stock and the stock went up so you owe the difference when you sold it to the buyer. go back to the juicebox
good question. I think adjusted EPS is 0,07
I’m not saying it’s guaranteed to happen, just what I would worry about. Opposition to China actually has pretty broad bipartisan support so the order might stay
What if NIO skyrockets like XPEV did today after earnings
I guess try to buy calls with expiry at least a month away to stay safe. I'm mostly Jan/Feb
Because, news flash, it isn’t going to save the world
How much younger do you suggest?
You have to wait until the next day for trades to settle.  I personally don’t mind using a cash account.
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-13 22:37:58 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-13%2022:37:58%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jshttt/when_your_extra_chromosome_tells_you_to_send_it/gc3fg7x/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjshttt%2Fwhen_your_extra_chromosome_tells_you_to_send_it%2Fgc3fg7x%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-13%2022%3A37%3A58%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jshttt)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
almost like no one else can do what they do lol
Dude I’m an IT Consultant with Msc in Data Analytics. You don’t even do the same shit.
L
Closed my eyes and started praying to God

I ask God "God whats my next big play?"

God smiled and said nothing for a minute

Next minute God smiled again looked at me and said "Son, you are a retard"

And I open my eyes to see through the window a Fedex guy delivering a package to the neighbor

There was my answer from God

FDX JAN 2021 300C
Thank you. Also bought 2k of SPY puts 1 minute before the green dildos and am already down $400 from that so I need China to tank
[removed]
Not yet FDA approved, or even given EUA
u/SaveThisVideo
Can confirm been in AQB since IPO
Weeklies were 400% iv lol
I’m fully erect for QQQ to be fully flaccid. Imma need a nice downward curve on everything
XPEV, LI, NIO, which one is better? I don't know. So i got all of them. Options from RH, stocks from my fidelity 401k account (they don't allow me to do high risk stuff there). And today seems to be a good day.
Honestly I make this joke like every other day, eventually "tee hee sounds like pee pee" will get old and I'll move on, but today isn't that day.
I have a pretty small account but at this point I make about 50/100$ a day doing that
Is tomorrow the moment of truth when we realize if we moon to new ATH or dump into oblivion?
Towards earths core
Dude its the same in every law firm, engineering consultants, accounting...everyone is charging $300/hr to everyone for every intern. The only ones not charging this much are the interns themselves.
XPEV say sike rn
haha! true!
Drinking coffee at 5:37 pm. Gonna be a long night
Laughs in my $420.69 stock on Pfizer day
Lmfaoooo
🤫
[deleted]
when would pltr's q4 be?
Long term NIO has potential to 100-200 so 48 is minimal in comparison to possible gains.
Hell yeah! Bring on the hulk!
Of course, it costs tons of money and time. Once you’ve done your due diligence you know it’s a lifelong partnership.
remindMe! 1 day
You absolutely should. You have to deal with good faith violations (GFVs, Google it), but you can day trade to your heart's desire. If you use tasty works you can deadass just open a new account whenever one gets banned for having too many GFVs.
I have 1/15/21 $290 calls
So stupid lol.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/swipeszizbak the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Definitely considering it
[deleted]
Congrats
Haha, I wish I was Bezos. he should've just use Rogaine...
I would’ve pulled out a min ago 😂
/salute 

man's no bitch.
[removed]
Yup. Just saw it. That's the most arrogant ivory tower shit I've ever seen. Clowns of the highest order.
They would’ve tanked already
I bought puts at end of day. It's at present just wafting the momentum of chinese EV and no new announcements.
I googled it, I'm right
Wtf trump banned people from investing in Chinese companies ?
No
Someone forgot to YOLO in NIO and is crying like a baby
In at fifteen bucks 🙌🌍blue sky coming
They burned like $270 MM in cash last quarter lol. 

It’s a speculative IPO. Just buy 100 shares and hope it delivers big tendies in 20 years.
Anyone else see that post on r/Robinhood about a guy who said he recovered from a big drop and it was just 10%
You literally just made it drop again 😰
My gut tells me you’ll be good. As long as NIO hits 49.85 by the beginning of tomorrow you should break even, assuming IV remains constant. Of course, if it doesn’t get in the money by EOD they’ll be worthless.
This aged well
I want to see this portfolio.
LI is cool if you haven't gotten in to NIO XPEV yet. But I'm already holding NIO long so not gonna add another China EV to tip the balance of my portfolio.
Not completely sure so don’t quote me but I think it takes like a day for a purchase to go through or something, basically fucking you over if you want to day trade
Fak
Look at what they do and try to find someone else that does it

In reality the big legacy defense contracrors have similar departments/products but palantirs running away w this space is seems like
Was expected to be down so much
China *likely* won’t retaliate against an administration that is leaving in two months.
PLTR’s existing customer retention is insane.
Put in $5k back in February a couple weeks before the big crash. Lost about $3500 of it in March. I have been slowly crawling back up from there since then until I decided to yolo on NIO calls this week after seeing the dip on Monday. I had about $2800 total on Monday and ended up with about $6350 after closing today because of my NIO calls. Insane.
It's already integrated into the Federal system. It's pretty much the standard for analysts across law enforcement, military and civilian intelligence agencies nowadays. The big thing is they need their other systems (Metropolis/Foundry) to become adopted by more corporate clients.
Ayooooo
Put to Call Ratio is like .45 for 11/13 expiry, hoping it tanks for the lols
Are Turkish better than Finnish musically
Why wouldn’t you lol
I'm fully erect for QQQ tomorrow
Surprised no on talking about SOLO.... EV Runner.
If I don’t trade on margin why shouldn’t I switch over to a cash  account for options?
Dude, it's not too late to jump in.

PS. China has set their market for these EV vehicles (charging and battery swap stations everywhere, easy to obtain license for EV vehicles, less parking fees for EVs, less tolls for EVs, etc) so ATH for these stcoks.
[deleted]
Yeah quick way to make bank
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/deutsche-bank-proposes-a-5percent-tax-for-remote-workers-post-pandemic.html
Do some of you still have dial up internet? The Trump China order was hours ago lol
r XLE fuk?
he lost
your $2 OTM so unless it goes past $50 tommrow its pretty much no bid garbage
Happened last time they had an insane run up following an after hours announcement. Was up maybe 2-4 dollars by the time market opened and bled back down during the week.
Guarantee the stocks do the opposite of what you say. You aren’t smarter than any other of the millions of people that are on it.
Fok u
My one 0DTE hopes for +1%. Most of my plays are Dec/Jan/Feb. Not going to risk too much on quick recovery
haha you mad
🚀🌑 hop aboard
If SPY doesn't dump tomorrow then I'm completely convinced the stock market has started smoking crack and has lost itself
Stock compensation.
Wtf pltr I want cheapies tomorrow
Snowflake , datadog
Irrelevant trashhhhhhh everyone's just tryna jinx everyone else
How do you tards not know it's a lagging index
g share ur exit strats
Do you guys think they will shut down the counter again
Did you sell? DID YOU SELL????
Last of my recently blown up acc ;(
PLTR going all over the place AH
Dude that’s awesome, yeah I sold naked dec 11 $15C, IV is insanely rich, couldn’t resist
It will be what our corporate overlords say it will be. All Hail Corporate.
all-time please
I only have shares. 😭
Imagine being a bear and buying puts and then seeing this. $ROPE
PLTR callholders bragging when the stock is up a couple percent...uhh, didnt you buy at over 100% IV? You really think your otm fds will be green? lol
50/50
That was a 2 bagger. Possibility of holding overnight for a 5x+ if you got in on it.
You’re welcome! Knowing the Greeks and understanding what they mean in relation to what you’re trying to do is crucial in making a YOLO slightly less YOLO-ish.
I’m uncomfortably deep
[deleted]
Absolutely jinxed it what a nonce
Hoping my 11/27’s will print
Shit is literally just flat with the day
Oh ok got it , thank you :)
Wait what?

Edit: I see now. Lol fuck them
50 strike 71 bucks
Going into puts now because of you.
I bought a bunch of KBNT stonks a while back because programmatic ads are the future of advertising but apparently I am retarded
I mean they are nice cars... fuck you tryna prove coming at us with logic?
CCL: [*sad trombone noises*]
God speed, fuck china.
The market is going to drrrropp next week
bro have you cashed out or you diamond hands??
gonna make a huge amount of money, pltr is a long hold
No, and I don't plan to
I think that's what all the shares were.  Insiders cashing out .
Found Bezos's Reddit account.
If I don’t trade on margin why shouldn’t I switch over to a cash  account for options?
Not gonna lie, those gov't contracts make me a PLTR bull. I want to throw my life savings into that type of software company
Thanks
why
Fake news
Congrats, seriously.  I talk a lot of shit here, but I mean this.
No they will print
i need to sell  calls to theRH crwod
Their tech is really unique but also on some Black Mirror type of shit. It’s kinda crazy.

As for their level of data harvesting and data science, they really are one of the only people in their niche
it's the disney plus sub growth that is fueling bullish sentiment
That’s a good explanation thanks
My b I’m an idiot
As if they were ever cold lol
The worry I see is that it gets expanded after China retaliates against us tomorrow
LMAO

Nah they weren’t paying the interns that much, more like $20 an hour

But the customer paid $$$$$$$ for it
I know. I diamond handed 16c for tomorrow. Here's hoping it opens at 18.
Only competitors are like Accenture or other consulting firms that outsource solutions to shitty, uninvolved people in India who creates data aggregation with either shitty software like Alteryx/Tableau or do weird custom solution with Citrix and other obscure platform nobody knows/support.

Basically it’s making the data in your company being not an excel file with awful VBA macros, but a insightful service.
[deleted]
Palantir pumps every time they say covid lol
That's some large DIX.
You'd only be enemies to about half of Americans, actually.
What strike is your call and how much did you pay for it?
Robinhood is the only stock I would be a  🌈🐻 for lol
great deals, upcoming software tutorials for investors, thiel/us gov backed, you're captain delusion. Up in AH, may drop in the short term, nothing has changed. I feel sorry for your portfolio in 1 yr 😂
Wonder what he’ll wake up to in the morning.
I love that you can see each YOLO and the time you took in between getting the balls to do the next one because "I cant lose every time, right?"
Big pharma Medicare for all play?
Bought 1.5k of XPEV puts at close. They’re gonna hit.
[deleted]
Bro your hours late.
Oh we will absolutely get there. I just need a 2% drop tomorrow
Yeah my point of view is similar.
Waiting it out a bit to see if this a rise before it drills or if it's for real.
[deleted]
Department of Commerce said it will not enforce an order that would ban US companies from offering downloads of Chinese app TikTok
... towards the moon
steady gains until then <3
Damn wish I could read
Or r/stocks
Ye
So good for me but doesn’t theta kill my option since so close to expire?
Yes
Do you know if they need a new janitor?
Hopefully i buy puts when that happens
Dix at 45. Rip bears our puts r fuk
That was a good one too
if its green tomorrow ill wipe my entire account.
Mm sounds like all bark not bite to me lol 😂
Fuck Deustche Bank and their 5% stay at home tax
Nice! Funny thing is your post inspired me to kept my share + options and they are 🌙ing now.  Thanks!
https://twitter.com/ryandetrick/status/1327009596414840836?s=21 

Guh
I have no idea. I had both nio and xpev calls,but this growth is just unhealthy and they’re overheated. There must be a pushback. That’s why I sold calls on both today and got puts.
Wait zoomers are old enough to own houses?
* [https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix](https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix)
* **DIX:**
   * 37.9% -> 39.9% -> 39.9% -> 44.9%
* **GEX:**
   * 3.87B -> 2.87B -> 5.99B -> 4.70B
Honestly I think it should probably be in the 330’s. Where it was before the election
i thought i was too late at 40. just hop in. yolo.
Think of theta as how much you pay to play per day. Vega is IV so its high prior to earnings or uncertian event. Once the news is out usually IV tanks your contract unless the underlying moves more than the implied volitility
PLTR AH: a tale of many twists
It was 15 which might make it itm but he bought when the IV was sooo high
Idk man I bought 50 dollar calls how much more itm should I be
Yeah was more referring to the chance of civil unrest that would potentially occur if that happened.
Agreed, positions pretty please??!!?
🧠☠️
Has buying at close and closing at next day’s open been proven to be a successful strat?
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pubd-spHN-0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pubd-spHN-0)
Let’s go LI! Don’t fuck me tomorrow plz baby
Why did you color the text red and not green ffs
Shout out to everyone who doubted PLTR
Can someone link the song that was played during the pltr talk, I missed it :(
Combined, they are already larger in market cap than the Detroit Big 3 (GM, Ford, and Fiat/Chrysler) and combined, they sell far fewer cars in a year than Ford alone sells in about two-to-three weeks.
Ban your retarded ass
I'm aware.  That is why this thing is going to moon when people realize they are signing up new governments for software all the time and they have the cash to run for a good, long time doing it.
Watch the first 15-30 minutes at market open.  Note the high and low.  From there, watch to see if it breaks the high or low.  Put on a position riding the trend direction. Or, if it doesn't break, but instead trades within the initial range, scalp.  Sounds easy, it is and isn't. Study it for a while, practice in simulator, then start small.
People also live in cities because that's where the jobs are.

Remote work will probably come in to play in the coming future though
It's on the menu, right between mermaid sashimi and unicorn gumbo.
Didn't you hear Donald Cheeto lost the election?

And the U.S. will wreck their own economy, devolve into civil war, or all of the above before we can do anything to China
No, very specific ones, lists are available and have been posted in the thread
Lol. NKLA wasn’t even a company when TSLA was at $200
You're fucked buddy, no EV's on that list
I like how he named the only three public companies as best positioned for ev in China. I bet poster couldn't name more than 3 other Chinese evs. Tsla don't count.
Congrats FeelsGoodMan
me too, you listening to the ER call?

the work they do isn't that sexy: they make it sound sexy enough that their software could be sold in a fucking apple store

this company is going to make a lot of people very, very, rich
LI Auto: Hold my bat soup
You know you can buy more right now, right?
I see that their EPS was .06..? But some articles do show this -.94 figure. Can you clarify please?
Whenever you buy, sell before earnings. and rebuy after.
Oh man, we need another update from him.
**LI AUTO 11/20 40c** at close was the right move 🤪
when are VXX earnings?
It’s because all of us on here have the mental capacity of 4 year olds
That’s why u sell naked calls like I told u to do😂 you need a massive move against you other wise you still win lol
[deleted]
You must have never bought  LKNCY
shts gonna go up according to my dick
Sell shares of PLTR? 

He invested in the company privately prior. IPOs are for raising capital and provide more liquidity to early investor
Damn what’s the tik Tok news ? They’re staying?
[deleted]
You thinking Feb or Mar, trying to time my positions.
Did trump just ban investing in Chinese companies lol
Vega relates to how the change in volatility of the underlying affects price. Both have an effect, though theta will be less if the call is ITM, since it has intrinsic value (the difference between share price and strike price). Try using optionsprofitcalculator.com to get a feel for what the value could be.
A bunch of COVID contracts for distributing ppe, helping US build infrastructure for vaccine delivery, bunch of military contracts, international gov't contracts
look at LI...
Best time to be an options seller!
Dude sounds like he's 20 and is just like "yo our stuff is dope. Back to Dave"
could someone with a tech background please explain to me who pltr's competitors are ? why do people say they are the only ones in the space ?
Shhhh less people know the better
goddamn right
Super late on this haha
Just realized im using palantir for work. Shit I better gets some shares and calls
Patiently waiting for BABA to act normal again
Ya'll want real easy money gains, buy GBTC, gonna hit 30 before 2021
😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣
So is everyone getting puts on nkla dec 4?
Never underestimate the ability for Boomers to fuck you over.
Lol "dammit Bob you're supposed to do PER SHARE"
[deleted]
Dont get this market, so basically stocks only go up
thats what ppl said about Tesla at $200.
I hope for the day RH goes public.
Thanks for confirming tomorrow will be green
Not longterm, maybe late in the short term
Pretty solid honestly
Same here brother let's ride that fucking train all the way up.
Good fuck China
Lol Aapl clinging on to its dear life.
Please explain how it’s dogshit, besides hearing that on WSB
PLTR- I'm jacked! Jacked to the tits!
With remote work disrupting the job market I think in the near future we're likely to see more movement to those kinds of places that lack jobs but have homes
Oh i dont doubt that lol
Sat
are we trying ot make ftch a thing
This is going to Pluto not moon
This would be nice seeing as I bought a 355c right before it tanked today.
> beginning 9:30 a.m. eastern standard time on January 11, 2021

Not until january, a couple weeks before he's out of office. Biden will reverse it the moment he steps in the door.
[deleted]
How many people actually say in a tesla?
Hello, thank you for taking my question. I am from wallstreetbets and was wondering what call strike and expiration to buy
Trump’s executive order holy shit markets are gonna tank
Melissa lee is wearing long sleeves.  I've never seen this in 5 years.
Now, its not. Its going down. Trust me.
if your not ITM yet its going to destroy its value
oh great, its flat so only people making money is theta gang
[deleted]
STAHP IM HARD BRO AHHHHHHHHH
I can confirm. WebEx is in fact shitty.
[deleted]
yeah get some JETS and pray Moderna helps out the travel sector
[deleted]
exactly

people don't understand what PLTR is and actually care about current quarter EPS.  Amazes me.
Zero look at li earnings runup
What are the odds we get spy 345 tmrw
Imagine if you weren't a pussy and bought calls on NIO instead of stock.  Congrats on huge win.
[deleted]
Shit have been well over 50 by close
no one
Don't trade for quantity, trade for quality.

-R. Kelly
I last minute bought some shares at 14.7 and sold 15c's on it for tomorrow. $105 each 1dte was too much to resist. If we can open in the high 14s that'd be lovely but I expected to be assigned
woops.. i did 84.34407, stupid decimal
We are gods amongst men Nio brothers. Let us get so rich we fuck hot dumb insta thots.
Just getting started.
Wait you sure? How come 😭
Buy whatever Calls on XPEV and/or LI that I can afford
Why would COVID cases increasing be bad for tech?
Didn't Peter Thiel sell a bunch of his shares at 10?
[removed]
I saw Robby Taylor crying today.  He didn't know, but I saw.  Do you think I should report him?
Deb is big.
So true!  If you watch the interview with their CEO on CNBC he seemed genuinely surprised too.

If they'd just announce the auto loans already it would send the price where it should be.
Did spy get halted AH or something?
Well it finally happened boys. After losing my job in March I finally got a cushy gov't job where I can work from home. Now I can trade while I work and YOLO my paychecks instead of my unemployment checks. Feels good man
Depends on the wearer.
Yup for some reason i decided to buy 3 amc calls. made some back by buying an amc put tho
R we doing it again today? Give me some free money
been holding since IPO
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO or XPEV

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt4cyk
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt4cyk) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/-Hei_Bai-, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
-Hei_Bai-
OverpricedBagel
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I sure hope so :)
Who thinks Baba will finish above $270 tomorrow?
PLTR with the Vcovery
Man I have NIO calls and even I don’t like this level of China dick riding.
[removed]
All hail Mao! The Chairman of the People's Republic of the Communist Party of China!!!
I sold on Monday because the stonk is doodoo until they get more commercial clients. Gov contracts ain’t gonna do it for them, especially with the controversial issues. This company has potential though
Damn that be crazy
WSB: Stop spamming NIO!

Also WSB: why did you asshats let me buy AMZN, MSFT, BA, TSLA...

🥴
it's all stock based comps
I am betting it will crash ... maybe not tomorrow but within the weeks. IT is a 17 year old SOFTWARE company that burns cash like a fuking startup. These guys aren't targeting the big fish but low hanging defense/government work as their primarily client base. Until they get big company to utilize something they got or implement a product consumers can utilize they will never have a big tech evaluation.
That’s one hell of a quarter
I was staring at my disney put at +$50, nah itll go higher

It's going to be -700$ at open...
As is tradition. The ACB pumpers got pretty quiet but my puts got LOUD.
Prolly
lol yea ive noticed that too.
RKT finally building some ROCKETS 🚀
Hit the nail on the head
I even sold and bought back in. Wasn't perfectly timed by any means, but I sold around 48.50 and rebought and 47.50 during the panic sell, so I'll take it.
You really gonna say that after they ran 12% off another companies ER?
Are y you of listening to the call?
The greek your thinking of is vega
I made the most money I have ever on Monday and Tuesday and I can’t make money since. It’s so weird. Market so flat.
4 year olds can't do any worse than what I've seen here tbh.
That car is old and most nios on the road are not particularly attractive.  I hope you do more research on them if your argument is based on design. Also, both cars, nio and Tesla are pretty ugly. Polestar is a much better balance
my dude, thats bezos daughter. She came out with a whip on one hand and a shield on the other to deflect poor people
[deleted]
I am consistently on edgeenedioxy​methamphetamine
PLTR will reward ye faithful
How was the evil company call? Looks like investors loved it lol
I've done that 4 times with NIO so far I think you'll be good.
Why are we celebrating PLTR when this shit flat af
You’d be surprised how many retards hold into expiry or fomo in on 1 DTE.
So many ways to ride a plug🤨
Used to work for Lockheed Martin can confirm

We were billing US government $300/hr for each intern lmao
WTF is going on during this PLTR call right now
What are the odds spy is below 350 tmrw
So where's batsoup fit into all of this.
Isn’t it that very small Mini Cooper looking car ? How well will that sort of thing preform though ...
Lmao NIO is still going AH.
good advice
Does it smell like ass? You might have received Tim Apple's dido by mistake.
“In its SEC filing, it warned investors that it has "incurred losses each year since its inception" and "may never achieve or maintain profitability."

Nah I think I’ll leave it
don't forget KNDI
Had me in the first half ngl.
Damn jinxed it
Covid is good for tech. Vaccine already priced in from pfizer.
\[CONFIRMED\]

SPY will hit an ATH of 420. Mark my words.
Fundamentally its gonna go down
How does theta work when it’s nio calls expiring tomorrow
It moons if future outlook is bullish. They can beat earning by a factor of 3 but if they anticipate shit for next 2 years, it’s going to drill
EPS -.94. We die
I learned from RKT not to touch this today. See, I'm not completely retarded...only a little.
Make a YT channel chronically your trades and return to 1k.
Put/call ratio is +...so 358 open
Grab a coffee, take a shit. Then wake up tomorrow knowing that we know nothing.
Betting against palantir makes you an enemy of the state and I’m pretty sure you’re automatically placed on a list by their analytics to be scheduled for a drone strike
Haven lolll
yeah their dick are quite big, me likey
Bruh i fucked myself because I didn’t average down originally
Sold 385K worth of Nio puts, used the premium to buy a Lambo Huracane!
Gay
Nevermind we're good again
Are you saying that's why it'll gap up  tomorrow or that's why it's overvalued?
Facts and some 11/20s
I've been long this from the mid 20s, down to 7, now back to 50.  Still holding the majority of my shares - company is operating on all cylinders.
Need an update from the guy that has/had a mil in GME calls.
If we lockdown tomorrow I’m am very ready ZM ROKU PTON PINS. calls let’s go🚀🚀
Nio is such a dogshit company but damn I wanna fomo into it right now
[deleted]
How does their actual EPS of -96 cents compared to expected of +2 cents play in tho....?
Lmao at the 4.8 rating
fuck
Chinese stock is future, NIO and XPEV are heaven stock
Good luck! Lost 14k playing them. Still have 12 contracts through spring but im done. Took me way too long to jump ship after realizing I don't understand the company. Huge lesson learned. It's been an option writer's game last 4 months.

I do think it's fundamentally undervalued. They'll have monster earnings next quarter, will Wall St. care? Clueless.
XPEV NIO AND LI not gonna stop for a while.
unless youve worked for/with governmental institutions I don't think you really know how unwilling they are to integrate new tech into their systems or processes.

im not necessarily a palantir bull (might be after this earnings call...) but the fact that theyve signed so many governmental contracts is sort of wild. 

Once palantir has been integrated into fed systems they will *never* let it go.  then they can upcharge and sell whatever the fuck they want to em
It's hilarious how people get frenzied and spam this sub when their holding goes up but totally disappear when it drills 😂
Thanks to Pfizer, I took gains and now I’m cash gang waiting for this bitch to bleed out. I’ll buy the dip so hard.
Tomorrow is guaranteed to be another blood red day because it has to be blood red for me to lose money.
... pre market
I literally can’t see any reason for any tech stock to be green tomorrow. Covid rising at an insane amount and a vaccine being announced from moderna tomorrow (supposedly)
[removed]
you'll have to fight me for them
Not even Wallstreetbets euphoria can keep NIO down. Just watch out folks, at some point the music stops.
NIO 55-60 After earnings is already priced in
that's true
Qigong Jim had a young male padawan.
Am I too late to hop into this NIO bullshit?
I love you and keep being successful you dumb trap money whole

Dont let anyone stop you you greedy fucking slimebag piece of shit
You think it will crash at open?
they're otm and I sold em 😁
What was his strike do you know?
No lol I think we are going to have a massive red day in the next week or so I just don’t know when to buy the puts lol
Own 195 shares and wish I had more! Fuck a dip tomorrow, I'll YOLO the rest of my account into PLTRPLTRPLTR regardless.
Flat or down a bit to crush the call holders. Then slow move up to reward the shareholders. RKT 2.0.
Lmao Guy Adami *Save the elephants*
Retards last night kept spamming NIO and that shits up 12% today so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Explain that pls... gotta leave some ??
[deleted]
Hmm, "reasonably"... as in reason...or logic? So...they'll probably go higher?
Nobody knows how PLTR gonna move tomorrow. Stop saying your calls are saved or puts are fucked.
17th
They don’t earn. “So how much did you lose?” 
Them: “we earned xxx”
“But how much loss did you realize?
These retards really thought this shit company would all of a sudden make a profit after 17 years
Lol make up your mind pltr
PLTR IM SORRY FOR DOUBTING U BB
Go get your fucking shine box
VOO don’t that shit give you like 1/2% per month?
When is NIOo earnings?
Lord I hope so
Pltr about to have bagholders staring at the graph for another few hours
Peter Thiel is our new lord and savior. PLTR survived an AH bear market
right, and PLTR has $1.8bn in cash
That Xbox game pass tho lol
Of course, building armies is neat
NIO won't stop still it hits 694.20
Irrational
Uhh he kept the Fed at bay and let Cannabis businesses do their thing.... Wtf are you talking about?
Amazing revenue growth and even raised the guidance. Are you REALLY laughing out load or just being an edge master?
I didn't choose to be a 🌈🐻. I was born that way. I'm trying electro-bull therapy.
Just low volume. Wait until tomorrow. People who think PLTR is the next big thing buying up not realizing half of the work is defense/government ... meaning half of its evaluations should be the typical 8 -10 P/E ratio.
I did.. and bought some green one... they become red too
Some of us autists already have. I bought puts on Nio when it hit $49 today. 12/4 $45 Puts it's not a mistake yet lol
Solid... but theres still the us. Us will kill chinese economy to keep china in a state of beeing a semi-shithole country.
Yeah, it was red before the call started.  Thought maybe someone said something unexpected.
It’s just a phase
*We need less elephants and more antelope*

-PLTR
Peter Thiel: No x
Why wouldmyou sell condors on a volatile ass stock
Half of WSB doesn’t even know what an earnings call is
YESSS MY SHORT PLTR CALLS MIGHT BE SAVED WOOHOOO
Perhaps he adopted one of the wsb users that have been calling him Papa Bezos already?
thing is...PLTR shares are too worth...and broke kids on RH can buy tons of that shit and not worry too much since we got some new wars around the corner.
Yes, my friend. My dick is almost safe
Still good tho
What happened to the gme dude who refused to sell out when he was 2million up? Deepinvalue or something like that is his user nmae
You ruined it
Keep talking about PLTR so the algos can see and dip into oblivion and I’ll buy up all the shares
I've been trying this afternoon to research and see if NIO is in any way dependent on any of those companies for any part of the cars or the running of their business. Have come up empty.
PLTR is the next hype train
Gotta go pick up some honeywell stock.
Is there anywhere to chat that isn't flooded with thousands and thousands of comments stating the obvious about Palantir or Nio?
Chinese aren’t allowed to play the Robinhood video game
That’s a good thing when your stocks don’t get mentioned by this sub.
PLTR CHOOSE UP OR DOWN STOP MOVING
Whats that have to do with us rich ppl. Hmph peasants. Stonks will go up because rich get richer
RemindMe! 16 hours
Investors: “You have such big tendies, omg.”

Palantir: “That’s because you gave them to us.”
Did you have fun at least?
Im never playing on earnings again. The after hours price suggests that I'm fucked
No lol try again
Absolutely buy if you’re going long. My regret is not getting more leaps when it was 10 bucks. From it looks like we might even hold 14 after the bloodbath is over.
14.80, red.
[removed]
Lol why would anyone sell before earnings? Xpev had earnings and see what happened
Sold 11/13 30c's earlier this week. Oops.
SaaS so hot right now
NIO kid looking pretty good AH. Be nice to see 50 since it was robbed of it earlier.
Thanks you too with your positions. Its a small position so no biggie if it gets wiped
Running PMCC on it
Deep ITM will survive. ATM or NTM will get fucked
flat
I already do!!! AQUABOUNTY best stock ever
Duh
Saving all my paychecks to go all in on Airbnb once this shit IPOs
imagine wsb could ask questions on this call lmao
Live and learn, my man.
Sounds like free money. Puts
PLTR!! 🚀🚀🚀

Shorts gonna get burned tomorrow!
It’s bipolar asf
They now offer the cheapest fully fledged fully electric car in the U.S. K27 model is $10k after the federal tax credit that it qualifies for.
Being long on PLTR and LI is like having my portfolio going up and down -10% / +10% at each refresh lol
get that gay bear shit off the list.   here is what you really want 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWVc-xVZxho&ab_channel=VITAS
Got 1 more day trade tomorrow. 99% I’m rolling NIO again
It only missed so badly because of close to a billion in a one-time stonk fee associated with their DPO.  Working with Amazon, more contracts in the pipeline, 1.6b cash on hand.  They're in great shape imo, but I'm still new to a lot of the balance sheet analysis type stuff
NIO 11/13 67C
Game is old as hell
$LI is a goddamn monster
ayyyyyyyye
Fuck the chinese. There is only one super power in the world, the long green shrek dick of ‘Merica
SPY bigly \_\_\_\_\_\_ tomorrow
Except they're, you know, actually selling real cars that actually exist.
same with DIS yet we see the opposite
🔫 always has been
Mine went from -50% to +30% to +1% today, I'm thinking they'll print good tomorrow. You holding over the weekend? I think I might, not sure how greedy I'll be feeling yet.
Expected .03, actual minus .96. Turns green. As expected
estimate for first ever public quarter?  Wall Street estimate dude, not company projections

and they crushed apart from stock based compensation
Babyyyyy
What you going for? I’m going to use my gains to do 01/21 60c I think.
u/TheSocialMonitor "I heard [NIO just had the fastest track time](https://www.nio.com/news/nio-sets-new-record-fastest-autonomous-car-world) for autonomous driving. Nice."
Don't step in front of a blue sky bull train IMO
So when is Jpow going to do this and how do we help him do this?
How can you compare Etsy to pltr? They’re like night and day sector wise
I was hoping for a PLTR dip just to let go of my short term hedges...I still win anyways I guess... 🙂
So does this bet include AH or nah
Literally. My old MD texted me and is stoked lol
PLTR PLTR PLTR.

In PLTR We Trust. Make America Great Again plz
as long as they aren't yours, yes
Time to play some shadow of Mordor and count these pltr ah $$$
Fitting that his name is Jack Ma because he’s gonna force me to move back into Ma & Pa’s basement.
PLTR gap up tomorrow to $17-18
Is that profit? We don’t do that here..
[deleted]
Then why is their  crown jewel company BABA sucking
Yeah the late 30s single dude who lives downtown to me is the same class of dude as the guy who has the newish mustang and went to community college and dates highschool juniors. He saw that and thought "I'm gonna do that but legally and with roofies"
Had 11/13 30c I sold earlier this week. Made a profit but man I should've held. Live and learn.
Same
i have some litedoge, some 76M to be exact.
Baba bulltard here...I’m in danger
At least at Popeyes there’s zero expectation that you’ll actually do a good job.
NIO is going to dip because of Friday expiry. Hope you sold those 11/13 calls and moved them out to 11/20
Straddle is the way then lol
May the odds be in our favor 🤞🏼
[deleted]
Going to learn allll about that IV crush.
PLTR TO THE MOON!
Yeah, NIO is a little shit which just keeps on running up.
Wtf PLTR green now?
Unless you are already in the money
I sold NIO

NIO condors
RH will automatically sell it at a shitty market price.

If you're new to options you really need to understand that holding until expiration is a terrible thing. Unless you anticipate some insane price movement on the zero-day, just don't. The date is simply a single metric you should use in pricing your option, that's all.
Yeah. High risk, high reward. I don't think weeklies are really worth the stress though.
Hahahahajagaha 2023
I wish I was you
why is it stupid? I could probably make 10% a month selling TSLA puts, and worst case if I have to cover the shares then i have it on a great company.

Longing shares seems retarded when I can long shares AND sell puts
True. FSR hasn’t (not Chinese I know)
Or a market maker? IDK, but I think a MM would buy shares inside if they were short delta.
Yea we are only 1:20 since close we got a long way to go before 930 am.
Feels good not seeing everyone talking about LI so I can just reap in the tendies myself
[deleted]
Why kndi?
[deleted]
It isn’t going anywhere either lmao
I guess what im asking isbnb its still like shares right? You just hold? And you get trip gains? It just seems like an option that always prints eventually i dono
Shitpost
Good luck yo.
When t we jumping in front of the train of the Chinese Evs with puts? We all know rhymes are going to have a brutal day sometime soon lol
Karen & tight sweaters 🥰
Don’t mind NIO, casually going to 49 AH
They are big brother. That’s all I need to know
All will bow to the greatness of Tesla in time
Ah. Well. Inflation, right?
[deleted]
NIO doing the after hours climb!
So Chicago on lockdown again?
LOL

Hey now I make a mean margarita chicken.  The Colonial don't do half bad either.  Their wings though small used to be good.  Now they suck tho.
Fml. Held that forever and sold before close
Palantir just did a direct offering IPO and people are surprised at their cash reserves? Do you know how this works lol
Bought 5 $15 calls at 3:30pm. PLTR PLTR PLTR
For the love of god just dump the market there’s literally no more good news and most economies are looking pop poo
Watch NIO open up at 55 and wonder why I didn’t jump into calls on the once in a life time dip yesterday
my PLTR short puts boutta print 🍆💦💦
Yeah LI is almost doing it rn. 11% AH fucking hell.
Panic sold my two $15 call last week for $4k profit when they hit $38... holding 4 more calls and buying more in/at the money
they crushed apart from stock based compensation -- gotta support the talent
Don't know. I will short it around then. I know some that worked there that are pissed the company never made them wealthy like all the other companies that went public. They saw all of their friends becoming worth 3M -10M + overnight.
Don’t do anything unless you are her agent pursuant to a financial power of attorney.  Even then, I wouldn’t do it.  Give it to a broker to manage.
Yeah they actually dealt with juliane assange. Rude fuckers. Anyway Stock to the moon pls
Anybody playing TGT next week?
Or just sell the iv..
Shitcoin is mooning so SQ will moon too
Beat earnings = earnings baked in.  Less than expected loss = still growth potential left.
They're also probably sitting on a bunch of pirate jewels, Nazi gold, and classic baseball cards that the US government used to pay them off-the-books.
yesssirski.

Take a listen to the earnings call when you have the chance.  Improvements in many  areas. Not sure what the thesis of put option holders are.
Except NKLA has 0 product made, NIO and XPEV already sold cars..
PLTR dump at open me thinks
Fake and ban. Proof of demented grandmother
Sold my RKT calls when it hit 21.97 today and removed it from my list. Never again.
Like sell off on Friday ?
Before, during, and after.
“And we’re sending our love down the well.......”
OR we realize that while custom t shirts w my name on them are cool, big brother is the future and democrats love this ai war bullshit and that palantir will probably be a huge part of future econ
I'm not supporting the company at all. But I'm following the pump. It only makes sense.
Who is buying their shit
Mark PLTR down as another win for theta gang.
The entire loss was due to stock compensation. Meaningless number after an IPO. Smart money realized that and it’s flying after hours now. Huge revs and contracts.

EDIT: flying is a bit of an exaggeration, but it’s recovering nicely.
Reason why he didn't sell is the Same reason why the bitcorn people didn't sell at $2K back in early 2017 but held until it hit $20K.

Why settle for $2 million when you can get $10 million
When the fuck is NYMT gonna go back to at least 5 per share?
Sweet I'm in.
It is for now, but if you bought calls you need it to go up way higher or IV alone will ruin your chance at claiming tendies. Good luck autist
Aaaaand we are up in the green in the AH. Too funny. Short attention span bear boys can fuck off.
Eat shit you stupid retard idiot. I’ll let you know when they make money tomorrow
Lots of stocks have have fucked earnings and went up this pandemic
CSCO pop - somewhere there are some very happy boomers
Let it drop back down to 10 and I’ll load them again.
I attempt to trade the stock over the weekends via rh. I just set buy limit orders and sell limit orders.
Some Robinhood trader bc I saw it too
does anyone actually know wtf palantir actually does?  I saw their post on medium but it still doesnt make sense lmfao
they were expecting 0.02 per share.
that's beyond terrible. on top of that, they are sayingthe customer concentration is decreasing.
Moderna is releasing their result next week, be careful
Close to none lol
!remind me in 1 day
I will say this over and over and over again. PLTR is the future and you’re being given a slice of it for $15 share. Just buy the goddamn stock and watch as your great great grandsons college fund is paid for
Win or break even? I like the cut of your jib.
Mashmallow, they have almost 2 billion dollars in CASH , you gotta hold okie
This month is going to be a long battle between bears and bulls
I do my best
Have you guys actually looked into what PLTR does. Freaky shit.
I have NIO calls you little weasel
If everyone is selling Nio before ER next week, I will inverse and hold
enough cash to implement their systems into the main architecture of every government on earth

and people bet against this company
You are retarded. Go wipe ur Wife’s bf’s car
Thank god. Now if all the NIO chuds could shut up
except for when it does

like how it's below it's weekly high by over 10 pts lmao

Or when economic reality catches up
Sold my PLTR calls this morning.

Sold my PLTR puts this afternoon.

Idk maybe do that again.
Stop assuming you know anything and markets, finance, business, or the economy, because a statement like that just screams ignorance.

Even without a dividend, stock has value because it represents OWNERSHIP of a company. It represents current intrinsic value plus expected future value. Which means... if a COMPANY sells products and/or services and generates revenue doing so, then the firm has value which means the common stock representing ownership in a company also has value. And don't forget stock owners usually get voting rights as well. Having a say in who runs a company has value.

Investors will logically buy a stock without a dividend in anticipation that it will eventually pay out a dividend, be acquired,  or that the assets of the company can be liquidated and distributed among shareholders.

TLDR: You're a fucking brainlet. Go educate yourself.
Is jack Ma run over ? Or just halted for now
It has to fly another 200% before it becomes a meme stock on WSB
After ER week
Wheel is stupid. Better returns just holding shares unless you are timing the market.
[deleted]
Isn’t Qigong the Art of playing with a pair of balls
Lmfao. A company that was in the red for 12 years is still in the red now that they are public. Who would have figured
The market is somewhat unpredictable but when you enter and exit is not random. 

If you pick a pretty good entry point and a pretty good exit point you can do just fine.
Pray for ya boy 🙏🏾
Power E*Trade
Sometimes not even during market hours
This will print
PLTR missed EPS by 4800%, goes up on realization that it has more room for growth because they missed by so much
so glad sold PLTR when the markets opened ,going to dump that money to NIO now
Ditch this guys boyfriend’s boyfriend and marry my boyfriend’s dog
When the retard strength slows down. In the meantime, buy calls.
Hey
Lol PLTR options are at 400% IV. That IV crush will be painful if you're holding
What's that date?
If these Chinese EV Stocks make me rich I’m officially learning mandarin
I plan to get some on Monday. There's no earnings that can't reasonably justify this run up.
Ppl think since PLTR missed expectations it’s going down when it’s the opposite cause stonks never go up when they beat earnings.
yea but meme
[deleted]
I also bought a bunch of puts for after earnings, but I have a feeling it’s going to moon and finally break the “always inverse wsb” curse...
[deleted]
Nio is going to continue to rocket non stop and through earnings even higher
Sick lynx. 

But yeah, the pain is real. I daytraded NIO all last week thinking it was done pumping each time...hurts man
Keep shorting it then lol
I’m not even invested I’m just saying if you bought today, it’s still red lol
PLTR I don’t give a fuck how you spend your money as long as your stonks go up
Based on stock action in MRNA and CYRX at EOD, clearly signaling pre-market vaccine news from MRNA, and subsequent partnership with CYRX for low-termperature storage and distribution.

&#x200B;

GG
[deleted]
stfu
So delta is higher on leap calls. We buy short date cuz we poor / for the rush?
ya honestly fuck this game
Kandi looks kinda sus to me, worse vehicle than the big three and seems to be focusing on US sales? idk it's definitely more speculative, I'm just sticking with NIO XPEV LI personally
I think he mentioned decriminalizing weed. Which would do nothing for weed stocks
tell us your next move
AMGN is going to move tomorrow. Not sure which direction. But it be moovin
Easiest 10% gain of my life, HA
Sad part is I could have at minimum broke even if I held on another hour - lesson learned I suppose
For once, we’re the smartest people in the market
so they're still not profitable ?
4800%...crazy
Looks like you'll be skipping breakfast for a hot minute.
CSCO: I was right 🥳🥳🥳
2020 for you. Solid earnings means a dump, shit earnings usually means a pump.
Yeah something like that lol fuck it might be green lol but the Iv crush would probably save me it’s actually funny on the selling side you can be wrong and get saved 😂😂
CISCO is ripping; where’s that guy who posted that they were going deep on outs because of some dumb news article about them being beaten by competitors?
I believe it. It’s like the only one under a billion market cap
I knew I should have held. I dumped most of my shares expecting a tank and hoping to reload tomorrow morning at 13 or even 12.

At least I made a profit..but I'm probably gonna FOMO and buy more at 15
shit palantir has 2 billion in cash? the fuckkkkkk
Sales/revenue up, EPS in the shitter. The small green bump could just be people buying the dip.
relax bud... you're gonna be fine
>Dude he doesn't look 'creepy', He's a tech guy that out-smarted everyone and because you and others are jealous you call him 'creepy'
Pretty sure somebody here bought the wrong calls.  Anybody wanna fess up?
Since when did we start caring about EPS?
notice nobody talks about GME anymore lmao

just did a search, 0 results.
It keeps me out of trouble. Only difference is you need to watch and make sure you don't churn through the available cash that's in sweep - as you can get a good faith violation for that.
[deleted]
Picked up 5 $15 calls at 3:30pm. PLTR and the moon gon be real intimate here real soon.
What's your limit order gonna be? I had mine around 12.5 but may go lower even and play this patient as hell
China No1
ZM
I mean it’s really not that complicated. Everyone knew they were going to report a loss so it wouldn’t cause a tanking unless it was significantly worse then expected
was also AMZN's strategy, don't forget
Can I get a Doug score on a NIO?
I don’t know, check the charts
Get on the NIO train. Once you’re aboard we can finally send it over a cliff.
Don’t know how the recovery sector doesn’t take a beating next week with new cases, fading stimulus, political uncertainty, and recent unwarranted price spikes
Ok? It’s green AH. I’m sorry if you bought FD’s buddy but they’re called FD’s for a reason. 150% beat, the stock is going to go up over time.
There will always be another NIO
It might check out 55 soon
A highly technical, yet thoroughly accessible explanation. Well done.
Music to my ears
When do we buy puts on NIO?
So you think we are going lower tomrrow? If so, how low? I was looking to make a daytrade with spy puts and was waiting for the spy to hit 350.75 before it bounced. It hit 351.50 and bounced and I didn't sell. I have 30 347 puts for tomorrow. Am I fucked? Because I think I am. Although DIS cutting its dividend could help me out.
These Chinese EV stonks starting to look a lot like NKLA in June lol 😆
So many reasons not to bet against it and yet this sub can’t see a gold mine when hit around the head with it every day. Baffling
Is -$0.96 good?
It's up ah 3%. There's a ongoing webcast now
[deleted]
If XPEV had great earnings, imagine how great NIO earnings will be..
Earning reported -.94
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/rubens33 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They missed earnings by .96, doubt that.
The goal of rolling your options is simply to lock in your profits and take a new bet at a lower price. The downside: you're selling a low IV option, which is now so deep in the money that you're getting only the share price movement.  
By buying the 60$ options, you're going to raise your breakeven price to like 64$. For you to start making money, it either needs to continue big daily moves, keeping IV high and possibly run above 60$+. Where-as your 15$ options move up based on share price mainly. If the shares move up 5$, those 15$ options will move by 5$ as well. The 60$ contract might only move up by like 2$ or 3$.  
The upside: you're reducing your capital at risk, so the maximum loss is smaller.  


Option 2: you roll it over into a higher strike while rolling ALL the money.  
Ex: you made 20k in profits on a 5k investment, sell the options for a total of 25k and buy 25k of the new options.  
It's autistic, but if it moons, you'll make exponentially more money.
It's only good if you're part of the tribe and even then it devolves to game of thrones shit quickly
Got a Double Quarter Pounder at McDonald's today when I cashed out @ $26k, not the $100k I was hoping for but not bad
spy finished up .7%, QQQ 2%: this is fine! nice retrace, bull market!

spy down 1%, QQQ down .4%: ITS HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EARTH'S FUCKING CORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dude I work at Google. We do things better. Their code base is shit. They targeted government/defense because it is low hanging fruit. If you seen the quality of software defense/government uses it is laughable compared to big tech. Their AI is far behind Google's.
Lol 

PLTR expected EPS: 0.02

PLTR actual EPS: -0.94

Is now rallying back up to close.
You'll be surprised.
14
Goddamn you gotta admire PLTR's retarded strength. Missing estimate by 4800% and still staying green. That's impressive af
U smaht
Never bet against China
I'd either buy an 11/20 call and sell before er or I'd buy a 12/24c a few days after earnings and hold it.
Bear in the Big Blue House
If it's anywhere near $13 tomorrow should I load up on shares?
To be clear that’s only a recent thing.  The last month or two with the recent volatility.
Stonks only go up. AH up 5%
Damn you got money huh
Remember the market cap. It's already valued around 20B.
No clue. Anyone attempting to answer that question is a liar or an idiot.

Not even Warren Buffet knows what a stock will do minute by minute.

If I had to guess? A fearful sell off in the morning followed by a rally.

However, at the time of posting PLTR is now green in AH which pretty roflmao. So who knows.
Everything’s a good bet until you don’t make money
My SPY 400c is going to print 🤑
SPY is up ah...
Naaa we get 14.5 dude.
KNDI and BYND for me

Been slowly putting money into stuff that has business in other countries as america's cases of rona explode through the roof
This is going to be a moving target for sure. Going to be interesting to see how it plays out.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Palantards getting slaughtered tomorrow
I’m imagining a small kid’s pool full of money, and me laying back wearing snorkel gear.
I sold early today 😎
Skyrocket imo. Look how it performed today when xpev announced their earnings
Slow fade I hope but really there isn’t enough historical data to base any of this on. Definitely buying in again on a bigger dip
🤡
so bullish! COULD HAVE BEEN 48,000%!!!
[removed]
Covid be like I'll be right over bro.
Im so fucked with PLTR :/

Positions: short Dec11 $15C
Made some nice gains on Plug calls this week. Got cocky and bought around $10k worth of Xpev calls when it was already up about 43% on the day - like an absolute moron. Hands down the biggest play I’ve ever made.

As soon as I bought it started dropping and I sold for an almost $3k loss. Sad part is if I would have held I coulda made most if not all my money back. Never watched a ticker as intently as I did today. Not sure if I loved it or hated it - jk I loved it... except for the loss of course.
Anything is possible. Just gotta wait until the news comes fear mongering about lockdowns and the rona.
Consoles. There was a line-up at my EB games, and Microsoft said it was their biggest console launch ever.
SOLO taking off
PLTR has adopted UBER’s strategy of growth with expanding losses. 

Costs money to lose money I guess.
I definitely think you’ll be able to get ITM on that
F
But it doesnt
Thank you
NIO puts and then put her in a home
Yesth
Sucker
Nah.. it's to support my meth addiction
Yea at most places in nyc
Fuck this is good
I wanted to and hesitated at $39 and I regret I didn’t yolo $17k at the time into it
big dick thiel
10% of the voting public were sent to siberia for "re-education" immediately after.
Rip my pltr calls.
HAVE BOTH
Betting against Palantir is the dumbest shit in the world
Thank
AYRO and SOLO are the next NIO?
If mods don’t ban you go buy a lotto ticket
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$48**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-05-21**|**$14.2**|**$48.3**|**253**|**108**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfeb068eftm0770te00w292) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/flabbylama/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
I’m still alive but I’m barely breathing
It is
Apple almost always goes up like 1-2% overnight and then immediately plummets to red at market open. If you can get out in like the first 30 seconds of the bell it can work but if not it usually recovers by midday.
That's what I'm saying is NIO all hype - but I really honestly don't think it is

wish I held my call
Palantir 50 eoy confirmed
Lockdowns coming in hot and Lyft/Uber ended day green, puts are free money
Market is red but wsb is green lmao
idc wtf y’all say, VIX spiking makes me horny
[deleted]
Yeah .. i'm surprised more people don't buy in. I hold a lot of the dgro etf and its part of the holdings. I'm playing a handful of 85c calendar spreads 12/18-1/21
18-19 tomorrow
[deleted]
Or more than likely a hedge.
[deleted]
Can’t stand him. Jordan is the 🐐
Hear me out. I know it's a shit stock. But YOLO on SOLO. The volume was insane today and it's going to get pumped...
Hmm ok I’ll hold. I’m intrigued
If only it were true.  Infinity is pretty good I heard.
[deleted]
Also, lockup.  But after that, bullish.
Anybody listening in on the call know why?
Lululemon look juicy
Guys!!! I got my iPhone 12 pro, but it’s shaped like a banana and won’t stop vibrating. Think I should ask my mom if we can return it for another?
because earnings report was a thing of beauty and this is a once in a generation company
130s
Completely agree with you. My portfolio was bleeding on Monday and Tuesday because of Vaccine news (Except for some DAL, CNK, GPS, KSS that I had and sold on Monday for this exact event). I have watched it come roaring back the last two days. 

There is also huge money being made on over-reaction to the market. Making great money riding ZM back up the last day or two. Sold at the peak today for 51% in 2 days. Easy money. Not holding overnight as I have no idea what it may do tomorrow.
RIP to that lovable lemur
You sure about that?
You're getting downvoted cuz your a turd
I miss you Elon
This stock is insane.
Bro I wanted to get puts on Disney at 143 tmmrw dang it
[removed]
Pltr bipolar af
Wait and buy in January imo
😂😂
I know how you can make it all back.  Give us your final play.  All of WSB will inverse you and donate tendies.  God bless, retard.
pltr going back to $13 😪
Im long on SOLO but god damn are they fucking ugly, if i see you pulling up in one of these im slashing your tires
Sir, Where can I find this announcement?
what conference call. Nevermind, I'm dumb.
Love to hear that, let’s get wrecked together or hit a 10 bagger. No in-between
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/flabbylama don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because if qqq go downsies tqqq goes downsies more
All stocks go down. Just for one day. Maybe even just the first hour out of the day and I’ll be happy.
Because Daddy Thiel said so. Also who the fuck bets against Big Data and government spying
do you even know what they do? defense oriented my ass. they just integrate different databases and visualize it with cool colors. believe it or not, visualization/data gathering/ data storing and making that data meaningful for user(again with cool graphs and colors) is a hard thing to do and it is really profitable when done right. all that other ml/ai bullshit would be cherry on top you dont even need that to make a good profit.
I need 6k to get my life together, congrats you autist, just buy nio
Employees will dump the hell out of this next year to invest in better companies LOL. Many were hoping for big paydays that never came. Some were desperate enough to sell shares before the direct listing at under $5!
not too late to jump in.
>$17 x2 doses

= $34. You really are fucking dense aren't you. and if you meant $17 for both, then you're dense AND talking out of your ass about the stated price.

Pfizer is going to roll it out to the countries that are paying a premium for them, as is typical with standard supply and demand. Probably Germany prioritized because of funding.

And yes, you are correct about the drop of Pfizer stock after the split. Not before. To call the vaccine news spike on Monday standard market "rotations" is absolutely naïve and I regret giving anything you said any credence at all. You're so damn smart that you are able to spot insider trading for a mile away? Bullshit. a hindsight 20/20 trader,

My account looked pretty fucking good when I sold the SAME FUCKING PFIZER CALLS on Monday for +250%, which I'm back in for. Check post history, cuz there's only like 4 of them. I'm not gonna dig through your comment history for source links that you aren't confident enough to provide yourself, because they must be worthless. You don't want the people around you to win, and that fucking sucks. If it was real and good, you'd be itching to tell everyone about it.

Listen, I hope things go well for you on GILD, but Pfizer will spike. full permission for a told you so if it doesn't.
CHYNA TESLA BRO.  THESE KIDS TRYNA GET THAT 10 CENT APPLE STONKS
NIO still gonna be a good hold I think — I’m holding a NIO leap too. I think it’s possibly the most sturdy of these companies
You think you will catch NIO snoozing after it hits ATHs, so you buy a couple ATM puts. The issue is... this mf never sleeps
I just hope this is faked.... for your sake man...
It's tagged as a shitpost, so yeah. Pretty sure OP knows that.
All blue skies until nio day
That’s what everyone thought 4 months ago, i got burned on SLV
QQQ
Thank you.
That’s fair. Tech stocks never make any sense
[deleted]
I don’t get the hate for Lauren Sanchez. She’s a good looking lady.
Yea but who’s investing?
NIO or GME. Then get her a golden walker.
no
PLTR BACK UP TO THE MOON BOYS
I've rode in taxis in Havana, Cuba and anyone that weighs their options between old communist death-boxes and even older American classics will say no to the communism pretty quickly.
Hell yeah man! Enjoy your profits
Wait until higher In the money it’s going to continue running tommorow
[deleted]
This guy should have a Luckin Coffee in each hand.
Same. Today was alright for me but I fucked up big panic selling early this week
It's impressive if even out of sheer probability....
That would be beautiful, but theta may eat my ass I need spy to open below 347 to get out. Such a risky fucking trade. Should have been more trigger happy late in the day
Rotation would happen again right
Holy shit haha this is crazy bro
Yes. The *low* is 44.
Guess I better load up on kandi too
Meme stocks go up.

Boomer stocks go down.
Call me a retard too, sold at a slight loss cause I’m an idiot. It’s already above what my initial cost was 🤡
Looks like it’s coming back? If this gets back to $15-16 haha there is going to be a frenzy of people offloading their puts at open. Glad I won’t be one of them.
which big tech stocks most often go up overnight?
Im about to get my haircut why pltr rising from the ded?
It’s 1.50 below open today fool
Tests are free?
bro they just said it on the call
It’s tempting af dude I get it. I desperately wanna hold my calls through earnings for Nio too. It’s up to you. I personally think LI will do an Xpeng
Teach me. Or link me.
[deleted]
Are you seriously this smooth brained?
Same brain, i desire more
Same, want that sweet 51
Everybody gonna dump NIO and buy PLTR tomorrow
MY GOD
PLTR back at $15
Fuck this meme is A1
I hate this company. IT is a POS. Even employees do not want the POS shares and want to invest in better companies!
LMAO!   


Palantir AH briefly flashed up 3% then seconds later back down 3%.   


Wild.
W. sold
Can someone explain to me why tqqq isnt free money
PLTR is back from the grave. Now I just need CISCO to do the opposite and tank the rest of the night.
Nope
LI and PLTR AH news is music to my ears
Y’all some really dumb mfs if you sold Pltr today lmao
Zaboomafo was my favorite show as a kid...dang time flies
Well both stocks acted similar since they're both Chinese car stocks. When earnings were announced pre market, they both boomed. I think the same will happen when Nio announce their earnings. You think their stuff is priced in already even with having more sales?
thank you for this! Reading it now and it's extremely informative!
GOD DAMN wow I thought my 3k in PLTR calls were done after -8% AH initially
What happens if I hold till the expiration date? And I dont have enough money to exercise it and buy the stocks?
Wait the average price target for nio is $160 wtf?
Hold tight fellow rocketeers, Jay Farner and Uncle Danny G are locked and loaded with plenty of ammo to fuck the 🩳’s now
PLTR, raises guidance and landed major contracts. 15 new deals with at least $5mil or more in value. Big ones include $91 mil deal with US Army and $36 mil deal with NIH. $300 mil deal with aerospace company.

This is why its bouncing back
I am legit depressed now fuck this game
No, it’s not.
😘

Imma load some COVID puts on em soon tho
Imagine being a bear for any Chinese EV company right now. Its the equivalent of being constantly fucked in the ass three months in a row hoping that one day you won't be so you can claim you're "straight"
I would like to apologize to pltr for all the horrible things I said in the last hour
Yeah I am just going to wait for it to pull back under 3 or smt
PLTR talks going well
either $1 or $100 but nowhere in between
[deleted]
I remember the hype back in May. The leaps would’ve been so cheap
Could also be the cancer vaccine...
Very likely
Got a 13.50 print for PLTR lets go!
it's easily going to join 45+ gang, their SUV sold 8k more than NIO in October based on insurance registrations. it's a cheaper hybrid car focused on rural areas where there are fewer charging stations. worst vehicle but different market, all 3 will be winning long term
Palantir is to data management what Salesforce is to customer relation management.

Palantir will be Salesforce except with the backing of huge government contracts.
That should give you some insight on where this is going.
These PLTR fuckers got cash on hand.. ruh rohhh.. who cares about negative EPS if you got cash to cover
Peter Thiel, head of the PayPal Mafia and founder of Palantir and now your new over lord
lol if pltr doesnt hit 17$ you guys are all going to learn about iv crush
Li and xpev mooning and smashing earnings bodes VERY well for NIO. I see us reaching 60 next week
need more NIO calls tmr, sold most td for hella profit
PLTR up now ah? Don't give me hope
It’s still red
wouldnt get too excited. its about to double top then die
Its now up! Emotional rollercoaster
Savage
Dang whats PLTR gonna open at tomorrow?
Ahh. Makes sense when you put it that way.
[deleted]
*Papa
Raise your hand if you panic sold NIO like a zaboomafo
Ok now it’s up in AA. People just buying that dip? Does this shit ever make sense? FUCK
I will tell you when it's safe to buy
you son of a bitch
[deleted]
🤡
Check again
Do I look like a liar
I've been told I don't explain my financial strategies well to others.  I think it makes sense but a lot of people's eyes glaze over.
At this point that's a smart move. Always inverse yourself.
Lol once you start reading balance sheets you’ll stop investing in Chinese companies.
Feb. Employees were willing to sell at under $5 before the direct listing. They want to invest in better companies LMAO.
GO pltr
dear diary today PLTR hit my stop loss. I didn't think evil could go broke
It’s swinging to a green open! Wild
Wow PLTR came back!
Fucken better. Christ.
[removed]
Father Thiel
Damn dude, at least they’re shares im guessing
It’s ok I had 30 call for 2023 and sold like 2 weeks ago
Well that was a disappointing earnings run up for DKNG.
like I said earlier, it is going to open within 2-3% of where it closed to fuck all the 11/13 option holders
If he’s posting here, those calls will likely be expiring tomorrow
I was wrong about PLTR! Happy to see it. Congrats you fuckers, I didn’t have the balls to buy calls.
Lmfao dis and pltr trading places, how the turns have tabled
The Palantir, the all-seeing eye of ~~Sauron~~ Peter Thiel
Spy Kids win motherfuckers lmao PLTR bears
Wish I had of known, would of got some calls instead of NIO calls 😳
Finally took profit for the first time without losing it lmao. Feels good
I'm probably still going to get IV fucked on my PLTR positions, but their loss was from stock compensation and doesn't really paint a clear picture of why you would or would not invest with them. From what I've read their platform is pretty game changing but we shall see.
Can you buy options AH in Robinhood?
[deleted]
You will get fucked hard. This is a meme stock now
I bought at 10.20 and my Jan 2021 and Jan 2022 calls doing fine. Sold some 20’s, 17’s and whatnot over the last week, making some okay money tomorrow when they expire worthless. Then I resell some more and use it to buy more leaps
[deleted]
its gone up! I'm gonna be sick tomorrow.
[deleted]
Of course! Well see what happens tomorrow...so far it's rebounded AH
deleted and reposted
[deleted]
If alive to tell.
Unity is probably the second most overvalued ipo right after pltr. 4 months ago their valuation was 6 billion. I can understand 12 billion valuation but current price is bullshit
[deleted]
I would never come
On this site again lol
PLTR HYPEEEEEE GET IN HEREEEE
Oh YEah... Shrek luvs PLTR
[deleted]
Let me try to pump the stock in peace jesus
You betcha
LMAO
I’m stealing this.
Lol it’s red as fuck. What are you smoking
Keep averaging when it eventually dips
sold moments after the screenshot bud
Li shares
When is this lifted?
PLTR at $15
FUCK ALL U PLTR HATERS
And she's a mango. Odd looking fucker
Lol u did
AH is green brother 🔥💰🎉
LI rising is actually fucking pissing me off. and i have no skin in the game on it. 12% in one hour after hours?!
You don’t need 17 hours bro.
I thought puts before earnings was the rational and intelligent move, which is why I bought calls
Peloton teams up with Beyoncé big tits.
[deleted]
i did! we good
Hahahaha pltr w an ungodly comeback
PLTR with the fake out

Pumpp
if this was true palantir would moon to 24
But but triple top ☹️
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/pkang21 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You said it yourself. This is a growth stock, short term windfalls will be overlooked.
Monday*
[removed]
u/TheSocialMonitor "I heard [NIO just had the fastest track time](https://www.nio.com/news/nio-sets-new-record-fastest-autonomous-car-world) for autonomous driving. Nice."
PLTR: the rumors of my death were greatly exaggerated
Me too comrade
Lol palantir did rise on earnings but everyone who bought before close got crushed on the 8% drop and then iv crush will finish everyone
And I just read SQ is buying $1billion Palantirs to hold on their balance sheet
facts yo
Stock is heading back up now that the panic sell is over. This stock has great smart people money reasons to buy.
got leaps bruv
Ahh now we know why it went +50% the last week. Who would know that they have these partnerships? Insiders? Naaaaahhh fam
All the DD you need
Honestly, I might have to YOLO on SLV. I just don’t see a scenario where metals don’t go up over the next 6 months.
There's still money to be made. Yes sadly it's much more expensive.
Set a limit for PLTR shares at 15 this morning thinking it wouldn't hit.

Was already looking forward to averaging down lol
LMAO. Amazon has better engineer and talent. Apple hate PLTR. Google does too. they don't even want to do the work because it is beneath them.

&#x200B;

PLTR is the POS of software. It is why they go after primarily government/defense because they buy shitting software.
Chinas auto sales are growing quickly, and so is their middle class. The Chinese government has made it difficult and expensive to own ICE vehicles. Is nio overvalued? Definitely but so is every other EV maker outside of NKLA.
[deleted]
They’re super quick and free now, so I get one pretty regularly. Usually get one before and after leaving the state
Lmao the mouse said fuck you, you ain't getting divi tendies
NIO calls to stop being a sorry ass loser
PLTR: Call an ambulance. But not for me
AH is green 💰
oh fuck big daddy thiel.  oh my god

&#x200B;

BIG

DICK

THIEL

&#x200B;

DADDDDDDDY THANK YOU DADDDY DADDDDDDDDDY
You’re going to Harvard son
no it doesnt stop lying
[deleted]
MRNA releasing vaccine news premarket tomorrow, someone bought 1 mil of 95c expiring tomorrow
hemorrhaging cash, still getting gvmt contracts
Go ahead and keep yappin bout NIO shit might be a meme but we really making money out here 🗣
PLTR providing strategic technology architecture to Jesus Christ.
I didn't buy 🙂
Lmfaoooooo
I sold before close
Portion off the amount she needs for the next two years, set that aside in something safe; a shitty CD is about all you can do there right now.

Take the rest and throw it a vanguard s&p500 ETF. Talk it through with the rest of the family first; then they're complicit if it all goes tits up.

j/k buy NKLA/AMC calls.
DIS fading.
Bro get out while you still can. Join the bull gang 😤 💪
NIO 12/24 $65c a decent bet? Sell before ER on Tuesday?
Palantir making moves Sauron middle earth style
Me too...more 35c than I care to share
Who?
You know I wasn't sure until I saw all caps and rockets
Just hold mashmallow...it will go up , take some time.
I've never seen "this call is full" before.
You’re welcome
Depends what your call is, I think you’ll be ok-ish
💩c o i n only go up

I wish I put more than $5 k on that pump and dump coin
Buying PLTR at open. Damn what a beast company.
On it. Love it. Its pumping!
Imagine being Jeff Bezos’s son wtf
[removed]
www.loser.com
i know nothing abt them. just feel could have a sympathy run up to their cousins xpev,nio n li.
Bearish on PLTR in the short term. Their losses have significantly widened, and the revenue growth does not justify this valuation. Dump and buy again at $12-13 because it’s a good stock for the long term.
Wowww - this is a $25B company...? with $1.0B in REVENUE operating at a significant loss... 

..sounds like it's headed for the moon!
i like the red color scheme too
[deleted]
short it
Tomorrow PM
PLTR RIPPY ON THA DIPPY 😳👩‍❤️‍💋‍👨✊🥵💦😡🚨👀🦄🤡🥰😭😖
Diamond hands is a tough play, you can see you cash just slowly leaving lol.
Yeah I'm not looking forward to going back to coddling China. Why can't that shit be bipartisan. Let's cut ties with China and focus those resources and alliance efforts into india.
Puts*
[deleted]
u ever been to cuba?
Fr tho, I live in the middle of the country and people every day wanna buy Disney tix. No joke.
As major cities close back down amid the winter spike?
Fuck you Sony! If I would get the ps5 it wouldn’t cost me as much money as playing in the markets!
It was building solid support after going up over 75 today and coiling in the afternoon. With the TiK Tok announcement today it’s in the stars. I wouldn’t be surprised if it goes up to 80 tomorrow and then it doesn’t have a ton of resistance from there
Who’s this chick on CNBC. Her eyebrows look weird af
PLTR waking up from the death lol
Disney drilling. PLTR recovering.
[removed]
Rise Palantir rise all seeing eye!!
organic growth
Check out this guys comment history.  It's beautiful really.  He had -1k downvotes in one COMMENT lol.  

This is either a phenomenal troll, and an extremely troubled old man
You mean homeboy that’s been there literally 3 days?
Xpev is at 44 bithcesssss :)
[deleted]
The profit taking will be glorious
There's plenty of cities in the US where you can get a 4 bedroom house for below $200k.  They're just not cities on the coasts or major tech hubs or big midwestern industrial cities.  Check out the Zillow for Steven's Point Wisconsin and you can find plenty of spacious colonials with forested half-acres in the 200k range.
its bullish everyday unless its a -5% day
Yes. We could get bigly fucked
fair enough
Holy shit called it
ITS GREEN
this is the fucking way.
Their earnings were good but misses on EPS from some unique spends. Initial dump but I'm sure once it was fully digested there was buy in.
$.05
Fuck li seems priced in but it also seems it wants to join the $45+ gang. Also out of all 3 of them li is actually the worst vehicle, yall retards probably haven’t even seen any of their vehicles
Bro, YOu aint kidding. It's like Ross Gueller did it
This is the way!!!!
Thank you so much for taking the time to eli5 I greatly appreciate you taking the time to write this out :) so glad the -$50,000 scenario isn't happening hahah - always thought playing this game was the equivalent of burning your life savings at a casino in Las Vegas like a boomer, but I will smarten up!
She's falling back to eartth!
so im playing catchup to the call and im pretty sure they said "covid covid covid covid" like a million times in the first 10 minutes
Nobody cares about the American people. Why would you expect politicians to be an exception?
Sir this is a casino
YOUR ARE WELCOME
that half a percent intraday move will wipe out all the overleveraged FD's. and it wont effect me at all because i don't have a position.


It happens with every memeshill stock, MU/TLRY/PRPL/ACB and now NIO :)
You qualify for futures trading, you should sign up, buy and forget!
Buy the morning dip
CNBC
BULL MARKET
no
Hmmm.. Got my house for 300k 2 years ago. Nice suburb right outside a major city. 3k sq ft too. The only pricing issues I've seen is if you want to live smack dab in the middle of a major city which I get every 20 something retard wants to do.
PALANTIR HAS A PARTERNSHIP WITH BERKSHIRE AND AMAZON AND APPLE AND GOOGLE AND TESLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Not sure, it's the Sea Dream 1
https://youtu.be/dgF21S7FyB8
fuck you elon and hello li bin
Damn you’re a sad pathetic bitch of a bear
Limit up tonight for sure
Are you winning dad
DIS and PLTR gonna do the old switcheroo.
What is it on?
Thanks
Just curious.. why don’t you guys want to try communism? Their propaganda from the 70s-90s looks cool
Pltr bears recorking their champagne bottles
Imagine being so much of an autist that you bet against big dick Thiel. What the hell did you expect to happen
Dude u cuda bought in last week
tomorrow we might see $18-19
You’re right. I think it was 4.3% implied move. Everybody’s fucked.
Derivate made from options you dummie
Where is this vaccine rally I keep reading about
What’s the target buy price on that?
Anybody else saw news on NIO breaking monthly record sales?
Low volume... when Employees lock up ends they will GTFO into better stocks. Employees were willing to sell at under $5 in july/august before DL.
Make sure and let me know how that works out
is 130k$ of margin good enough money to make a solid income off off theta gang. looking at doing the wheel strat
If it can get back enough to absorb another 6-8% dump tomorrow and STILL be $13+ that’s amazing. I though this may go all the way back to 9-10$ but I don’t think so. People see the potential and Will be piling on.
[deleted]
$UBER will be $50 + EOM.
https://youtu.be/dgF21S7FyB8
PLTR going open at 17 tomorrow or even 18.
Did I hear that right? DIS no theatrical releases through Q1? Last year Q1 released Star Wars and Frozen 2. Cinemas gonna die by Valentines.
But imagine if NIO just fucked around and spiked 20% tomorrow 😳😳
Oh god
Playing earnings on just about anything is completely pointless now.  They either don't do anything, or spike in some random and totally unpredictable direction, and then even drift back to where they started.
Lmao PLTR puts dude premature celebration
IV crush is gonna fuck everyone
But only like 5% of shares are publicly traded
First time SPY touched the 5EMA since 11/04.
Mango has half the country believing the virus fake. They probably are chomping.
This woman’s make up... jfc
Gme
Yeah it’s kind of flattening but Li Auto earnings is tomorrow and I will be watching it very carefully but I am afraid of the options cause that shit is really high risk.
Hooker n drugs?
I heard it was bull.
Teach me to read/understand a Balance Sheet, no really.

This has been too easy betting on Chinese cars this last week and now sold - want to quit my job...  

I need a link to a PDF or video.. WTF am I doing.
Looks like I'm gonna fomo into nio leaps tomorrow fuck
Ugh why can’t it just go straight down. Wtf was that last hour
NIO is partnering with another car manufacturer to build an electric car for the masses:  https://www.electrive.com/2020/04/15/cag-nio-launch-the-first-bev-in-the-hycan-brand/
No lol
[deleted]
"something safe"

You're in the wrong place for that.  Try r/investing
The problem is that it grows as I get closer to expirey
Anything interstellar about that?! It looks decently cheap?&
Everyone here is saying a big red dump is coming tommorow. That means in buying as many calls as i can.
China ev bubble might end up being like a 2017 shitcoin situation
Put it into large cap etfs.
Buy gme
just a warning that I am always wrong
Hey man we can’t say that! Or we are cancelled 😮
420.69 tomorrow.
Am I the only person here who fucking hates NIO because they didnt buy in this summer? I hope it crashes and burns.
Happens quite a bit. Folks sell the 'news' at the beginning of the event or when the numbers release, but folks listening to the call BTFD.
Boomers
Explain
Imagine getting yelled at by crackheads all day because you won't give them their suboxone early. Or their Dr never sends in their Rx so they sit in the waiting area screeching about how we're denying them their meds. People are just fucking retards. It's worth the paycheck, but barely.
What the heck are you looking at
Real triple tops play out over longer time frames. Some gay bears are retarded just like some Chad bulls.
I hope so. Holding a $16 call exp 5/21...
You don’t think it will correct back towards 40?
CAN 
IT
GO
ALL
THE
WAAAAAYYY
PLTR is hanging in there
PLTR call going well, jump on that shit and let’s go to the moon 🚀🚀
PLTR rising like the second coming of Christ
Peter Thiel tends to gay up the place a bit too much
Its too gd bullish in WSB lately. You know what that means.
I bought a Jan 145C today. I didn’t say you were making a bad play....the only reason it jumped after hours is the 70+ million dis + subscribers. Same thing as I said, jumped on dis + but financials sucked again.

Also you didn’t give it much time, hope it holds up tomorrow bc the only positive in the entire call is the dis +
If only i had a couple for 0's on my portfolio
No way lol the one people were going in for free??
lol true
My friend tried to drag me into amazon at $280 when I had the cash to get a pretty sizeable chunk.....oh well can't get it now.
Anyone knows why we pumped at the end? Had to get me some food
Can we make this the first post always MODS!!!
You've lost over 1.8 million dollars holding this. Either you are already a millionaire and it doesn't matter or ... yeah, I can't think of an alternative.
Fuck yeah
Don't ever use the word smart with me
Stoppppp
NIO
Theres still NKLA
**BER R FUK**

&#x200B;

I should get this as a tattoo
125
Because nobody cares what paint/wrap is on it. The other half the sentence is the point....this isn't their vehicle!
I hope the Chinese military don't drive NIO tanks lol
Sigh I celebrated too early, not sleeping tonight..
Jamie pull that up
Porque no los dos?
PLTR announce partnership with Space Force. To the MOOOOON!!
In hindsight i should've thrown more on Li, it's already up 14% afterhours with earnings tomorrow premarket. Hopefully it hits with NIO approaching as well..
LI 13% now? I’m gonna cum
Man this PLTR shit is so lame.
[deleted]
$PLTR to 20, baby!!!
glitch
Whoever is listening to PLTR earnings call.... BULL GANG UNITE
Cashing out at $19?
Same chance that they only had 30 covid cases yesterday
THIS GUY TAS
PLTR has a partnership with amazon
Peter Thiel > Elon Musk
No wait for the employee lock up. Employees are desperate to sell.
[deleted]
US healthcare system literally on the brink of being overrun.
Got me twice before
i agree, but what do you expect from the autists of wsb
Agree.. The volatility works pretty well with shares, just need patience for a week or two. hope it keeps oscillating 11-15
69.420
Bc retards bet against big dick Thiel so he’s coming to avenge their moves
i've honestly never seen a stock drop 8% off of an ER release and then recover during a conference call... this is sorta crazy from PLTR
Theta gang win
Should have bought SPY calls before close
They say triple top I say bull flag @ me
Could go either way at this point. Not sure. Definitely not as clear cut as I thought. Despite an insane revenue beat, they made questionable stock comp decisions
This isn't entirely true; they'll sell sometime 12:30-4 it it's ITM and you don't have the cash to exercise. They will exercise at expiration or let expire worthless otherwise.

You can also prevent the ITM sale by constantly putting up a sell order (something like every 15 minutes or so?).
you wish. buy puts. 

- jpow
Heed my advice you tards lest you eat ramen for life.

Get out of the recovery plays. Overbought and rona gonna hit hard this winter. Buy them again at Dec/Jan lows for the spring/vaccine.

Play china stocks. Beaten down and rona proof. BABA long dated calls and/or CWEB.
Inovio pharma is not NIO...
$ARCC, dividend annually and consistently 10%
anxiety through the rough now
Bouncing back real strong too💦
Selling naked calls is wise strategy
BEARS R FUK
well...white lives matter too...?
You have to wait for funds to clear. But it works well. Idk why more people dont use it
wtf spy acting goofy rn
LOL THIS IS AMAZING
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**Peloton** Interactive (PTON +0.4%) tells customers that delivery times are still longer than usual **due to heavy demand** for its products. New customers are being offered complimentary access to the **Peloton** App until their Bike or Bike+ is delivered.

skipping black friday deals due to above - s33kingalpha
Good call
Disney 145 at open.
RIP Chicago Thanksgiving. Status: Cancel
[deleted]
Spite move to tank the market as he leaves
Seems like a dumb idea to yolo the rest of grandmas money but with that said buy NIO!!!
Bears getting deboned
Looks like LI FDs were the way
Fuk Cuomo, only reason I was looking forward to lockdown is that my spy puts print but guess what?! This mofo of SPY, jumped from 351 to 353 on a fuking lockdown news?!
Fuk this rigged casino and fuk my man boobs!
I want my gym open normally
Nikola
Hope so. Got caught in a bull trap and now I'm forced to baghold til next year.

Will limit sell once it pops for sure to not make the same mistake twice.
Looks like it is fading in the after hours
40%
XPEV: Am I a fucking joke to you?
Buy in tommorow during the run up or right at open it’s going to 55
Would be funny if you got covid while trying to protect yourself against the flu
Not at all, I think Trump might burn some bridges before he gets dragged out of the White House, though.
Holy shit
[deleted]
How can you lose money on palantir
Why specifically tomorrow
Algos see that fear and start selling like dumbfks and you alone made the 2020 great greatest depression. Congrats retard.
Pay the extra 2 cents.
0
Die IWM die 😍😍😍
Oh shit I didn’t think PLTR would break the resistance at 14.20, we shall see.
Gonna dump a small portion of my LI Auto gains into KNDI tomorrow..its the only gynese EV company not mooned yet
opening +1%
Fsr stock, gme, disca stock, solo stock
William Li is our new lord and savior. May William LI bless us all.
A buddy of mine said that to me when we were doing DMT with chimps and eating elk meat.
Kids are stuck at home and suddenly I'm told I can access the entire Disney library for $7/month? No brainer.

However I don't know if it will grow after covid or if plus membership will drive park and merchandise revenue.
“SEC - yes, this is your guy!”
Nvda run up. Just found out xpeng uses them in their cars. *bullish*
[deleted]
Live by the "if it's good enough to screen shot it's time to sell" or die by it.
you listening to the call.. they are confusing the fuck out of people probably which make them look smart
I would say both. I got stock & options for both, as well as LI. Made $13k today on these.
I bought some LI and I am buying more ASAP. This shit is the new KODK
Chances that Gyna is manipulating NIO price?
They’re not the 3rd largest market cap car company in the world. Tesla, Toyota, Daimler, Ferrari, are all higher, so it’s 5th at best. Maybe more ahead of it as well, those are just the first ones I thought of and searched.
All in on Nikola they found another driveway this one steep that truck gonna hit 120mph
I’m excited for this. Not sure on date tho
If you day trade you have to wait for cash to settle.
Minus Tesla. It’s a boomer stock
They are doing 1 billion in buybacks over the next 2 years...  if that’s not bullish wtf is
Replace nio with nikola and feel like in a time travoul
On a work call - did Palantir announce a cure for COVID or why is it bouncing back
BOTH
It’s barely moved since close
Genius
^This guy gets it
Not sure it'll be that dramatic, only a few tickers are listed and the rest of the money in these companies are in ETFs.
noob bears say triple top so much i dont think its even useful as an indicator anymore
Am I the only person here who fucking hates NIO because they didnt buy in this summer? I hope it crashes and burns.
Don't worry PLTR will go back alot in Feb when Insider was to GTFO. They were selling for less than $5 in August before the DL.
[deleted]
?
my position were just NIO calls for January 2021
These after hours moves making me nervous. No way LI holds this and it's gonna bring down all other EVs
DAILY REMINDER RUG PULL TOMORROW
XSPA
Put the boat on NIO and hope her Will’s twice as big
Why is that?
Fun fact: the communist party still exists in Russia and received about 10% of the vote in 2018.
Anyone with a net worth that surpasses the 100 dollar mark is a legend to me
Disney gonna open red with the market y’all don’t even trip
$AMD $90 calls Jan 15 2021.

Gaming is on fire this year. They are the supplier in the best position to profit from it. 

Xilinx is a dumb value buy for them, but people will like the eps bump for the fundamentalist dummies out there. Xilinx is deadweight that is Going to slow down some of AMD’s dynamism long term. 

Every time the stock drops below $80 I am buying more calls. Will be over $95 by the end of the year.
What's the damage on PLTR?
1/15/21 $23c thoughhhhh
👆 For anyone wondering that's how spanish-speakers spell laughter. Threw me off for a second amigo
nah you are the only one looking
Bullish af
Why do they have to have something up their sleeve to justify a large stock comp? Can't they just decide to award themselves a shit ton of stock regardless?
[deleted]
My 40$ calls on LI are lookin hella sexy rn
[removed]
Trump banning American investors from owning stock in companies with ties to Chinese military is his departing FUCK YOU! to all of us. The rule can arbitrarily target companies and investors. Great for uncertainty.
You pay a premium for typing in one less letter.
The moons gravitational pull
PLTR bouncing back fuck!!! NOOO
Did they have earnings tonight?
[removed]
I would never become a designer. I work with a few and I feel sorry for them.   
Make it pop.   
Pops too much.   
Now make it subtle.   
[https://clientsfromhell.net/better-red-than-dead/](https://clientsfromhell.net/better-red-than-dead/)
Ehh. You couldn't get away with it for long. Also being $185k in student loan debt makes doing anything that retarded, well retarded. Some guy 2 years out of school just got busted. Lost his license. He'll probably go long $ROPE. I would.
If I don’t trade on margin why shouldn’t I switch over to a cash  account for options?
I bought in at 44.45 on NIO after making a fat bag off of PLTR this morning
NIO imo. Both good companies though
CALLS ON BIG FOOT. PUTS ON MY ACCOUNT
replacements - by ADE
I got you fam, I'll deposit some fresh new bills to do a few more far out OTM calls, just to help my fellow autists make some real tendies
but don't you pay FX on every trade?
Hahahaha first cruise ship to go out in the Caribbean since the shutdown just had five people test positive.
Takes effect January 11th. Resume pump as usual
That’s China for you
yes 50 but looking to add more
Li is going crazy after hours ,er tomorrow morning pre market ,I can see this going to 40-45 if the reports are good
replacements - by ADE
Tendies > Nachos
LI NIO XPEV 50 EOW and we eating snorting waygu outta strippers asses in a lambo limo
Nuthin. Mods trying to suppress the DD. #StoptheMmSteal
ENPH
Best plays I can make a $2k buying power? thanks in advance 🧡
Wow there are so many things to say about this
Yea and I’ll buy more at open
What are your plays?
PLTR is rising, it’ll probably open green.
14%*
***LI EARNINGS LEAKED, MOON MISSION CONFIRMED***
Total COVID management play for all countries around the world.
Oh no SPY baby what is you doing
[deleted]
Its super low and about to blast to the moon. UVXY was already up like 12% today
Who did?
source
Tat reminds me of... oh yeah. The Nikola scam
Guys - no pain in holding shares up and down 5-15%. 

Calls - We should have another big up day in the next 30 days so he can roll or sell and buy further out.

This is a long term play not your couple day or couple week play. We know it will happen but it  is very hard to time. May not happen until Q1 2021 ER. My suggestion is to load up on days like today when it dips under $11.25, call and shares. 

There ain't no shame in swing trading calls. Buy today, sell on a day it is up 5-10%. Just don't buy less than 30 days out.

My 11/20 $12C are starting to sweat a little bit. Just need a pop up to the $14-15 range please.
It is a POS company. Same with RKT.  They go after low hanging government/defense work because they are easier to obtain but lower profit than commercial.
If u sell them u no longer have to see them
All of these plays and I wind up getting 0FD $119c aapl with the NIO profits. Oh boy.
Imo $GOLD and $GLD. Buffon owns it.
This or go with KNDI and SOLO
[Palantir Call](https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/console/EventConsoleApollo.jsp?&eventid=2807592&sessionid=1&username=&partnerref=&format=fhvideo1&mobile=false&flashsupportedmobiledevice=false&helpcenter=false&key=C75D1314E9AB57402C2D1DB77536ECE5&text_language_id=en&playerwidth=1000&playerheight=650&overwritelobby=y&newConsole=true&nxChe=true&eventuserid=384452249&contenttype=L&mediametricsessionid=327798646&mediametricid=3943201&usercd=384452249&mode=launch)   .
LI AUTO YOLO
That’s what they said about Tesla
I mean, who’s really using eBay these days. Just a thought.
Me: got the money coming in ain’t no issue 🤑

Narrator: he did not have the money coming in
[deleted]
“The economy” most certainly will. The “us economy” is another story

Other part people forget to mention - that growth happened because of globalization, immigration, wars and depression preceded it

You want to experience all that shit for a marginally better growth rate? Move to Africa or any other developing area of the world and hope for the best. That’s the other part.
Jan 2022 LEAPS

I completely agree with you
*People ARE chomping at the bit to get back in these parks*

Yeah man - risk of COVID plus like $100 a day in entry fees
What the fuck is a stock
Dow opening under/over -2.5%?
Pltr shares ah anyone?
Think it’s just the general ev hype. Small cap so can have massive swings and still pretty far from ath. I’m not touching it now looks at resistance. Defo get a juicy pullback
It’s got solid footing and will shoot up to fill the gap tomorrow. Plenty of room to rip
My company swapped to teams. They’re trying to charge too much for webex.
I think it’s working it’s way to RIP option players
This is definitely a future play, but everyone should expect a similar ACB pump to occur around Biden’s inauguration, especially now that the price is back to pre pump
Underrated comment
Mango signed executive order to ban Americans buying stock in Chinese companies that aid their military. What does this affect? 

Source: 
 Trump bans US investments that would aid China's military https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/12/investing/trump-bans-us-investments-china-military/index.html
[deleted]
Fuck Disney. Jokes on them I'm canceling my plus membership
[deleted]
The only thing that’ll save my PLTR calls is if...you know what, nothing will save my PLTR calls.
Yup, bought xpev calls, even if NIO doesn’t do well in earnings, xpev still gonna moon
Lol i had 12 contracts of 43c 1/15/21, sold it 11/3. Made good money, but missed out on soooo much more
Yeah he should buy some cocaine
bingo
PLTR PT $7 EONY.
I think they'll play if you sell them in the volatility, but it's going to be a ride.
Can $U still be salvaged? Weak ass guidance.
What’s going on with my puts dude am I good?
Otm Calls on green machines  
  
Otm Puts on boomer car companies
How
Lol no worries. This is a casino and you have to be prepared to lose the money you put on the table, right? 

Besides, I have a whole week for it to crash 🤣
That's why I am asking around here LOL
Just try for the run up and stop holding thru
interesting.... yeah will be jumping in for nio earnings run up tmr. shits going to fly to 100BB company lol
Went against the mouse.. never again🤦🏻‍♂️
did they steal Nikola's tech? 'cause u kinda needs Nikola's rolling downhill tech in order to move a tank.
Lmao
bruh what. i have calls expiring tomorrow. looks like we ride or die together. no clue why you bought before close today lmao.
Cisco +8% AH. Boomers rejoice.
They should increase their price tbh
What final number is the limit down or limit up based off of? The 353 at close?
ok
haha, don't count your chickens if you have no idea what a chicken is
yeah so?
I learned not to bet against spy after it wiped my account out after elections
Fucking smooth brain
How many people have actually sat in a NIO?
lol i bought it for the memes when elon tweeted about it. 

never going to sell them :c
Yep I bought the "dip" at like $85 haha
TSLA is a fuckery
I agree man I just watch the option volume and ride the wave bb.
LI up 12% AH holy fuck. NIO next week, I hope to Jesus fucking Christ that it’s gonna be the home run hitter for all EVs
BTFD phaggots
You think Biden’s gonna be throwing punches at China?
“five with four zeroes” 😂
Me too. 350s for 12/18 were 10.75. Too easy.
What caused TAN to go up?
[removed]
LI up 10% ah? Bullish for nio?
the mods became super gay that day when trump tweeted no stimulus
Pltr is currently tracking your location
This is the way.
Definitely [read through this](https://www.investopedia.com/options-basics-tutorial-4583012), it should answer most of your questions. If you're still not sure, get a paper trading account and try out some weeklies to get a feel for it.
Why did I sell my puts for only 60% profit before the close?
Here’s to making all the right plays at all the wrong times. Cheers 🍻
Sir this is a casino
Battery swapping so you can drive from California to Texas in 12 hours is much more American than stopping at a rest stop for a couple hours like those commies in Europe
Because I just got GOLD, I sold everything I had and bought some LI, it’s totally a RH bubble
Xpev and then FSR
I made about 1/3 my salary (40k) overnight on XPENG and nio, and it STILL AINT ENOUGH.
Higher
Ho$LI shit... 11% after market
💎👋🏻 Club

🍺
Wow, that's fantastic.  I guess it is similar to Mexico, as well.  Roads through little towns are dirt and potholes.  The paid toll roads that the rich use are flawless and effectively unpatrolled for speed.  I have done a bunch of motorcycling down there.

I haven't really had problems, I just watch for them.  Speed bumps and envious drivers are about it.  I guess that some people think it is a 911 and act dickish to you.  It's America, we're dicks on the roads.
Lmao
Bro I’ve seen crazier shit here
Paper hands is the worst insult since "you got burned" in highschool
I'm now imagining the dooby-dooby CHA-CHA-CHA music during the sinking of the titanic.
Lost money on DDOG and PLTR this week so exhausted 😩
[deleted]
It’s a good lesson not to play with fire. But if your options were to went up 200% in an hour you’d get addicted and would no doubt yolo your whole portfolio, so consider this a blessing.
PLTR bouncing back is making me nervous.

Position: short Dec $15C
Mainly cause I don’t have money to throw away like some of these people do lmao
Next week
Holy fuck. LI
Yeah I grabbed puts this morning when it was at 16.50. It just seemed up way too high
thank you for that explanation, your time is appreciated
lol cause nio predates your dumbass it was on here since like $5 lol
Casual 11% gain AH. Because of earnings, right? Nope, those are tomorrow. 😂😂😂
Thank you for your service.
My fat coworker spends his cash on food. I'm buying NIO. I don't know who's more retarded
This shit carried me to heaven
Peloton to skip Black Friday/Cyber Monday deals due to heavy demand
NO JUSTICE NO TENDIES
Yeah! Tell her when she can run from zero to 60 in under 4 seconds then he will sell the car.
Thanks, I hope you're right
All my accounts is RED.. so yeaa smh
Ahh nothing like immediately starting in the red. Jealous.
Let's say it again so the people in the back can hear it. All. moves. happen. after. hours.
haven't you heard tsla is the new NIO
RIP DIS put holders 😒😒
nio
Ah yes NYC under lockdown, getting a lot of bang for your buck!
[deleted]
I backed out today :/
More nio
its gonna be me tomorrow
**OPENING AT 40 TOMORROW AND RUNNING TO 50 BY EOD FRIDAY** 

**WE EATING GOOD BOIS**
*Chinese
China so hot right now!
I sold intraday for a loss and went in spy puts
If you use robinhood, they’ll sell the day the options expire so you don’t have to worry about holding them past expiration. 

Your maximum loss for owning calls or puts is what you put in, nothing more. Your maximum loss for selling calls or puts could potentially be unlimited if you don’t own the underlying asset.

Learn the Greeks if you’re going to buy options, and don’t follow most of the DD here, it’s ass.
Don’t bet against the mouse
[deleted]
Fucking rally at the end was the only reason we did not go below 350. I hate bulls. Well right now at least. Until I’m holding calls.
You buy em from me baby boy?

I'll buy em back from you in the AM still. Don't fret
I’ve been debating buying far out leaps for Nio when it was 25, 30, 35, 40, 45.. kept saying I’ll wait for a drop. Might have to just finally pull the trigger next down day
I was a TSLA addict too. To my surprise there is a whole universe of other stocks to yolo my life savings on.
Money generated from stolen intellectual property, exploiting not only their own people but American R&D, innovation, and ingenuity? I’ll pass.
Wrote some puts, looks like they are still gonna be ok tomorrow with IV crush
Palantir seems like a scam
Ok.... Robinhood BA has a Reuter's link to article about economic fears worsening......


It says the shit this week is "the classic between the market discounting something 6 to 9 months out and then "undiscounting" because it hasn't happened yet"

Is this fucking real shit that actually happens???

Sounds like a made up excuse after the fact.
Selling to close my put at open and gonna bag hold these shares
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
It is shitty. They also expected slowing growth. 2022 won't be any better. This is typical of defense oriented companies.  Contracts get cancelled all the time or delayed.
LMFAO
35 day ban? Damn the fuck did you do?
Loaded up on spy calls today
What does DD stand for? I'm new here.
IM ON MY WAY
I said I would wait till it got to 100 for maximum pain for myself and even I'm buying.
Yeah, how do you think I afford to keep losing in the stock market?
Look into what happens when you do a good faith violation, and they lock up clearing money until it properly clears before you make the switch.
[deleted]
So you mean he risked 1.2 million to make 100k?
Downvotes from regarded bulls stay up king
So that these calls can print 25%. Made money on both calls and puts
[deleted]
His wife thought he was bipolar. Her boyfriend knew he was just autistic
out of all the pumps that was one of the dumbest of all
FUCK. YOU. CONGRATS.
Is QE not deflationary? Take a look at the amount of shorting of bonds from hedge funds and the banks selling them these shares. If anything the FED is more likely to bailout big banks then hedge funds.
put my entire account in 5/21/21  PLTR 20cs  before close. I shall either be a rich autist or a broke retard. Time will tell
FUBO gonna go up on Disney earnings? Hmmm
Codeine Crazy. Enjoy the ride bro ✌️
IV crush on this is pretty fucking wild. It needs to stay above $140.50 for him to breakeven. My asshole would be shut tight right now.
pltr is the future
Im buying. Sold calls yest w the plan to buy the dip tm
RH, no
What? It spiked 6% after earnings then they announced dividends is suspended so it shaved some %
Im seeing a lot of Red guys!! 😰
Where you seeing that?

EDIT; fuck youLOL
There's always a "chance"
Lmaoo
$XPEV and $NIO both awesome companies, NIO is a little ahead in operations, but xpev cars are marketed to more of the middle class and hasn’t ran too hard yet. I would go with $XPEV tbh as It hasn’t been running for months
I bought a $48p because I need to be taught a lesson
Yaaaaazzzz
345?
[deleted]
Releasing Disney+ in more countries Tuesday including Brazil and Mexico. DIS+ has 70 million current subs. (Netflix leads at 190 million) but D+ is only 1 year old.
Everyone talking about NIO.

No one talking about how VIX is a millionaire maker rn.
Fuck mango
I’ll take the risk of selling and capture whatever profits.
I will hold my spy puts through the weekend.
I bought today, no 🥭 means tik tok can do biz how it wants, id have to imagine some of that goes back fsly
Damn I had a 12.50C Jan/21 that I bought for $750 and flipped for double, shoulda held lmao
Good, you haven't been corrupted yet by this sub
LI IS ON A MOON MISSION
[deleted]
But Trump lost nearly half his net worth during the presidency. He didn't benefit from it financially for sure, unlike most presidents that become multi millionaires right after their presidency
Don’t u also have to capital gains tax? 😂
Shiiit...Played Disney last earnings for a 5 baggah and wanted to again, but that Monday vaccine pump threw a wrinkle into everything.
What does this mean for my 11/20 20c??
Held NIO $45 calls all week. Sold today near the top at $48.7. Tendies. Got greedy, bought back in NIO $49 calls when the stock had dropped a little. Mango-Man nonsense happens. Panic sold the $49 calls when NIO dropped to 46.90, wiping out nearly 80% of the profit I made from the original $45 calls. I'm a grade A retard. Someone hand me $ROPE
You realize that for both systems, the disc consoles sell out first.
obviously blackrock bought 30M shares
Looks like homeless Taika Waititi LOL, he deserves those shares.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChwSTuDa9RY
DOWNVOTE DINGUS LOST ALL HIS MONEY JAJAJAJAJAJAJA
same
Well full disclosure, I bought a single 55c expiring tomorrow. Would be hilarious if it printed. So basically, I’m not in NIO.
[deleted]
>they absolutely share tech with the military.

CCP does have this concept of shared technology or hybrid technology by using consumer tech for military purpose. its one reason that China is forcing technology transfer to boost their military tech.
What’s this song called?
Um ya never recovered since last month
Gotta lose money to lose money.
PLTR is a POS ... I am shorting it even more... If you want to buy buy after lockup in Feb when all the employees want to sell their shit . Insiders were selling at under $5 in August before the listing.
That exhaust makes all the difference. Never, ever used the car’s sound system - the engine noise is that good.
Yup!
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Palantir Posts Strong Revenue Growth

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt3vb8
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt3vb8) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/The-Techie, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
WallStreetDarling420
quiveringmass
There is no such thing as IV crush, ignorant bastard.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
It's one of Elon's self landing ones, usually going down, half the time in flames.
Now lose it all and you’re right at home
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/-Hei_Bai- the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Buy NIU
Nice tunes. Like the action. What song?
Rofl even if they are a fraud do you think the CCP will allow themselves to look like clowns after dropping $1b into them? Haha even if it's a trash company, the CCP will not allow their investment to look bad.
Since when good earnings mean that stonk goes up? On the other side if they were to report disappointing results it would prob skyrocket. 
That being said, I sold calls and bought puts today
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8mnDEPySVA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8mnDEPySVA)
worse CC ever
most likely -monday-wednesday.  wednesday is probably pfizer eua
Nkla all day
Here's to hoping my ACB fully print tomorrow. Papa need this win.
Lol clown
It’s already on its way up
PLTR 81% gross margin
How many people here have actually sat in a NIO or Xpeng car?
It’s coming back
When is Roblox IPO?
No, please say more.
LI through mid 2021
I would agree, the major lockdown already happened and no one wants to do that again.
XPEV already had earnings...  NIO may tank if it is priced in ... You think stocks just keep on running up ? >\_>
Your broker will take care of it for you for the most part. You won't lose more than you put in, and you'll get the profit at expiration if you don't have the cash/margin to exercise at expiration.

> Say for instance I buy two #ABC calls for $100 and they go up to $300. I forget to claim them by agreed date. I simply lost $100, correct?

First off, start talking "premium" and "strike" and not how much you paid for the option in total. This matters in explaining the outcome.

Let's say you buy $ACB calls at $10 strike. You pay, I dunno, $3 in premium for Dec expiration (costing you $300; $3 premium * 100 shares).

Dec rolls around.

If $ACB is at $11, your $10 call is "in the money", and the outcomes are as follows:

- If you have $1000 ($10 strike * 100 shares) in your account, you will get 100 shares of ACB. You can then sell them for $11, provided we open at that price again. You make $100 on the sale, but since you paid $300 in total premium you're down $200.
- If you can't hack the $1000, your broker will sell the option at/close to expiration.

When the second part happens: At expiration, option premium is only based on the difference between strike and current price - here, that's $11 - $10 ($1). So each option is going to sell for $100, when you paid $300 for it initially.

---

For your ZXY case: Not sure how it shits the bed to -$50,000, but you only lose that premium you paid, that's correct. You can also "sell to open" calls or puts, and in those your losses can be larger.
Am I still ban??
That’s part of the joke
[deleted]
Ouch....
You gotta have diamond hands boy
ATVI is nearly entirely institutionally held. If in mid December biden kicks xi's pepe, it may go up. It should be over $90 but I wouldn't choose a target higher than $80. Just buy shares. They'll have to issue a nice dividend or buyback with all this cash that wall st gives 0 fucks about.
what a weird week, coulda just dona without all that vaccine nonsense fml..
I bought 11/27 30p as a lotto, made money on calls and now I'm scared of the Chinese EV, way too big of a run up but we'll see what happens
idk some black kids in high school got all sensitive over it and the other black kids dropping n word all the time would make fun of them and call them it all the time lol.
Guess everyone here forgot about FSLY. Only the old timer WsBers remember FSLY...  looks like FSLY Back on the menu boys

Ya know, old timer cause like no one here was here a month ago, Everyone gets wiped every week 😂
I GOT 10K IN A CHINESE EV STOCK AND MY RENT IS DUE IN TWO WEEKS. MY BANK ACCOINT SAYS 45 BUCKS LETSS GOOOOOO
So buy it up chico
[deleted]
Ironically, almost nobody here can use NIO trendies to buy a NIO. So ppl will buy a Tesla instead. TSLA calls it is.
I said it last time, I'll say it again. Famous. Last. Words.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzLrqZwQbXg&ab\_channel=LucidTrading](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzLrqZwQbXg&ab_channel=LucidTrading)
RUN LITTLE PLTR, BE FREE
Looks good! Oh wait I’m a bat 🦇
Thanks. Is there a back of hand for how to think about when optimal to roll?
I’m thinking it’s time to short actually
**ALRIGHT CHINA EV GANG, LI PROBABLY GOT THEIR ER LEAKED AND THATS WHY ITS UP AH, WE SHOULD BE MOONING TOMORROW**
Better post them losses so I have something to nut to
Too early my friend. Lockdowns coming ...dec is when to buy with lots of upside and the bad winter covid numbers baked in
Are you me? I did the exact same thing. Lmao 👏👊
Is nio earnings in the morning or?
Big boys are banking off retail euphoria. And they'll bank again when they pull the rug.

Don't try to outsmart them.
you dropped your helmet
yeah makes me even more confident in opening a large position tomorrow
People are complaining that PLTR's earnings call resulted in a stock drop. I think this is a temporary pullback.
All my Nio gang let’s share a glass 🥃 and keep enjoying the ride
Yeah. Executing a jan 2023 25c today will cost you about $1000 in iv. If I bought that and sold 30c for next week, and we go above $31 and it executes, I need to either find a buyer for the leap to buy back the call (unlikely) or execute my leap 3 years early, burning 1 grand.  

I'm buying shares. Like I said, this seems risky
I’m sorry 😫😫😫😫😫
Many thanks for that great reply friend!
NIO because I'm not a goober
Ice 🧊 lemonade my neck was drippin
Same as Canada as well. You could easily afford a house if you just moved an hour or two away or was willing to drive in.
Also LOL @ learn how to trade. Here’s today’s gains, dummy. 

https://ibb.co/mBSFM78
This is true,.they've unlocked me before
Probably smart. I only sold my calls. I don’t go both ways with the Chinese.
Not the credit spreads?
My spy puts maybe saved!
I’m so ready for tmmr. Bought both calls and puts Monday expirations for Spy. I’m ready for those tendies to rain on me.
God of the Market- can we plz moon on stimulus talks or vaccine trials again?
Atvi has new cod and wow expac.
[removed]
Idk ive been holding AMD for 6 weeks now and it hasn't really moved.
Spy = logic
PLTR is literally the future
Don’t fuck with the mouse!!! How many times we have to tell you!!!!
yup, was a great report
[deleted]
Bummer. Thanks for the input though, I'll try harder next time
Yeah
That was literally the point of the post... Are you dumb?

Even his puts went up when the stock mooned. How can you lose money? Even dumb shit works. Not that he lost money. Man you guys have smooth as fuck brains on here.
Made in Murica vs. Made in Chi Na
Uh $DIS?
>$250 in gains

This is why I browse this sub
Also can’t lose all of your money because you have no fucking idea what you’re doing. 

But we don’t worry about that here.
Ban
Hahahah PLTR go RIP. When’s the funeral?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks!
I don't see much of a bull case here. We're just below what now looks like a triple top. Expect we'll head down to the lower end of the trading range we've been in the past two months. I don't see a catalyst for a breakout of this range with COVID skyrocketing, global economies locking down again, and we're pretty much done with earnings season. I snagged puts today.
Lol u got NIO.  I KNEW IT
God I needed to see this today!
TSLA calls are for boomers. NIO!!!
bro. im fucked by the same two. im so done trading options!
It was probably Walt Disney’s reanimated thawed out corpse
FSLY shot up AH and is slowly melting. Thought I was big brain for the last minute calls
console sales will affect AMD but also TSM.

ATVI not sure what they are even releasing
I say with confidence that PLTR will be one of those stocks that drops even with decent earnings and proceeds to launch next week. Sorry for anyone trading options but this thing is volatile enough to just do shares. Those who live to see next week, enjoy the tendies
You may have spoke too soon
Isn't NIO that fruit-flavored water enhancer bullshit? The raspberry lemonade is pretty okay.
Alex Karp's house look like a tree house. This must be the case. LOL
Nope I definitely said $17 per dose. I never said $34 per dose you fuckwitted retard. When you have positive returns on investment lmk.         

I agree that the people at Pfizer scheduling the manufacturing of the drug are smarter than me. I also think you’re too dumb to realize there is a such thing as manufacturing capacity. Day 1 the vaccine will be going to the most vulnerable, and Pfizer has announced that third world countries would get their vaccine at a similar rate to first world countries as long as they have the ability to distribute the vaccine.          

The shares aren’t necessarily free, it will come at a cost of cutting down Pfizer’s main stock price. At least that’s what their media announcement said as the company is a spinoff.       

Go ahead and scroll through my comment logs.        

Look up immunomedics vaccine info. If you’re too dumb to do proper Dd then you’re too dumb for me to help any further. Learn to hit those rotations and recognize insider manipulation of prices.
Why did Apple just drop 7%?🤬
Dividend cut might save you bruh
Even has a sub asking him to shut up

https://www.reddit.com/r/ShutUpLouisFepher/
DKNG earnings tomorrow pre-market. To the moon!!
And what if it mooned like XPEV... I mean the small possibility of 30% is like fuckkkkkk....
I gave up trying to rationalize the market after the summer and just being theta leaching instead of puts. I would argue summer would have been worst, in the US, since there was no clarity about effective treatment and there was a big uncertainty about an effective vaccine. If people in the US were driven by facts and not political passion I think that a lockdown would happen just to avoid an overflowing of hospitals capacity (as we already seen in certain states) but I doubt any lockdown covering a major part of the country will happen.
Yes
PLTR is the absolute best company on the entire planet. They are the most chad bull company in existence. Through data analytics they save multi billion dollar companies billions of dollars on their operating costs, improving bottom line and increasing revenues. This leads to more gains for the stock market and more tendies for everyone. Long Palantir. Stocks. Calls. All of it.
Seek help
Because that's how it works. Don't ask why just bet accordingly
Zm back too the 500 by next week. Hope you guys are hopping on tendiville. Way oversold
Jerk off and sleep trust me
I am a salty TSLA gang
codeine got me trippin
penisland.gov
Fuck man thanks for the sacrifice
WHY IS THIS A GOOD BUY THO!?!?
OK DINGUS
If LI has good earnings and guidance we’ll be just fine
Dood don’t worry this is a real company with real goals with real potential. It will more than just recover.
Lucky you
Link?
Should I switch to cash account on TD fur unlimited DTs
[removed]
Holding LI.  Threw a bunch of cash at it again right before close.  Hopefully it doesn't REEEEEEE tomorrow after open.
Nope
Selling my Cisco FDs, some of which are in the money.  May take profits on some of the 2021 calls that were pennies. No gain porn but huge percentage returns.
Why are you buying puts and calls at the same time? Won't they cancel each other out?
Loading up on ccl puts
I think there will be some Good Nio news
$XPEV train will be right behind you
Sounds like big news coming 🚀🚀
this has decades of potential
Time will tell
No one wants 1.1 million. Are you dum dum or just plain dum?
stfu about getting downvoted nobody cares and youre just empowering the little shits doing it
Haha thanks
this is the way
down you mean
[Should've had your ticket...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFg5DSUEQ9k&ab_channel=DKHREntertainment)
Actually now that I look at it, it doesn’t even seem as if the IV moved much at all so I don’t know why the premium had a 10 cent drop
Free money Friday, fake rotation into small caps on vaccine news.
😂😂
\*in the same day
You didn't know? Not all of the orbs have been accounted for.

You don't know who could be WATCHING.
Every weak! [Sic]
[deleted]
Someone actually said “they killed earnings”. 

Sure as hell butchered it don’t know about killed. Expected EPS .02 actual (.94)
Lol, the ceo and board members are making a killing off of you retards. Shalom
In May, wtf
lol their stock compensation is 800m, and you liked the report. are you on heroin?
nobody does that in China
I live in NYC and I just went down couple of blocks to Starbucks to grab a drink. Next to the Starbucks, there is one of those 24 Hr Urgent Care clinics. There was a line going around the block. I am assuming either they are getting a flu shot or every one is getting tested for COVID due to the spike. I am betting latter.
[deleted]
Can anyone explain the .7 EPS gap between what was reported and what was expected?
Sees premarket drop -1%, closes calls at open for loss. Market rebounds to +1%, closes puts for loss.
Possibly a rapper
I’m kinda new to trading and my first big trade I fomo’d myself to shit, so at this point I’d rather take my profits and run then bring more unnecessary risk
[deleted]
this is the way
The chart is the most bullish thing I've ever seen but who tf really knows
Can it take BUD down with it? I’m so offended it left without me
500?
i got loss in tesla and gains in nio. Do you think tesla will climb again?
Earnings pre market
just have to keep growing, profit doesn't matter

always remember AMZN
First of all retard, I didn’t play any puts.   Second of all, their ATH was 150 and when I commented price was at 147.  So well within the realm, RETARD. 

Fuck off

LMAO YOU REALLY ARE A RETARD “IS IT OK IF I CUM IN MY WIFE AND SHES ON ANTIBIOTICS” 😂😂😂😂
LMFAOO
No sir, your the facilities that werks Fer em.
Caught NAK at 81 cents before it shot to the moon.  Going to decide what to do with it in the morning.  

Not sure if I’ll sell or sit on it for the day.  Earnings are on Monday.
Trumpanzees in the chat.

BAN
Because the other automaker destroyed earnings.. do you not google? >\_>
I like the bull attitude, but I want my last minute bear decision 11/20 39.5P I bought to make money so I hope youre wrong OP😁. Idk I see resistance already and have time so maybe we'll both be winners.
Chyna numba 1
I was holding 11/20 41Cs the IV was almost 200% . I doubled my input and bailed most of it out. Too much uncertainty for the upcoming days. If it dips I'm going back in though, just going longer.
Wtf? Pltr call event is at max capacity. Most from wsb??
I hope so!  My 11/13 45c that I sold would go OTM and I would keep that premium.  :)
i did not play earnings! from a forbes article " Karp himself remains the most eccentric of Palantir's eccentrics. The lifelong bachelor, who says that the notion of settling down and raising a family gives him "hives," is known for his obsessive personality: He solves Rubik's cubes in less than three minutes, swims and practices the meditative art of Qigong daily and has gone through aikido and jujitsu phases that involved putting cofounders in holds in the Shire's hallways. A cabinet in his office is stocked with vitamins, 20 pairs of identical swimming goggles and hand sanitizer. And he addresses his staff using an internal video channel called KarpTube, speaking on wide-ranging subjects like greed, integrity and Marxism. "The only time I'm not thinking about Palantir," he says, "is when I'm swimming, practicing Qigong or during sexual activity."
Yeah if he was Benjamin fucking Button
That’s you sell before ER
[deleted]
[deleted]
here sadly
Understandable
Why did I do this to myself 🐭
It's a future dated stop loss. Even if I had gotten immense gains, I would have burned everything eventually.
Man you are incredible! Advise to turn the sound on
Real talk..whats yalls consensus price for January on AMD and ATVI?
$XPEV train is just starting
$ROPE is the next runner
He bought calls? What about IV crush?
Fun fact cheat sheet : Being part of the Communist party includes blowing top party brass and also eating some ass.  So Ma better pucker up.
"thank you operator"
Thanks. I'll look into it and maybe put some real money down
Baic or geely. Both EV
Can anyone tell me why ebay is the black sheep of e-commerce players with a P/E of 6?
44
It's only a matter of time. Every Chinese company you know of is propped up and run by the CCP, and they absolutely share tech with the military.

NIO is basically a government-funded "company," and they are 100% in battery tech specifically for the Chinese military.

If this slippery slope continues, every Chinese company will be yeeted off robinhood.
Moderna is going to announce great vaccine results in a couple days.
I'm sorry, but that shit is funny (cries in PLTR)
Did you not watch the challenger launch?
For that price it was worth trying to see. It peaked at .66 today and finished at .12 so hopefully good news in the morning
Dont' group this POS with tech.. it is more defense than tech.
Their chart is bullish, daily looks like a cup and handle at end of day, they closed back above their trend line on the monthly
Rolling rolling rolling......
"planatir" jeez
As sad as it is, yeappp
Please tell me that $BABA is in some way integrated into their suplly chain 😂
Swear to God....
If it does I promise to roll my 45p profits into calls
sold at 47, with the exact same strat. in mind. Idk man... not looking like it's going to go below 47 though.. Hope I'm wrong
When exactly does earnings come out?
Your battery is low, but at least it's charging!
They should wear little red stars so we can tell them apart.
I like the strangle.
I guess Fox decided they even have standards so they gotta take the grift elsewhere. Honestly it sounds like the best possible move for trump if he wants to not go bankrupt next year. Might have trouble dodging a tax fraud case tho
I couldn’t agree more brother. Tendie town.
Spy headed back to where it belongs
STOP THE COUNT!!!!!!🥺
The way I see it, you wait for the Dow to drop 1000-2000 points, and then buy in and hold and get out if we reach beyond the ATH. I can take a wild guess and sat 31000-32000 on the Dow for the top before another big drop.
Need it to fall down to $300
Now we're catching on
Make money lose money
x = initial amount, unknown

y = %

z = final amount, unknown

xy=z

substitute z = (x+a); where x = initial amount and a = gains

xy=x+a

xy-x=a

x(y-1)=a

x=a / (y-1)

solve for x

a = $1492.89

y = 843.4407 (84344.07%)

x = 1492.89 / (843.4407 - 1)

x = 1.77

he started with $1.77

edit - jk, i forgot robinhood already includes the extra 1. but it's still $1.77
[deleted]
Worse DIS conference call ever. Bitchh won't stop saying "significant negative returns compared to last year" like we know covid. Stop mentioning it every 5 sec
Hey man, it’s ok, probability game. You’ll be positive soon and hit winners soon. You got all hour losses out of the way, double down
Goddam, calls on that cat.
Aye! Thanks for the input :)
Theta inbred
I hope this is the case. We’ll see what they say during earnings. The stock is now climbing too
Chewy, AMD, NIO, M, GLW, RDHL calls
[deleted]
Probably. The bigger fight long-term will be SPY $300 now.
Been thinking of doing the same. Not sure what the downside would be?...I don’t deposit that often and pretty much been building my port Based off my initial investment.
Holy shit no way
In 2030
Sounds like their employees/execs are super bullish assuming they’ve been taking stock options in lieu of other forms of compensation.
this is amazing i love you
"Your honor, my interest rate on the student loan was an odd number.  My autism causes me to prefer even numbers.  I refinanced with a more expensive personal loan, so I could get an even interest rate."

Judge will take one look at you and say case closed.
It was a $.10 drop right before close bc the price has been relatively stable today I suppose but the IV should go back up when amc starts its fundraising right
Roblox porn is low key kinda hot tho o.o
Retards still asking why a stonk can beat earnings and go down cmon y’all
Customer retention? Their core business is project Gotham which does Top Secret information and software systems to governments. There can only be a few customer otherwise you enter into conflicts of interest. So long as the customers, a few governments, want to increase their power and control over their citizens then PLTR gonna be just fine.
The ER TITLE IS:  BERS R FUK
It's a good ER.  People will wise up by open.
Guess we’ll find out after the conference call is done
They need to take that money and invest in more marvel and star wars shows. Mandalorian is 🥶
I'm kind of scare NIO might open at 45 tomorrow 😢
Hospitalizations and death curve forming now is scary.
Nio
In reality Biden is more of a traditional conservative than Trump is. Trump pandered to his base but the guy has really been center left his whole life and his policy reflected that other than stuff that benefits the rich (because he is rich and makes moves to benefit himself)

Especially socially, Biden is more right than Trump 

Biden is a neocon just like Obama and Bush
NIO gonna keep climbing
Whatever you do, don’t fucking dance!
Damn would have blown the roof off if they brought it back
Everyone in here is talking about PLTR/DIS/NIO, meanwhile PINS is somehow the third most popular social network above snap, twitter and tiktok. Got lucky buying in at $53, gonna sell if tomorrow goes green.
Welcome to Goldman Sachs, son.
Gz
You can’t compare a concept sports car to a relatively affordable EV sedan it just makes no sense. 


Well, with that said, time to dump 10,000 into NIO yolo.
F
Damn, I had bought in when it was $19 on just a handful of stock and was sick of it trading sideways plus/minus a dollar for like a month and sold. Less than a month later, it moons lmao. Gg man
Does li have another run up tmrw?
That dirt fuck is not paying dividends!!!!!
If UBS and Goldman Sach don’t say then no one is going to buy


It’s the job of analyst to always say buy this stock that stock and market is going to rally to lure investors to keep buying
After getting fucked every time I listen to you guys I have decided to try inversing wsb for once. I bought NIO 11/20 $47.5p now watch me lose all my money when that shit hits $85 after earnings
Corona fear back and strong
If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.
PSA: when even us retarts can’t stop the Chinese EV train and trump tweet with minimum effect u know the big boys bankinggggggggg ride the wave bb
If you don’t believe in NIO then you ain’t black
I’m in the same situation - decided to long strangle DraftKings. If I don’t update you tomorrow, assume I $ROPEd.
On its way to my 330p 11/20
Ya I made 70% since I opened my yolo SOLO positions the other day
Hi switch, I'm JPOW
Yes but I don't think it will happen tomorrow so we are fucked!
On god it won’t make sense if it’s green
Stocks don’t only go up. That’s why I have 8 contracts of SPY 354P 11/18
You didn't hear? They're making electric tanks soon
I fear XPEV and LI gonna be a huge bait to ride people through ER and then tank. Does it matter? Nope, still gonna hold anyway.
It’s free real estate.
I aint's tryn to learn no english in here. 

Th4nx for the lesson.
Did he ever say he would legalize weed? He did say something along those lines then instantly corrected himself.
I mean is it really the beginning tho.

Shit has been around for awhile. Coming up two decade.
I sold 7 38c expiring 11/20 last week 🤦‍♂️ dumbass
What do you mean stop losses. All I see is a huge loss
calls for december at 20$, here’s to mooning ✊✊
I know, I am retarded and bought 1000 shares at like $10, then bag held for like 2 weeks while they plummeted below $8, and sold for breakeven at $10

The next day they went right up to $12.5. FML
April - fuck you China!

Today - thank you for tendies China!
I just want this shit to drop... it’s so overvalued
Can you link pls
You can always afford to buy 100 shares if you get exercised on because someone just paid you for 100 shares.  
  
Your long call still provides the exact same amount of protection as it did, so really your position hasn't changed at all except you aren't collecting theta until you turn those -100 shares back into -1 Call
Try closing the app
Damn. Feels bad. Oh well... I’m sure we’ll all hit a nice 10 bagger before the end of the year.
Actually, liked the PLTR report. Diversifying customers and decreasing lead times is a good look(its a sign that shows they might be able to get scalable imo). More important than revenues. Was in @9.88 and sold half this morning @16.32. Might add more tomorrow dunno 🤔
Lol you sound mad
ahh some classical music
Nice! The long boys miss you already
Puts at open
nice. Ive been bagholding at 43 for a long time, maybe tomorrow Ill get out even or maybe small profit
Don’t let them convince you otherwise
Invest? Not sure i follow
The king has rallied his soldiers. Stand fast and hold!
What broker is this?
How do you know I'm not bearish? I'm Switch.
I don’t know, I am with Marty McFly and you on this.  But, my recent strategy of placing the call or put 2 months after when I think something will happen is working at the moment.  It just costs more upfront and limits potential gains which is frustrating.
least you can get drugs that make you hate it less
South Africa has really good tar roads. Legacy of apartheid government investing gold revenues. There are lots of empty winding roads in hinterlands. With (illegal but undetected) laser jammer, pretty much drove everywhere at 110 mph. Above that wife would get nervous.   


What problems have you had?
Waiting for a prolonged dip to buy long
You have probably lost more than what I would make in 2 years. It really hurts to see this .
[deleted]
PLease don't tease me.
Easy, just Buy back into nio with your pltr gains.
Will SPY ever kiss 350 again?
Well mean technically it's possible but there would have to be some serious allegations. But so far everything looks clean. I personally don't see this stock under 40 again.
?
I made some retarded buys instead, sigh
Drones are going to be hot again boys
Soon, I hope. I'm not even a Bobo.
I would do it just to feel something
okay, don't open your app tomorrow and pretend like you didn't lose any money, that's what I do
Maybe the exes didnt get paid for the last 17 years and now they finally got it. LOL
Jesus fuck HOW?
200%+ from Q2 to Q3 gave guidance of another 200%+ growth. I don't know if I can believe this. Can't trust a chinese company
5%? Bruh
What’s about that house bro
well yeah, but It might be better to buy the other side after Vix makes a big move etc..  I still think Vix is priced in too expensive..
What u got
Its gonna go up like xpeng and li
That might’ve been good cause to be bearish in the 80’s but it’s 2020 and meme stocks don’t have to make sense.
[Trump bars Americans from investing in companies that support China's military](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qpt8K29W5Vc)

Thank Jeebus. NIO is not part of China's military! tendies be safe!!! bless up.
I mean if you want to get technical, it's not even a "stock" in NIO, as Americans can't legally own stock in Chinese companies.

It's basically an "I promise I'll give u what I owe you, prooooomise" certificate in a shell company. This shouldn't be allowed by the SEC IMO.
AMEN
Long hold this my dood. This might be a bigger tendie train than we realize.
Someone got burned trying to play ER LOLOL
Downvoted ,I’m just kidding ,if it comes out tomorrow after market I’m fine ,I just hope is not pre market like last time
it's because of that 870 million in "one-time" stock commissions or whatever. Hopefully we see a nuts Q4. I'm a shares pleb, wish I would've sold at open today and rebought tomorrow.
thank u for this
I sold my pltr calls for a sweet little 30% right before the share price tanked this week. I had a feeling earnings run-up was gonna sell off.
What are your plays man?
um....what expiry, cause this isn't panning out well? Hopefully 2025?
Roblox ipo of the year
Market isn't open yet, homie
There’s a discord server call TitanFlow and they are looking for beta testers to get feedback. See if you can find them and sign up. I tried another service but it was over $150 a month which is stupid. I’ll take the free data right now lol
remindme! 17 hours
Why
gonna get whacky at earnings every quarter, but once it gets digested, we run up
beat earnings = stock go down. less than expected loss = stock go up.
I wouldn't based on trumps executive order today. Wait to see how China reacts.
Holy shit that's amazing. Thank you so much!
Looks like NIO formed a cup and handle at end of day lmao
Man, gay bears really celebrating that small ass win in a sea of red
what if people aren't downvoting you because you're bullish?
 I lost so much money selling covered calls for my NIO shares too.
Uhh...okay.
Thanks I'm a long time member of wsb
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If mods stickied it we’d flock there
The stock market does better with less humans taking profits away with silly things like wages
Hopefully tomorrow’s dinner will be steak and lobster if the call goes well. Cheers!
##DIS temporarily suspends dividend 

RIP 🐭
I wish that’s what I did lol
Oh yes 👍 🙌 😍 👏 😏 😎
Bought BABA at 265, will the CCP use lube when it eventually fucks me or they prefer it dry?
Did LI already release their ER? Fucker still mooning AH.
365 lowest I’ll go
I understand dont bet against the US, and stonks only go up. But are we entirely sure this surge is priced in?
The mouse enters the chat
I had gotten in at 9, 300 of em - not worried (Sold em at 15 and planning to buy some LEAPS 01/2022)
I’m about to buy up ES futures all night to fuck over your puts.
Bankruptcy is definitely not the end of the world, done it 3 times!
It's something you can't explain to someone, you have to be there... it's like an eclipse.
They already own the world. Now we need them to turn that in profit.
Is that a fucking joke?
Yup. They're already popping back up.
Stimulus talks going extinct
> Fossil

Wow. I remember thinking about it when it was way back at $40. Glad I didn't buy!
Sold that intraday
[deleted]
I have leaps though, I believe in it.
no one wants to miss out on these Chinese EV money makers
yeah they said buy spy puts
Sssssssh we are
Have you guys heard about NIO?
You know it was some dumbass boomer who wrote that article most likely
20k
Reamed*
Which broker you are using ? And does it allow to trade options pre-market ?
gotta make dinner for my kids, will listen to the replay tomorrow
No lol
I have no idea
Stock market is going to be up BIGLY tomorrow
[removed]
They hold their value really well too. Congrats!
2022 checking in
Wawawawah
I’m expecting a set of a lower high soon. Into a higher low. Catch the down move and sell. 

Def see the larger bullish movement.
That's cause the calls that printed got sold.
It’s not a really good company, but the stock seems strong. It’s just a short squeeze, but I don’t get what the fuck is squeezing it, just seems like FOMO and that damn JPM upgrade that started this shit
It’s going to keep going up until earnings then it’ll react after that
345
Facts.
Wow, that lord of the rings DD really made me think PLTR would be 30 right now. Huge L
I absolutely agree with you, especially with regards to TA.

I still contend the difference lies not in the general patterns but the speed.  As I said to some guy further down the thread - you have goatherds buying fractional shares now.  The sheer number of participants in the market is unprecedented.  Which is your point:  *" Panic selling today looks like what it did in the past - just with more volume. "*

But in the past, people panic sold because it could literally take months if not years/decades to grind back up because sentiments to 'buy the dip' never existed to this degree.  Today algos do all the heavy lifting up and down more than ever before.

The market has fundamentally changed because the market participants and tools have changed. Wait till the next round of stimulus starts up.

I have never been this successful before, far exceeding how I ever did when I was actually paid to do the job.  And the reason I've done well is I shed my biases and my 'training'.  Younger market participants today don't have those limiting biases.  They're like anti-vaxxers who have never seen polio or measles.

I, for one am more than happy to just ride along.
.25?
Where the fuck you gettin 300 IV, my 2/19’s are ~100, which is...what fuckin everything is right now
Bought in the tuesday dip, up 100%, it’s that easy
[deleted]
After it hits 400
Disney+ and they just laid off half of ESPN. Sounds bullish AF to me
A good price is 9 dollars
Crazy thing is they could still buy calls tomorrow and have a chance to get in on the money train
have they ever made a profit? Why do their revenues increase annually but their bottom line is never positive?
So sick of Mr. Market and ready for Ms. Market again.
theta gang might actually win on pltr lol
I have 40 contracts for next June, should print tomorrow.
Had one go -10% once that was not too bad, most go -99%
Yes
hi, i was right
Nio bears like getting fucked in the ass a lot
Wow. Okay Russia is a natural freezer of a country though haha. Hopefully, Moderna can pull through as the No. 1 vaccine manufacturer.
Exactly. Spy to 357 so all my 353c print Billy
At least you’re green this week. I’m envious
It sounds like something that would of been played on the titanic before it started sinking.
Possible it will rebound tomorrow but very unlikely given the news coming out
There is no way that a civil engineer with three years of experience makes more than $100,000 a year in almost any market.  They won't even have their PE license yet and the nature of their work makes them a subcontractor commodity
it'll probably moon after earnings tomorrow.
I’m happy for you Ch-EV call holders but damn I wish you had a different chat. No ones talking about my plays :/
I hope it does go up I sold most of my contracts at around the 49s today though. I figured a corvette is enough why risk more ?
sold some calls before the close bby
Lol really tho I agree, it was annoying only seeing TSLA and AAPL on here all summer. Now it's annoying watching all these kiddos pump NIO. Oh well, I'm sure we'll get another new 3 tickers to completley overtake this subreddit in another month or two.
Did they trace the corona virus back to themselves?
man, it's been a while since I've said this:

"don't fuck with the mouse"
Ninjas*
How about spy 360 tomorrow
Holding :$BABA 0DTE Puts, pray for me.
$PLTR recovering a bit... feels a little better...
Your wife's boyfriend
Yea but that was priced in back then. I'm not entirely sure that Wallstreet priced the 2nd wave which is now going to be much worse than the first wave.
WTF man, why is PLTR not going down more 😡

Make that shit go back down to $12.5 so I can buy in at a good price
My 347p would be happy
Daniel Loeb’s Third Point gains nearly $400m on US election call 

https://on.ft.com/2Um25ZP

> “Our view is that the results will not only exceed the necessary 50 per cent threshold for efficacy, but will surprise to the upside by realising the higher end of efficacy expectations at a 75-90 per cent level,” Mr Talpins wrote in the letter, a copy of which has been seen by the FT. “This development would obviously be favourable for equity markets,” he added.

We are not uncertain.
[deleted]
Priced in
Do the positive numbers matter as much as hospitalizations and deaths? Either way I hope you’re right about SPY.
Oh yeah, I’m flagged in RH and already used my 3 curtesy waives on TD. 

I really like ThinkorSwim on mobile though so this is one way to work around it.
or because it's now the 3rd largest market cap car company in the world with basically nothing in the market
Damn wish I had gotten back to you before close. I was going to tell you to sell
It wasn't much but I still feel gross.
just like their asshole
My mom always told me there's no such thing as a stupid question.
[deleted]
[deleted]
only a loss because of stock based compensation

they are going to crush and own the world
Hopefully, then It’s put szn
Small upturn in BABA
IV too risky. Pure FOMO buying tomorrow
We opening at 350 tomorrow boys. Day ends at 347
Who's honestly still buying Fossil at these prices?
[deleted]
Show me NIOs production cars that are affordable by the mass market. Anyone can draw a fancy concept car.
is it that "dooby-dooby CHA-CHA-CHA" music?
just bought 2 contract calls for dec 18 at 20$, am i fucked?
[deleted]
Get that 25k man, you can do it.
I bought CCL leaps at close but I’m scared.
[deleted]
if you dont like the N word - then you aint black
6 figures is basically impossible in my job, so good on them.
That's cool, Wasn't it priced at 1.65 or so?
Ah, so cheap yolo puts it is
Heard that LI earnings were leaked— anyone have any info?
Don't mess with the mouse.  What is their potential price target?  Already back to February highs
Ok, still could be a paper account held through that temporary downturn, relax dude, I'm a GME Bull too (490 Shares), just a thought to express
Wait
I’m dead
[deleted]
It’s like 20 years old and has never been profitable.
Nice, now do it again.
What has a real upside, a hyper specialized government contractor or a ev company in China? I will let you figure out what market is bigger.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/BlueSkyTech the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And all of Reddit rejoiced in the $NIO lovefest
Many autists are going to learn what IV crush is. Theta gang getting ready to pound many asses
Everyone bitching about NIO just mad they had every chance to buy calls but haven’t cause they’re pussies
Just fucken exercise them, there, I found the solution to it.
*IV crush enters chat*
Thesis: I will make money tomorrow.
Theory: the assload of down votes on bearish comments.

Ill report back tomorrow.

But my assumption is the largest numbers are bagholding calls rn.

Ammirite?
Congrats to the people who listened to me about how PLTR would play out. +170-200% on calls on the run up and these $17 puts will print tomorrow. Special fuck you to the broke guy who tried berating me for telling him it would tank today, I know you held.
LMAO. I feel like people are only bearish on NIO because they’re salty they didn’t get in before $20. They had SO. MANY. CHANCES.
Going to jerk off to videos of bad ass BECKY butts on PTON bikes tonight for 🤞 good luck
No, you can buy puts and make money on the way back down.
I aint selling im gonna get fucked by amazon or get gains tryinf
At least i don't down vote when i am down 30k. I know I'm the retard that caused this. It just motivates me to lose more and continue my terrible habits.
Record numbers??  Bullish af
I bought TSLA at 432.

F
It’s already back up to -3%...are you gonna join the call?
Very true. But all that matters is what news comes out throughout the night. I’m rolling it all into 11/20 puts after this if it doesn’t pay out yet. Sadly if we open green I lose half my portfolio
This. He might be a pro-China shill and not a dumbass. China Communist Party literally owns a huge share of Reddit..
There's only exponential loss if you sell options. If you're buying options, you can only lose what you put into it.

Most people buy options to trade them later for profit. If you plan on holding to the expiry date you should be using them as a hedge or something.
Stuck with shares as I forced myself not to dick with options for the sake of learning more. 

Sold 75 percent of my shares and held 25 percent for the off chance it moons. Currently not feeling that bad atm. My profits will outweigh any losses incurred by my shares unless it drills to like 3 bucks a share.
Jesus.

For the first case, your broker will (hopefully) exercise or sell that shit for you. Otherwise you’re down the 100x2.

For the second case you’re down the $200.
Did you forget July and August
Feels like their bottom is $12.5, at $9 they have support though - it didn't really go that much lower after the direct listing

But too soon really to tell. Their outlook was good, said customers are diversifying, and revenue growth looks pretty good as well.

I want in, but not at $14
It will run AH today
It's not a really good stock. It's just getting pumped into oblivion by stocktwits and WSB.

It's actually a fairly shit stock.
I even post the name of the site and you call me a conspiracy nut. It's frustrating that the pics and videos (HUNDREDS of them) are there and you don't believe me.
Didn’t you hear, Pfizer cured rona
thank u for the dip bers
China ppt needs somewhere to put all the money they aren't pumping into BABA right now.
RKT was close to 200% IV and I thought that was insane lmao
For my sake, I hope it comes out tomorrow.
Long term outlook is good for Shopify. Short term vaccine news is bad. It's gonna get stuck imo
Are you serious? It’s a SPAC with no news yet, still trading near NAV
Yeah, market's closed.
This is why they don’t let everyone trade options
If going up then buy if not then wait for consolidation
Dude disney+ is a gold mine. It's not a theme park company anymore. It's actually undervalued at this point cause there's not enough content yet
If PLTR come back up after the call, load up on puts tomorrow.
Quality meme right here ngl
Your money should belong in an ira, paper hands mother fucker 😂
Wait till earnings and see how it reacts
Earnings tmrw, probably good like xpeng
You belong here
revenue up, net earnings up

client concentration down

expanding into new areas like Covid

$1,8bn in cash

this company is going to run the world eventually.  once in a generation opportunity.
Yes unless your broker exercised the option for you because they were itm. But iirc that shouldn't happen.
I wonder if customer retention problem could be because Palantir come in, provide the service to the company needs and then the company likes the results and calls it quits as they got what they needed. They’ll soon come back when they realise they need it more
To be fair, boomers probably bequeathed 90% WSB accounts
Sold my LI before closing. Damn paper hands. Worth buying in tomorrow?
Scuffed Asian Elon dick suckers are the worst. Fuck off with you and your dumb ass bootleg company.
It’s up 40% since IPO, and this is it’s first earnings. People taking profits because there’s still a lot that is unknown.
Run away
What changed? It’s now $50 back then it was a penny stock lol
Like. All software comapnies in the beginning....
I’m like 1-10 on earning plays this is so awful
Nobody tell him
I play it a few times just to vibe like the cat
Fucking christ I need $ipoc to do something.  Have 200x 11/20 $10c for .05.
Yup, and unfortunately good ethics doesnt buy lambos
Upvoting everything for the lulz
any ideas when this communist dogshit nio is going down?
Just a casual -3% day tomorrow would suffice, you know nothing too crazy
60k is a lot of money
From 17k to 1.5k to 22k 
Up 100% today, 1000% this month, and 30% all time. Never give up boys I almost threw my hat in at 1.5k. 

NIO 13c 1/15/21 x 20
Why did you pull out all of your money slowly? I don’t see any positions at all.
hahahaahahahaha, i had so many stock bros trying to pull me back in - I been telling them its a dead dream 2017 was the top.... get ready to not see shit happen for another 4 years.
Down vote if you're gay
God damn disney
That's funny because mirror scenes are a big thing in Equilibrium too.
Gnus
Li Auto 20%+ spike tomorrow.
Nah nio is that new car that passes McQueen in Cars 3 or whatever  while he's the old car
At least the lobby music is nice and soothing
You don't want to claim the stock you want resell the option.
Stop, my penis can only get so erect.
Dude my puts are fucked. They were up like 150% too.
All these gains can be deleted with a bad ER
brother when you need to make payroll for 100+ employees talk to me.  until then drop yourself back into the college kid pool where you belong.
Nio spammers ruining this thread Jfc. We get it, it’s a really good stock
if spy opens red tomorrow idk
Bra why u gotta drop the n word tho that’s not cool :(
Im caressing his ball sack to see if it will make PLTR go up
i like how the put industrial design and floral design in the same sentence. also, i didn't happen to see WSB trader
We have another run up like that esp pre market I’ll just dump em
As a homosexual I'm proud to be holding gAyMD calls
$XPEV for the W, cause people can actually afford xpev cars
[deleted]
I bought a 55c 11/13 for .08 this morning hoping it would run AH today
you think it's coming tomorrow or a week from now
I’m on the palantir earnings call for the shits, this  hold music should be played at my funeral if this goes tits up.
[deleted]
If you expect negative news and numbers why spy up tomrrow?
U fuck idiot go thru his history he started w a reasonable sum (100k). Held thru the initial downswing even tho everyone tell him to sell
Looking at spy’s three month chart gives me some hope
Need a zoom gap up so I can retire early
+850%
Pltr : it hasn’t turned profit EVER. So far. 
 
Has had consistent high *revenue* but abysmal earnings, every year so far (I’m obviously including pre-IPO). It just posted LOSS PER SHARE. 
  
Don’t buy in based on misleading media titles ffs. Gamble based on my awesome DD: pltr is ethically evil and irl villains win.  
Has a mastermind running the shots, stabilizing the price constantly.  
It’s the dystopian future, now.
Can’t go tits up. 
  
Tl;dr: I exited at max yesterday. I’ll go back in at later time, it’s Long term play.
You know you're allowed to have multiple portfolios right? That's my strategy, plus webull and others will lift it free once.
Holy shit dude, you're actually going to make me break this down?

OP implied that Jack Ma needs to suck the dick of the communist party.

I replied that that makes no sense because he *is* the communist party.

Its that simple. The end. Why are you so confused?
Just become a pharmacist guys. Start over 6 figs and you get to hate your life every day. What more could you ask for!?
Bro what the fuck are you doing you were at 2.7M at one point
Alcohol and tobacco lobby
Currently drunk from the day and dying at all these downvotes right now hahahahaaha.
I think person downvoting got burned by Disney....too.

Sigh I got fucked by the mouse.
Don’t know how that would make sense.  It would drop almost $20?
You’re ok don’t worry
dont do that... dont give me hope. I literally need a meteor to hit bezos for this to print
Hell yeah both at 22.
TSLA had a great buying opportunity today while Gyna EV gets all the fomo
maybe, but we know roughly when a vaccine will be coming now, so that’s getting priced in
Completely agree with that. “So autistic it just may work” lol
Uh
At that level of wealth it's not worth the risk of surgical complication.
Yo why did it moon
I'm waiting until $100.  Jan 2022 LEAPS baby.
I cannot understand why, of all the posts I read through today, this specific post spoke to me and said "yeah, sure, go ahead and do it!" 

 38.50p 11/20

Smh.
wait for $10
Watching the earnings call for PLTR right now. 52% YoY growth higher revenue guidelines by 44%. But lower customer retention, remains to be seen as the reason why that is.
Half of my life's savings (2K) are in the 3 Chinese TSLA so I can totally watch this all day.
Yeah I think this but got burnt the other day buying too early
Hi guys, I'm a complete newbie and a fucking retard on top of that so I could be very wrong here but I have a question:

My impression is that options (calls) simply expire if you do not claim them by agreed expiration date.

Say for instance I buy two #ABC calls for $100 and they go up to $300. I forget to claim them by agreed date. I simply lost $100, correct?

Expanding on that - if I were to buy five #ZXY calls for $200 and they somehow shit to $-50,000. I (obviously) never claim the money and wait for the contract to expire. Am I now $50,200 in debt or am I still only down $200 as the contract expired?

Thank you so much!
Why did LI skyrocket AH, ER leak?
Some people just wanna watch the world burn
elon been too fkn quiet. u need to step up and show these chinese niggaz how its done.
I was thinking putting all the money into DIS OTM call 11/13 and I knew it’s gonna go up bigly but I don’t have balls. Fuck me I deserve the L
I mean logically, yes. But has much even reopened enough to impact the economy? Sucks to say but it feels like covid is priced in.
Might wanna rethink this. Hahah take that you anti-boomer. Not a boomer but you had me scared.
US about to shatter covid record again today. We are already almost past yesterday and Texas hasn’t even reported yet. And we still have 4 more hours of reporting. 

SPY 357 tomorrow.
Bought BLNK ah $9.50 via rh
Lol why
If the market were rational, then there is basically no scenario in which any sane and mentally healthy person could make an honest case for anything over $100, and even that would be... pretty outrageously optimistic.

Positions: 

NIO 150c 11/27

NIO 200c 12/18
LI is 10% up just after hours
People still buying baby yodas
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/sijaz321 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Im only here for the downvotes.
Zuckerberg is married to a Chinese woman so China is taking over
Shockingly politicians lie for votes
you still have to wait on settlement when comparing against margin
You know your right when the only thing thing they can counter with is a grammer mistake
Any idea on resistance?
No, I used Sundays futures and my thought process that the price will go up from the hype. How do I learn about option data?are you talking about using the greeks?
[deleted]
Fuck you congrats that’s hot
12/18 30c duh
Because i am sure
[deleted]
Hopefully. Im banking on both.
Don’t think someone dumb would write a shit ton of 20p contracts
are we at bottom for pltr?
I didnt play DIS only spy puts. But with cases spiking and DIS mooning tech should soar tomorrow which means my puts are fucked. I was looking for Spy to hit 350.75 before selling it hit 351.50 and bounced.
Damn, you actually swipe away the cards? I used to do that until I started suffering massive losses. Then I became to focused on that to bother swiping (let alone reading) the cards.

No wonder you're making money.
You could have bought like 10000 shares of any gold miner and sell 100 fucking ATM calls 2 months out for 10k premium. Nope, better lose it all on 0dte SPY calls
Seems so autistic given world governments tightening Covid restrictions.
That hard, thick Vaccine lumps ALL the time
Loaded up on LI calls before close....
Might wake up a millionaire at this rate
Seems $DIS surprised people with subscribers to Disney+ , 73M!
What do people think about SHOP? Feels like they are destined to go back to $1000+ after premature vaccine selloff. More closures/lockdowns should be good for them, and they have dramatically increased earnings and market share, but have also pumped significantly all year and might be stuck in a range until more news/earnings.
My bad, you're a true wsb autist. Shame on me for assuming you were a pussy. Now turn that back into $7000 and lose it all eventually.
When the expectations aren't even real, the sky is the limit
AMD = Prozac. Smarten up.
United terminal at IAH with a huge Zoom ad. Calls on both
If you just flip your phone upside down you're set to be one of those YouTube financial gurus.
Let me get my crystal fucking ball, hold on
Thoughts on going cash account for unlimited options daytrades
[deleted]
[20 Top Jobs for Millennials Who Want To Make Six Figures](https://www.yahoo.com/news/20-top-jobs-millennials-want-130000222.html)

>.#1 Designers

>It takes approximately 24 years in the workforce to earn six figures as a designer.

😂
LI BEARS SO FUCKED
Imgay
I heard Elon got the idea for Tesla from the creators of NIO
Too high already
Whoever’s doing the mass downvoting are a bunch of fuckin lames. Ain’t our fault you got burned lol
Imagine getting Tim Apple's name wrong.
someone is really upset about my puts.. let em print
pltr bulls are so mad mass downvoting
15% upside by 2022..
Covid Cases at an ATH in the USA. Biden / Harris administration coming in January. Next lockdown incoming. Spy puts 4 days when that shit hits the fan
Beyond meat gang how we looking tomorrow? I have two calls for tomorrow and getting little nervous
Well glad I picked up 100 more shares of Li before close. ill be back later gonna call my mom and tell her to tell dad to start talking to me again.
Someone give me a move tmr
Guh
I have Jan 21 and Jan 22 15 and 17 calls. Sold some 20strike nov13 and still
Holding 500 shares bought at 10.2 which I sold $11x feb21 calls against for like $500 or so at the time
Man I wish I had unlimited day trades on TD
Jokes on you.  It won’t be down, ever again
loaded up on tsla monthlies
LI TO THE MF MOOOON
Yes. Limit trade.
HEY NIO PUTS BAGHOLDERS

THANKS FOR THE DOWNVOTES
Looks more like a fuck nose to me
[removed]
Also explain it to me as if i were bagholding 75 shares
call investor relations at KO
Probably it’s a little to late to hop on that train sadly
how can you be sure... its dropped.
Happy to lose some karma if it helps them blow off some steam. After all, they bought calls from me
big ole yikes here
id love to have an analyst just upgrade sq to 250 or something ridiculous
You dumbass downvoting every comment, you do realize that this thread is sorted by new by default, and upvote/downvote won't do shit?
Hey, me to!! Same price and time. Can we be PLTR buddies!
Hoping the same price action happens for NIO and its earnings
When you invest in stocks you invest for the future dumbass. Just because they aren’t making profit now doesn’t mean they won’t make profit when back fully open...
Yeah and then there's an article where it says NIO will consolidate at it's 50 day moving average. Which is around 30 bucks.
[deleted]
Imagine getting happy about your PLTR FD puts. 🤡
I love how NIO will only benefit from these other EV companies mooning on earnings 🤗
Invest PLUG now!
355
that's oddly specific
I hate you
I tried to time NIO once.

Once.
It jump to 144 after hours, the mouse strikes back
Hey bud, see the site I mentioned and decide for yourself; you'll find out you've been complimenting yourself as an "autist" while all the while being a retard.
You know all the downvotes are from those who missed NIO
Fastly and Fisker 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏

I can afford Wendy’s tonight holy shit
Luck?
hmm, could go either way tomorrow since today was flat as fuck
Its entirely possible
Very risky lol
So XPEV’s numbers were that good?!
Selling at $25
I know I could’ve seen some real tendies if I wasn’t so much of a pussy
[removed]
binance
LI up 8% AH 

Chinese EV Bears Extinct
GLW they make the glass vials for the vaccine 2/19 50c
i'm glad CSCO is going to at least let me get out even after all these months.
The over reaction on this sub makes me feel like I’m back in high school
You didnt say anything everyone didn't already know
Hmm I guess Li beat
God damn LI
What did you "invest" in?
Same here. Had $127p for 11/20
gambling👏your😈rent🙆money💅is👈fine👁️👄👁️
We in here
This was 2.6 million less than a month ago. How do you sleep?
Baba baby the reversal gon start soon? U go when u feel like it hun, no pressure
Hey rere's talking about PLTR, call hasn't even started yet. Don't precum yet you little incels!
[deleted]
8%
Even the down days seem so fake. Up days are fake, down days are fake. What do the numbers mean?!
[deleted]
If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.
Its pretty fucked up with all the American kids who need a family to adopt them, bezos went and got a kid from China. Not like the obstacle of money that other families here have would apply to him.
Praying the pullback is Monday or after a run up to $50 tomorrow. Xpeng also reported a loss
Looks worse than it really is. Calls are going to print hugely by next quarter.
Disney has fucked me for the last time today
That’s the plan for now
Thanks! I’m actually reading that exact article right now haha
Execs sold their shares? source please
The Gun Kata. Through analysis of thousands of recorded gunfights, the Cleric has determined that the geometric distribution of antagonists in any gun battle is a statistically predictable element. The gun kata treats the gun as a total weapon, each fluid position representing a maximum kill zone, inflicting maximum damage on the maximum number of opponents while keeping the defender clear of the statistically traditional trajectories of return fire. By the rote mastery of this art, your firing efficiency will rise by no less than 120%. The difference of a 63% increase to lethal proficiency makes the master of the gun katas an adversary not to be taken lightly.
[deleted]
Next up BYDDF.
Lol you must not like money
UBS says 15% upside on the S&P. That’s pretty high considering AAPL, FB, AMZN, & MSFT are all at 30+X earnings. 

Banks and energy would have to rally, or that isn’t likely
PLTR is totally gonna open green tomorrow.
What's going on with PSX?  
Going up and down 4%
Not just a car company
I don’t think 300 is fair. 

Maybe 55 max.
That earnings whispers thing doesn’t have the Disney earnings fml still wouldn’t have played it
What an ugly piece of shit
Yo fucking kill me I literally bought puts today
Lmao someone is downvoting everything because they lost money on NIO. Lmao fuck you.
what's the percent gain you ever had playing options
Yeah, it means there are a *lot* of retarded people out there.
Could you help me understand?
You don't own 100 shares and you sold a call? Hahaha
30*15 weeklies lol the iv crush alone would probably be enough lol
This is comfort reading after buying it @$16.7 at open 😣
LI @ 34 AH
Nope. Spy opens 345.
2006 Cayman S 3.4 H6, 6MT, bi-xenon lights, Atlas Grey metallic, IPD plenum, GT3 intake & throttle body, H&R springs, GT3 brake cylinder & braided steel lines, FVD exhaust & tune, stone grey leather interior.
Tomorrow we moon
Sad canadian sounds
That UVXY and VXX spike today was huge, looking like a rugpull coming in futures.
Did you see the site I mentioned, dumass? It's 100% real, ffs. Don't people use their own eyes any more?
And what did you learn
gonna moon tomorrow
seriously, the AH move is not normal, what is up with that?
https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/032515/what-options-implied-volatility-and-how-it-calculated.asp this might give you some answers
Pesos?
And they're not gonna make money until q3 2021
0DTE for that sounds risky!
Learn about options before you make contracts Jesus dude
[deleted]
True, but there were times this week that the plays were down and I stuck to my guns and rode it out. Although it never got too bad in the red at any point. So valid point
Very different than luckin coffee but ok
The dot-com bubble and NASDAQ was mentioned on Jeopardy today...

Rest in peace, Alex Trebek. 🙏🏼❤
[deleted]
a miata
Was watching golf all day, what did I miss? We’re locking down again?
DEEZ NUTS
It will consolidate naturally, and then continue mooning. Nothing to worry about bois
it wouldn't be any fun if it was. lemme see them 💎👋🏻
Only have 2 LI calls 

Sad day
NIO 🩳 angry downvoting the thread
green day tmw i say 17 by eod
Ass.
LOWER
Holy shit LI after hours
More like crying in chinese
I am buying more LEAPS tomorrow if it stays down overnight

I doubt it will
Chlorophyll? More like Borophyll
So vaccine news announced. NASDAQ falls nearly 350$ overnight from 12250 down to 11990. 

Now. Lockdown will be announced and WFH will be a staple: NASDAQ will STILL GO DOWN FURTHER BECAUSE THANK DOW JONES.

No matter what happens.. NASDAQ will drop -_-
He's the cook. It's literally his name. Making some sweet apple pies.
That rally at the end turned my 4K profit into 750. Really really really hoping for some news about lockdowns or something. I just need a 5 bagger and I’m done for good
Let it expire worthless.
Once Europe wakes up I think it heads down
Same.. lets see how it goes now
I almost bought calls - but thought it was too risky
You’re always saying I’m illiterate...? Like what does that even *mean*???
don't fuck with the mouse dude. Wildly unpredictable stock, LOL
I was just playing it for a daytrade and didn't sell in time had no intention on keeping my puts into tomorrow. I had nothing to do with DIS only the spy.
Thank you. I have been telling myself this this week and taking time and a breath while placing trades.

Hopefully I stick to it. I’ve had many “traps” where I hit a big win and then immediately lost is the next day or two. 

Today, I did make a move in not super proud of chasing ZM calls after I’ve been winning on them the past few days. Hopefully tomorrow doesn’t teach me another lesson
Welp should’ve pulled out on Disney. Pigs get slaughtered
Do you have 100 shares of nio to sell?
I dont even know what DD means lol, I know it means research but not sure what the abbreviation stands for.
Cheers^
Totally, which is what I was saying. We've got vaccines in the reasonably near future and now we know that even with 100% of the planet infected, it would be super ugly, but not the end of society as we know it or anything. We could definitely see a couple super red weeks though once we hit a tipping point with enough places locking down again.
He owns a NIO, Xpeng, and Li.
Oh ur the sucker that sold me that this morning and made me an 80% return. Thanks boo boo
That shit scared me!  
I thought the NIO bubble had burst.
Hmmm, double top kind off... on Nasdaq... I would wait for a close above
You son of a bitch, I'm in
Nclh calls? Amirite?
PLTR Coming back fuck you bears
Im holding shares too, but my question to you is why do you think that they are so awesome ?
Nice
She was in Silicon Valley for a while and some music videos as far as I know
What's the AH consensus on SPY? I'm hoping that we have a big open, could use boost to my flat AF portfolio
They are going to report a loss, although these stocks can literally gain 15% on a loss earnings report I’m hoping they have a slight pullback after all today’s strength.
You fool! Never bet against china.
If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.

If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.

If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.

If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.

If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.
https://investors.palantir.com/home/default.aspx
Peep disney after hours

Yes I bought disney puts today.

Fml.
He likes to dress up as batman when he nails her, she got that joker smile.
not sure
Yeah man, this isn't even that juicy of a dip

I want to scoop up shares around $12.5 again :(
Deleted his account cuz fucking pumping tickers to retards
Are u fucking dumb, he just said his puts went up
Any clue what happened?
If TSLA hit 420, NIO will hit 69.
God i hope so.
I doubled down on PLTR on the downward slope, lost 6% today, looking for it to flip next week.

Meanwhile NIO has kept me sane, being that I'm still in CRON and bought the top on TSLA
Subscribers
52% increase of YoY Q3 revenue, which is apparently a bearish signal
Literally only because I got puts.
My point is that I was responding to the person I responded to?

What's your point?
[deleted]
Green tomorrow. Calls at open
Dude give me a break, you were just posting about eating hot dogs for dinner four nights in a row. 

At the end of the day, you’re taking a piss on a bunch of college kids in here all because your plays are even worse than theirs.
People hoping for 737 MAX news
same here bro. rip us
Nothing, look at volume someone fat fingered buy
TIL ☝️
Holding long, It'll be back up in a week.
I’m yelling timberrrr
Take profit on Nio at 65.
holy fuck I been craving those i hope they come back soon
Its restoring a little bit
I reckin it might just
Fuck you, you stupid fuck. I hope you’re holding calls bitch.
Buy the dip pussies
Emotion only comes into play when you lose not when you are gaining.
always play the long game with big data
Probably people who don’t have access to buy stocks
Full retard sold all my calls before NIO mooned
Never bet against America bitch!
NIO so strong. Undeniable strength.
lol jesus hahaha, at that point just pray.
And tanks, as is the tradition
It's already going back up, can't fight vs retard strength.
Got fucked by GME gang and PLTR gang. I'm doubling down on PLTR though.
Nah stocks are dropping for a little that pump at the end was fake
Lol.
Oof
Could always protect with a collar but will cap your gains
Always buy the dip; this just helps you decide which flavor.
I don't have to, see you just did it for me.  Thanks
Go to r/pennystocks
Lower
Why is the volume on 11/13 BA calls so high?!

185c has 25k
I mean.. their long term outlook is fine. It’s not like it’s fundamentally changed their demand and value proposition. Maybe they’ll pay back debt a little later, or some quality will suffer. They have pelnty of wiggle room.
Glad to see this thread properly tagged DD.
Half of my portfolio is long volatility.

You tell me
They didn't miss out on TSLA, and they are already in NIO. The market cap jumped over $25 billion in the last month and it wasn't because of the autists here
AH price action today is fucking lit, what in the hell is going on??
some group of kids with a discord to feel important
Tomorrow would be great
any small dim on LI, NIO or XPEV going tits deep. Hope this isn't the same as when I went tits deep into Solar/renewables rofl
I got Puts on Li Auto just a feeling lol.... but if im wrong and they pop like XPENG tmrw i will buy in morning
We’re alive, looking forward to load up on more shares
Whoever is downvoting, please upvote me
I pray IV crush won’t eat your tendies.
[deleted]
Don’t bet against the mouse. They teach you that in kindergarten.
DIS bears are attacking us
[deleted]
But we made money fucking with the rat in March..
I just bought another 500
Lol you mad?
Hey if it makes me money what do I care? Hit and run, baby.
huge net losses?

operating income was 73mm vs a 92mm loss for the same quarter last year

revenue up to 289mm for the Q vs 191mm last year for the same Q

1.8bn in cash and equivalents at 9/30
bulls like to shit
10 and 20 baggers should mainly be chased with lower initial $$$ since they're so unlikely to hit.  You did good.
Hmmm, they only need to pop about 35-40% for those to break even!!!!! Classic  


P.S. I may have sold you 2 of those!
Bruh how the hell are we supposed to know the answer to that lol
Such a perfect “fuck you”. Everyone went from hating this girl to being confused on how to perceive her within 5 seconds.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You’ve hit a dangerous point where you don’t care and it’s just numbers. Be wary.
Some salty bois lost a lot of money today so many downvotes
my puts are crying in spanish
What did I fuckin tell ya bud
I just bought the puts. I expect it to go down
Zm gonna break 1 billion revenue. It’s doubled each earnings report
💎🤚🏽
At least you didn’t lose it all!
Boooooo
Do you use options flow data at all?
I hope so

&#x200B;

remindme! 14 hours
does elon drive a NIO?
PLTR is run by a bunch of neck beard pseudo philosophy cucks who did acid at burning man once in their 400k RV and bang urban outfitter hoes with armpit hair.
Milana, the AT&T saleswoman, is awesome.  Did she star in any movies?
Yeah it’s way overbought on the 1 month, I hope it dips below $340 sometime next week, preferably tomorrow.
BLNK 182 EOY
We'll see tomorrow 😬
I doubt they would go below $12.5 to be honest
how... im red every day.
[deleted]
I'm short Ford
Link?
why does every single comment have 3-4 downvotes
Why not now?
i heard LI is loading up the hulk cock cannon as we speak
Tell me what play ur doing tomorrow so I can inverse it
I paper handed that shit on news of trumps executive order
[deleted]
-0.94 when 0.02 expected will do that
They’re gonna cook the books and you’re gonna get fucked.
We goin down
Positions or ban
Where my PLTR ppls at?
Ok ban pls
average down on your position, it will be 20 in no time
Tasty is the best! Their support is amazing. Yolo like there's no tomorro'!
This week has brought me from 98% down from my ATH to 90% down. And from 97% down past year to 87% down lol. Actually not feeling emotional while trading for once


We got this bihhhh. Never give up
Ha! I like that notion. CNBC praising PLTR right now FYI
Yea i loaded up another 100 at 13.55

Might buy another 100, doesn't look like it wants to go lower
Won't be as bad though.  Now we know we can recover from it all.  In March no one knew whether it was going to be a plague that killed us all or what.  Needs to be controlled sure but not nearly as scary as Spring.
You live and learn man. It also wasn’t anywhere near going to $24 and above when it was $5. It just started exploding last week from $15.50 to where we are at now.
So... you're fukd, got it
LI already up 5% holy shit
The death of PLTR has been greatly exaggerated.
Lock down talks are coming in I don’t understand the rally and EOD but oh well
TSLA RUMORED TO BE IN TALKS TO ACQUIRE NIO

JK. UNLESS...
no way
Cisco was a surprise
This is the way.
[deleted]
Rolling into higher strike.  Sell now (at least half) take profits and roll some of the new profits into higher strike that’s slightly OTM for at least 2-3 mo out.
Looks like pltr is gonna drop. He took the risk of holding through earnings even though he knows he shouldn’t have.
Can we expect market to be red tomorrow again ?
DIS got that Florida retard strength
Yolo yolo yolo
This
[deleted]
[removed]
Stfu
Couldn’t day trade my calls today so yeah
I think you're good, it'll be down but not as much as closer dates
Yeah it’s mind boggling that the price is still above IPO
I'm fucked DIS mooning and spy looking bullish for tomrrow after bouncing off the 351.50 resistance. Should have sold for a 50% profit at 3 pm. Now i will probably be out the game for 2 months until I have some cash flow to unload. Fuckkkkkkk mmmmmyyy lifffeee. I am sooo fucking dumb!
I'm all in on NIO 11/20. Gonna be a fun day tuesday. Taking off tomorrow...see yall then!
Maybe I’m lucky and you sold me those calls and I’ll make money on them tomorrow
What app is this?
SPY opens 346!
Yup. And luckin coffee had also announced revenue growing ten fold.
PLUG
looks like my account
Anyone in GM?
Guarantee PLTR opens green tomorrow
Even hedge funds are starting to look at NIO. They don’t want to miss out like they did with TSLA.
That would be amazing. I think he definitely can.
Yeah what's the deal with PSTH? I see people talking about it here and there and finally pulled up a chart and was like kinda boomer stock movement on it. Someone do a DD on it?
Wrong.
250?  like i said.  poor boys.
What’s this PLTR that everyone is crying about?
Another rough day for GME gang, hopefully the OI on these calls mean something for next week
I know we joke a lot about being bullish when COVID related stuff comes up but seriously DIS how the fuck are you up when you close parks due to COVID 😅😂🤣
That’s just normal trading you fucking retard
Lol
Yep it probably will
Spy 350 at open
Nah
That was a month ago. It’s gone up 2600% or something since then.
Strike?
But yeh diamond hands on both of these puppies. Short investors are fuckin stupid on these tickers
/r/dadjokes is not impressed
Somebody’s poisoned the water hole
The strike price or average down this very position?
Does anybody know when Cherry Vanilla Coke Zeros will be in stock again?
BNGO
NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO
U guys think peter and elon kissed while at paypal
Is that...bullish?
[removed]
porque no los dios?
Li Auto reports earnings in the morning at 8AM
i just bought in on XPEV in the trade window this morning and it suddenly spikes up, lmao.
I’m holding 200 shares lol
weak
Lol i'm glad i didn't do it
Sold most but tomorrow looking to close most. Idk if it’s worth holding over the weekend tbh
I could be wrong. Just never seen people talk about it. And generally people are shocked when they see low/high iv as if there isn’t a way to calculate it. Hopefully someone can answer this question for ya tho.
I only have brothers, you must be a bear
[deleted]
No. To my knowledge, if the underlying stock moves in the anticipated direction and then becomes ITM it would have made more than just outright purchasing an ITM call and it going up. You also have more leverage as those positions OTM would be cheaper relative to those ITM. Take this with a grain of salt because I’m a novice, but I’m fairly sure this is true. 

That’s why people roll up once they get ITM to further maximize their potential profits.
Im asking you whats your point ? Everyone knows CCP has a hand in every business.   Its been the policy since then 70s when they relaxed on state owned vs private. This was just a  personal flex .
Yes
Lol preach
I bought Disney puts 💀
[removed]
bought XPEV $20p 11/20 before market close. What do y'all thing?
WSB holding Peter Thiel's bags right now
>RIP Monday's gains. Anybody know when the next vaccine pump is to come?

I knew I should have taken gains but i was like "it's different this time, it has to be different this time, small sell-off Tuesday is normal to moon again Wednesday" and boy was I wrong.
People who lost money are sure going hard with the downvotes today.
Reeetards been saying that for a month straight. They all ded
We looking at the same pltr chart?
HOLD NIO UNTIL EARNINGS. YES IT WILL DROP BUT NOT UNTIL AFTER EARNINGS. 

REMEMBER TSLA SPLIT?
\*slaps hood of nio earnings report\* you can fit so much fraud in this bad boy
Say it with me, “SPY OPENS 356+”
No pre-ER pop for DKNG. This going to get messy
RKT flashbacks.  Except RKT profits literally Billions upon Billions of dollars.  Still treated like a penny stock.
Did draft exclusively w brown crayon tho? And somehow more important did they draw motion lines?
Maybe lol
Yolod calls for LI tomorrow. Either make stupid tendies or die broke
Broski, I clear over $250k annually with my regular work, you’re picking a fight with the wrong one.
fuck that's original.  did you ever consider starting an instagram account?
Fuck SBE and fuck SPACs.
$ZM
They will be ripped from my hands at $16.
The Fact that PLTR announced when they IPO’d  that they were a non profitable business yet people are trying to play earnings literally sums up WSB
So why is the price tanking AH
It is at a $0.96 LOSS per share lol...
Which precise model? 987 or 718? Base or S?
Wish i had the fucking crystal ball over here but seems like the chinese stonk traders have it rn.

Pretty sure we'll see green tomorrow
[deleted]
[deleted]
PALANTIR MORE LIKE POOPOOTIER
That's me with every single order. Trying to squeeze every penny out of the bid
I was too worried diamond handing the calls I bought during what I thought was the dip at $42 on Monday to buy or sell anything when it hit $39. Should have loaded up on $50C 😭
AMAT has record performance despite COVID pls go higher
this is the way
It’s almost been a year but if you ever in Vegas n play roulette put some money on 22 for yeah boi lol
Nvm i jinxed it
Because sometimes $7000 turns into $50 when you trade options
Let's goooo. I have 10 shares yay.
Your original comment tells me you haven't either
Lol $33.26
Part of that 5%.
Will I get assign PLTR at 11?
Man I got 18c 12/24 man I hope I break even lol
I can't wait for for NIO to be down 1% tomorrow and all the shills here with FD's cry for a day, turn into the Gains Goblin they hate. then leave the sub forever.
The moon has set where I am. So if it’s going down, it’s mooning relative to me.
What’s your next move
I would average down
haha :P
They switched from a dividend stock to a growth stock by adding Disney plus...
It seems that if we close the day red and have a rally like that in the last 10 minutes we gap up
[deleted]
The fuck was that LULU AH action?  5% increase in one shot
Anyone know why FSLY jumped 2% AH? I sold my call already but holding like 400 shares, wondering if I should dump them and buy back when the inevitably dip again

I didn't think we would see $78 till the next hella green Chadsdaq day
Yeap
Only worth what someone will pay for it
hrmmm lol.. no wonder :( all into NIO! or EV, most action during market hours lol
[deleted]
Ya, well I wasn't planning on holding the options until 2022 so maybe I should have told all those laughing at me 😎
[deleted]
I know. He must already be rich if he's willing to take that big a risk.
BLINK WHAT
Ditch this guys wife’s boyfriend and marry my boyfriends boyfriend
[deleted]
\>The fuck does that mean?

&#x200B;

Undervalued relative to price to book, for one
Bye
The stock is already up
Look up PRAM/SMC reset, try that
[deleted]
up on the day actually.  not nearly as much as i should have been but profit is profit
Faxx I feel like a whole dumbass,especially when I didn't have a reason to sell and it was right when I woke up too. I had that ps5 money. I feel discouraged and frustrated with myself but I'll learn from this
Im holding on with knuckles of diamons and balls of brass.  But I'm retatrded, so dont get hopeful...
starts 5pm est
They will, you have to hold PSTH at least until the merger target is announced, if not through merger.

Did you expect the price to rocket up on zero news??
should i buy it now at $14.50?
Holding onto my palantir stocks until someone rips them out of my cold dead hands.
thx added. 11/13 lmao
their from a private firm.
it just shot up to pre covid price and parks are closed... i would just take profit.
As anyone that was here during March would say..... don't fuck with the rat.
I thought rockets only went up.  RKT had a really good quarter why isn't it mooning?
Yet stock is plummeting
Damn, bet against the mouse and lost. Luckily it was just for shits and gigs
indeed
With DIS mooning, Spy looking very bullish for tomorrow
Yes shares and if it beats it should run tom so calls at open.
Why?
11/13 QQQ 299C x 100
Super bullish on Zoom. Listen fuckers, they oversold the shit out of it with that vaccine bs, schools everywhere are closing back up, Biden “officially” president is coming super soon, and this shit isnt over. Market agress as its up almost 50-60 dollars since Monday. I think we get back into the 500 next week
[deleted]
goes to 10, who knows what’s after that
People are going to get the same shot twice and then get covid the following fall 😅
Maybe its my retardation but im pretty sure xpengs was a catalyst for these Chinese EV companies. They established a base point with their car sales, if xpeng missed earnings and dipped heavy other EVs would've followed.
It’s trading at a 547 P/E, it’s insanely overvalued imo and most others. Vaccines are on the horizon. 

But It has some crazy retard strength and lockdowns are starting again. All hinges on vaccine news and the potential for more lockdowns I’m thinking.
What do you mean by rolling?
Your deep in the money calls are going to be almost all intrinsic value. You want the iv to drop after you sell them. I’m not an options expert. I bought shares and debit spreads.
you're not. 

XPEV announced they beat earnings projections last night and all chinese EV stonks mooned today.

LI's earnings announcement is tomorrow morning before market open, they're expected to beat as well, all chinese EV stonks will moon. 

next week is NIO's earnings announcement. they're expected to beat. all chinese EV stonks will launch into the 4th fucking dimension, suck the paint off your house, and give your family a permanent orange afro.
Yeah, I'm confused. Everything with weight only got a small bump. Indices got boosted like a mofo.. and the only thing they're holding that's a late rocket is dis?
Might recover by December
I have PLTR 20C for 5/21/21. Do I need to be worried about earnings or should I just put my phone away and relax
correct
How did you manage to get 85k?
nibble my foreskin welfare boy
What's it called when you contribute $4000 and you lose money but then gain right back up to $4000? Because that's what keeps happening to me. Like, a lot.
Trump will save us
You know when you see downvotes everywhere people are salty and have been wiped out and are  on the verge of blowing their brains out
Please don’t bring that up again. It still hurts.
is the call still going?
Show me on the doll where the bad market hurt you today
losses
Ooo sorry boss was replying to my inbox and hit the wrong response.
Can you do this on Robinhood?
lol only time people lost money was when it trades flat, coiling for next leg up lol
Just let it get exercised and sell calls.  If it even gets that low. It's a decent company, read the report.
It was meant to be funny.  If I was posting this in /r/investing I would have made the title "Trump signs executive order setting up framework for banning investments into China"
Omg I almost put all my NIO gains into DIS puts lmfaooo thank you wsb gods
[deleted]
their, nice braniac.
[deleted]
PLTR bulls get fooked
NIO WILL BE 100 and u will still be broke ass biznatch
Buy high sell higher is how my mind processes it lol
Same
Ban
buy ranch in Utah, install solar roof. problem solved :P
Like Ballmer crazy?
At this point, PLTR is just playing with my feelings? My 16.5© aren't looking so great.
Tell me about it 😢
expiry?
SPY 0.97% EOD
it is going to shoot up tomorrow

earnings report was money.  yes, I actually read it.
354 ah on spy. prob gonna go back to 356 tomorrow
Be nice to see it by EOY
Big brain move.
Including yours 😂
 Lol minus five pct? I think my naked calls would be fine tomorrow lol
Absolutely FUCK Disney. Had super meh earnings and still pump while other companies kill it and plummet. And my insure calls are too OTM to make anything either. Fuck everything, I never get earnings right
I dont see any positions that are -99% so don't be a pussy, diamond hands fucker
calls have like 200%+ IV need to just leverage the fuck on shares lol 3x margin on shares lol
what we thinkin PLTR does tomorrow?
I was planning on that but my inner mouse cuck said they can't go hire than prepandemic
Rip us
this tells me you haven't been around here very long
Are you expecting an intelligent, well thought out, investment related discussion in this sub?

90% of messages are communicated via memes
I feel like people will sell off before the weekend. I sold my 41c this afternoon and bought puts for Friday sell off. I'll buy calls again Tuesday before market close
I’m afraid I can’t post a link here but the name is: NIO Shareholders Club
When will baba see 300?
Wow I lost that and a lot  more in the last 10 minutes. You’ll be alright
Pain
I am going to struggle so much deciding whether or not to hold my option positions into $NIO earnings. I’m holding May 2021 and Jan 2022 but am still tempted to roll into earnings with only shares.
Pltr price too high imo
Selling all my shit, missed earnings by 4800% LOL
What are you asking me?
Buy low, sell high.

Literally free money when it dropped bigly this week.

&#x200B;

What other sign do you need, fellow autist.
RIP Monday's gains. Anybody know when the next vaccine pump is to come?
[deleted]
Salty bear.
1,270%
You’re dumb
Rip
You doing well, taking the money and walking away from an addiction is brave
it is scary stuff, that is why I want to own it

it is like Goldman Sachs, you either want to be a shareholder or work there... no other relationships are acceptable
Awe someone had a bad day
Wrong thread. I think you are looking for NIO.

There is absolutely nothing Chinese about PLTR.
More trial results will be announced in Dec, Jan, and March, and more throughout 2021. Very bullish!!!
Anyone else see that PLTR jump
awesome. I'm buying the dips.
Congrats and fuck off
Commenting to get this up higher. Guys don’t panic sell.
It'll be back to 15 by eod tomorrow
What are we expecting this to drop to tomorrow?
tbh nio has been the longest surviving stock on here lol
Well ... no theta burn in shares. They will be fine long term.
Beat by 42%. I’m just hoping Peter Thiel does a line of coke during the conference at 5:00 otherwise I’m cutting my losses lol
no, but be careful. i heard general tso's bat was the cause of the coronavirus
Downvote goblin lmao 😂
No wonder I never want to wake up in morn. I thought it was driven by hatred for work.
Ever heard of sarcasm? Not OP cause he serious tho
[deleted]
[removed]
Those Greeks are gross 😂
It made me forget how 2 tipe
Downvote goblin 👺👺👺
You Might as well have bought stock at that point that’s probably why you got laughed at
People don't get it RKT is an old company that has no growth potential. 

&#x200B;

PLTR is an old company that does the biatch work in the data world for government/defense. The best stocks work on commercial products for government work. As they say it is good enough for government work.
masters and scotch, ahh. think woods can win er again?
Congrats hold it till expiration!
I would only do shares of zoom tbh. Yeah, we are likely going back into lockdown, but we are also starting to get a timeline together of when this (seemingly) incredibly effective vaccine will be accessible to everyone. It’s less than a year out, and the market is perfectly capable of pricing that in today. 

I think this has sparked a WFH revolution that might not be priced in though, so it could get back to its dominant position, which is why I’d consider shares.

Tl;dr: just because something will get short term business soon doesn’t mean its stock price will go up considerably with it.
[deleted]
im new here, what does dip mean?
Here
Will buy you your favorite drink if that happens
Wouldnt you sell right before the lockdowns official for a drop. Then buy in anticipation of a stimulus hits, then moon? So right now sell?
It's overvalued to shit. But, it will keep going up as long as euphoria lasts. Who knows. Could be a day, could be a year.
Show me that dirty ss I’ve got a huge chub in anticipation
[deleted]
Not “an idiot” ... “THE idiot” show some respect to one of the WSB all time greats
Monday
Here’s a full list of all 31


https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Just trying to figure out future prices and obviously IV is a big piece of the premium
You've marked this submission as an earnings thread. It's important that your post contains earnings estimates and is updated when the actual earnings are released. If this is just a simple discussion or question thread, please change the flair.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Need Peter Thiel to go KRAZY
lololol
I almost bought ACB calls today. Now I’m probably removing it off my watch list lol why does the government hate weed so much
Made my day! see you at the top
I sold a  pltr 15P  11/20. How fucked am i
Gonna be fucking crazy
this place is pure shite.  flavor of the day only.  now it's all pltr and nio.  what next?  fucking robinhood boys and their $200 accounts.  fuck right off poors.
>everyboody playing Ps5 xbobxxx
Dis and csco carrying market tomorrow.

Also, bought PLTR shares on that dip and will continue to do so under 13
Let me know when you guys want NIO to tank, I’ll buy some calls
I need to quit trading.

Sold my Nio Calls I was up 150% on and moved it into puts.

Held onto PLTR calls I was up 200% on

Bought Spy Puts

Bought Lyft Puts

Holding bags AMZN

Somehow let some idiot here convince me that PSTH shares were going to make me rich.
LI 50 EOW
Bought more PLTR AH.
She? Are you implying a woman can be a judge??
Tesla back to 420.69 tomorrow.   


Chinese challenge over.
Same brother like fuck me I was eying it at 18 
Fuck!!! Congrats to all others
So you intentionally wrote your headline for inaccurate clickbait?
Powell talked today. Green tomorrow. Don’t worry
I’m asking the same thing damn
LI finna pop to 45 tomorrow.  And I see the downvote goblin is back. Lmao buy calls loser
So what ?
Lmao!  I hope you meant *puts.
[deleted]
I can't believe NIO is still at it. I thought by now it would have wiped out half of WSB.
They had me in the first half
Haha I was actually looking at those but decided to go 1730p to try and be a little safer. Confidence level not too high right now but we’ll see
That’s why you always do the opposite of what these clowns say lol. Disney calls always.
You'd think he could afford a dentist
Feeling real confident in my puts. Last time that happened I lost 5k. Time to do it all over again let’s go 😎
I really like Chinese food. Does that count?
100 year old company for a reason
Doesn’t have many small-cap stocks or options, just equities but I am moving part of my portfolio over there
Daily reminder: rug pull tomorrow
stinkie
Not stupid, your retarded. You bought puts on a chiniese EV company after $XPEV roasted there earnings
Since mid-March, SPX during trading hours is -2.2%, and +51.6% overnight. Something to remember when you’re trying to day trade $SPY and losing all your money as a bull in a bull market.
Li is now, xpev over nio imo
I should’ve commited and went with the PLTR 13P I was posting about yesterday. Instead went with Cisco and about have worthless puts tomorrow. 🤡🤡
[removed]
it's ok, im down $300 from GME shares right now so i feel your pain on being down >$1mil

correction - you still have profits. i am actually in red
You retards are missing out on NLS
Yeah man. China is shit but hey profit is profit. Fact is China is growing at an insane pace and their stock is undervalued af. If anything US tech stock is overvalued. I’m not talking about SQ or  PYPL I’m talking about Carvana and fucking SLack
How were the earnings? I didn’t read the full report
So if a company does meh on earnings price goes to the moon. And if a company does fantastic on earnings the price does nothing or goes down. Makes total sense.
Mooning... it is fuking red.
Definitely not how it goes every time
Why? Lol
maybe palantir will announce a 100 billion contract with china to track covid
Nio is usually flat on Fridays. Maybe tomorrow will be different?
👀👀
PLTR RIP
That’s good to hear. I definitely believe in the stock (even tho it’s a creepy AF company). I work at a FAANG and have a number of friends in the Valley who turned down FAANG offers to go work at PLTR because of the groundbreaking nature of the work.
Seriously how long will NIO keep mooning? I’m up Bigly on it
I tried to get in today too and couldn't. I don't know if I am lucky or unlucky.
so after all that jazz, DIS was the play
You need to drink water with ice, because your calls are spot on, your gut feeling just needs to chill a bit
What call position?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not good
You know someone is 100% full of shit when they say "this stock has room to run."

Room to run, eh? The *fuck* does that mean? Like how every stock can technically go to infinity? Wow thanks bro, buying calls.
A lot of those dis subscriptions were free/bundled with other services. 

On the other hand, I’m one of those people who had no intention of continuing after the trial period but ended up deciding to keep it because of Puppy Dog Pals
DIS will outlast humanity. 1 of the top 10 best investments out there.
Well since last year they added half of Netflix subscribers. That is insane.
I bought 2022 DIS 155 calls back when it was trading at like 98 and got laughed at.
I did the same. Then again, I also bought puts on cisco on a whim after reading that post earlier about how they were in trouble tomorrow after earnings. 🤡
Sure, but you take a massive loss on the iv. That's rooting for the stock to not go to for a year from now
Hey man but if he tries to grow bigger than china he might die suddenly 🤷‍♂️
It's aways Margaritaville in mom's basement.
Slightly better vacations is really what it amounted to.
This makes complete sense. Thanks for the explanation.
yep
[deleted]
There’s an amazing tool called google you can use.

Nov 17 iirc
Boys, how the memefolios looking after today ?
I forgot you have to get two separate shots lol
Pltr creep👀
Half the time he is always right
[deleted]
Happens
There is a market considering how congested metropolitan streets are. The starting price of $18k USD is a little steep but maybe they’ll get cheaper as time goes on like Tesla’s models recently have
You’re fucked
BABA PLS
Already chipping away at the losses now
$NKTR just presented update at SITC (yesterday’s big biotech conference).
It’s the data that they were hoping for. 
Retail hopefully will rediscover this stock — currently 97% institutionally owned. 

It’s heavily manipulated by the hedge fund folks.  The clinical data presented yesterday were significant. Any other stock would have moved a lot, but share price suppression cannot go on forever.
This thing is going to be a blockbuster.  Patience is the key... I have about $16k split between common stock and Feb ‘21 and May ‘21 call options.
Bot: RKT 95% BULLISH
also bot: RKT $5 PUT 11/13
Which gay bear is downvoting everything?
because he messed with Communism
Shit happens. Just yesterday, I accidentally placed a limit sell order instead of stop loss order for SHOP before it spiked to 950+. Pretty much missed out on additional gain of $30/share for 80 shares
Calls on HP Lovecraft’s cat
[deleted]
haven’t you heard, covid is done.  It’s not like this virus isn’t going parabolic with all signs pointing to an even worse winter
If XPEV and LI earnings are THAT good, imagine how good NIO earnings will be
Yup I will be attending with popcorn
Oh my sweet summer child
[deleted]
[deleted]
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**LI**|**$25**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$9.17**|**$31.78**|**4333**|**2380**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfcvke6e05y07700fx3cj19) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/brandonbeckster/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$15**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$33.57**|**$48.3**|**38108**|**198**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfcvkfse06b0770sdv5qiq2) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Marcovici/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Still holding ?
Nio at 20: Too high, ill wait for a pullback
Nio at 30: Any minute now.
Nio at 48: I'm really bad at stocks
Glad I sold at open. I was a shares pleb.
PLTR mooning
First
BA back to 150
Pltr crew can join rkt gang
Buy low sell high
yet IV will have crushed your tendies to nothing lol
PLTR falling harder than Saruman off the Tower of Isengard
Time will tell brother, time will tell.
PLTR rn
https://i.imgur.com/Umil3cP.jpg
I had 1 share of Tesla from last year that went up like 2000% that I forgot about 🤷‍♂️
And I might break even!
Yes
People hear ‘buyback’ and just picture the CEO opening Robinhood the next day and buying 50m shares
It low key is. The volume on it has been insane. Way higher than Tesla all summer.
RIP PLTR
You retard!!!
[deleted]
Money I put into TD last Friday is finally settling down tomorrow so I can buy options again. In the mean time, I bought NIO shares with the money and I’m alreay up more than 20%. Profit is profit, but I can’t stop thinking about what if I bought 1/21 options with the moeny, and fee like tomorrow is too late to get into call options I was looking at. Feels really bad ;/
NIO EARNINGS WILL BE HUGE. EVEN IF UR TOO BETA TO HOLD THROUGH AT LEAST WAIT UNTIL TUESDAY....
I was debating the same at close when it kept dipping and dipping for no reason
Lmao Nio bears and their cute fear mongering.
Unity crushed earnings and dropped. Typical
We know
No. I do not want to burn money. PLTR is shit. It is better than RKT but still POS. You like defense companies go invest in Lockheed martin and Raytheon and shitty companies like those. I am going to short the fuck out of the company, especially when lockup is removed in February. Employees were selling these POS shares for less than half of the first day close right before the direct listing!
When is nio earnings
Much appreciated bud totally makes sense now.
tomorrow might hurt from retail morons, but it is going up in the near term
That number looks so much better in red.
PLTR weekly puts IV is crazy high. It will need to touch $10 to even make money
I can’t believe you are still in.
Strike? U gonna hold till monday?
was it yesterday/
... let me break it down for a retard. Earnings beat = dump. Earnings miss = pump
Who the fuck is Tim Cook?
[deleted]
options market closed retard
Flair checks out
Trump bans Chinese **MILITARY** investments

It's even in the fucking title of the article you linked.
____

#List of companies:

* China Communications Construction Company (CCCC)

* China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology (CALT)

* China Spacesat

* China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd

* China Electronics Corporation (CEC)

* China National Chemical Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (CNCEC)

* China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina)

* Sinochem Group Co Ltd

* China State Construction Group Co., Ltd.

* China Three Gorges Corporation Limited

* China Nuclear Engineering & Construction Corporation (CNECC)

Source: https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/


This list was released on Aug. 28th 2020
What do you all think is a good price to load more palantir after the earnings news settles?  I bought at ipo open and averaged up along the way so far.
I mean the call hasn't ever started yet so any movement is still just AH fuckery right now.
NIO is the only company you need to worry about
PLTR gang hold strong. We are barely back to the lows of Tuesday last week
Pltr calls and dis puts hahahahaha whelp make to sucking dicks
[deleted]
idk why but i loaded up on Jan 2021 PTON calls
Just like Obama, Biden won't do shit for Weed. Its a pipe dream.

Obama was one of the most strict president's on weed ever. I'm sure Biden will follow suit.
Where all the bears in da house on air lines ;)
Jesus, Palantir!   


RIP fanbois 

Thought there was ‘something of night’ about this company.
this cracked me
Gemma Arterton, Sydney Sweeney, Milana Vayntrub, Hayley Atwell
downvote this if gay
Loaded up on some FDs for earnings 🥴
Me with my DKNG calls
You are a true king mega ultra retard.

Why the hell would you still hold?

Gains were more than $2mil at one point.

Someone make this guy a mod.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. Just realised I loaded up on sq calls that expire tomorrow instead of next friday. God fuxking damnit!!!!
😂😂
So much for my 40 shares of PLTR I bought
Minus uncle sam's cut.
[deleted]
I will not fomo into NIO/XPEV

I will not fomo into NIO/XPEV

I will not fomo into NIO/XPEV

^(I might fomo into NIO/XPEV)
read that as "selling my cat for $39"
You missed the great Cthulhu
1700p for .80 today. If they hit cool. If not. Welp.
[removed]
I was lookin at them around 2:30EST and didn’t realize the market closes at 4 here and I was gonna dump $200 on their stock and try and pull it tomorrow but after their earnings report I think besides the expected 50% spike tomorrow they’re gonna bounce back up long term so idk if I really missed out on today/tomorrow’s short win
I’m out of dips to buy.
Wait for the actual call, let‘s see what they have prepared
Why is this funny.
Apparently that was not good enough.
How?
Very much agree
Hit me up and I’ll show you some housing deals outside of the city. Puts on Apt. Calls on houses
https://www.gurufocus.com/stock_list.php
this is the way
Insane
Been waiting for a window to get NIO and now I am FOMOing. Sorry for buying on Monday guys. Now is your chance to get out
I am psyching myself out because this play seems so obvious, but doesn't zoom just have so much space to run? ive got a couple monthly calls but i might double up
BUY MY WORTHLESS CALLS RIGHT NOW OR ILL POUR THEM ON THE FLOOR AND BLAME IT ON YOU
Buying shares is gay.

Buying shares of meme stock, is still, gay.
Downvote fairies right on time.
11.5 more likely
Li auto with that after hours pop. Here’s to hoping for big premarket earnings
Because the only red on their ER, literally, was the fact that they gave away a little under an entire year's revenue (not income!) in stock compensation. They mention that this was a one-time expense related to their IPO (which is common practice for companies going public, though usually not to the extreme amount at which they handed out shares). There's no conceivable reason for a company to hand out a year of revenue in bonuses unless they have something massive up their sleeve. Even if they don't though, like I said, it's a one-time expense that won't exist to the same amount on Q4's report, even though their revenue should be the same or higher as they operate on contracts.
Don't fuck with the boomer rat....
-1% better anyway
You get used to it. You go numb psycho style.

“... there is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: **I simply am not there.**”
2022 here

earnings report was beautiful

no fear.  once in a generation company here.
Idk yet homie. Seeing how this thing plays out first
I guess market thinks Disney is cheap if it’s not at same levels as pre-pandemic ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Tf you even trying to say?
Stocks are fun because even when you lose a shit ton of money you feel like you’ve made money when it starts bouncing back! Stocks are fun!
Haha he just became self aware.
Crushed on the puts probs
It's all mandalorian resubscribers
Should have bone both yesterday
What's the full name please ?
this
Seeing DIS fly. guh
He took a huge downgrade
My Cayman came to me in the most non-WSB way possible.  I made my house pay for it.
[removed]
Spy cup n handle AH🥳
This is called ‘rolling’ your options and yeah that’s pretty much all there is to it
I know how you feel. That would have made my stomach turn
PLTR released a render of an EV truck. Moon mission 🚀
Here brother
Don’t fuck with the mouse. That motherfucker has left a lot of bodies in his wake
PLTR is kaput, it’s crashed down to levels not seen since *checks calendar* Tuesday
I'm about to bust
those 20 shares of nio in leaps would have got you 40x what you have now. cant get rich with shares unless you have alot of capital to begin with. come on bruh
It could hit for ten million plus if it’s goes over $20
why it pop lol? cause of xpeng?
So not a yolo...
Back to Alexandra Daddario's tits....They huge fam
LiNio
[deleted]
I was down to my last $50 and went up 1,700% on two trades in two days. Was extremely mad.. but happy at the same time lol
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Werhli don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Not gunna Li
Is the mouse gonna continue running up tmrw or should I sell my 11/20 136c at open ?
oh so you think you know stonks huh? well then name every company
Christianity is banned in China so prayers won't work.
I know that's right. My whole port is up 30% this month. Was down about 15% three weeks ago.
Ok just gotta do what I did today 10 more times and I’ll be back at break even 🤡
Felt like we just got cock blocked today on Nio
No thanks
Why though? The Chinese electric car market is huge. XPEV’s market cap is at like 20 billion right now.  That’s half of Ford. The FOMO on XPEV is just beginning.
I wish it were gains!! That's the point. I am down 1% and when I went to check it it showed big green dick and got me all excited for nothing.
[deleted]
XPENG and LI Auto autists come out .
I read it too, but sometimes the market is just stupid, especially with a run up. I’m watching CNBC right now and from what they said the “estimates” were not supposed to be very accurate so that’s why EPS looks so bad. Hopefully they clarify some of this on the call, but it’s a long shot
[be strong PLTR call holders](https://hips.hearstapps.com/esq.h-cdn.co/assets/16/48/1480784516-weed.jpg)
It is going back up 😊
More NIO
Since when has the market given a shit about EPS?
Glad i grabbed two 353 fd’s on spy
0.2%??
Anyone going to buy leaps on PLTR tomorrow?
so EOD... lol
Like why did you enter early. It’s still the 12th
Li auto.  I figured out may be a good idea at a huge run up
Nah it’d go to like 500 then lol
it wouldn't
We are doomed lol. There are going to be so many problems getting the vaccine out to people
Lol
You ever look at the the companies that make up  Spy which are mostly all dropping, but Spy continues to climb. Where the fuck does Spy get the juice from?
F... For me. :(
I’m I reading the pltr report right? Operating loss of $847.8 mil reported due to stock compensation?
i'm sitting on cash its going probably going to pump a bit more and tank hard.  Too risky its impossible to time when that will happen.  I took healthy gains, sold at $47.
Li is so overlooked rn
Much appreciated
For real
PLTR getting back to $14 AH is keeping me from $ROPE
There are exception to the rule but most follow the rule
NIO calls and PLTR puts going into tomorrow how am i looking boys
That happened to me with nio. I sold early when it was 39 on Tuesday . tried buying back in but I was unsure because robhinhood labeled me as a day trader so I wouldn't be able to sell until expiration
At least Chappelle's show is on nflx now
Thanks for the aftermarket heads up, let me just jump in my time machine to when this was relevant
Disney owns ESPN, so anything with sports they make money, Disney plus, Disney world is open as well. Also disney owns Marvell, bought for 4B now worth 19B. They have smart investors as well. Do some research.
Thayll not at ath though, not even at vaccine pump high.  that’s why your puts are dead. Learn how to trade
Casually pretending that Jack Ma isn't a huge part of the communist party

Here's a cheat sheet: is there a Chinese company that you've heard of? Then it's run by the communist party.
AH already up 1/3 of a percent. 🤦🏾🤦🏾

Vaccine announcement or just mfers buying the dip like always?
wait they had earnings? lol sometimes its a blessing not knowing your company has earnings and waking up in shambles or like wtf how am i up like 100% lol
I'm a retard, what do csco earnings predict? Will the stock go up or down?
Bald anyway. Perhaps hairy as a gorilla from neck down if Greek.
If i didn’t buy PLTR id be so green. Fuk
There’s always hope for a fellow reet.
How many trading days next week?
PLTR is a company
Haha real shit
"I" sold, not whomever (he) sold. "I" is the subject acting on the verb "sold."
Tim Apple, please pass me my sippy cup.
We all been there
Thx
>  back from a super huge fast rally.

ok mate thanks, we going to see it drop big tomorrow? should we sell fast and rebuy cheap?
Position?
me2
good morning
[deleted]
auto desk ❤️❤️❤️
Yea no shit
Next time write some options on 131% IV
can we get some F’s for our fallen paper handed NIO brothers?
Hes turkish, important detail
Why is everything mooning on RH???? Is it a glitch??
It should. Just don’t know how fast, NIO is very hard to gauge
The order allows the Secretary of Defense to add any company they want.
Who has an advisor
You don't consider today piling in??
It’s what I did was PRPL last quarter. Just keep the shares and sell covered calls/puts on them to collect premium.
Why so early ?
SPY mooning??
NOT CUTTING NIO UNTIL 80. DONT FUCKING FORGET IT.
He announced that he is willing to sign autographs and meet and greets to fuck your asshoe while you watch your calls tank as he is shorting them
Lol I told u guys to sell naked pltr calls 😂😂😂
DIS+ added 13,5M subscribers   
Netflix added 2,2M subscribers  


DIS now GOT 120M subscribers.   
LETS MOOOOOON
I don't get it are all indexes being carried by DIS right now? I shouldn't have bought these fuckin GOOGL puts for tomorrow
I bought AMZN at 3025 and sold at 3116 today though ... not feeling too hot about it
Going to get some nice upgrades
It's not stupid. Palantir is an amazing company with even better growth prospects. This earnings presentation is incredibly optimistic, but the market wanted a 100%+ earnings beat.
Wonderful actually, this earnings ain't bad. We continue the moon mission.
those are just his latest play things from his last stop on epstein island
NIO has way more room to run. See you at 80 nerds.
We're reaching levels of chad previously thought impossible. You will be a multi multi millionaire before this ends dude. I'm along for the ride as well.
high
It expires on 11/24.
Need pajamas to get us under 350 and we flying down
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-12/palantir-forecasts-strong-sales-growth-in-first-public-results?srnd=prognosis](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-12/palantir-forecasts-strong-sales-growth-in-first-public-results?srnd=prognosis)

DUMP IT
Jack ma 🙏🙏
Hold that shit for 5 years. They have military contracts they’re not going anywhere
Ex Zimbabwean. Was University of Rhodesia. That long ago....
I’m praying to God, Jehovah, Allah, Buddha, Satan, JPow, and Peter Thiel tonight
📜✋
RKT tanked after earnings, I think I understand now, if a company is negative, the stock goes up, if it's positive, the stock goes down. 

TLDR - Put all of your money in ACB, they make no money, so we're bound to make a shit ton
But they're not at ATH.
Its looking pretty good so far!
I sold those puts :)
I feel like this is complicating things
He bought them for like 1.86😅 they probably aren’t heading back that high by next week
I scream out to the void and the void...
My bullish forecast is 61% probability of a 5% - 10% increase.
dude look at the open price... how was that not a pump and dump...
The assumption is you're still bullish on the ticker.

In that case you would "roll" your funds into a new play on the same ticker. Either OTM same date, OTM new date, less ITM same date, less ITM new date.

This is what people mean when they say "roll your options"
https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/palantir-q3-2020-earnings-210851153.html
very gud brotha ugonna go tendies when baba gets bak onthe saddle
[removed]
He sold him, not him sold him.
You and Dwdsquared for WSB pres
Oh shit!  It might pull back but maybe not 20% lol.  Maybe it'll be a solid 8% pullback by open and you'll have a 3 bagger or something at least
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/DesignerFreedom the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If xpeng showed us anything, its that these EV companies smesh earnings. Balls deep into Li calls and Nio
its going down tomorrow but the call at 5 should tell you how fast it'll recover
I’m gay
I think everyone is going to pile into Nio tomorrow. Coud be 55 eow easily
Need them socials to get the utilities back on
Yes, about 14K this week total on FSR lol
All over the place. Last Friday some Tuesday and yesterday. I know it’ll keep mooning but I just wanted to get out for the day lol
Probably Hasboro amor Mattel
earnings were fantastic if you looked at the report

everything moving in the right direction in terms of margins and revs and $1.2bn of cash on hand

stock will moon tomorrow
[removed]
im still here, got 7k shares at $9.20. gonna probably buy more tomorrow, that company will be a beast in the next few years
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PLTR   20.0|0.4|0.5|0.42|-0.21|201.951%


PLTR 20.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 4 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc380nd&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Fuck and I just took an adderall I can’t get hard
Lol
 Nah. 340 tmrw
Only 4800%? Bullish
Buying PLTR at the top was the easiest money I’ve ever lost
nothing just telling people lol. I didn't jump in cause ran way too hot...
Yeah idk. RKT seems to bounce between 18-22 each month. Feels like it's prime for another sell off
Sure, mane. We definitely believe you.
SPCE going to space next week. Literally and figuratively
How do we know this isn't a paper account?
This company is pure gold right now. Just hold. See you on the other side
11/20 PLTR $20C
LI 💦💦💦
Awww you cant post your gain porn properly:/
https://i.imgur.com/3G28y2Z.jpg
Can we get a group prayer for BABA. Please bb go up
Idk who you heard that said they were expected to be profitable in their first ER but they were selling you snake oil
Seems like y’all are gonna buy the pltr dip tomorrow. I was considering it but gonna stay out now.
I got out of my puts at like 4:04 when I saw AH pumping
its a fantastic entry at 95

its at the bottom of the lowest uptrend channel

will bounce hard
Everything else was quite rosy actually
Bbbbbut Mike Bury, MSFT royalties etc etc. This can only go up right? All meme stonks only go up. Like GME and NIO
Here I am still waiting for that dip. Oh and XPeng that shit was on my watchlist since IPO but noooo I’m such a pussy to yolo in Chyna stock instead I’m bag holding blue chip US big tech. Fuck!!
End result: held till the afternoon, didn’t feel confident in a drop tomorrow, sold all 11/13 exp for sweet sweet tendies. Then convinced myself it’s going slightly positive tomorrow, so I offered my 11/20p as well. Ended $26k in the bank. Then ofc since I’m so sure it’s going back up tomorrow I spread out $9k among $18.5, $19, $19.5 11/13 C 

https://imgur.com/gallery/d73aRSQ
Fair point. This is why I don't play options.

I am happy to have nearly 2000 shares of palantir.
congrats and fuck you /s
moon no mo
Huge shares volume 2k to 13k at a time being bought at $78 right now. Will be interesting 🤔
Same 50 11/20 11.5 puts
I gave you my first downvote, because why not.
Nice
So that begs the question, what in the fuck do you think they’re doing?
It’s not all over yet
Oh maybe try xpev then. They should go up together anyways
You still have $115, YOLO
How much you bought them for?
Palantir Technologies (NYSE:PLTR) reported quarterly losses of $(0.94) per share which missed the analyst consensus estimate of $0.02 by 4800 percent 🤡
Haven’t had a hulk dick Friday in a while. Feels like one tomorrow
[deleted]
It’s a waste of time sell it. Spy not going down till Nov 20-24
U r still fuk
holy shit 80c. corona mutates into zombie mango who nukes china levels right there
My friends moms sister works at the pentagon and she says they’re going to deploy the national guard nationwide this week
I heard Fauci saying regular people can get the vaccine around April because health workers and others will get it first. I’m sure they’re gonna fuck up transporting it in the beginning too because it needs to be stored around -100 degrees Fahrenheit.
Wow FSLY; should have loaded the boat at the $60s
check out the daily chart
[deleted]
Did Peter Thiel announce hes giving free bjs to all PLTR yoloers? Its creepin back up😳
[deleted]
PLTR moons 50% in two weeks

goes down 15%

WSB: PLTR why no go up??!!!

NIO is exception
beautiful*
That was the mantra
Long hold dude. The stock has been on the market for like 2 months and the earnings paints an extremely optimistic picture of the future.

Don't mind the red. This is just a predictable pull back from a super huge fast rally.
Damn, Spy trying to get it all back at once...
Haha holy shit. Glad I own shares and not calls.
I sold him, not he I sold.
ive been selling calls nonstop on atvi ill gladly sell you more. eventually itll be worth holding these shares that have gone absofuckinglutely nowhere
Fidelity is commission free too boiiiiiiiii
I'm one of the poorest in the world and I don't get them either.

Coconut gang represent!
whats your thoughts on U?
Subtract
PLTR will open green tomorrow, mark my words
f
Even if it passes the strike price the value loss can cause you to still be negative. Look up IV crush, and if you're new to options avoid holding them through earnings. This board is filled with crazy gambling addicts so don't listen to them
When I die I want to go nice and quiet in my sleep. Not choking on schlongs like these gay mods.

Spy 360 C 11/13
End result: held till the afternoon, didn’t feel confident in a drop tomorrow, sold all 11/13 exp for sweet sweet tendies. Then convinced myself it’s going slightly positive tomorrow, so I offered my 11/20p as well. Ended $26k in the bank. Then ofc since I’m so sure it’s going back up tomorrow I spread out $9k among $18.5, $19, $19.5 11/13 C 

https://imgur.com/gallery/d73aRSQ
If LI’s number is reasonable tomorrow, XPEV is going to moon tomorrow
what did you play
Nice. Hope they go up. How was earnings? What happened?
LI casually hitting ATH AH
That one guy who yoloed 100k on PLTR calls must be curled up in a corner somewhere
This is why puts burn me
Four
It was profitable every time I topped up, except the third time, and never longer than a week
She looks about working age for most factories so she will blend right in.
ALL IN PLTR AFTER THIS DIP
[deleted]
[deleted]
balls of wood
$10MN in additional revenue is not in the least bit impressive when they had massive losses and were expected to be profitable.
[deleted]
3 chinese EV companies causing a domino effect , crazy and historical at the same time.
NIO WILL BrING BALANCE TO THE MATRIX
TDOC. That’s your next best chance
Lol spy still headed straight up
Only at being bad :)
[deleted]
NIO ah 

🤤
All it took was one look at the balance sheet to know this PLTR earnings wasn’t going to be good

That being said, buy the dip and thank me in 5 years
PLTR should just start making EVs
You guys hold for more than a day?
[deleted]
looking that way, eh?
I have a 14p 11/20. Pretty sure I’m gonna get Theta crushed.
But will it rebound by December?
Dip at open, that’ll be the chance
[deleted]
Buy as much as you please. Going to increase my short position.
Any chance the call at 5 could save PLTR? I have LEAPS so I’m chillin, I just don’t wanna have too much regret
I talked a lot of shit on those holding calls thru earnings coz this is just the games these MM play to take ur tenders

Im bullish af PLTR tho and reloading tm morning see u in callhalla
Honestly who knows at this point. There’s big upside and massive downside
[deleted]
Strike and expiry?
Buy something off FTCH with all the money I just made off FTCH
Just bought another 800 shares
It's funny how SPY just magically shoots up like $1 in a few seconds.
What u buyin
GREEN FRIDAY
 

how much wouldve my pltr 11p nov 20 25x wouldve prunt?
It had two huge dips this week, one of which was $3 intraday today, which was profit taking, what the fuck more do you people want
Why is this? There are other dealerships that do nothing but sell cars.  Games make up a droplet of urine at places like Walmart, target, and amazon. GameStop is heavily focused on games with nobody else relying on games more than them, but can’t even get half the market share on consoles? Lol. Console distribution is the only thing keeping them alive.  Think about it this way. If gamestop were to go out of business, how much would it really affect anyone?  All these other places pick up the 30% with ease.  The only reason people go to GameStop is to trade in their shit to put towards the console. Like no other place can’t do this? GameStop’s only profit is buying shit from customers to resell for more to another.  It’s a pawnshop you just yolo’ed your life savings in. Lol
stonks united
Ayyyyy 😎
Zoom will likely get pined around $450 until earnings with a -/+ 20 range. After that is a toss up.  If good vaccine news comes out I see Zoom tanking against to below 400.
That was the Plan!
ZM enters the chat
Disney Plus is a beast
Hope it prints. I feel it should. Good luck!
okay, no palantir for me. just read about them, theyre super unethical, wow.

what do you recommend for buy and hold? gimme some tickers that i can DD and make a pick from there

thanks
Ok Li I see you
Spy puts expiring tomorrow
Dam right
I bought DIS **calls** 5 minutes till close because I've seen what The Mouse can do to families.
First time in awhile of being a bear and almost everything sells off expect my position. I won’t be making this mistake again
fuck it going all in baba calls tomorrow
COMMENT OF THE DAY
[deleted]
Tomorrow might be a big day. Who knows
Let’s not be so conservative friend — 60
Manhattan will be the next Detroit. Or it will continue to be America's capital city. Hard to say.
EVs are not Chinese Defense stocks. Relax.
TZA is gonna rip tomorrow and next week
what color will $SPY be EOD tomorrow? [https://strawpoll.com/jap8ejb64](https://strawpoll.com/jap8ejb64)
5d20
Get in tomorrow or you might miss out which is frightening
Its funny how quick bulls of a stock disappear on this sub #pltr
Haha... hope you’ve learned now never to fuck with the mouse. Ever.
NIO pray that earnings doensn't beat next week or we dump? lol
Nop er run up
o really
Shit is down almost 8% in Aftermarket
I sold all my leaps for 150% gains and then used 1000 of that to buy these puts. I think it’ll drop a bit more, but I agree with you. I want to hold these through the weekend, but I’m gonna see how the market reacts tomorrow.
What’s my email again?
pltr better moon on this low volume
2023 PLTR HOLDERS HOW WE FEELING? 

just fine
Let's see that trade history. I'd love to see where the rises are compared to your purchases lol. FOMO'd yourself out of $3700
[deleted]
But you didn’t sell...
PLTR puts???
Nio really has kept me portfolio afloat but it's so crazy how far up it is. I am considering buying PLUG.
Chances for another good entry point on NIO next week?
It does that to me too. It gets my hopes up for nothing.
Of course it was LOL. What did you expect?
I don't think that technically matters:

>any person that the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the  Secretary of the Treasury, determines is a Communist Chinese military  company operating directly or indirectly in the United States or in any  of its territories
Hell no brother
I’ve just learned that you should probably buy puts into earnings... unless it’s Disney. Then buy calls because they’ll probably miss expectations then moon anyways.
Real talk my G, XPEV is going to commit a kamikaze within the next week. And I’m a bull
Friend works for a hedge fund, says even MMs are considering adding Nio and cutting TSLA.
Beat expectations? The fuck you looking at brother? It missed by like -4800%
I was wondering the same thing. Given the action of the stock I would be surprised if we don’t see a profit taking downturn sooner than later.

Or at least my puts hope that happens
I think it’s still losing money on every car
[deleted]
i mean beat = dump... sooo
Stonks only go up
Well I was jacked to the tits on spy puts expiring next week and now it is looking rough
Every time I read your posts I feel more retarded than before
Is there a way to calculate what the IV on an option would be given certain moves in the underlying price?
[deleted]
You wouldnt? Wtf u doing here shilling for nio then, bra
Uh oh we have assholes downvoting everything again 😂😭
lord of the rings jokes please because PLTR
nice. I guess we'll all need to be up bright and early. See you in the morning birdy.
Ban
Gimme a Ring sometime
Already own a lot of NIO shares if I’m honest but I guess I’ll go for more
There has to be more to it than this.
William Li>Elon
NIO P/E isn’t even that high compared to the standard for meme companies these days. Still more room to grow.
$NIO hotter sexier sister is in town. $XPEV is the new hype.
It’s not
Disney went from profitable to two negative quarters, with their parks closed. And they’re at ATH. OK.
Remember when zm was cool for like 5 min today?
Joe will just say "where a mask you fucking retards" and we'll be gucci.
PLTR beat expectations and raised guidance. Just buy the goddamn dip and stop crying
algos going nuts off PLTRs numbers alone, looking for guidance 

&#x200B;

That being said 11/13 calls are fuk
my god selling my last minute 353C for 30% was not worth... ah still pumping lol
Pay yourself first a bit.
[deleted]
I love this correction because it’s wrong.
$PLUG going higher at faster rate.
Traders gonna short the fuk out of this.
God damn. We’re about to see a lot of $ROPE
You lost lmao
Imagine doing this at a job and your boss offers you a raise lol
planning on it
Not so with last Tesla earnings. Shit dropped the whole week before then after crazy good earnings, it popped for like a +2% day, which made my calls go from -99% to -97%.
I just bought 30 shares so hope you’re right.

Woulda bought calls but I’m not so sure so playing it safe and going boomer on it lol
What are we spamming this sub with tonight boys ? Nio jokes were fun last night
Working your way up CONGRATS
I have one spy put im still holding.  Bless up.
BA to 168 eod tmrw
I love a good debate!
I don't have to imagine brother.
This is day one back from my October 6th ban lmao times are different bro that’s a refreshing change for me
Lmao this^
$XPEV
NGL thought PLTR would crush first ER
Can’t relate
New to this, how will their Q4 be a home run?
It’s only dead if you have far OTM calls expiring soon. I bought puts so ill be happy to sell those tomorrow. If you have shares HOLD. PLTR isn’t going anywhere
They deliver even fewer cars than that (probably close to 35,000-40,000 cars total), yet they are now the third largest car company in the world at that market cap.  As of this afternoon, XPeng is now larger than Ford.  Wild times.
Bought Disney calls and Palantir puts. First time I’ve done 2 things right at once
If it goes to 80 I’ll turn 80k into roughly 900k
Cuz you’re smart. They lost money lol
Start getting your PLTR LEAPS ready. IV crush paired with the stock tanking, ready for some juicy discounts
I’m getting assigned and will promptly start selling covered calls first thing in the morning 😂
[deleted]
$LI told $XPEV to hold their beer
PLTR DIP GETTING BOUGHT
It also raised full year revenue guidance. That’s solid for the long term
Ade - Replacements

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_cjhVY4WqA
Looks like I’m changing my name to Frodo Bag Holder 🤡
god i feel violated by PLTR. luckily i was not over leveraged
Lol
In May everyone was shilling CSCO. Classic WSB being too early and too late.
Nah, there's already resistance and I got time to recoup, I'm confident it won't be bad if it is a loss
What is actually happening though? Did they tie his leg with some invisible rope or something
U, AMWL, PLTR ALL GOT REKT
That is ME! 11/20 $38C .
No that was the sentiment here,  fuck pltr , I lost a lot of money on them so I stayed away
Should’ve got contracts for LI. I got shares instead 😂.

At least theta won’t bother me 🤷🏻‍♂️
A pussy bitch who have some money left in his account tomorrow..... unlike the rest of us.
Will be a long hold or sell tomorrow?
Elaborate?
Buy back over 2 year period. At least read a bit into the program before making a post.

I hold shares, don't shoot me.
100%
Glad I could help my guy! I’ll try my hardest I don’t have as much time on my hands to research now but I’ll try to keep the dd as up to date as possible. CONGRATS ON DA GAINZ
r/antstreetbets
Alright $PLTR gang coming to $XPEV now?
  At one point you had $2.2M in gains! Why not lock half and keep the rest? Especially with market near ATHs
Did you make money?
Calls on Trump News Network (TNN)
Glad i didn't listen to the dude that messaged me sand said to go all in on PLTR for earnings lol.
They are not buying back 50% of their float. These programs are executed over quarters if not years.
It's down another 6% AH btw
FSR, CODX, XPEV you’re welcome thank me later
I’m going 100% cash every single day for the past two weeks because this is some fuckery. Intraday movements have been shit. It gets pumped overnight by futures then dumped during  market hours. Nonsensical.
Damn Disney really pulled out the Mouskatool
I knew it would tank yet i held my calls
LI needs to kill it just like XPEV, so that NIO can pump past 50.

My only fear is that with XPEV and LI doing well, that NIO earnings will become priced in or expect too much. We'll have to see.
I get the feeling that if it doesn't break 13$ into 12, we might actually see it go back up...

I sold my calls and anticipated a bigger drop so I can load up on shares for a q4 hold..
Nice, yeah selling calls is solid
I’m gonna
Imagine still being mad you didn’t FOMO in NIO instead of just giving in and taking the free money...
because you retarded
Yeah I only paid $39 for it anyway 🤷🏼‍♂️
Will it ever be worth buying a 1br apartment in Manhattan again. I’ve got a 20% down payment saved but tbh with such high maintenance and flat returns idk if it’s worth it
Palantir under $13 is a steal, this is a long term hold for sure. That being said, RIP to all of the 11/13 YOLOs
Sector rotation into NIO will resume tomorrow
Wth mine was $6500
Anybody watching Pltr conferene call
[deleted]
It fell after earnings like many here warned about. That doesn't mean it's a pump and dump.
Feeling charitable?
Be pretty cool if NIO opened up at 55 tomorrow
Well if Netflix can be valued at 136 times earnings, why can’t Dis as they have Dis+ now
I am 100% still holding. Been holding since IPO day. 

I expected a 20% gain or loss today. Obviously I hoped for the former, but I am okay that it hasn't worked out yet.
Last quarters delivery’s were 12k+
r/smallstreetbets
Can't beat WSB memes
12.5 put here. Right here with you.
Yeah my friend isn’t supposed to go back to work until next summer even with vaccinations
Damnit mom, fix the fucking recipe! You're making me look bad in front of my friends!
DKNG with no crown tomorrow = down?
55 shares. Sold it to buy more RKT.
I got 12 and 13 for tomorrow and 13 for Jan
Shouldnt it be priced in?
I’m buying a bunch of puts
Using my LI auto to hit a Tesla off a cliff
That’s meme stocks for ya. My cost basis is lower than the drop today so it’s w/e still made money selling calls
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
UVXY   80.0|0.12|0.28|0.25|0.15|264.694%


UVXY 80.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc37ev4&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
give it a few days
XPEV, 50 dollars is your home. Just go to your home.
1DTE PUTS BAYBE. 12$ LETS GO!
[deleted]
IF U INVEST IN ANYTHING CHINA U R A COMMI SCUM AND ENEMY OF AMERICA !! GTFO U PINKO SWINE
Please 😰
So what’s your balance right now
[removed]
Going back to disney next week...last trip before my annual pass expires. Dont bet against the mouse.
Who tf would have thunk CSCO calls was the play
UVXY 80c 12/18
Relax it's up 12 cents. Geez I hate posts like this
[deleted]
Why you asking wsb. They all thought Dis would plunge after results. They know nothing.
[https://research.ark-invest.com/hubfs/1\_Download\_Files\_ARK-Invest/Job\_Positions/Job\_Opportunity\_Assistant\_Trader.pdf](https://research.ark-invest.com/hubfs/1_Download_Files_ARK-Invest/Job_Positions/Job_Opportunity_Assistant_Trader.pdf) think Cathy Woods will hire one of us?
High
I went from 96k top on Monday to a low at one point of 36k yesterday in my account cause of NIO but had no doubt in my mind it would moon today so 2 outta 10 heart attack lol
PLTR gets bought up tomorrow.
Check out Kodak. Went from $2 to $60 in a few months. Nobody tell him what happened after.
Oh damn those might be good then
I tried fucking the mouse 🐭
a lot of the headlines are looking like headlines in late late February. The question is, are you going to eff around and not buy puts this time?
[removed]
if you aint buying Unity or PLTR tomorrow

i dont know what to say
Song?
The internet? Google? Twitter?
I need lockdown part 2 announced tomorrow. I got Zoom calls at close.
20 bagger on FSLY and I only put 300 in. 🤡
Puts
🙋🏻‍♂️
Saw some unusual activity on calls a week or two out... I didn’t play though
I just hope it’s not coming tomorrow,I bought puts today lol
[deleted]
Alex Jones rubbing his hands together and laughing maniacally somewhere
A win is a win my dude
i mean if you didnt sell the morning pop on pltr you deserved the loss?
honestly surprised they expected anything more from palantir. calls about to get ready cheap
I bought during the dip. Also bought DOCU. COVID is not going anywhere anytime soon.
Somebody other than me answer, as I'm obvi not to be listened to :D
Did that for a month. Seemed like a solid plan. Went 0 for like 20 and lost thousands
It says you're "Good for day" so you should be good for the day.
No it wont
Chances PLTR jumps back up next week after the profit sell off?
Noted
Nio feels like tsla back in the days
Lol nah that’s smart, in the long term it won’t matter much. Thinking about adding some to my long term port as well. Tomorrow will be a good dip to load up.
How this guy do a 1000% on his account in 3 months but hasn’t verified his email yet?
Yeah plenty of diversity in here these days. NIO NIO PLTR NIO GME NIO PLTR NIO NIO NIO NIO
[deleted]
Puts on ZM
Yeah well everyone said it was free tendies last night and that it was okay to give up morality for it... now it’s down 16% in a day while DOCU ZM TDOC WORK AMD all up
Why TF is Tim Cook at our thanksgiving dinner?
[deleted]
So PLTR is gonna moon right guys? Right? Guys....
I’ve been put in WSB jail for saying less lol
I had calls on Disney. Why would anyone ever bet against the mouse... boggle my mind
Earnings for LI tomorrow probably gonna be the same results as XPEV
Dead
If you buy deep itm keeps and sell out of the money then it’s lower risk as you can always exercise your deep itm leaps.
LI AUTO'S CONNNEEEEECCCTTTTTTTT!!!
[deleted]
If you missed out today get in on the run up tommorow
Fuck PLTR, my portfolio dgaf.  Thanks to LI & NIO I had a +10% day, +5% yesterday, already completely recovered from bloody Tuesday and ready to pump some more tomorrow.  EV IS KING.  🔋👑
I guess you never learned rule #1
Which character do you play?
but but but AMZN was like that tooooo way back...
Yes sir.
lol pltr was a pump and dump...
im fucked...
I’m scared to check now lol

Edit: I did and looks like we both r fuk
You deserve it for playing with chump change. Why even put $50 into anything, you're better off buying lottery tickets.
I don't see NIO on the list :)

&#x200B;

Qualifying Entities Prepared in Response to Section 1237 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (PUBLIC LAW 105–261) 

China Communications Construction Company (CCCC) 

China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology (CALT) 

China Spacesat 

China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd 

China Electronics Corporation (CEC) 

China National Chemical Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (CNCEC) 

China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina) 

Sinochem Group Co Ltd 

China State Construction Group Co., Ltd. 

China Three Gorges Corporation Limited 

China Nuclear Engineering & Construction Corporation (CNECC)
Dude isn't out until January, he 100% has that power until then
[removed]
Oh wow wow wow. Can you do this same math for NKLA? 🤯
Yeah, will look to get out before earnings though!
50% of them last Friday 25% of them Tuesday Dip 25% of them Wednesday dip
It's going to 10 lol
Buying leaps once IV calms down
I'm glad I forgot to buy. Someone tell me why finally buying in tomorrow at open is stupid.
I doubt it. Fuckers gave out 847 million in stock compensation
Paneer Tikka Masala should be in red, yours is green so I don't like it 😤
so much for the earnings. shit just tanked!!!!!
[deleted]
I didn't find nio on the list?
bro chinese EVs are literally just starting to ramp production, you think they aren't going to deliver more than 50k yearly once the 2060 carbon neutral plan starts to kick into overdrive?
Imagine getting your first 10 bagger but you unfortunately put only $500 🤡
Potential for more profit
Many people in private can do their own analytics or use software from the big fish. I am going to keep shorting this little company.  I think it is worth around $6-$7/share.
I haven’t been to this local restaurant in like 8 months, 
since the night before one of the first limit downs. 

Today, I went to that restaurant and immediately knew it was time to buy puts
You bastards tried to steal the 🐭s 🧀 didn’t you?
LI saving me from PLTR. Portfolio flat, well biversified.
[deleted]
[removed]
I'm not rich
$LI hitting $40 tomorrow fuk the mango CPR 4 lyfe
You smart bitch if you selling profits or cutting losses
it will hit 16 again by lunch tmw and dump for money monday
I watch Disney Junior everyday with my kid so I'm doing my part!
not really, now it's just NIO
This is why I hedged lol
isn't this dangerous if the monthly calls get executed?
Lol poor PLTR Chad’s got caught chasing
[deleted]
Huge move selling before you lost it all, very admirable
Puts on my job yo - I forced restarted my Mac after it froze during a system update. Pretty sure it's fukt
Possibly to me.
12/4 MRNA and SPCE calls are gonna print over the next week.
Coffee
Not putting big money into scalps yet though i probably should. This appears to be the only way for me to consistently make money lol.
[deleted]
More and more leaders have already recognized Biden as the winner of both Georgia and the race

Even the Pope has recognized it and met with Biden today

Orange man just drumming up hate so he can either run in 2024 or start a news network

They’ve never, not once, flipped as many votes in an election recount as Georgia needs much less Pennsylvania

The news cycle has switched to when Trump will admit it’s over without conceding. He will claim it was rigged but he accepts Biden will be president anyway. What a total clown
Yep. I have a new account but I can’t comment yet since it’s not a month old yet
I did, from what I understand Mark Esper and Steven Mnuchin can add any companies to this list as long as they are making goods for the Chinese military.
[deleted]
Watch for LI tomorrow w their earnings
LI going up... wowzers
I know it's the same size as OPs dick, but zoom in and look at that tiny spike above the 3 month mark, you'll see profitable play
That's what I've heard about others getting puts on NIO right now. IV is so high for some of them that they're actually making more money even as it goes up. The dips like it had also help keep the IV high and provide for chances to get out.
Why would someone have puts on rkt? Who in the fuck would be that stupid???
It beat though, just dumped because it got pumped way too quickly. All momentum indicators show overbought before today. Also general market is down. Most tech is either down or flat due to rona szn and lockdown woes.
true dat.
So what's stopping profit taking from NIO
i sold you some of those! thanks!
after the amd and msft earnings you should’ve caught on that beating earnings means drill and loss less than expected means stock go up
Fidelity is commission free as well.

If you're still paying for commissions in 2020, you're either really poor or really rich.
Why
Rip for pltr guys. I actually liked them😂😂
It's done pumped.  Might pump more but today was epic.
[removed]
Literally; yes.  Sell @ a defined loss, watch for rebound, buy in same position with less money -- you have the same position as before but now you also have money.  For example:  My $9.29 PLTR sold this AM from a trailing-stop @ $15.36.

It's now @ $13.50, so if I wanted to, I could buy the same amount of shares I had this morning, but also have $1.86/share profit.  This is your tendies money.
Spy 355+ tomorrow as health stocks pop up
Plz no
ALL I FEEL IS PAIN 🐭
Yep. I bought Disney 140P at the top Monday. Wish I sold today but they are dated 12-4, not tripping that it will go back down.
Haha my sentiments exactly
OP I’m wondering the same thing. 

So a little tale of me. I am an essential worker and work in industrial meat or cheese factories. 

Today I was exposed to a mechanic that had covid and was sent home and now I have to drive home instead of taking a plane. Found out today in one week out of 100 employees we had 10 exposed and sent home. One week we’ve had more exposures than we had since March. 

Now 10% of our workforce are locked in. 

My thoughts would be yes there will be another lock down but with still having the trump administration still in power till Jan 20th I have doubts it will happen. 

Either way, trends from last March when the first lockdown hit, surprisingly hotels stayed pretty stable, airlines took a beating and cruise lines, banks, oil and many sit down restaurants took a huge hit. Tech took a dip as well but rebounded big time. 

Only position I have for now is royal Caribbean put 65 11/27 5 total. I don’t see how they still have such a high value with being not able to operate and keep the value so high. Pretty annoying not to see it drop faster. You’d think those companies would be bankrupt by now.
I wouldn't mind my 55c 11/20 I bought a month ago getting close.
It’s fun to finally see some diversity in here, June-September was literally just fucking AAPL TSLA AAPL TSLA AAPL TSLA AAPL TSLA
[deleted]
As James Dyson would say “over time he noticed a considerable loss of suction”
Damn the mouse got me so good
It’s a small position but I think it’ll offset my losses on leaps for tomorrow.
When you lose in the market you can’t be emotional at all when you sell and profit all you can do is smile and move on
Damn why did I buy a bunch of Disney puts
What is SBC
LI really starting to crank in AH.... hopefully they are insiders who know something.
NIO MOONING AH. Paper hands don't even look. 

NIO $250 EOM.
Stayed away from NIO
Nah, it’s a hedge
Imagine selling your Li ,XPEV & NIO weeklies on Tuesday for a loss 🤡 🤡
Li printing ah
Same
I am not playing it rn but I also feel like it’s about to hop back above 1k
We'll see! I'm locked in on my calls until tomorrow morning at the earliest and I intend to hold my shares through the night. They'll discuss their plan for restructuring the company's debt on the call tonight and you should remember that its held 85% by insiders so they have skin in the game on this one and will be incentivized to push the stock higher. With the immediate debt problem out of the way and a light at the end of the corona tunnel in sight, management can focus on rebuilding. They'll make far more than we will if they're successful.

I think the only thing the Bears have on their side are potential market wide events (e.g. if the vaccines fail to be effective, stimulus gets stuck in congress, war/acts of god/etc) and the large debt load. As for the market events, they'd apply to the entire market and so you can't do much about them. When it comes to stimulus getting stuck in congress, this is likely. But as for the lender group which is owed $3B, I think they'd be more than happy to work with the company and grant extensions on the debt (likely in 3 month intervals and for a reasonable fee) if it means they're more likely to be paid off at 100% (or 100% + their expected ROI) by waiting for a stimulus deal to make it through congress. If they force the company into bankruptcy they'd likely only recover pennies on the dollar.

In terms of headwinds, given that its a company that relies on retail sales - they will benefit from a return to normal in 9-12 months. Management can now focus on rebuilding/restructuring the rest of the debt without a sword of damocles hanging over their heads. The market will price the headwinds in.
WHO GOT CHEGG?? Back to 90 babyyyy
Gonna buy a Tesla and put XPEV on the license plate.
SuFfEr FiRsT aNnUaL lOsS iN DeCaDe, LoSsEs NoT aS bAd As ExPeCtED! MoOn
If I were you I just wouldn't open my portfolio tomorrow
Explain it to me as if I were bagholding 600 shares
It got pumped so WSB would buy calls at the top

That is why it is down
Hopefully PLTR stays above 13.5 tomorrow because your boy sold some puts
Gotta lose those diamond hands
Are we not allowed to cuss on reddit anymore?
Same for me buddy. Sold it durring the day cause it droped so hard. RIP my new House i guess
Yea
I hop to be back to congratulate you tomorow. Let's get it
no. they made cars?
Pls
You'll be buying lots of dip for her to eat alright
I saw this somewhere, 

> The recent acquisition of Peak brings Zynga's number of "forever franchises" to eight. A forever franchise is defined as one that brings in at least $100 million in annual bookings and is expected to do so over an extended period of time (at least five years)...
people posted this shit everyday when tesla mooned day after day lol.
huh?
Been telling you don’t fuck with the mouse
Lol my 7 year old account got permanently suspended cuz of that even tho I deleted it a second later. Thi Second one my main now I guess
No the complete opposite. You bought near the top
Main thing wrong: started with pennies. Come on bro
You’re gay.
Student loans bug me. Why pay them off when... you... die... they die too?
Don't buy weeklies after Wednesday my dude (leaps, sure), weekend theta burn
Hoping it breaks 50 tommorow
Dude it starts 9 days before the Drumpfster's fired
Right. I will recalibrate once LI reports. I also expect NIO to run before ER.
F
$ROPE
“NIO is overvalued but TSLA is worth 390bn market cap” 

Shut the fuck up nerds you literally don’t have a clue
75% of tech earnings including the biggest players in the game have Dumped yet people are still suprised when it happpens
It’s not the company I actually think the company is good it’s the industry that I fear that the market feel like have picked now with the low rates and shit. It’s like they can’t get bigger from here but I might be wrong lol
I hope PLTR makes a juice announcement during the call today.
back to working for Popeye's so I can get free leftover chicken :(
Don’t fuck with the mouse
Im sad I didnt buy DIS I was like a click away god damn!!!
A little too long. Lol. Gonna crush earnings though, guidance up bigly.
You. Never. Fuck. With. The. Mouse.🐭🐭🔪🔪
r/smallstreetbets
So why did it ruin my life then?
The Mouse says: “Yippee-ki-yay, motherfuckers”
im all in NIO 50c 11/20 up 150% so far lets print
I'm up over 800% on a $14 call for Jan 21. Bought at $3.70, wishing I got more 😂 here I am getting too greedy watching that percentage rise every day. I think I'm going to sell Monday or Tuesday and buy in again at a higher sp.
[deleted]
What the fuk. No way the dude who just got voted out is canceling my NIO gainz. I can’t read but if that’s actually what the article says I am pissed
The fuck
Remember Luckin Coffee?
Did u mean the opposite?
[deleted]
Is that value loss permanent or will it even matter if it reaches the strike price?
Literally every fucking time
I pray for a fat-laden hangover diarrhea.
💎🖐
I need UPS Green Day tomorrow so bad
Wtf
Yeah I think so, look those after hour gains it’s pretty much were it was at before that first little dip today.. Call me crazy but I think 53+ tomorrow
[deleted]
Now that I think about it, the best guidance with PLTR would've been, 'don't buy calls'
[deleted]
You must be new to options
[deleted]
Am I a pussy bitch for selling everything EOD?!?!
Your comment reminds me of this https://youtu.be/25RCRGesX0M
I have a bunch of shares
You have balls it could easily tank 15%
[deleted]
Oh, I am going to pick up more tomorrow or maybe monday, but my puts will should offput my losses today. Or I'm retarded and belong here :D
We never learn.
low key, his videos are some of the best automotive on youtube.  No slapping over produced intro, ultra limited merch drop every video, etc.

Just flexing on how much he loves cars and engineering to win.
Thank the baby JPow I dumped PLTR
Didn't know growth stocks were valued at current operation with no projection towards the future, weird
Far fetch  has mooned so hard in a month but we are so fixated on Nio to notice.
But y tho, the commons literally have not fucking moved.
Thank fuck I bought shares at like 10$ rofl
guh
Bought 50 11/20 11.5 puts for $.20 each. Let’s see how the morning looks
DKNG gonna be the next RKT and trade between 39.50 and 42 for the next 3 decades
Puts on ur math skills MOds Ban this idiot until learns how to add
Buying Leaps in the AM.
What did you end up doing? Tanking after earnings atm
100% was priced in
Big Bubba cockadoodle on FSLY!
Check the schedule, just sent it out
[deleted]
EOD contracts were trading at 400% IV this is about to be 100% losses
Tesla pendant les 2 derniers mois 😐
GL
Does dating a girl who just got really fat count as buying the dip?

Asking for a friend
My eyes...did CSCO crush ER? I feel like it’s been 20 years since they last crushed ER 😂
Delete this
Take the tendies and move on.
PLTR  iS gOiNG to mOoN
If you also held purple through earnings because of a WSB post I believe so
Bro stocks ALWAYS drop after ER.
I used to be addicted to roulette so I know the feeling lol
I’m honestly thinking of buying some 100s for EOY. There’s no way they will be opening parks for at least 6 months.
Broke
This didn’t age well
It feels like the sell window has gotten so short since the last 2+ months you barely get enough time to weigh your profit/loss and before you know it, the window is closed. 


Outside the 10% rally last week, theta has been absolutely brutal.
Considering a trading strategy where my only moves are scalping the last 5 min of price action on spy
I bought 10 calls and I think I'm fucked. It's down like 8%. It needed to go up 15% to breakeven lol
being cash gang last 2 days gave me the best sleep i’ve had last 2 months
Lockdowns? DIS+. No lockdowns? Parks, mofo. DIS is now corona proof.
Truly retarded.
Hope you didn't load up too much...
I meant how media and all these “stocks down on covid blah blah” headlines but when sleepy won “vaccine is on the way!” 

Also I don’t care who leads us to hell
Sounds like they did you a favor.
Probably. Gonna close one in the morning
Honestly need to ban these retards that say “HoW r My _____ LoOkInG” stfu dumbfucks
bruahaha!
Well fuck
>d at $1,300,000 for every car it delivers.  Holy \*\*\*\*!

Every car it delivers in one year. Not over time.
Thx pltr, back to rice and beans for a month
I fucking hope so I loaded up on puts today, that expire tomorrow.
[deleted]
AH is always weird let’s see the volume
Courts rule: 🥭s feelings are not factual evidence and not a single big of election fraud has been uncovered.  

-🥭 in brambles
[deleted]
I'm holding too but it wouldn't surprise me if we saw $9-10 in coming weeks if stuff gets rough
all you fucking market wizard retards with the "i know better than you".  i'm up huge overall.  you are all salty trump check asslickers.  i'll give you $3 an hour to clean my pool.
Sold my 5/21/2021 45c for a 200% profit today. Looking to buy back into nio. Been trying to find some good dd on earnings and trying to figure out if I should play the friday Chinese EV dip or wait until after. I’m thinking like 10 contacts for 65c 5/21/2021. I don’t play weeklies cause I like low risk leaps... so with that, any thoughts, or comments on my next steps?
>1.4 shares. 

lol
To incite fomo
Like always, it'll crash at open and you'll get crushed by IV if you're holding short dated calls.
Lmao PLTR dead.

My AMAT actually going up after an ER for once. If DKNG moons tmmrw after its ER I might just have ended my fuck up spree.
$15 came sooner than I thought
See Thiel dumped his shares on retail and now after earnings they’ll be bagholding

Meanwhile it’s still evil and you could have invested in Zoom or Disney which is way less evil and you’d be up big
Those puts though...idk
Theta ganged DIS earnings... sold cash secured puts.... profit is profit
Hope you sold at open; otherwise RIP your butthole and don’t rope
lmao everyone i talked to say the same thing
should’ve sold PLTR yesterday damn
Made $200 this morning scalping a few paypal puts bought at open and sold about an hour later. Could have been $500 if held till the afternoon.
Yep, earnings don’t matter perception is the key.
Why are you using historic numbers? This is a growth company.
This guy sings it better
Uvxy 20 tomorrow
When you say “veteran investor”, what are we talking?  A week?  2?  I think most of the kind frequenters of this sub might be offended if you use such terms to describe them.
They essentially threw away $550m in the past 3 months. Handing out almost a billion dollars in stock compensation in a quarter is insane, even for companies 10x bigger than they are. I can only imagine they're expecting MASSIVE returns from Thiel and co. in the future, but short term that is a significant deal for a company that technically hasn't turned a profit. Though, this report is setting up for an absolute home run of a Q4 ER if they just keep course.
>MW UPDATE: Disney suffers first annual loss in more than 40 years, but stock jumps as losses are not as bad as feared

Lol, fucking bag holders get ready
lol
[deleted]
i will never not upvote any version of this meme i see
Seems like the option of "or die" is what played out.
God no
unfortunately that is very unfortunate
Calls on coke and hookers 
All in on qualudes
Rapidly growing deliveries, a Biden presidency easing China restrictions and pro EV.  Chyna won’t let this fail.
eps of (94c), consensus was 0.02 so they missed by 4800%
[deleted]
im aware, Ive used the software the IC uses and believe once its applied to private industry its going to rocket and be a more traditional tech P/E
Well, he's the president. So...
Yes I hear it rules
I got stopped out this morning losing all my profit from buying the dip yesterday. That chart looks damaged now
Are you me?
how come? im buying shares for long term
Yolo SHOP bet - 4 x 950Call - Dec 18 - I'm assuming that after dropping 6% when the market felt Work from Home stocks should decline, today things got worse and I'm expecting people to jump back on board and drive it back to $1,000
Well please enlighten me, so that I too can become rich like you Sir.
I would love it..but this POS stock is stuck between 10.5 - 12
Holy fuck. Comp almost equal to revenue on the year lol
Their major source of revenue is their parks. They are paying so much to keep them open, but nobody is allowed to go
How is losing $0.94 per share when they were estimated to make $0.02 per share killing it with ER?
I wanted money ‘cause I had none,

I fought the Maus and the Maus won.
Good point.
It will after a press release telling how many units sold
When we lock down again
I won't but ok let's get it
Because it went up from $9 to 15 in a week so I am guessing they were expecting something bigger
Okay so we on the same page
Blood red
sexy m8
Disney made me delete my RH account I’ll be back in March
Glad I sold my Pltr leaps. Buying them back for cheap tomorrow
Bigc will rocket before U
Hold NIO forever
# Do you all know the Black Leather Jacket Man ?
Barron with another hype article on China EV. Tomorrow is $50
Welcome to stonks 2020
If that happens I will jizz on my own face with how big the explosion will be.
I regret selling.
[deleted]
Even with Ji "Pooh Bear" Jinpiang fucking with them they are still a great company... can't believe how much they've dropped
hoping for some decent guidance on PLTR
Yeah they weren’t even counted in the official tally so irrelevant
[deleted]
It’s hard for a vaccine to be more than 90% effective. But they may have an advantage over Pfizer in terms of storage temp. Also Russia announced its vaccine using 1960 vaccine technology was 92% effective.
WTF palantir you autistic fuck
Haha! That's so swell, fellow Redditor. I too enjoy shilling subreddits!  


11k subs, 6 online, less than 1 post per day. Someone bought some subscribers, how's that working out for you? Seems like a ghost town in there with card board cut outs of people in the windows.
Only 25 of them. Ever since r/investing. Deep to me is anything over $100 lol
**/dons tinfoil hat**

PLTR is a shady data company that largely exists to be a government contractor.  It's not like they're going to report the REAL numbers, sheeple! You would learn too much!  

**/removes tinfoil hat**

Where am I? Who are you people?
So what? Peter Thiel is gay
Hype, but just rude it LOL. Earnings coming up and it’s gonna pump before earnings. I’m gonna sell before earnings and take the tendies.
Haha of course my last semester has to be the hardest semester especially with online. Taking self taught to another level 😂 but I appreciate it man!
Priced in. Games wont move the stonk price
Ahahahhaha
We're all dopamine addicted. So part of it is us just gaining a tolerance to that high. Not that you didn't already realize this, I don't think anyone here would describe our behavior as healthy. I really don't know how this plays out as far as long term mental health ramifications, but net net we would fill that dopamine void with something no matter what. Hopefully most of us have just enough control to not TOTALLY ruin our lives long term here, and on the positive end we are hopefully learning a lot about finance/economics.   


Personally I would have been better off never taking a single trade in my entire life, but I'm starting to build a pretty good understanding of the fundamental macro image of our economy. I'm hoping that in the long term this ends up playing to my advantage and making the short term degenerate learning phase worth it.   


This decade will likely see a massive run in commodities, and if for example we start seeing rates rise or some other long since unfamiliar change in economic conditions, we'll know not to get in the way of something dangerous. I use to think these tech stocks were mooning due to just hype, but never realized the fundamental relationship between rates and growth stocks for example. Or the relationship between QE and interest rates. I would have never learned the roll the central banks are playing.  


Leverage this degenerate cesspool and your dopamine addiction to the markets as best you can, since the alternative is likely just an expensive heroine addiction that has zero chance of ever paying off long term.
Farfetch, I f’n knew it but I’m too much of a puss. And also broke
$13.93
How are my PLTR 01/21/2023 $15C lookin?
Seriously, someone check my math.  NIO has a $65 billion dollar market cap.  Delivers about 50,000 cars a year.  My math says company is valued at $1,300,000 for every car it delivers.  Holy ****!
Best President ever!
That’s insane.

I wanna get puts but I think everyone has the same idea, they’re fucking pricey.

Might still go for it can’t see them not dip below $125 in the next few weeks
LMFAO
they make cars
I am entering in this dip
You guys never seem to amaze me
I started in July, do I count?
Hoping Dis rubs off on AMZN
Bullish
Wrong
PLTR drop is market manipulation to buy it low tomorrow.
Lex luthur coming for you now
Haha doubled down early on and ended up just green on the day because IV is stupid high. But thanks for checking in 👌🏼
In the words of some guy on TV, "Sheeeeeeeeeeiiiiiit"
-15% tmrw
[deleted]
Jup, but expectations were too high for this one... also why the fuck did they donate 750k shares to a charity prior to ipo.. wtf
Because who cares we’ll all be dead soon
HAMMERING this pltr dip at open
God I hope. I want to buy back in
RIP to all the PLTR brahs
COVID numbers have been exploding since before election day, but sure.

Also, he has no chance.
Cisco was such a pity beat. They barely beat on revenue. Any other tech company absolutely tanked after earnings
WTF palantir you autistic fuck
They missed it by 4800%?
Not convinced it’s done tanking though. We will see tomorrow.
# PLTR?

# I barely knew'er!
Gotta love it. 52% YoY sales growth and its down 8% AH. I swear it’s like Earnings Reports could be crayon scribbling and it would be more relevant to the stock price
Ok buddy
Palantir Technologies (NYSE:PLTR) reported quarterly losses of $(0.94) per share which missed the analyst consensus estimate of $0.02 by 4800 percent.
Shares? Fractional shares? The all in meme stonks portfolio.
I’m sure China will invest heavily too with the new restrictions mango is implementing
-15% tomorrow
You hate money
I'll use the GAYPIs to inverse your stupid ass comment
FSLY about to fly.  


They're not going to ban tiktok
All your idols die. PLTR ded. NIO next.
did you sell?? some nice tendies
[deleted]
Disney puts at open. Repeat Disney puts at open. They gonna get all happy, bad Covid news, gonna shoot back down.
PLTR till the death of me
Wow an idiot who still believes in gamestop. I'm with you, we're gonna do this together!
You're tearing the matrix. The stock market is capitalistic social security.
Lol well those might not print.  How many?  Only 0.06 each!!!
Options on earnings is pure gambling son. Stop that.
Long and strong, time to get the friction on
You’re lying.
PLTR - $290m in quarterly rev. Naturally at $24,000,000,000 valuation. Y'all are retarded
Tomorow we feast. 8 bagger.
If you're timing a catalyst, then you gonna diamondhold. If you got a gain target, then I'd recommend to set up a stop loss at a certain point.
I might wait til the metric shit ton of insider shares vest in 3 days before doing that.
I bet she’s been sending them out for free anyways. Might as well get paid to be cameraman for some extra FD money 🤡
They use to always shit the bed before the pandemic.
So what's the deal with NIO?  Is there anything concrete driving up the price or is it just the latest hyped ticker?
damn Disney already at pre covid levels 

don't fuck with the mouse
It’s called pulling a papa John
Story of my life
Im going to be bagholding PLTR for a while. Thanks Peter Thiel.
Pltr either -.60 or +.30 rn tf is that
It’s below IPO price so this might be a great entry for long term
Watch out for ER. Stocks usually take a dive after
Basically risk free trade, MMs shaking weak hands
LOL at everyone telling me PLTR would make them a ton of money so they didn’t care they were financing a company to spy on them
ATVI has literally no liquidity After Hours. Ignore everything they do because tomorrow will completely invalidate any AH movements
UK market pricing it as fully legit.
Tried to warn y'all about The Mouse.    
He's known as Mickey *"Fists"* around the corp office.   


Because he fists butts.
On red days I’m about to start buying 0dte calls at like 1$ up from whatever spy is
Much more likely we test 350 tomorrow than those calls printing.
maybe because it's already up 40% since IPO 

and 70% at some point today
Better than PLTR
Did PLTR just confuse the fuck out of the market?  Shit is flip flopping like mad lol
" **Earnings:** Loss of 94 cents per share, adjusted, vs loss of 24 cents a year earlier. "
you see the pop ah?
It’s at $13.35 rn. Well done autist
The earnings info seemingly is already leaked.
Pltr getting drilled
To increase interest in their calls so they can ensure a decent jump in the morning
-10% and counting.  Got more puts then calls as they were only like $5 each
We are fucked if LI doesn’t clutch
Pltr was up like 50% in a few days. The earnings are just sending it back down where it should be.
[deleted]
Jacked to the tits with 12/11 50 calls
I sold puts on it when it was at $5, I'm now upset I didn't yolo everything into calls
I have several 1dte call I picked up when it hit 11.10, if that happens I will literally buy a next gen console from gamestop instead of online like everyone else
[deleted]
Yeah, I almost bought the PLTR hype and backed off.  NIO lost me a ton today, though.   Bought 100 calls right before the dip and panic sold after 🍊 tweet thinking it was about to take a bigger dump
Up 34% on the month
Not enough growth smh 😂
Oh yesss
[deleted]
Just hope IV crush doesn’t get you
Nope not day trading, bought puts today before close, will sell tomorrow for calls and I will hold the calls for Monday, possibly longer throughout the week.
just bought one FD. was gonna buy more but forgot to and market was closed
[deleted]
So i should cook and eat my portfolio?
-0.94 on 0.02 estimate lmao
[deleted]
Yeap, selling $100 worth of food for $80 should totally solve that can flow problem.  Lol.  Classic uber.
[deleted]
Europoors please kindly fuck off dont even come to the party tonight
Okay someone somewhat less retarded than me explain why 50% sales growth on PLTR makes it dump
Trump has no power to make executive order anymore.
ToS news feed from Benzinga
Bruh....
Strike and exp?
Good thing I bought Jan 2022 PLTR. Tanking 😭
Ya when does that kick in I’m going with that I went diamond hands in this play
Looks like PLTR beat earnings, so why is it collapsing?
Ah yes all clean energy got an AH pump except SEDG
Yes today
I think it’s close to the bottom. I almost pulled the trigger at 20.50 but I wasn’t quick enough
When do we rotate back into tech?
Unity fantastic earnings
Same
DN
Whats your basis?
Stock-based compensation of $800+ million. That's more than the executives of Apple, Microsoft, and Alphabet made this year combined. Shit that's almost as much money as Palantir expects to make for the full year. Absurd and irresponsible.
[removed]
RIP PLTR gang

I am glad I sat this one out. 

I didn't realize they were starting a new tunnel boring company, and they were drilling to earths core *today.*
PIGS GET SLAUGHTERED 🐷🐖🐷🐖🐷🐖🐷🐖🐷🐖🐷🐖🐷🐖🐷
[deleted]
2 cents?? gtfo here
It’s drilling bruh.
What are your thoughts on NIO, XPEV & LI for tomorrow?
Idk I’m just a gambler
So don’t invest in China military stocks, and you’re fine. 
Did you even read the article?
Atleast it wasn’t a big loss
Damn. Well spy options cutoff at 4:30pm est, in case you didn’t know. So you have an extra 30min for it to go back up
[deleted]
this prob gonna cause chinese stocks to dump tomorrow
tonight?
PLTR will be gobbled up in the morning, i'll watch it moon, staying long. Who's with me?
Wealth simple is commission free for Canadian stonks
Pltr bulls fuk
Its not up yet?
[deleted]
Mooning tmrw cause of earnings for li auto
Wonder wut Stock Moe has to say about Chyna EV's today
Got weekly puts, I have 2022 calls
[deleted]
I only go up 350% when I’m playing with $50 

Ffs
very very red
These last minute pumps EOD are getting old
PLTR dump fake $25 by EOW
is anyone long on JD?
Unbeatable GME porn 👏 ty
Anyone on LI AUTO puts?
Was it shorts covering?
I had that too but sold eod today fuck. Chickened out but for a small 20% gain
wtf did you do. There is earnings coming up
Here’s your chance to get U cheap before it rockets up to 125
[deleted]
My account looks the same
PLTR RIP ouch
HE BOUGHT ?
Is that the same old white guy holding the coffee mug in that meme?
losing more and more money
that’s one way to be down 100%. rip buddy stay strong you’ll get thru it
Def not that was more than short covering imo
Palantir is a covid stock, they’re doing contact tracing in UK, probably some other secretive stuff in there too
Why no post in the wallstreetbets
Nio 12/31 47 calls ...am I dumb?
That is when the real drilling back to sub 10 happens
OK SO WHY IT GO DOWN
Not gonna happen
XPEV looking like 44 is the floor based on AH
uhh... take profits.  or set a stop loss. numb nuts
Might go up, down, or stay flat
Sell
Barron's just put NIO, XPEV and LI on the radar with a "How High Can They Go? " piece comparing to TSLA... Here comes the MAINSTREAM PUMP.

NIO $250 EOM.
Damn my whole portfolio is at the exact same place but .35 per option. Fuck that last hour
God. I hate money.
I am still ok bought PLTR share at 10.  Hopefully tomorrow they are up a bit.
Why is TSLA graph buggy..
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
should I buy the AH dip on PLTR? was planning on getting leaps too tmw
[deleted]
dunno lots of puts calls on either side for PLTR. lets wait to 5 PM
Bought 200 shares of PLTR on margin and sold a few covered calls. Looks like I'm bagholding this shit now.
Getting out of DIS and CSCO feels bad, but dodging PLTR and U feels good, we'll see how this DKNG I couldn't get out of in time feels tomorrow
PLTR RIP...ouch
Yesssss can buy in on palantir tomorrow
Might break even on my pltr puts after iv eats them alive lol
Are you day trading? I’m not and can’t get stuck holding los baggos
Nah. Penny pump & dump.
more like $340 rug pull thats about to happen overnight. 1.3bn MOC was in the works.
Agreed, I’m fine with that. It’ll sky rocket after a setback today
Bro disney makes money from multiple things lol. Y’all should just buy long leaps on Disney and watch it grow..
 [**Palantir reports 52% sales growth in first earnings statement since market debut**](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/palantir-reports-t.html)
How can he be so certain that it would occur between now and January??
[deleted]
2 $50 uber eats cards for $80.
All this lockdown covid talk.. zoom pumping?
Great? Bro they shit the bed. From projected EPS of .02 to (.94)  that’s a huge miss. If you don’t think so your being delusional.
Thanks for the premium on those 20c I sold you
Almost 200k viewers for call of duty Cold War at 4:00pm est and overall people loving zombies and the game. Hopefully we get it tomorrow ATVI bagholders
So what's the consensus on the vaccine? Seems like the market has decided it's a nothing sandwich. Seems legit to me though.... Discuss.
After UPS never again for any bet larger than 1% of account size
You know what I'm getting a Wendy's burger and that isn't a euphemism.
OK spy take a poopoo for daddy. All the way down to 330.
Why didn’t you just buy shares tomorrow if you thought it would drop overnight?

Congrats on the puts.
Me too :( RIP
Nothing about NIO is safe. That said, I’m all in.
I will not be held liable for any of my previous PLTR pump posts, I'm still bullish as fuck tbh. Cashing in my put hedge to buy shares tomorrow :)
AMAT beat but where is this gonna end up tomorrow? rly want it past 72
Huge EPS miss, which seems to be due to a different basis than the estimate. Should get clarity on the call.
[deleted]
From what I have seen so far the flow right at open and right before close have usually been good indicators on which way the stock will move.
Give me a good reason for SPY not to moon to 355+ tomorrow.

And dont say mango or covid.
We'll see
I’m new to this. If they beat earnings who is it down in AA trading?
Their earnings report is a mix of social PR, product advertisements, and financials.
you know the thing
Down bigly tomorrow. Might recover
Been gaped too many times before
Lmaoooo i played and won nicely Tuesday yesterday and today... told myself not to play today after I sold my Wednesday moves today but still jumped in to with more than I’m willing to lose, my dumbass bought 445s and 500s instead of buying going back i to 400s or 405s. Ah well ya win some ya lose some
Did you lose or learn?
This company had it going for it. They are focusing still their efforts on hardware based networking when everything it turning to software due to all the benefits it has! Cisco will never return to the peak it was in 2000, the most valuable company. Everyone at Cisco hates it.  I drive by their headquarters regularly and they all look so depressed and lifeless.
updoot spy green tomorrow, downdoot spy red, call me a retard if flat
Please be right!
My Disney Puts = Jonas Brothers

https://youtu.be/_zrAnhgYzSo
He's prolly gonna extend it out
Y U NOOO
If we could just open 1% down 💦💦
LI pumping
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who else needs zm to open at $450? I shoulda bought puts
Diversify yoself fool.
That's gona get IV crushed.
Average down
Taking my 350% gain at the top, or 100% gain at close woulda been cool, but I know I woulda paper hands at 50% anyways
and NIO please please
Don’t think PLTR could have missed EPS by any more holy shit. F
TY bb
That's why it's better
What did pltr report at?
It's only Huawei and a bunch of unknown state companies. No memestocks. Relax
Check his strike price, why tf wud u think its some sensible desicion
All yall clamoring about Palantir need to calm down, they report earnings at 5 EST
I need at least 1.4% green to profit
Is UAVS really going to be a thing?
should have sold. it was 1.3bn MOC at EOD.
I got In at 280. I was so confident in these calls. You know how sometimes you push that buy button and your like ‘is this retarded?’. I was 100% on these.
[deleted]
TF is a share?
massive dump :(
That's from September, retard
Make sure you update your email so they can keep sending margin call emails to you.
Bought 1/21 pltr 20 calls this morning what do you guys think?
You should probably think about rolling soon...you may have difficulty selling if it’s up to $60 and you are still holding end of December.
PLTR will moon tomorrow
No everyone is expecting it to not crash because crashing is the most logical outcome so it will inverse that and actually crash.
Watch all them PLTR shills suddenly disappear
Look at Farfetch lol
OTM retail or travel puts for January or further out.
Made a big play both ways for Draftkings today. Don't screw me sports Vegas.
DIS is a tech company now.
Why are you guys surprised about PLTR beating and dropping? Just wait for it to bottom out and buy back in
When it goes up that much set a trailing stop. I had a 353 put i set a trailing stop for 200 it sold and now I'm happy
365*
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
No tik tok ban. Mango lost interest.
Im glad i bought those pltr puts at 3 today
Cisco and Disney lol WUT.
You'll be rich when you sell mid-2020
Spy gonna be big green tomorrow, don’t worry
Looks like we have a buying opp tomm
Was up 6k, expect to skate by with $2k profit after tomorrow.
Fuck mango, Biden is gonna make America great again. Send our stock market to the moon
What a waaaaarrior would dooooo
[deleted]
I would imagine at that level of success, you have a new level of not giving a fuck.
God can't believe no one mentioned The Weeknd was playing the super bowl in the daily. No wonder SPY is green AH smh
I think losing 25$ in a day happens to even the best
I did this with ZM
They missed earnings by a million miles.
Lol
Disney and Cisco beat earnings and are up, so maybe they’ll carry the market tomorrow. Or not
[deleted]
Lesson learned. Don’t buy spy puts.
[deleted]
Disney conference call music is inspiring the bulls
This guy still being in literally inspires enough confidence for me to stay in. He has to know something.
Lmdaooooooo
Pltr getting straight headshots
Does it happen often?
I would be careful what I say about the One Punch Man
Guys guys... it’s literally 100% of my portfolio. Got in $FSR at $10.35 and up almost 50% already. So of course I pinky promise 😉
Can’t wait to snatch up PLTR calls tomorrow 👹
Da fuck
RIP to my PLTR YOLOs 💵🔥😅
The fact PLTR has had inside info about the inner workings, workflows and issues of governments that nobody in the world has, and they only produced two products that body needs based on that... is not a good sign

They should have 9 different saas products that could be sold to every state and large city 

Yet all they have is a saas platform for submarines
I bought 500 shares this morning and 11/20 $15p I was certain it will go down a bit, but this is one of my long holds, I will be doing. So works out for me for now, and hopefully for the foreseeable future.
Imagine doubting NIO. Let’s see what Europe does tonight. Hopefully the eurorich show up
[deleted]
I told myself I’ll stop buying calls before an earnings report

Guess who bought pltr calls expiring tomorrow?


This retard :)
Holding PLTR 11/13 14P. Lets see how earnings goes...
I for one welcome a dip back to 10

more shares

and dump my covered call at the 11 strike that is down 1200%
Impossible, li auto earnings tmrw
It was deleted because mods know this guy is right. Suck my cock mods
So PLTR green or red on open cuz I can’t tell lmao
[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/trump-bans-investments-in-companies-that-aid-chinas-military.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/trump-bans-investments-in-companies-that-aid-chinas-military.html)
Yeah that’s a good play. I have 2 10c 1/21/2022 and 3 15c 2/15/2021 and I’m not worried. All in all they’ve even growing really nicely since 2018
He's waiting for the squeeze.
I was testing out a new options flow app in beta and right at open I saw this out of the money call and it looked really bullish. Unfortunately I freaked out because ZM was spiking really hard and I felt like as soon as I bought some calls it would start to crash.
100% agree. The market is so irrational but I’m thinking the guidance, which should be very lackluster, should bring this thing back down to earth. No reason it should mooning so hard
Shut up
I have such a hard time getting behind these because they are as ugly as sin itself.
Just messin man I pulled all nighters nonstop for thermo in college, congrats on doing well!
I bought calls
No matter what happens. Disney earnings is always a win. Lmao
Funny way of saying:  


Kids are happy that they made $10 on the stock market in one day while older people are upset that they lost $10,000.
Is NIO safe over night?
but why?
Unusual whales / unusual options is not a buying signal.
Damn my pltr fd put might print
[deleted]
Because you’re retarded, their guidance is nowhere near what was hoped for. If it ever comes to fruition it just became a much longer hold.
I need to permanently affix a don’t play with ZM, TSLA, or SHOP sticker on my computer. The 25 percent of time I make money on them for some reason is more memorable than the 75 percent I get hosed.
Stop spending lunch money on Robinhood
Where’s that guy who invested 1k in PLTR based on a DM?
GME 13 tomorrow?
die
Why do people post this kind of shit not even 30 minutes after close
With all of the money I just made off of Disney Earnings, my wife may just f*ck me tonight. Although she’ll eventually want to go to Disneyland but we all know the money will be long gone by then.....
Lmao!  I can’t wait to see all the loss porn
[deleted]
Of course palantir drops, everyone had calls. 
Disney pumps, a lot of puts orders were in. These fuckers reported a loss, and still up. 
Then Cisco, I had puts, so of course that was gonna go up. Even though earnings are no better than last quarter.
Sold my call today with 100% gain and bought some put.
What do you call this sort of witchcraft investing ?
Reports good, keep hold. I’ll be doing the same.
Alright BABA hurry the fuck up and climb to $400 and do your 8:1 split as planned.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Look at RKT
Aint gonna lie !!! NIO is way overvalue and this thing has to pop !!

Nevertheless, holding 2k shares and 60c expire next week
Sheesh you are fuk
Autism
NIO still looking safe.
They will get into a better economic relationship tho
Puts on this dude... Zoom is 120+ billion dollar company.
Just technicals. All im saying is tomorrow.  Not next week
Ok so if NIO dumps tomorrow, we holding 11/20 calls? That's just the 11/13 losers selling off right?
🖕🏻
this game is so fucking rigged.  i'm up all day on spy puts then with a few minutes left i'm wiped out and then some.  fuck this shit man
Lmao AMWL announces 450% year-over-year visit growth during covid, total revenue of almost 100% 

Plummets AH 8% — wonder if it’ll pick up steam moving forward
I've got puts down so you know it's gonna run. It's not just a pump and dump...
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$46**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$8.62**|**$48.3**|**2770**|**4029**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfc5uooduzy0770eym4iptp) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/xcb_/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
PLTR puts big guy
I mean is it really a $24b company now or within 2 years?
Multi-billion\*

He left WebEx because Cisco bought it and made it shitty and ignored his suggestions.
I would be so happy
Gonna run back up to 500 really quick as soon as more shutdowns get announced
Same
I sold these at close. Feels bad.
I got crabs in China one time I wonder if those are the same ones they put in rangoons
Nah, just one handed covered in dorito dust.
Buy the fkin dip and get back in it
RIP
Don’t take her out in public only let her think your dating like when the little brother doesn’t know the older brother pulled out his controller
Disney back to ath and their parks are shutdown. Is this the big lockdown short we’ve all been waiting for?
Wut about 15c 11/20 🥺
I was up $3500 down to just +750.
RIP PLTR but the Mouse is mooning!!
Yeah you def wanna find out if it goes to zero and how quick
let it pump then buy puts later? hmmm i hope ur right
My low level of DD makes me think that they have similarities to SE (but not to the same degree). Could put ZNGA in a pretty good growth zone eventually.
After hours bull trap motherfuckers
Your date will hold back your earnings, but still a good move
if this dude is still BALLS deep, i have zero worries. lets get some tenders
I think you’ll win tomorrow
Link?
I'm down 50% today and I feel nothing
It’s 6 days till earnings
Damn dawg, I definitely think these will print eventually but not by tomorrow. Good luck man I'll rub one out for you tonight
Does Jeff Bezos face freak anyone else out? You'd think for a few billion he could fix his squinty eye
Not worth
NIO to 🌗
I wonder how much these January 21 PLTR $16ps are going to be worth
ATVI what you doing? I have calls but wtf is that
What are you going to do when they drop right before open
I don’t believe a formal coup will happen but he’s bound to pull some flavor of fuckery
Why is palantir down after this report?
345 tomorrow
Buy mouse at open?
[deleted]
Me too bb
bro did you miss the run-up the past 5 days?
Un-subscribing from Disney+
Crab rangoon originated in the US. 90% of the "Chinese" food you know are 100% american food. by american, for amrican
Yet same price action before/after earning report.
You haven't seen that a ton lately?
Have 5/21 30c. And Bruh that shit is killing me
Nov 13 $46 
Nov 13 $47
Hoping for the pullback and to buy calls on the pullbacks!
Mine asked what I thought about it so I told her I'd leave her ass like the cheap whore she wants to be. It was a productive discussion.
I haven’t slept since yesterday brother. Give me a break :(
Sorry I sold you some of those bro, it was just a prank
Not good
Out of day trades, looks like 95% of my account is in 11/13 SPY $350p at .34. Godspeed, retards.
Why?
buy a steak for dinner
I deserve this, flagellate me daddy
If ZM doesn’t finish 460+ tomorrow I’ll light my pubic hair on fire
This is where most of my loses are rn.
Depends on the ticker. DIS you’re making a shit load. PLTR I wouldn’t be excited
Sold it in the am
NOT ENOUGH LOTR REFERENCES TODAY

fool of a took for buying calls looking deep into the PLTR
We only care about disney+ now 😬
[deleted]
It'll reverse don't worry.
Can someone kick this guy out of White House already???????

**The order bars American companies and individuals from owning stakes in Chinese companies the White House deems to help in the advancement of the People’s Liberation Army.** 

 **The ban will take effect starting 9:30 a.m. ET on Jan. 11, 2021 and targets 31 companies.**
Probably AOC or ivanka
[deleted]
this is why it won't that much
[removed]
Lol 592 ballots aint gonna do it
Got the same ones lol. I dont think it will be that bad. Gonna hold. Hopefully this shit bounces
Can’t wait to smoke a bowl to some PLTR loss porn tomorrow 🤗🤗
PLTR sold calls right before the close, whew
Sell PLTR and don’t look back.
Opinions on my positions? 
RKT 21.5p 11/13 
ACB 6.5p 11/20 
PLUG 24c 11/20 
TWTR 45c 12/4
💩
Will ATVI ever have a good day asking for a friend who loves the company but crying at this price movement
[deleted]
[removed]
No strings attached is a rule of the game
🥴
I think PLTR will moon by tomorrow
Wot
ESPN/FOX Sports haven't had much beyond a little bit of football now

ABC/Marvel/21st Century Fox haven't really produced any new content.  The History Channel/NatGeo/Hallmark Channel have all reruns

Lucasfilm has The Mandalorian for Disney Plus

All the real estate is closed down

Their guidance should be garbage but people tolerate it because its Disney.

[Here is a good graphic showing all the different parts of the company](https://storage.googleapis.com/titlemax-media/1c8ace8f-every-company-disney-owns-13_pageversion-lg.jpg)
Hope the CEO of Cisco says the N word on the earnings call so my puts will come back to life tomorrow
🌈🐻
No february
because stocks only go up
Thesis is more accurately said as: REV likely to see positive headwinds now that debt problem/bankruptcy is resolved. Additionally, the stock looks ripe for another short squeeze in the next few days. Ofc there were two “squeezes” on Tuesday and yesterday but they were more likely speculation trades based on news from the positive developments regarding the debt issue. Shorts would come back into the market after each because the news was not definitive and there was a possibility for a major downturn if debt issue wasn’t resolved.
Mango coup talks going well 🤡🤡🤡
oh.  probably should have gone more OTM then...that's a bit ambitious
A lot of stocks can go down and stay down for a *while*, like, 4 years. Some may bounce back up, but never (seemingly) to the level of your original purchase price. Some also go bankrupt or get delisted. During this waiting game, your capital is tied up and life still goes on.
WSB never fails to be on the wrong side after earnings. You could start a hedge fund just inversing once the herd here starts spamming a stock too much
DIS lotto calls before earnings wins again!
😞
200% of -75% is -150%. Checkmate autheists.
That’s old news broski
How is that possible.
I’ll be a man of my word, but rising cases potential lockdowns and more presidential conflict. Why you thinking green m. You just might be right because market doesn’t give a fuck about logic
My PLTR 14.5p (11/13 exp) printing!
"I gotta yolo to get back to even" \*precipitous drop via terrible play calling
I got fucked
god damn sauroman
Literally sold those just before close thinking it would tank
Don’t. Fuck. With. The. Mouse.

It’s like the first rule bro
[deleted]
You can't sell options in AH, but if you have stocks and are no longer bullish then you should sell.
how tf did it skyrocket w 23% loss in revenue lmfao
what did PLTR report?
The case that throws out some insignificant ballot number from people who failed to provide ID by a deadline?

He's behind by almost 50k votes.
No people are going to over hype the shit out of NIO before earnings because they want apart of the dough, you know.
[https://s26.q4cdn.com/381064750/files/doc\_financials/2020/q3/Palantir-Q3-2020-Earnings-Presentation.pdf](https://s26.q4cdn.com/381064750/files/doc_financials/2020/q3/Palantir-Q3-2020-Earnings-Presentation.pdf)
Bought 2000 shares at 3. Sold 1000 at 6 basically free rolling. Sold 500 at 40 because having 40k in meme stock doesn't make sense. Still have 500 and thinking of selling at 55.
PLTR killed it with ER and its dumping?
Grabbed 4 12.5 02/2022 last thursday. Lets get that bread.
Bot?
I have some 140P I bought Monday near the top, so I may not take too bad a hit. I have until 12/4 though and am confident it will melt back down again. My only regret was not selling today so I could rebuy them tomorrow.
You passed and you can't even spell the course name? Puts on your future engineering prospects
Shares
When certain orange man leaves the whitehouse and the CCP has enacted the “antitrust” bill.
Because things are greener than the MMs want you to believe.
Depends on LI
Started the week buying business stocks and gold bullion. Ending the week buying chicken stock and beef bullion.
don’t date hookers!
Fuck me I was holding spy puts on the way down then at 3:05 to 3:10 I saw a higher low and thought to myself if I were going to switch to calls, now would be the time to do it

I did not
[deleted]
Bingo
I bought puts
Well maybe we can next earnings lmao
you fucking idiots lmao
I'm buying after the actual conference call @ 1700
Closing my options due to bear traps is going to be the death of me
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's not how statistics work, but it's how WSB works.
Seems like if the price wasn’t ran up before earnings and it beats it moons.
I am jacked to your tits in NIO puts all the way down to sub $20. No way this doesn’t sell of after earnings.
Sorry I took out a loan to make this play no extra $$
Its up .1%
Just realized my profit on $XPEV was $420 exactly.
no. simply bc it was the free stock webull gave me
Reminder than China is a country of 1.4 billion people.

If even a quarter of them have cars, that's more people than the entire population of the US.

Chinese vehicle companies really don't need the US to do very well for themselves.
PLTR missed eps by 4800% lol
Whomever.
You're the me that didn't forget to put in the order for 1000 shares at $2
Yep I see nothing wrong with that strategy. Secure profits and hold a few. Best of luck bud.
LMAO! Mods did you over good.....
You're on the west coast?
I place an order yesterday at $15.50 & cancelled it five minutes. Thank god
Hope y’all sold NIO.
If OC pinky promises then I'm all in
I hope you like defense/government contract based companies which generally have low P/E ratios.
nice definitely mooning tomorrow
Shares, calls?
[removed]
They trapped all the Bears. That rally was def more then short covering. Green tomorrow confirmed
11/13 put
Morning
[deleted]
https://www.inquirer.com/news/pennsylvania-election-trump-lawsuits-legal-challenves-id-mail-ballots-commonwealth-court-20201112.html?outputType=amp
who cares about 2k votes?

So you lost a lot of money today? Buy high, and sell low? Feeling like your world is crashing in? It’s not. You’ll be ok. You’re risk tolerance is wild enough for you to be here. You will get through this. Take a break and come back fresh. Don’t chase your losses. Talk to some comrades here about how dumb your plays were. If you still feel like you can’t handle life; check out the resources below. There’s no shame in reaching out. My inbox is always open as well, though response time may vary. Worst case, there’s always bankruptcy, and even that isn’t the end of the world. 

Hang in there.

24/7 Crisis Hotline: 1-800-273-TALK (8255) (Veterans, press 1)

Crisis Text Line: Text TALK to 741-741

Veterans Crisis Line: Send a text to 838255

SAMHSA Treatment Referral Hotline (Substance Abuse) 1-800-662-HELP (4357)

The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700)

The National Problem Gambling Text Helpline 800-522-4700

**Wendy’s Customer Service Line: 888- 624-8140**
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-09-15/big-investors-are-dying-to-know-what-the-little-guys-are-doing?utm_source=url_link&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=TrafficAS&utm_content=redditinvesting&fbclid=IwAR0d0WhqfO0FBmX-HjnHFb9SxlUcrLYDMJYqUwk99pDnK48X-JKdG-aHlvk
This gem pop up on my feed earlier. Big red dildos tomorrow.
I like AOC, the puertorican side... gotta be a freak in bed. Ivanka too daddy's girl, might have daddy complex.
Buy shares.
Anyone here dating a girl with an onlyfans? Is it worth it?
I have to keep zooming out of Nio to past month to see dips in an upward thread. 

Daily charts will give you a heart attack
Same actually
gg brother
Looks like the mouse will be single handedly keeping markets afloat tomorrow. To think we'd see the day that disney struggling with earnings, and only rose because it's not as bad as they thought. What a time to be alive.
I did the trader challenge and hedged the trade (do opposite in your main accountt) as they didn't have the 100 free shares when I signed up, lucked out and my bet on $CMG's earnings was right and got a free $250.
I think I’m fukt dude. Market isn’t reacting the way I thought it would LOL 525p
I have a few shares as well at $9.80. Sold my 2/19 $24c this morning near the peak. Will probably by more calls tomorrow depending on what happens.
[deleted]
Ok AMAZON you defended 3100 back to 3300 you go
I’ve got some deep sleeper bets on Poulter and Fitzpatrick. Tiger off to a hot start is pretty cool
[deleted]
Which one of you retards fucked with The Mouse? Show yourselves and explain to us why you hate money.
I’ll follow you on this. 

What are your puts?
Can someone please make a deapfake?
Birx
Unless it moves a lot more, IV crush gonna take its toll
11/20 11p checking in for duty
[deleted]
Has anyone been successful using APIs to inverse majority sentiment here?
Palantir shares is where it’s at boys
lmao I was down 60% on the week yesterday, went positive for a bit, and then lost 30% of the gains going into the close.

Shit's ridiculous. My brain hurts.
If I am selling a cash secured put on PLTR 13.5P, will RH wait for expiration before assigning me or will it BuY tO cLoSe at 100% loss to MiTigAtE rISk at 2pm?
My 11/20 prolly fucked but my Feb next year prolly gonna print
Where you see this??
You have to hope that the momentum stays and people don’t use sell off tomorrow
I bought some cheap 11/20 120p's. It still has a chance to print if there's bad guidance and/or bad market news (more shutdowns etc).
sir, this is a casino.
Glad I sold PLTR this morning. When I saw too many posts about it I knew I was going to shit the bed. It happened to me with RKT
Ban
Lol PLTR
I have made a big mistake
Sold Yesterday before close for a nice profit hehehe like i knew this shit
3:1 Put/Call holder. Probably losing a lot but I'm laughing either way
So NIO's gonna be fucking us call holders tomorrow, huh?
88% down
That was a crazy mouse trap. All ya’ll fucking with that rat, please don’t rope.
I said protective put. look it up haha
Sure. AMA.
Don't u think it is wise to wait till Tuesday or Wednesday to buy any call or put option?
09/13 2021 calls are still good lol. Retards with $20 11/13 calls bigly fucked.
How long do you think DIS will pump off of earnings?
NVM it was for provisional ballots, those weren't added to the totals yet anyways
how fucked are my $23 1/15 calls
f
Sauce?
Stock is down 14%
Shit man I wouldn’t have done that lol. those will likely get IV crushed if it doesn’t swing like crazy. I hope it swings enough so you can come out with profit. Good luck
I'm talking about wall street who loves the mouse
I bought the dip and didnt cry like a bitch
Hope everyone learnt not to fk with the mouse 🐭
😎
PLTR $30c Feb 2021 Expiry.
To whoever I sold PLTR 11/13 20c

U R DUM
Amazon announced they’ll use their own chips for the amazon echo
Naw you got me i still think its big green tomorrow
The only thing I want from China is crab Rangoon

You can keep the NIO thanks though
Wtf was the Asana chart today
Welp. My calls are fucked. Time to double down.
Sorry you lost money bro, but hyping it every minute won't help
Worthless
Fuck, bet* lol
because they’re broke
Fuck I forgot this shit was reporting. There goes my $$$
Graveyard*
Run’s mouse!
thanks, inversed
Hate to say o told you so but pltr was bound to crash
Why in gods name would you short nvidia the Friday before earnings,  with a median price target of 577, a massive run up today before the market rolled over, and a steep sell off already this week
going to buy all the PLTR on this dip. still feel great with my 9.5 CB
Can’t wait to buy that PLTR dip tomorrow
U all realize MM fucks are trying to take ur tendies right PLTR bulls who held thru earnings

U gotta front run those fucks as best u can. Reload tm and be patient, they will run this shit up again
my three week out 18c feels better daddy
See imo the first sign Palantir was a trap is that the openly evil black ops secret data harvesting and spying corporation became widely known and then went public. Seems like they’re retiring and making money while doing it.
It just means you missed out on doing something better with your money.

You're holding [A] and it goes up $5, but [B] goes up $20.

Sure you still made money, but you could've done something better with your investment.

___

Edit:

If your option is moving near Delta 1.0 (1.0 = same movement as stock price, 1:1), then you're no longer taking advantage of the leverage that options give you.
Yup long on PLTR with 12.5P to hedge if it tanks super low
So they could convince WSB to buy in - so they can sell their shares before it tanked again
Just doubled my stake since it didn't stop much at all. Maybe I'll make some dough on a trade for once.
Well my calls are dying. I hate the stock market.
Well mine were printing before fucking that last hour
4800% miss
I make a simple move like buying puts on $PLTR and come to this sub a few hours later and you make me feel like I’ve got some wrinkles on my brain.
Ivanka and jt ain’t even close. Followed by AOC, ACB, Hillary ew and polosi ew lmao
Disney moved like 8%??? A boomer stock?
[deleted]
Hope you sold
DON'T FUCK WITH THE MOUSEEEEE LET'S GOOOOOO
They have two large groups (~20,000 people each). One received the vaccine candidate, one received two saline injections. They then allow both groups to go out and continue their daily lives. People are naturally exposed or not exposed to COVID. They count up how many people in each group had a symptomatic COVID case. In the control group, it was around 85 people at this point in time. In the vaccinated group, it was 9. 9/94 = 91% or "greater than 90%" efficacy.

If you ask me, a sample size of 94 is not sufficient to make this claim, but nobody asked me.
Yeah guess it depends when u bought the puts but that’s still a solid day
Scared money don’t make money
[deleted]
I got calls on AMAT and FTCH first time I ever got two earnings plays right lol
I upgrade my PT for PLTR from $4/share (rate employees were selling before the direct listing) to $7 a share!
Should have sold today or yesterday. Damn.
THANK YOU FTCH YOU BEAUTIFUL MOTHERFUCKER
Thanks man, I’m gonna try to
Why the fuck did SPY rally the moment markets closed?
DIS is boomer stock change my mind
I got wrecked the last month and decided to start new with them. Been having good days so far.
I don’t actually know, I just saw people talking about circuit breakers and got inspired to photoshop
[removed]
🚨 COPE ALERT 🚨
Should I buy PLTR AH or tomorrow?
Like if you’re depressed
[deleted]
its not the opposite its fkn 50-50 wtf are u talkin about
Ok DIS, keep dying baby, that is the way
Why is pltr down
Organic growth bro
DIS past pre-covid level...hahahahahah
How fucked are my $17 12/18 PLTR calls?
CSCO to the moon, what a nightmare for my puts. Back to work so I can try again.
Almost forgot I was on bets. Back to your loser ass calls you fucking retard.
long
Yeah theta gangs gonna eat your ass tomorrow
Sold puts for actual profit before the pump. Was a weird feeling
>got a link?
Earnings are up on the IR page
300% IV lmao
Hilarious to watch them get slaughtered every time after preaching the death of civilization
Those the same votes that already weren't counted or new ones
No one has ever even seen earnings this good. Billions and billions of future opportunities. Some people say this could be the greatest company in the country, in the world really.
Luckily I like PLTR long term and have shares and not  calls God bless to you bag holders
NVDA might print, what's the strike?
52% yoy is great will moon at open
I am waiting for the conf call at 5 pm
Spy puts gonna print
And possibly more debt than they have admitted to, especially in the insurance division.
Someone did the math and determined if she gave him 1 bj per day of their marriage (def did not) she got paid about $6.5M per bj from the divorce.
R.I.P. to the PLTR 11/13 FD holders.  You died so that others might live.
I don’t think my DIS 145c FD for tomorrow will amount to much even with this price action
I sure wish TSLA would take a shit so I can get back in there!
The latter.
Buy puts and then sell them when the price goes down and option value goes up. Never sell calls or puts unless you have cash in case the option is exercised.
Why is PLTR tanking?
Source?
Buy deep PLTR now for disgusting profit when rise
Keeping it 💯: I bought REIT ETF ticker REET simply for the ticker 👌REEEEEEEE
How would you have been if you just bought calls on all 5?
Tbh PLTR long dates calls will pay bigly come
May
[deleted]
Yo BoIs NiO kept m3 gr33n t0day (amidointhisrite?)
Earnings loss was smaller than expected
CSCO $42C 1/15  worked like a dream boys
Disney put holders 😨
expiration?  Sounds like they missed badly may be ok.
I think Etsy was a fake spike
Oh ok. You going to hold on long?
CSCO up 9% bruhhhh
Can you cashapp me $ since you like throwing it away
They reported
What’s happened
I bought all the calls.
My money is on Xander, but I hope Tiger has a great weekend
Okay... Disney put holders. Show yourself! 🚀.

Didn’t take any side but I’m proud of the call holders.
Yes!  Played it safe hahah
Sold mine yesterday, reloading tm
I'm loaded with 1030 SHOP calls 11/20, I bet it has a zoom-like day tomorrow
BABA gonna pop off soon. It’s not if but when
Always inverse. Always.
Investing in consulting companies is the future 

PLTR $1k 1/15/21
Expire tomorrow?
5.2k
It amazes me how ppl still believe that great earnings will pump the price.  It s the opposite
Palantir miss eps by 0.77$
I see 45 fuckings in that pic.
Why tho? Any reason to think we are going down  other than the chart looking like a triple top? The end of the day seems like a lot of people betting that we rocket tomorrow
Yes they did - [https://investors.palantir.com/news-details/2020/Palantir-Reports-Revenue-Growth-of-52-in-the-Third-Quarter-Raises-Full-Year-2020-Guidance/default.aspx](https://investors.palantir.com/news-details/2020/Palantir-Reports-Revenue-Growth-of-52-in-the-Third-Quarter-Raises-Full-Year-2020-Guidance/default.aspx)

Call is @ 5
I am long ( boomer shares) but i have some 14.5 calls expiring tomm. I sold most of my calls yest.
PLTR raised their guidance you dummys
Yes, my move on calls is to maximize profits. Typically, maximizing profits makes me more money than maximizing losses.
352 held so we blasting off new ath next week
There have been some huge (for chewy) buys EOD the past few days it looked like it was bleeding <61. My 1/21 80C are happy and im confident
[deleted]
Glad I bought DIS calls but sold NIO too early today, still would have sold most of it eod but could have slept in AND made more money :/
not that bad...just not amazing I guess...still think they are good tho
Why NVDA puts???
Why are ROKU and ETSY mooning? ER was today?
To be fair, we were warned.
This market in one sentence: drop spy enough so bears buy puts and run it up
What we do need to sell and bail?
🤤🤤
CSCO should crash because they beat ER with massive layoffs and early retirements. In addition they are offshoring their IT department and cutting other departments that focus on the future of networking! Sounds familiar?.. the next IBM?
Jumping ship ASAP
Fuck you Peter Thiel
The way I look at it, where else can you put your money?  When there is only one slot machine, you play it.
Hey you leave me alone.
RIP palantir victims. Send our regards to RKT martyrs.
i hate money
I took profits on my 100 shares at 9.95 a while back.. wanted to buy back in on the dip, but it never dipped.. lol.

I'm going to buy the post earnings dip: 100 shares to swing trade, 100 to hold until 10 bagger.
Behold, THE MOUSE!
Was up 50% on my entire profile at 10 am and couldn’t sell because I was taking Thermodymanics exam that I finished at 11:15... ended the day -12% 🤡🤡 at least I passed right ?
ah nvm I'm guessing its disney
That was a nasty ass spy pump at the end. So srry to whoever bought the last hour or so. My condolences to all ya sick bears
Both were very cheap and 11/20 so whatever but looks like I chose the opposite direction for both like an autist
[deleted]
I'm impressed it havent drilled to earths core tbh. I fully expected that result.
This may be a dumb thought, but if we have lockdowns again should that make SPY go up overall or am I tarded?
I’m starting to understand, do you mind explaining a little more on the missing out on better leverage part?
You're a retard because you'll probably be dropping a pile and giggling at it when you should be closing either position.
https://media3.giphy.com/media/3o7TKDhKDvyTMIimnC/source.gif
Now I wait and see if my PLTR lotto puts print tomorrow.
PLTR is so crazy manipulated.. bounces between $9 and $11 for weeks, moons before earnings to trap baby bulls and now we're back to $10
Lol trump just won the pa case
For those of you with Apple shares on RH, did you receive your dividend payment?
Fuck me I knew I should have bought csco calls. Could have gotten a lambo but instead I made $25 with my 8.17 shares.
What time are Li ER?
Shut up
Yeah but these bears want fast money 😂
How much did you pay for these..
You smash bricks while I smash your girlfriend 👏🏻
[deleted]
[deleted]
TLDR? Wrong symbol, it’s PLTR
Can't stop won't stop game(got)stopped
I'm partial to the Latinas.
How many of y’all got a new one teared because of BABA today?
Million dollar dreams.  Definitely not an autist.
if they expire tomorrow you might be screwed, if next week and not an insane strike you're probably fine...

this is not investment advice and I have no idea what I'm doing
Tried to fill BA weekly puts at the top for .52 - they didn’t fill and showed .60. I said fuck that that’s bullshit. Held off.... it hit over 3.0 later in the day....
It's dead, look at AH
The mouse
Just curious but why aren't you selling anything? Are you waiting until January?
[deleted]
Hilary and Pelosi Lesbian scene
PLTR -- wait for the upgrades before you jump off the roof.  EPS value may not compare to what was used for estimate, which triggered the big drop.
PLTR sell-off still won't save my 13.5 Puts
Whoever I sold PLTR 11/13 20c to... U R Fucked
👀👀👀
 Gee, thanks $PLTR, now I have to ask Jody (my wife's boyfriend) every time I want to buy options.
[removed]
who's mouse?
PLTR didnt report yet. They report at 5
NIO $36P 11/20 let’s go baby!!! Already up $20 each after today’s surge, it’s gonna print tomorrow bb
Lol
It goes back to short sellers , who hoard cash like a pussy
This is why you don’t fk with the mouse bois
ccp bailed out, yes it's state owned but maybe not legally so, nio was being shorted <$1 before bailout
Seriously man I couldnt believe that no one else was bringing up Li. Did anyone pay attention to XPEV today? We're gunna print tmmrw my guy 📈
yeah... the order flow near the eod was fucky as hell
Can’t tell if sarcasm or not lol
How much is cheap ? 230's??
Wait, what? Palantir has only ever had huge losses, why would anyone have projected a profit this quarter?
CSCO should crash because they beat ER with massive layoffs and early retirements. In addition they are offshoring their IT department! Sounds familiar? IBM?
This could all be worth $0 tomorrow with a nice little 15% down day.
Those who played PLTR earnings and expected moon mission, you now know what peter thiel can do to your precious butthole and pp.  he is the master 🌈🐻
Jesus U really fucked meby donating 750k shares to a charity... wtf
Chucked $400 at some 11/20 FTCH calls before close, that was a good decision, just wish I bet more.
and its gone
Pics with your username on a cellphone nearby or youre a lying hater.
hasn’t started yet
Their market cap is around 2? Calls are 1/21 and saying its not a short term hold?  What the fuck are you talking about?
🤝
I thought CSCO was a safe play but wanted to risk it like a dumbass on PLTR 🤦🏻‍♂️
Wait does that mean they missed estimates by 4800% lol what the hell my puts may print??
[deleted]
PLTR ded 

Oh well back to turning tricks
Oh wow PLTR
"An aerospace customer..." LOL BOEING prob 🤡🤡🤡
Yoloed 5k on american airline calls..watch me make tendies tomorrow.
Unity wtfffffff
[deleted]
My prediction is spy opens green tomorrow, spikes down a dollar or two at open then slowly rises into weekend. Market has not forgotten about moderna vaccine news coming next week
Just got home from DIS today. I can tell you the parks are making money hand over fist. It’s as if COVID never existed there
That makes my brain hurt
Lol yesterday I asked if PLTR puts would be a bad idea and you all said yes. Look what happened
[deleted]
What’s the point of hedging if it never goes down
Dude this shit always gaps up AH. QQQ basically flat for the day.
[removed]
Raised guidance too. feel good about PLTR. this is a great chance to load up.
Oh shit time to sell and bail ??
[deleted]
Next meme stock for sure. Just ride the inevitable wave.
All I do is lose lose lose no matter what
[deleted]
That gigantic green dildo from the mouse tho 🤪
Pelosi
DOWN TO $7/SHARE CMON 🌈 🐻
bro just sell lel
Means it will dump.
https://s26.q4cdn.com/381064750/files/doc_financials/2020/q3/Palantir-Q3-2020-Earnings-Presentation.pdf
PLTR fucked my account today
still banking on a short squeeze? what if it happens after those calls expire?
Agreed
I don't know, suddenly up half a percent.
I tried to warn all you retards not to buy puts on the mouse “but it’s free money!!”
It’ll soar tmrw dont worry
[deleted]
Option holder == lube-up; you just lost all your IV
Don’t fuck with the Mouse 🐭
[deleted]
DIS 🤤
Fuck you OP, no congratulations for being a bitch and telling us now.
buying VIX index options, if you're on RH you only get VXX
Gee, thanks $PLTR, now I have to ask Jody (my wife's boyfriend) every time I want to buy options.
Ratatouille stirring up some ish today boi. Don't ever count out the mouse
So true and I held my puts knowing this. I’m fuk
Ready to get blown the fuck up tomorrow
Not exactly but as expected. Don’t mix revenue/earnings “growth” with actual earnings.
This guy is. still. in
EPS $0.94
NIO
How is spy going up
Who’s hotter AOC, ACB, Hilary, Pelosi, Ivanka?
Congrats mouse call holders
Took a good ratfucking or two before I learned my lesson
[removed]
How bad were PLTR earnings lmao
The semen adds to the resale value.
Bought calls of blnk, hoping for good q3 numbers. They expend their territory to europe (greece) and also to israel.
Riding with my NIO 11/20 $40p
Fuck your mom blink I hate you
Tbh it hurts that I sold csco but then again the company is a piece of shit so I don't feel that bad
They’re not bleeding that much according to their earnings. A bit yea but it looks like they can just brace this pandemic out running at cost and meanwhile they’re streaming is growing huge.
CHWY just got a good key bump AH.
Pltr was a pump and dump. 

I'm shocked-- says no one
Low expectations. They had massive layoffs and early retirements to save money.
yeah... fuck I wish I went tits to the wall on them... up 3x rofl.. on 40C dated to dec
Story of my life😂
I will be messaging you in 18 hours on [**2020-11-13 15:12:37 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-13%2015:12:37%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt38hy/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020/gc356nu/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt38hy%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_13_2020%2Fgc356nu%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-13%2015%3A12%3A37%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt38hy)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Sound off. Shit music ruined it.
Palantir failed earnings
Oh my God mouse
Congrats PLTR puts holders
[removed]
Pltr =same hype as rockets first earnings, when 10 million ppl say it’s gonna moon, that’s ur signal. Better luck next time
Spy still runnin AH jesus, big green day tomorrow
Fucking hilarious 🤣

> Palantir Technologies (NYSE:PLTR) reported quarterly losses of $(0.94) per share which missed the analyst consensus estimate of $0.02 by 4800 percent. The company reported quarterly sales of $289.40 million which beat the analyst consensus estimate of $279.36 million by 3.59 percent.
Thats my boy Chewy, I always believed in you
welp that was a bit of a disappointment
I think so, company looks solid, and what happened after NIO and Tesla.. I bet it will be a multi week runner
[deleted]
My puts on pltr are printing?
Earning are out, failed
It’s ok just keep yoloing til it hits
MSFT low key mooning?
Yikes
So why is it tanking ah
 

bahaha yall got played again by PLTR shills. My only regret is I sold my puts too early
Yup. 2018 and snap was $5 a share. What a time to be alive
# UVXY 👀👀👀
Could PLTR turn around my morning or should I lube up?
flair checks out


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc2p048/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
pltr can't pick a direction and is potentially bleeding

cisco is mirroring disney as of right now but might change later (earnings in half an hour)
Who would’ve thought the mouse would beat Palantir
Ummmm
Holy shit I have DIS calls and PLTR puts and a DKNG nearer term put and longer term call

Don’t want to jump the gun but looking like 2/3 so far

Hopefully this makes up for my dumbass chasing ZM after telling myself not to lol
How
Hmm guess I might be buying 100 shares of PLTR at 13.50 tom at close 🤔 could be good!
What the fuck. I sold 500 shares of Etsy at a 1k loss and it’d be a 3k gain rn AH. God damnit
Mackey just snatched some souls
Shorted mesz20
Can't kill the mouse
I personally have it all in NIO but I’m playing long term. If you’re looking short term, I think Li may be a safer bet than XPENG. Overall, NIO is such an absolute premium brand in the Chinese EV markets, plus their battery patent is going to be a staple in China. They have invested so much in their lifestyle brand too.
[see yall at the junkyard 😤😢](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc2z500/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
It looks like triple top is now on its way down. Bet my entire portfolio on it. Too bad my expiration is tomorrow
$SPY puts, went from up $575 to $-1200 within 3 min at close....
relentless selling all day on spy and then this? f me.
NVDA and BA puts, ZM call at the bell all 1DTE 😔😔😔
[deleted]
Biggest laugh of the day for me, thank you !🙏
Yeah almost where it was 2 days ago
Don't want to jinx things.
At least it beat it
How? 💀💀💀
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Jared2338 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
so bad...
I heard sometimes they lift the restriction if you call and ask. Just switch to a cash account
[deleted]
Hey,  some of us have been bagging csco for the past 8 months. We need a break too
Calls, they're looking good now though lol
You don’t fuck with the mouse 🐭
CHWY just popped a lil after hours boner
:( PLTR whyyyyy
PLTR has been banished to the shadow realm
Disney owns multiple things. Disney plus isn’t shit lol. That’s your problem. You don’t see it.
RemindMe! 18 hours "is SPY below 350?"
i hope you listened to me about GRWG
fool PLTR dont stay down
lmao can't believe people believe a coup is gonna happen...
MSFT low key mooning?
What are your plays?
Disney pumping the shit outta spy
Reaper knocking on doors, next it's NIO.
Disney put holders rn

https://media3.giphy.com/media/3o7TKDhKDvyTMIimnC/source.gif
Where tf agent Smith i need nio taken down
i hope so
I mean IDK op def knows more about stonks than i do but the fact that they didnt mention Rev having a 100% day 2 FUCKING DAYS AGO is highly FUCKING SUSPICIOUS when thesis is short swueeze
My CSCO bags got lighter
EXODIA OBLITERATE PLTR CALL HOLDERS
[deleted]
by open tomorrow it will probably be back up above 354.5
This man....... JUST EARNED HIMSELF A PARDON
And it’s dead
AND CASH FLOW POSITIVE LETS GOOOO
Damn even my covered calls aren't going to pay for the PLTR I'm holding
NEW THREAD
And you’re now 23
I kept on getting notifications on how the stock market is in free fall due to covid concerns, then I check my robinhood account up 100% and realize only boomer invest in shit like ford.
Hey I'm a newb who only put 100 on NIO. Can you explain why I'm a dickhead?
That was some crazy low volume bleed on ATVI today. Not sure how i feel but holding through.
today was a weird day. if everyone loses, then where does the money go? bonds?

[https://finviz.com/map.ashx?t=sec\_all](https://finviz.com/map.ashx?t=sec_all)
Ugh I missed completely. Real job interfered didn’t sell. Dropped a couple hundred bucks by close fml
Thanks!! I'll do my research.
[deleted]
tomorrow lol
$60+ after earnings
bahaha yall got played again by PLTR shills. My only regret is I sold my puts too early
Haha. It worked!
And the Mouse Fucks again. My guy!
Raise your hand if you’re 💎👋🏻 NIO calls rn, hoping LI doesn’t wreck you
Let's goo Cisco!! C'mon please dont fade tomorrow I've been watching you drop since last month waiting for this moment
Imagine is they renamed themselves cisgsystems.
Glad I only have pltr shares, would buy more if it drops to 12
Same I’m confident for tmrw tho
I didnt 🤡
If li kills earning is it gonna do what all the other EVs have done
[deleted]
Rip my Disney puts
PLTR to $4 EOD
Spent 10k on the 3505 puts this morning. SPX went bigly down. Around 3pm instead of taking roughly 20k profit, I sold the 3465 puts to recoup my initial 10k, plus a little. Now, God willing, SPX will close below 3465 tomorrow and I'll make 80k. If not, I'm where I started this morning.
"we expected better" already priced in
I hope we gap down tomorrow. A nice 2% drop and I might actually break even all time
Yeah it was around $18 or so when I bought these
Dear Jesus, why did you make me lose all my money today? Pls respond
Ouch.. glad I sold at open....fuck me
Mouse looks good and they were amongst the hardest hit by Covid SL it represents recovery
[deleted]
How the fuck do you know he bought more. He hasn’t posted or commented in 3 days. OP is probably working overtime at Wendy’s trying to cover his losses
That's pretty much a win lol
lol posts when market is closed
I’m gonna get disemboweled tomorrow I can feel it
Barely beat expectations.
[deleted]
Still after its run of today?
Calls, because the mouse is gonna jerk off to your puts
😮
Don't fuck with THE MOUSE
I can’t wait for roblox to ipo. Gonna be ez money
$0.02 expected, so if it's less than $0.40 this thing is tanking hard
Alright guys I’m balls deep in DKNG calls. Peace
[deleted]
bet against the mouse off a call credit spread expiring tomorrow... will it end up expiring worthless? or will I get assigned? who knows...just don't bet against the mouse
I lost 6k today. 🤡
CSCO DIS AH PUMP 💪
I’m long UPWK because zoomers have no future
RIP PLTR
Yo DIS!
So PCG going to $15 next week right
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/DeepFuckingValue the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Thanks for the PS5 you rat fuck
YES.
I knew I should’ve bought calls on csco fuck
[deleted]
Nah I actually didn’t touch it, was thinking about buying calls but didn’t wanna get IV crushed. Just surprised watching this fucking company always do well.. smh
Ahhh you’ll be fine..... 

I think.
next stop 69. after that, 420. after that, 2100 with an announcement to split... and then battery day to mark the death of a company that will create generational bagholders.
dIsNeY pUtS aRe FrEe MoNeY LMFAOO
literally almost all of tech is full of bull flags and ascending triangles right now

QQQ already broke out of it's bull flag AH 

tomorrow is 292-294 territory on QQQ
I thought I bought the dip. Down 1k on weekly for tomorrow. Praying for us brotha!!!
It's not as though ESPN, ABC, or Marvel have been doing much as of late.
Never fuck with the mouse
Tesla you dirty dog 😍
tomorrow it will moon
Pltr dying
🌈🐻 even getting raped by 🐁 these days.
PLTR gonna wipe out some people today lmaooooo
300 IV
Lol. Wtf.
Cognac, cocaine, and concubines, in that order
Lol thank god I didn’t spite buy into PLTR
[deleted]
Around noon today I put my portfolio into SPY 11/13 350p. Was up a shit load until after 3 and of course the last 5 minutes fucked me. Gotta love PDT rules
YESSSSS ITS OVER PLTR CALL HOLDERS, EXODIA, DO IT TO EM
Don't worry about it
I’m holding weeklies but .20%...not exactly rocketing
I don't see how Disney is making money.  Disney+ is shit and parks operating at minimum.  This bubble is shit
Is okay bb you’ll make it back
Anyone buying Nov 20 calls for DKNG?
tldr? did it do well?
[deleted]
The mouse will buy you a house, or in my case, a second Big Mac
Thank fuck I didn’t listen and buy Disney puts
To be honest, I forgot Cisco existed.
$289.4 million in revenue in the third quarter, up 52% year-over-year




Full-year 2020 revenue guidance raised to a range of $1.070 billion to $1.072 billion, up 44% year-over-year




New contracts in third quarter include U.S. Army ($91 million), National Institutes of Health ($36 million), and $300 million renewal with aerospace customer
question, do we sell our calls I got at 3:55, AH is dumb lol up almost 2 pts on spy
Need spy to keep traveling downhill till monday
Bought 120 shares in my IRA. Held my 25c1/22s. Bought 16p11/13 this morning and it's sitting 100% up and my leaps about broke even from yesterday. 


Long PLTR gang checking in!
AHHHHH FK U PLTR U FKN PLANTARS WART
Never bet against the mouse lmao
Never fuck with the mouse 🐁
The only bull case for EOY 2020 is the shitty statement that:

"the stock market is not rational, is not rooted in economic outcomes, is not reality"

___

Rationally there is no bull case for EOY 2020, but the market isn't rational.
[deleted]
Subscriber numbers up big
PLTR selling off. but my puts will get fucked since the IV so high
What app are you using ?
Do not believe him you were right in the first place.
I gotta stop buying spy puts. These clowns pump it up $3 every night just for it to fall back to 352 the next day.
Lmao at all the people who tried to fuck with the mouse
And mine all day
My EV port booted out TSLA because it can’t realistically 10x anymore. NIO can stay, I suppose. For now.

SOLO is slept on (baller earnings Tuesday) and FSR is about to be recognized. These are both companies with great ideas that will continue benefitting from EV hype for years to come before they even have a chance to ruin themselves with an actual product release.
[deleted]
Wtf is this ah pump?
[deleted]
wait people f-ed with the mouse, when will they learn...
Ditch the wife and buy another Porsche with the money you just saved
Rip pltr
Lmao. I’m
Working now. Actually a lot more than before covid because I’m not losing three hours commuting.  In fact my revenue is so good for the last 3 quarters, I’ve saved a few people from losing their job.
You pinky promise ?
China bubble will pop. Us Govt doesn't want wagecucks getting rich, much less off of big bad Gyna
I would hold the baba calls at least, i think this regulation talk will fall apart soon
Don't give me hope BLNK
Sorry I edited it, thank you, 150c
Least you didn’t buy puts like me
It’s 11/20 I bet it will drop again monday
Thanks for playing. Come back next quarter
[deleted]
I hope you’re not calling us investors
Say it with me, Don't Fuck with the Mouse
I'm down 37% this week
The wife's boyfriend is going to kill me

Nice knowing you all
Makes sense
So uh we PLTR gang gucci?
I lost 6k today. 🤡
80/20% straddle on CSCO calls/puts need at least a 5% move to profit, if this holds then it'll be a small profit. 10% open tomorrow would be ideal.

sold my DIS calls monday already so w/e
mouse just gaped the bears assholes 😂
[removed]
Lmao wtf  dis
Yeah seems like theta gang claimed PLTR.
Dick is wet
Up
Join the club
take me to tenders town mister planters
[deleted]
You don't fuck with The Mouse
Just bought some calls!
pltr has to go up right ?? 🥺🥺
the mouse just kicked my puts in the nuts. how is this shit skyrocketing when their company is bleeding like a stuck pig
Got fucked all day
[deleted]
Pltr
god damn that mouse....
One shot one kill. Make your long term investments count . If diversification was that easy, everyone would've been a millionaire by now.
[deleted]
Thx 👍🏽
F unity
Lol SNE with that after hours bump. Well better late than never. SNE 88c 11/27
 UAL is going to 35. Buy LEAPS or don't buy at all.
Me waiting to buy DIS after the ER after sell off: 🤡🤡🤡
Do we know the EPS?
[deleted]
$1K in put debit spreads, will roll them out and see what happens...
Who
Yep same boat with UVXY fuck these dumb pumps
Bought the dip super hard today for tomorrow expiration. Hope I get blessed by ZM lords
lol of course dis moons, lockdown duurr
Please Disney keep mooning to 160! My leaps will be happy in the morning. Told y’all. Don’t bet against Disney.
Thanks for your insight.
  
I might sell most to secure profit and just keep a few past earnings. My plan was to sell right before earnings but I'd rather not gamble on it.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/joshroflee don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
pltr ur so gei
350 will never be broken
Blowing my load immediately, but witj feb and may calls
damn impressive
You have found your home.
Shame. Shame. Shame.
DIS goin space shuttle status
Fuck, I'm glad I looked at the month, year chart before hitting buy.  Shit was at $5 for the last three months and now $12+.  You're right I think we are late
Disney the next Nio?
Disney 4% up really a joke even though it was just on streaming service  then fb last week  should have shooted up
This EOD pump erased half of the red of today...

Is this a bull trap or confirmation of 352 being strong support ?
If it goes to 1million per share OP will make 7.8x 10^10 pure profit.
NEVER FUCK WITH THE MOUSE
[deleted]
I don't understand investors
WSB always ruins stocks, when the community is this bullish on something you know what that means 90% of the time.

Hope we do alright tomorrow.
NIO with the bbc energy
yeah i had to sell a little less than it was worth for it to go through
He hates begging
[deleted]
Mouse Power!!!  Damn!
They are not
I wish I could’ve sold my Cisco puts that were up 150%. 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
tomorrow morning i think, before open
Fuck off commie
Lol deleted
Im going to be very weary of buying more puts until moderna releases their vaccine results
Nothing like the ole 2 dollar spy pump last 5 minutes to bring me some anxiety for the night
Disney beat top and bottom line expectations
Bezos is actually Chinese
Eh
Never bet against the Mouse.
[deleted]
[removed]
#FUCK U BEARS
[deleted]
I didn't know Disney bought the right to Old Yeller, cause the Mouse just shot DIS bears out back
disney is such a trash company, but it's dangerous to play against it. glad I learned my lesson and avoided.
I'm not sure people fully understand what you did there. You have 0% chance of losing, only winning! Good job on your research of the option prices, I'm impressed.
Dare you
$XPEV
Which direction did you choose?
my 0dte 140 DIS calls finna print
Spy REALLY doesn't want to go above that early Sept high.
Fuckers had 847.8 mil loss with 847 coming from stock based compensation. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK!!!
by what %?
Told ya. Tomorrow it'll hit 150+
Should have sold calls
[deleted]
Drafting earnings tomorrow. Feeling bullish.
Unusual options volumes fucked me
Thats likely due to IV. The value of options changes based on volatility. AMC options almost certainly have high IV due to the recent massive price movements. If amc doesn't make large moves in the direction you want you can lose value simply due to iv dropping.
Nio the next meme stock like zoom, didn't make shit holding rkt, let's see how much retard strength nio has
To the homie in the Daily that cut through all the NIO/PLTR bullshit and called out the BUD and TAP puts, you are my hero.
good lookin out bro
never fuck with the mouse
[deleted]
Starts at 5pm est
Most of us are retards thought.
damn MM fucking trixy sobs... that EOD touch of 351.3.. fuck cost me to stop out of 353C.. would be up 100% lol instead lost 10% lol
25-40 between 5 accounts
“Oh shit! .............shoot em!” Hahaha love that movie
loser
Bruh it’s out already
We are literally children bahaha
I broke my hand punching bricks
Single digit loss on 6 figure account 😎
How much did you just get burned on?
Ban
**PLTR going to $10**
Oh yea baby,now show me the call with the bankruptcy lawyer
Well, let it roll. Hopefully we all make money
If you bought NIO recently and you’re still holding, you got balls as big as church bells
You might actually want to go see a qualified doctor to see if you really are autistic.
dont look
I kept a lil piece to lotto it up today
[deleted]
Mouse giving bears a nice fat hard on up the ass
[deleted]
Somebody lost big on Disney lmao
Disney of all companies approaching ATH's is the definition of this market.
Holy fuck Disney
[deleted]
Ok why did DIS just mooooon
Shares? Why are you here?
Pltr weeklies getting shafted in the AM
Maybe DIS guidance will be dogshit snd this piece of shit will crater. Makes no sense how they make any money in a pandemic other than goddamn Disney plus
Hello
PLTR and and ZM calls, let’s see what happens
You fuck with the mouse, the mouse fucks you back. Well.
Holding my MRNA calls over the weekend
Just had to take my losses and move my BABA and NFLX calls out another week. At least my entire portfolio won’t expire worthless tomorrow.
Is every company beating earnings during Covid Q3??? Damn.
SPY calls and NIO puts, might actually get to eat this weekend
Gator had one too many donuts last week
PLTR 

* $289.4 million in revenue in the third quarter, up 52% year-over-year
* Full-year 2020 revenue guidance raised to a range of $1.070 billion to $1.072 billion, up 44% year-over-year
* New contracts in third quarter include U.S. Army ($91 million), National Institutes of Health ($36 million), and $300 million renewal with aerospace customer
Enjoy that IV crush
Haw haw who had puts on the mouse?
*Zooms out to 100-year SPY chart and sees that i bought at the very top, up nearly 100,000%* oh shit
Actual retard
Welcome to the "get fucked by good earnings" gang PLTR.
Lol rip DIS
Holy fuck disney
LOL Dealers buying now to cover for all you that bought puts. You may have trading hours, but they got the fed and overnight to pump this to 358 open.
Overall shit day
Don’t F with the mouse
Hahaha everything said unusual activity on disney puts look at that thing go
DONT bet against the mouse dummy
Awesome congrats.
[deleted]
10c ??
Imagine thinking Bezos doesn't drop a few hundred grand on some good old fashioned GFE **™**  every week
Currently getting anally wrecked by $PLTR.
The mouse aka disney aka pedophile stock is the most manipulated security in the market. The dow could tank 1000 points but Disney would stay positive. It’s mainly owned by institutions and elitist, fuck this sick company
Fucking cisco I'm about to throw up.  Knew I should have bought calls but it fucked me last earnings. God fucking damnit
FARFETCH 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Cisco keep doing your thing
Should define mooning because this ain't it.
Cmon that’s worthy of mooning
Yeah, people say the craaaaziest shit.
Gotta watch the whole vid for the goods
DISNEYYYYYY
So i put half
Of my portfolio in spy calls exp
Tomorrow and other half spy puts exp monday. Im either a genius or a retard. Im just hoping for a violent swing either direction tomorrow. Best case scenario we get a good pump
Tomorrow morning and then i sell my calls, then it dumps by eod so i can get out of my puts
I mean. I appreciate the enthusiasm.
Smart gambler. Good luck
Someone confirm for me that ZM and Discord are both down right now?
Whole fucking Chinese EV market riding on LI ER. This is electric. Shout to anyone with lotto tickets
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TrueCryptoFan don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Prayer Circle for LI call holders for earnings pre-market tomorrow. Hoping to get out at open if RH doesn't crash on me as in tradition
When do they expire?
Another victim of the rat. Been there. I feel your pain brother
I got 70c right towards the end really hoping they pay off
VIX has to spike to 40 next week
Biggest profits are highest risk. I almost got wiped out by BABA this week, only to make a comeback with HD calls and SPY 1DTE puts
wow, TSLA fell from grace.
Anyone listenin to pltr earnings?
i’m gay 🌈🐻📉👅💦🍆
iipr or bust
The mouse is back
Holy shit I am watching PLTR but DIS is just the biggest hulk dick I have ever seen.
[https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/EventLobbyServlet?target=reg20.jsp&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Finvestors.palantir.com%2F&eventid=2807592&sessionid=1&key=C75D1314E9AB57402C2D1DB77536ECE5&regTag=&sourcepage=register](https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/EventLobbyServlet?target=reg20.jsp&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Finvestors.palantir.com%2F&eventid=2807592&sessionid=1&key=C75D1314E9AB57402C2D1DB77536ECE5&regTag=&sourcepage=register)
I bought a Cisco put and PLTR call at close, how fooked am I?
Explain like I 5 please
What’s the difference between a brick and a girlfriend?
Hope LI smashes earnings tomorrow so I can get tf out of my XPEV calls that are up 500%. Will day trade LI if they do a solid earning
More like Disney owns everything... But yes rigged and manipulated
Don't worry i bought your stuff exactly 2 days ago ;)
What about the one I caught on a glue traps last week?
Nov 20 C's?
Fuck DIS! FML
I laughed way too hard at this
Earnings
DIS holy shit look at the size of that dildo
Airlines took away all my gains from the past... Long time
Sold all my PLTR yesterday. Goodluck!
Lmao pltr spazzing tf out
MODS ARE GAYYY
[deleted]
u/hyperinsane  Looks like I fucked around and found out.
Earnings not for an hour
Bears just got fucked. Certified legit company boys. Start up the fucking printers.
In the past - people traded on the 1 month chart. Today, people trade on the 1 minute chart. 

The laws of supply and demand haven’t changed.  You have to use charts from the past because charts from the future don’t exist yet.

Let me find something I think we can agree on...

Candlestick pattern trading seemed to be very reliable for charts from 40+ years ago.  Today, there’s just too much noise for these patterns to be interpreted reliably. In that sense, it would be foolish to use an old chart to explain a trading technique in today’s market. 

It would be appropriate to use a chart from 9/11 to explain how the market crashed - and suggest that the COVID recovery could look like it on the macro level. Same from Great Depression era. 

Do you agree?
Poor guy. Still havent learned? Don't fight the mouse.
FARFETCH HOLY DICK IM ONLY HOLDING ONE CALL WHYYYY
haha Die XPEV
[deleted]
yup
BULLISH
Oh we did
Let’s summon EXODIA on these PLTR Call holders, thetagang, ASSEMBLE!!
Fucking brutal holding VXX calls when SPY does this type of shit EoD.

PPT can suck my dick n balls
Imagine if you put more than $1.44 in.
I know bears have been getting fucked by NIO... but it’s so ridiculously overbought and pumped up by autistic FOMO at this level, I had to short that shit.
Disney what in the actual fuck
Grats CSCO and DIS holders, shit just couldn't moon while I was holding huh
Damn I was really tempted to inverse WSB on DIS, seemed like everyone here was bearish. Let's see if AH holds though
Present 🌈🐻
Tell this guy to shut the fuck up so you can talk DIS ER
twas a bear trap, SPY AH is rocketing right back up
[deleted]
Bag holding Disney what?
SHOP?
I love watching tickers all day and watching my account go way up and way down to end the day with a change of 0.2%
NEVER BET AGAINST THE MOUSE
Fuck dis man
RKT, why can’t I quit you
PLTR PDF

https://s26.q4cdn.com/381064750/files/doc_financials/2020/q3/Palantir-Q3-2020-Earnings-Presentation.pdf
I put puts on csco
Me today loses 3k on SPY 11/13 calls
Well my puts are toast on Disney lol how gay
Want mine? You can have it
Gay are mods
Nearly every single ticker on the market has done this at one time or another, wtf are you even asking?

Go look at 1995-2001 for a fun ride.
___
What about Overstock .com just this year? It went from a March 2020 low of ~$2.65 to an August 2020 high of $122. That's over 45x.
That was a good Call
Dkng beats expected eps easily, football
Everyone always talks about inversing wsb, think I’m gonna try that with some NIO puts tomorrow.
Some motherfucker just bought my dead HAL call for 3 bucks
I got 16x $17c 11/20/2020. WE BOUTTA BE PRINTING BOISSSS 🚀 🌙
Why is Disney mooning AH
This is it 🌈 bois! If ES gaps down and breaks below today's low, it's finally open season on 0dte spy puts!
Damnnnnn the Mouse is erect!
This
DIS: -$0.2 v -$0.73 (estimate)
I thought the call was very bullish, partnership with google in their AI, machine learning. Will be recognized as a fin tech I think, sooner or later, which will accelerate its stock growth.
No fear the PLTR
Should have sold my DIS 140P at 100% profit today lol. Oh well, I have until 12/4. It will melt down again.

Just wish I sold today to rebuy those puts tomorrow
50 eod
Opening day tomorrow:
https://imgur.com/a/yar6Dd7
VOO
Never short the mouse
I am severely unstable
🤡
Disney murdered earnings lmao
@ Me
no u
😂😂😂
Guys any opinion on JMIA?! Is that shiet gonna be baba of Africa of another NIKOLA of Black Trevor Milton?!
Hoping for a CHWY rip tomorrow.
Baby please moon
We'll see what tomorrow brings, I sold before close, i was happy with an easy $400 today
This is nice
When did you buy these 162 contracts? Technically, I still think there's room for this to grow. Nio's and the other china evs are  completely unaffected by American bs news.
Bro I have been burned too many times playing the logical play. Plus you know futures pump every night
I like dat pretty good
PLTR not sure if it wants to fuck or get fucked
RIP PLTR gang. Bulls dead, bears dead. Thetagang wins
nio gang we ride at dawn
WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME ABOUT CSCO ER ITS ALL NIO NIO NIO
i sold about half of mine when SPY hit 351.30, i think we are both in good shape
Tell me about it. Yesterday I had a 41c on NIO. Hit my 25% stop loss at $2. I think the lowest it hit that day was $1.98.

Was trading today at like $8.60
Wtf is going on wtf pltr
How long would you wait after ER to reload? I sold my calls yesterday but want to get back in once the dust settles. I’m very bullish long term.
[removed]
Don’t fuck with the mouse!
#DIS>PALANTIR
[deleted]
Still long 60
Lmao
...not anymore...
Tech is already up 0.30% AH did I really pussy out of that dip 🤡
Yeah, my current 66 shares were bought at $38, so already kind of steep though.
Lmao fuck DIS
Do you know where to listen, I can't find a link
When is Li Earnings?
Simply amazing. Looks like you bought at the high every time. Please share your secrets
Pltr priced in
5$ Venmo
The mouse aka disney aka pedophile stock is the most manipulated security in the market. The dow could tank 1000 points but Disney would stay positive. It’s mainly owned by institutions and elitist, fuck this sick company
The rat fucked me hard. Loss porn incoming :( DONT FUCK WITH THE RAT!
The Mouse Cleaning House. Cya fgtbears
Bear Gang
Ready to get hurt by pltr
8th
That's correct. Meesa wrong.
Penis
I did take half
This is the most fake and gay dip I've every seen. BUY THAT SHIT
[deleted]
Nice
Hahah DIS calls were the move this time
Why bother with day trading if most gainz r made overnight
glutes finna be ripped from all this ass clenching thats goin on pltr
Dis to Pluto
When wsb picks are the safe haven im so confused
IV is pretty low, I’m jumping in
Flair me
[deleted]
gme
Mods do be gay though
F
its been a crazy day bois, go fap one out you deserve it
Damn DIS, I got 10 DIS 150c 11/13 @ .19 fingers crossed at the last second
Pltr beats earnings. Needs to moon
Mickey Mouse fucks
No but I plan on asking your sister tonight
The mouse is alive and well
##Top trending tickers, sentiments, and options on /r/wallstreetbets for the day of November 12, 2020.

────────────────

###Trending Tickers:

**Ticker**|**Company**|**Mentions**|**Bulls / Bears**|**Price**|**Change**|**P/E**
:-:|:--|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
NIO|NIO Limited|1689|70.20% / 29.80%|$48.04|11.52%|-
PLTR|Palantir Technologies|433|75.51% / 24.49%|$14.90|-6.64%|-
XPEV|XPeng Inc.|303|68.42% / 31.58%|$45.48|35.65%|-
SPY|Exchange Traded Fund|231|47.06% / 52.94%|$352.10|-1.28%|-
BABA|Alibaba Group Holding|157|84.78% / 15.22%|$263.70|-0.73%|26.74
RKT|Rocket Companies, Inc.|105|94.87% / 5.13%|$21.74|3.23%|8.70
LI|Li Auto Inc.|104|85.71% / 14.29%|$31.18|24.87%|-
ZM|Zoom Video Communicat|97|86.67% / 13.33%|$430.90|4.25%|527.89
TSLA|Tesla, Inc.|82|86.21% / 13.79%|$411.61|-1.32%|826.00
AMZN|Amazon.com, Inc.|60|50.00% / 50.00%|$3107.98|-0.94%|91.88


────────────────

###Trending Options:

**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Expiration**
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
NIO|$50|Call|11/13
NIO|$45|Call|11/20
PLTR|$20|Call|11/13
SPCE|$30|Call|11/27
RKT|$5|Put|11/13
N|$48|Call|11/13
BABA|$290|Call|12/18
ZM|$500|Call|11/27
TGT|$170|Call|11/27
NVDA|$550|Call|11/27
PLTR|$15|Call|11/13
XPEV|$45|Call|11/20
SPY|$353|Put|11/13
SPY|$330|Put|12/18
XPEV|$35|Call|12/18


────────────────

###Trending Sentiment:

**Sentiment**|**Comments**|**%**
:--|:--|:--
Bullish|676|60.20%
Neutral|8664|-
Bearish|447|39.80%


────────────────

###Other Data:

**Overall Market Sentiment:** Bullish

**Comments Searched:** 9787

**Newly Trending Tickers:** XPEV, LI, AMZN

────────────────

You can view all top trending tickers on /r/RedditTickers.

Notice an error or have questions? Reply to this post or message /u/smallstreetgains.

Financial data provided by [finviz](https://finviz.com/).
I’m confused at PLTR rn
Looks like we all are retarded. Don’t know why I always want to go against the grain but on the chance everyone’s not happy with stupid Li Auto and after today, that shit will fucking dump
Luckin Coffee went from $50 to $2, so it’s not too uncommon
Everyone talking about PLTR while DIS is tearing it up.
Baba.. you’re oversold
the mouse wondering why you were all looking at pltr
Please Disney pump to 160!
[deleted]
Bro I fucked up lol. I thought I was buying puts for next week. I messed around and went deep into $39p 1DTE
I agree
Mouse gang make some noise
Mods gey
PLTR tanking now 🥺🥺
Just ride all the EV stocks until they go red.

It'll happen at some point. Maybe.
True, and all the fuckin politics
PLTR pick a direction!!
DIS YOOOOOO DONT FUK THE MOUSE
Today reminds me of the Friday before election
Click "join live earnings call now" toward the bottom of the PLTR page on Robinhood. Call starts at 5pm est
Who got a link to PLTR earnings call?
But the people people you love and support want more money, so you have to chase the dragon.
Well yeah after that nice dip
This is delicious pasta. This guy's history is golden. What a waste of writing talent spent on reddit.
[deleted]
People are just scared of success that’s all.
Mouse fuckin
 

 Palantir Technologies Inc. (NYSE: PLTR) reported its financial        results today for the third quarter of 2020.     

**Summary** 

* $289.4 million in revenue in the third quarter, up 52%          year-over-year       
* Full-year 2020 revenue guidance raised to a range of $1.070          billion to $1.072 billion, up 44% year-over-year       
* New contracts in third quarter include U.S. Army ($91          million), National          Institutes of Health ($36 million), and $300          million renewal with aerospace customer
Where's the new thread?
that or goes sidways

i made bank last ER betting it would crash and it sure did

but holy fk is it as low as covid crash levels...
350 by open I think
 Walt Disney Q4 Adj. EPS $(0.20) Beats $(0.71) Estimate, 

Sales $14.71B Beat $14.20B Estimate $DIS 

Cisco Systems Q1 Adj. EPS $0.76 Beats $0.70 Estimate,

Sales $11.90B Beat $11.85B Estimate [**$CSCO**](https://twitter.com/search?q=%24CSCO&src=cashtag_click)
Feels like everyone on this sub is looking at a different PLTR
...
I’m holding fucking puts.
OH SHIT now it’s tanking 😢
RIP PLTR gang
[deleted]
1:30 PST
Dominos pre ordered a lot
Any particular site you're getting this info or is it from your broker? But thanks regardless
Palantir Reports Revenue Growth of 52% in the Third Quarter, Raises Full-Year 2020 Guidance

11/12/20, 10:05 PM
New Contracts with U.S. Army and National Institutes of Health;

$300 Million Renewal with Aerospace Customer Announced

DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Palantir Technologies Inc. (NYSE: PLTR) reported its financial results today for the third quarter of 2020.

Summary

$289.4 million in revenue in the third quarter, up 52% year-over-year
Full-year 2020 revenue guidance raised to a range of $1.070 billion to $1.072 billion, up 44% year-over-year
New contracts in third quarter include U.S. Army ($91 million), National Institutes of Health ($36 million), and $300 million renewal with aerospace customer
Ill bet you $10
Well too late now but at least take half off the table if you get over 100%,gamble with house money
I sold intraday and got some gains through Nio call and Spy puts not too bad of a day
Fuck, you got me
[removed]
Thems gonna be some expensive tears and fapping noises you heading towards... brave soul. Godspeed!
I think we laugh at you on this subreddit
Give us the mouse numbers, I wanna know who's getting buried under Space Mountain
That SPY surge at the end was bullshit... fuck that. SPY 345 EOD tomorrow
Puts because I'm bullish and this market makes no sense after ERs
So Buy an Iron Condor
I’m putting nkla. I don’t think nio will slow down but you’d definitely be buying high
\*plowed
[deleted]
NASDAQ today just said to fuck every non 🌈🐻's feels.
55min
Worst thing about Stocktwits is the amount of people jerking themselves off when they're right about something.
he's a dirty chi-comm!
You're really retarded
[removed]
Lmaooooo DIS
Jesus AMAT destroyed by the looks of it, gonna buy more tomorrow I think
Lol insane volatility
You fucks told me to buy calls
F to whoever fucked with the mouse
30+?
Pltr giving me a heart attack
PLTR POP LOCK AND DROP
+4%
It’s at ATH it’s gonna dump tomorrow at least some
Under a Biden presidency, all that’s certain is that EV stocks will moon.
It's all in my IRA ---points my hand to my head.
Mickey Mouse
I hopped in the 40c 11/20 call when it was around 1.29 , worth about 2.26 rn. All good though, still got NIO man to play up til tuesday.
Can confirm. Glad I bought at open!
Non.
 Never know, profits a profit. GL!
>The president declared a national emergency to facilitate the order, saying China’s military “compels the civilian Chinese companies to support its military and intelligence activities” and therefore constitutes “an unusual and extraordinary threat” to domestic national security.

Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-
This week has been tough
I sold one but cisco didn't go through. Sad
Thank you daddy
PLTR moon!
[deleted]
Lol scoped up some puts at close as well.
🚀
How is pltr mooning? It's not even where it was at midday today.
Are you sure? I bought itm calls for jan and far otm for may 2022 let’s make magic happen
appears selling my CSCO put was a good call.. finally learning to take the tendies
When no one mentions your play in the daily thread ☺️
Dat is not de wae
CSCO mooning, anyone got earnings for them???
PLTR GET FUCKED NOOBS
[deleted]
Is that Ally Invest?
But don't tell her you've had one, just pretend you're super rich and she'll get super excited to try and grab those rich spermies.
Feeling a little too gay bear...
[removed]
That didn’t last long lmao
Held my 5-21 calls.
Definitely not fake looked pretty real to me
nongshim is fucking good
PLTR 🚀
#PALANTIR IV CRUSH
What happened? Good news?
Where is the PLTR er??
Haha same
What’s the move tomorrow pussies? I’ve got a couple hundred dollars not tied up right now and I’m thinking about a lil credit spread so what’s going up tomorrow cause it’s not gonna be SPY
The mouse has fucked me yet again
😅
This is an extremely nice due diligence, and I'm personally very bullish on gold and silver. Silver even more so, as the gold-silver price ratio needs a slight correction. Its at all time highs, so it should be reasonable to expect greater growth in silver price in comparison to gold. My price target would be at least $50 for silver, with potential to eventually reach $73.
 Very well thought out, with links and all. Is there any bearish case for this? Seems too good, almost guaranteed wins
It's called 'escorts'. And if the spouse gives you shit, you remind them they're one of the richest people on earth, go buy a island or something, but right now, Angel and Cinnamon are doing things to you that you need to focus on.
Fuck I really wanted csco calls too
I hate sitting and watching options because they can just drop massive amounts in seconds without the stock price even changing
Puts on NIO kappa
I agree, was totally oversold, and people are starting to realize that
[deleted]
spy just going straight up lol
MOUSE
UCT? Wits?
ANYONE playing disney earning?
I know this is wsb but I'm still gonna say it, don't buy short-term calls betting on earnings:  

### Implied Volatility Crush
Futures have been dropping at first right?
After this pump ehhhhhhhhh. I would say yeah but NIO is retard friendly
Going to $20 son
All I need is draft kings to be 45 to break even.... but 54 is cool too
[deleted]
What are the thoughts on NIO tomorrow?
I had to ask someone for the link here to even find out about that info today, Google didn't return anything. More people might hear about it tomorrow and cause a dip or gap down on NIO, XPEV, etc and then hopefully keep rallying
Brave to bet against the mouse
PLTR please keep going you sexy bitch you
Damn that’s even worse than sitting on cash lmao. I hope it bounces back for you
AMAT nice
Pocket change lottos who cares. 38.75 break even, it’ll open below that if they miss bad
Wow, CSCO actually not drilling which is extremely surprising...
J Pow is not this talented
What a shit day, almost got caught bagholding a bunch of DIS, am bagholding a bit of DKNG bc of RH lag 

Edit: maybe bagholding DIS wouldn't have been so bad lol
IM READY PLTR
Absolutely not
Or go up lol
[deleted]
Screenshot or BAN. Those are the rules, you fuck
Violet star
OMG PLTR MOOON MISSION!! 🤡🤡🤡
Got fucked over by GME gang. Put all my trust in PLTR gay boi gang. Can't wait to print hard.
CSCO mooning and staying up after no guidance would be a miracle, it always crashes
PLTR 5%+ AH BIRCHES
Does chinese dick taste like egrolls?
PLTR gang how we looking?
get a job
Good one
End of day pump groundhog day.
Close imbalance of 1.3B to buy-side
Train me Senpai
There was a lot of buying happening the last minute of course after the dump.  I am nervous as hell at least I have some time on my contracts.
Anothee hour is conference call, idk when earnings drop
Was up 24% for my portfolio at 12:30 and closed up 8%, so many lost gains. Would’ve sold when it started tanking but the damn PDT wouldn’t let me
Good luck
first time I inverse myself and it works out 🤡🤳
SPY TAKE ME HOME TO THE PLACE I BELONG
My primary boomer portfolio down .78% Beat Buffet
Every earnings I play. Is always the fucking opposite. Everytime I get calls, shit tanks, everytime I get puts, shit moons.
[deleted]
Pltr is literally about to start the next leg up, NQ 14000 eom
Was considering this same thing. XPEV as well. Never pulled the trigger though.
I sold off about 8% of my spy puts Overall

But we’ll see hopefully tomorrow is red or we move down overnight.

Wbu?
PLTR misses.
Just like every other retard in this sub.
11/27 34p here. Things do change quickly, only 2 days back when it touched 38, these sounded like rather reasonable, 2 days later, not so much. But you never know.
Right? Theta gang is great and all of you want to go to Olive Garden once a month
PLTR RISING
yes
Call me crazy but there has to be a big ass dump coming in Europe tonight 

1) Their lockdowns have been priced in... at all..

2) Their economy is poo pop

3) Everything is down
Walmart probably has some lambos for sale in the toys isle
if pltr isnt up atleast 15% i wouldnt call it moonin lol
[removed]
Good luck
[removed]
seems like we are all gonna lose money lol. PLTR rallying after market
Still could of made money on a 1% dip buying at .50% down
Calls
Got me some VXX calls
No day would be complete without buying FD Disney puts...... god damn it I hope I did not screw myself...
Wish this PLTR movement right now could've happened EOD so I could've gotten out of these FDs :/
I just bought 5 13p’s with the rest of my margin 👁👄👁
I passed on PLTR, that IV, even on a monthly was ridiculous.  Best of luck young autismo😘
call me a retard bought 20c 11/13 with a 400 IV 🤡
CSCO beat?
PUTS for days
Coming up next is PLTR and CSCO ER

is pltr priced in? or will it IV crush them like PRPL?

Will csco actually moon for once after ER or will it crash like last ER?

tune in next time on WSB...
PLTR gang prepare for liftoff
these markets just be fucking with us... dangle that SPY put carrot then BOOM green dildo at the end and pump friday.

then we need a new narrative for next week. We already had election week, vaccine and now we getting regional shelter in place orders so covids back for next week?
False bull flag at the end of the day. SPY is going into the shitter tomorrow
Well I can’t make a fucking list lol, there’s LITERALLY THOUSANDS. The first stock I googled off the top of my head, HD, Home Depot, $0.21 in the ‘80s, $276 now. Or KODK, $2 to $60 in like 1-2 days in July.
[deleted]
i bought puts expiring tomorrow
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don’t trust PLTR yet
Lots of backflips and pistol wielding ballet, looks like
All rise my bullish brethren. With diamond hands we fly. May our nuts forever hang
sticky
I straight up got palanturded and it's my fault.
just sold my call coz its rkt is blah.
The fuck? Hold that shit these cases are only going to rise coming days
Buying 1k more of stocks in the morning regardless
Gtfo coomer
I got 1 slice of Jan/2022 $15 PLTR 😫
This is about to be a very empty thread
Pacific Stantard Time (PST)  stupid
Market cap is ~43b.
I swear to god this fucking mouse 🐭
Might start biting my toes nails soon
[deleted]
?
What a farce! 😂🤣 

Not even a bear trap, but a bull sperm gurglefest. 🙄
Name a better duo than bear and fuk
[deleted]
The bear case is you want to buy puts and youre always wrong. Some people just have 🌈🐻 in their DNA.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Peanut-Extra don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
With all that buy volume EOD, it's gonna make me think tmrw is green. Don't do that, don't give me hope
Bought spy puts RIGHT before the hulk dildo
Today was such a strange day.. every stock in my portfolio was either +4% or down 3% and in total i‘m down 0.03%
Monthly calls and leaps
End of day pump very gay
If you sold me those I profited on them handsomely. I just decided to be retarded and sell lower puts instead of cash out, so instead of roughly 20k, my profit is the outside chance of 80k. I'm doubling down babyyyy
You and me both I wanna go brrrr too
welp i think i blew my shit up riiip
[deleted]
Leaps to the moon!
11/20 puts, 1/15 and 5/21 calls lol
$20 average price shares representin’
Like I'm gambling in a game I don't know the rules.
i always sell spreads. you think im gonna be unhedged in this market?
[deleted]
Every day until 10am
#PALATIR DUMPIN
IDK homie i briefly checked this out tuesday but just off of price action alone im pretty convinced whatever shorts that were at risk of margin call, got margin called. Anyone shorting from here has capital and will not be shaken without a much bigger catalyst than whats alrdy happened. I dont think earnings is it that lawsuit drop was huge
Fav pornstar? Abella Danger for me
Any news? I was waiting for a pull back and fucked this one up😂😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Yup. Did well on calls and shares today. Figured today it had to pop.
I'll never financially recover from this
Don’t worry it’s going back up tomorrow
[https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/EventLobbyServlet?target=reg20.jsp&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Finvestors.palantir.com%2F&eventid=2807592&sessionid=1&key=C75D1314E9AB57402C2D1DB77536ECE5&regTag=&sourcepage=register](https://event.on24.com/eventRegistration/EventLobbyServlet?target=reg20.jsp&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Finvestors.palantir.com%2F&eventid=2807592&sessionid=1&key=C75D1314E9AB57402C2D1DB77536ECE5&regTag=&sourcepage=register)
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** ReSisTancE/SupPorT

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt27gn
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt27gn) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/420blzd, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
GordianGuidance
Bro I got fucking PLTR instead, wrong wrong decision oh well
Well you didn't leave any on the table, it was taken off of the table for you lol
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
what time is $DIS ?
Oh shit pltr
[deleted]
It’s been 3 minutes
PLTR!!!!!!!! HELLLLLFKN YEEEEEH
PLTR MOONING 🔥😫🚀
Welcome to Drill Team 6. We’ll probably get decimated, but if we win, we win big
so we buying ubisoft? got it!
Has anyone here lost money on NIO?
Do I sell my spy puts
theta gang wins again.
Fucking Cisco. My puts are fucked.
Doubled down for an additional $2k at market close just now. 

To. The. Moon.
[deleted]
What? Source?
2050 actually
What does that have to do with my reply and our conversation. You said the electoral college should be replaced with the popular vote because the educated are better leaders. And I said under t electoral college now, all of our leaders are college educated.
Aight, well, best of luck to everyone that was a fucking slobberknocker of a finish. It's gonna be flat as fuck to shit on our heads tomorrow so until then, see ya'll later 👍🏼 much love foos ❤
[deleted]
This market really do be an elevator up and stairs down.
47822 time this past year
My Roth is up 0.0% today, or 24 cents. Where do I get my Lambo?
Same
Oh cool I'm up 30.3% on a crap stock
I’m sitting out PLTR just going to enjoy the show
What an easy fucking day. See y’all tomorrow :)

https://i.imgur.com/vuvVU9F.jpg
The amount of people saying it’s going to drop slightly after earnings is making me think it’s going to moon
And somehow I still lost money
Go down go down
PLTR don’t play w me baby
+10% even after that Muddy Waters report on MPLN fucked me sideways
Just bought more ICLN 4/16 26c and some BABA 12/18 300c am I going to be rich?
I thought it was may of 2022 for their SUV the ocean to launch.
NIO is gonna open at $45 tomorrow
Then to the 1k club
What the fuck are we supposed to do with this bullshit market?  I don't have the capital to join Theta Gang because I need more than $30 a month in profits...
AMD acting fairly bullish to be honest.

I am holding December and January calls, that I bought last Monday at $74

My Dec calls are still around 100% profit (bought at $1, now $1.9). Not selling yet
OH WHAT A DAY.  WHAT A LOVELY LOVELY DAY.
lol delete thread
too stable for this crowd, we only play memes
Tik Tok Shutdown abandoned by US govt. Fastly to moon?
Spy pump is fake and a trap.
Flat or up
5pm eastern time
How we feeling PLTR gang
When pltr report?
Lowest volume on the closing candle on NIO I’ve seen in the past 2 weeks
Good looks. After ER I’m going to try and snag some premium from selling cash secured puts. Fine with it if I get assigned. Looking to build a position, long term bullish as well
Gonna go crank one out. Hopefully NIO up another 2% hours when I get back
Automod finally caught up on the sleeping schedule
[deleted]
Colgate
You guys like the manipulation on spy last minute? Shits gonna die
 I never thought I would say that but “I do respect the ccp”🚀😂
Li, xpev, nio

That's the motto.
[deleted]
Cmon Disney dump it
ikr gotta go chinese now
wow the mods still didnt fix it
How many trades do you manage simultaneously
If rkt declares bankruptcy tomorrow, my $11 put will stop being worthless 😎
Calls
Main greek to look at is Delta. Yours isn't as deep ITM as OPs, so the greeks will be a bit different. You need to read about ITM option strategies.

https://www.investopedia.com/articles/optioninvestor/03/021403.asp

No harm in holding, only missing out on potential better leverage.
Fake. The actual quote is “It’s ok to blow hookers and drink coke because I have $KO calls you cunts.” -The Lunch Buffet
Anything... sometimes I can get em for $5 a pop. Sometimes they’re a couple hundred.

I prefer loading up on cheaper ones for insane leverage.
Lmao bruh
Sold a put
How is PLTR “rock solid”? What do they do and how is differentiated from anyone else in that space? I personally don’t give a fuck if they are American. Chinese EV companies are killing it and will continue to do so. Plenty of American companies have shit the bed .. maybe we should go all in on Enron.
SPy wtf
[deleted]
sleep tight LI gang, may our 3.4k October LI One registrations bring us insane tendies
I did too
Seems like half the people are pro and against PLTR 

Puts or calls people decide. VOTE NOW
billionaire dorks
I need NIO to hit $39 tomorrow. I made a grave clerical error
Any after hours trades? 1k$
Literally hit the button to sell my SPY puts at a 100% profit and then that O R G A N I C pump happened. Made out 50% up, but it still hurts to leave extra on the table within a second
😍😍😍I’m in love with it
5:00 est
Anybody playing PLTR?
What kind of stocks? 3% can usually be chalked up to normal fluctuations. Unless you mean she was already up like 7%, then it went down to only being up 4% of her original position and she wanted to secure the gains
I’m going to get flayed alive by y’all... but...

I bought NIO puts.
Bought more at the $39 dip— up 23% from two days ago on that position. NIO has been retard proof for me.
Lol I saw that comment a lot yesterday at close
One hour
Relevant flair
Thank you!
Lmao get good
This market is so fucking boring
Ohh man going to be a long night
I will never forgive myself for not getting XPEV calls this morning
jesus im nervous
I hope OP wins and you will be a homeless retard by Monday.
Theta is killing me too. Way oversold, need to rally soon ffs
Wow I should have sold my puts. I knew it was too good to be true to make money on those pieces of shit
We're so fucked
I'm in for the ride with Solo. Wouldn't personally drive the 3 wheeler but the applications for business are great. Lots of potential here
yerppp
I’m the guy who sold his spy $353 weeklys and this morning and also couldn’t manage to fill Boeing puts them decided to hold off. Calculated a 2.3k miss today.
Wonder how many 11/13 353p that MM’s had to stamp out
may the 30c i sold to you expire worthless
[deleted]
I fomoed back into my 🐭 puts for more than I sold them for and now down 15%.
THESE EARNINGS BETTER BE SHIT ON YOUR MAMA
Dis and pltr on the SPOTLIGHT
I def regret not playing LI while I was at work lol
Are you me with SNOW or PLTR? Hello fellow retard
Manipulated bullshit.
I lost so much money on this stock in the long run lol.  Look at 5 year chart.  Rip
Theta gang nuts
48.30 looks cheap 

55 tomorrow 

Nio
5pm ET happens when this comment is 58 minutes old.

You can find the live countdown here: https://countle.com/dvnQES6LJ

---

I'm a bot, if you want to send feedback, please comment below or send a PM.
Nuts lmao
Solo is on 🔥
to be fair, the thing routinely moves 10% in a day during normal times, so... 20% is reasonable.
Green futures sorry bears
Not well 🥴
futures don't open until 6 you dongus
Looking at 6 month SPY chart and I’m thinking next week is gonna be bloody :)
Big green tomorrow💥
Bloomsburg tomorrow: "Do retail traders know something we don't, or is it just luck?  Here's 10 analysts down 10% on the year to tell us why it's the latter"
NIO > TESLA
SPY pump at the end was the perfect end to a glorious day.
Buffet’s whack.  My retard robinhood Account is up 40% today.   Still down 75% all time.  But we were only talking about today.
Where the guy that bought $18 puts on Nio after that small dip? 😂 show yourself I know your here lurking.
Mb just short sellers closing out for the day
WTF is this pump
I feel this and I have a successful job with good benefits. It's crazy how f****** difficult those Boomer fuk heads made it for us
True true, but their market cap is almost twice of Ford, so they got that going for them.
I honestly thought there would of been a hell of a lot more panic selling thanks to the whole Chinese fiasco with the mango as the US President. But I guess not, maybe the market can actually be stable for once and not freak the absolute fuck out.
Stock buy back is the only bullish thing I can find. They problem with the mortgage market is that is booming now but it won’t last long and market is forward looking lol
[deleted]
Where's the EOD thread
DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING
[deleted]
TSLA is at like 1700/stock adjusted for split bro. 

Market cap is 390bn
I feel great about my spy calls for tomorrow
Timed the PLTR bottom and top and pulled out like Johnny Sins. Best of luck with earnings retards!
[deleted]
Wtf can nio be stopped
Have more than 1 trading account
Chinese amazon. Literally...
what he do
Turns out when there's competition it's not so hot
[deleted]
It happens all the time, several stocks do it every year
you're saying that like anything fundamentally matters in this casino
Wtf the was that
No, just a dude like you trying to make some $. I just spent a lot of time researching REV the last few days.
5pm et I think
How bro how...
of course my 353 calls got stopped out before we blast up lol :( god damn MM they're good
What time is PLTR earnings?
Single digit loss on 6 figure account 😎
IF PLTR CAN FIND BIN LADEN THEY CAN FIND EARNINGS
You was right, end of year prediction boss?
So vaccine and Biden euphoria is over and we are back with Rona and trump ?
Also LI
i like that one devils lettuce....ok to borrow yes?
btw eating it is always better imo
zm...crushed to end the day
Bought NKLA puts for December going well so far
smh dummies sold of tech stonks thinking companies like AMC would moon this month...
I am now a seasoned retard ah yes
Called it lmao
what shitty fds are you buying for $50
Fuck you baba
They’re called glory holes
Calls on this song
[deleted]
You as well! Get some tendies
Who got a link to the PLTR call in an hour?
TF...that last 10 minutes was stupid.
up 185% Today playing NIO up til midday, then switching over to LI for the remainder. 

&#x200B;

W
Gawd damn what a day
 > veteran investor

That doesn't exist in WSB...veteran in WSB are considered people who started trading in March
Even though it’s a red day, bulls still win. Jesus
BEARS :  

# Mission Failed, We'll Get 'Em Next Time
Id like to thank the eod pump
🤡😂
You’ll be fine
wow. was expecting a sharp rejection at 353. no position.
Lot of people have outperformed WB on short run
retarded pump at the end lmao
went THETA gang for the first time for earnings.. 200% IV
Palantir options at 300% IV u all fuckin retarded chair
Mommy, what happens when WSB plays earnings on a recent IPO's earnings with 287% IV?
<3
Futures green!!!! Woop woop
What 😂, dude don’t tell me you bought calls and puts
Noice
[removed]
Tesla literally can’t go past 412 lmfao what a fucking piece of shit
lol i sold you those. come on now its kang gang time you should of bought calls
I’m sorry what?
u spelt it wong its: berenstain
The spread is just a few cents...
82.5p 11/20 here
A day vs a career
Baba really dumped and stayed flat
Dkng to the moon
Might be going down with the ship these qqq calls
finally closing bell couldn't come fast enough today
How much you got? Love me a good dkng. The more the better 🤤
We did it guys! We saved WSB!

🔥🔥🔥🌈🔥🔥🔥🌈🔥🔥🔥
IN ON PLTR EARNINGS
I don’t know anymore how many times this has to be repeated. We are fighting against a 3 headed hydra, setbacks between slaying parts are expected. The only question is your sword and shield made of paper or diamands. Keep looking at the daily pre and post market volume dumps to understand the slash and pows and when feeling down get to higher ground and overlook the all time chart and feel rejuvenated by the third mountain being build by the ever busy GME dwarves
Nio and li auto up 11-12% 

Tesla down 1.58%

Wtf
PLTR DRUM ROLLLLLLLL
oh sorry, missed that

my LEAPS are up 200%, lol.  It is time they game back some of those gains.  I expect this to get to $100 by Jan 2022 but not by next month.  Will never sell these $12.5s until they are worth $8,750 each, making me close to a millionaire.
Why tf did i have to be under 18 till a month ago 😢
bears are fucked tmrw
353.50 close enough
Just bought 11/13 spy calls, 11/16 spy puts. Im either retarded or it
Will work wonderfully
All meme stocks have been banned by Trump. What do you buy now?
That SPY recovery was the gayest thing I’ve ever seen what bullshit was that
Yep. Decided to hold. I have 14.5p 11/20 as well. Hopefully it bleeds back under $14
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
With LI earnings tomorrow I feel like that’s crazy
what time is pltr er at?
got RCL puts, hoping usual Friday sell off helps make it profitable so I can sell, best of luck man
How the fuck is paying someone to invest my money for me any better than blowing 50-100$ on FDs every week on my own?
Stike and date is all I need, the rest is just gibberish
Lmao very much true. I think it’ll bit 49 and eek out 50. We’ll see
Biden calls on PLTR to man and monitor security drones.

PLTR use drones to take over America.

PLTR takes over the world. New age of security begins.

PLTR 100000c 12/31
Loser boomer
STOP THE COUNT
NIO into valhalla i guess, shiny and chrome into the morning
I can remember, it was something like: "my fat elon titties give milk to all of my cultists"
Invest in SOLO, Canadian tesla
AMD still holding up *exceptionally* well compared to alot of tech. Clinging to green
when does PLTR earnings come out?
Buffets portfolio is down -1.6% for the day, to think that 80% of the autists here outperformed his portfolio is too retarded for me to process
Lol at the fake BABA pump
ZM calls!
[deleted]
Imagine being the retard who saw 0.5% red and bought a shitton of puts. Admit it, some of y'all are clowns. I had puts but bought them 2 days ago and sold today.
PLTR
see you guys tomorrow

I am long PLTR and LI, fingers crossed.
STOP THE COUNT!
Draftkings my friends
[deleted]
Weird, if you’re so smart and know what it’ll do every day why are you not rich off of it?

Gaylord.
[deleted]
reeeeal organic last 10 minutes lmao
Also in most of America the population density is like 5 people per a square mile.
FLGT
Rally time
how is that zm to 500 going?

guh
NIO dumping tomorrow!
Enjoy getting iv crushed
Pics or ban. Everyone hold him to this.
Imagine being a "professional" trader and pretending this market isn't a 🤡 orgy
Lambo order cancelled?
Negative
Retard
most definitely
Literally how. You never made a profitable play 😂
....How do I delete someone else's comment?
Got my 1dt NIO puts in
So now that we saw how the market reacted to vaccine NEWS and following pullback, think what will happen when we actually have one or more available.

BP 20c 4/2021 is $1.09
#NIO 170c 1/15/21
NKLA puts for December and November FSR calls
Good luck PLTR shareholders and call holders.
You should lube up just in case
💯
Your mom is as big as Ford though 😂
Gone all in
I dont even wanna look at my acct when pltr releases earnings right now
holy shit where'd you find these tickers, I've never heard of them!

vote to delete thread
$500 End of Next week easy as lockdowns start to take place again over the weekend
See that bears, that's America's erection.  Salute it.
Ppl give boomers shit because those six houses cost one bottle cap and a hand full of dryer lint, and they think $8/hr is an acceptable minimum wage.
Be quiet
1000 shares. NIO made me feel good today. PLTR better not kill the vbe
wtf is this unholy pump
Yes BABA find it!!
When I was 21 I was buying $20 SNAP FDs with the money my parents gave me for groceries in college
tech will be blood green tomorrow
So many stupid people buying the dip... this is so 1990
NIO and PLTR FDs are the way to go
[deleted]
Yeah - puts now till next quarter
That’s if earnings are good and investors are happy. 

I bought puts lol one of us will make money tomorrow
😓
XPEV and NIO are the best, forget fsr
You've marked this submission as an earnings thread. It's important that your post contains earnings estimates and is updated when the actual earnings are released. If this is just a simple discussion or question thread, please change the flair.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bought some LI FDs cause why the fuck not
This is an earnings dump dude
woof!
I can hear It's a Small World in the distance from $DIS earnings come up
My relationship with ZM is gone. PTON is my new friend now
Congrats to all the PLTR put / call holders.  We gon be rich
[deleted]
PLTR gonna get hit with iv crush so hard tomorrow nobody is going to make money
OSTK
PLUG and SPWR had good runs as well just this year
We out here buying final minute!
Pussy
Holding AH fuck yah let’s go
Amazing DD thanks for the heads up!
Yes
Calls on $NEWSPAPER
[removed]
All in on BABA and ZM to the MoON!
do you think cali will announce tomorrow or over weekend
i dont normally go cash gang but closed at 100%. guess ill call today a win.
Market closes now I can start doing work
Can you imagine? We'd see our first triple circuit breaker day.
 If you believe this pump is real you deserve to lose your money
NIO FDs 😌🇺🇸
I’m not smart, and it’s today
[deleted]
PLTR is about to guh hard as fuck?
BABA calls
stop the count.....
Damn guess we won’t be red tomorrow
LETS GO PLTR MAKE ME PROUD
nice my puts just halved in value in 10 minutes
Yep gonna pick up my Zoom phone and drive my Zoom car to my Zoom meeting then open Zoom.tv in another window.  Then ride my stationary Zoom bike and sleep on my Zoom mattress while booking a Zoom cruise using my Zmail account.

What clowns
Hot garbage. Zoom out.
XLE 32.50p 11/13
Spy red
My man
I have 1/15/21 30C’s that I bought when the stock was at 29$. Does this sentiment apply to my calls too? What price would it have to hit for my calls to be in this same boat? If you answer this, I appreciate you
[deleted]
Hey it’s me your uncle/aunt
It’ll come back tomorrow
Is this Robinhood?
$FSR has a huge manufacturing announcement coming Sunday... and it’s the least run up of the 3 so far. 

If you are willing to buy and hold $FSR long term you will make major gains.
Jan $2 puts lmao
Trash
Let’s go
They aren't retarded like Groupon and went into fresh 🍓 and veggies plus focused on second tier cities. I should have been on it but baba has been cucking me
This guy has puts
ZM!!!!!!
[deleted]
PLTR
Yall better hop on this ZM dip. Were mooning tomorrow and into next week. See ya on mars
Mfers really think tomorrow gonna be green looking at this SPY pump.
This is the way
New price target tomorrow maybe. Reloading calls in the morning.
NLS MRVL SFIX PENN etc
does everyone here just buy single options? where is spread gang at, trying to get into that sweet sweet premium market
Bad China news coming tonight
Ring the fing bell already
Always.
🗑
Last chance for BABA
LI AUTO baby
XPEV too
it's rigged
[deleted]
Nice.  I wish I had bought more too
What’s your best $500 play for my extra-retard account? Looking for 0dte type stuff
PLTR
RKT looking good 🚀
NIO is not crashing, will be climbing steadily for the foreseeable future. Same goes for LI and XPEV. No comment on PLTR, I sold all shares.
Shout out mods for fixing the daily thread
Oh same pump it does everyday
He just tweeted buy puts on NIO
I hope everyone shorting DKNG gets squeezed like a wet towel tomorrow morning
100%
Yeah but I think a second full lockdown would be different then that second wave. We’re speculating here but the market has been slowly rebounding since March, I’d imagine we’d see a huge pullback
NIO calls atm
If you're brave, the mouse has earnings at close
Ya daddy
Mods he’s right here
Fucking same man. And the other 5% I hold it too long. .. ☹️
Quick ACB thoughts? Trash right?
Just concentrate pussy
Balls deep in DKNG, we shall fly until we die boys
It’s VIXY puts for me!
Lol @ all the people who thought spy would dump EOD.
AMD
You missed cvs, wait till a month before next er and starr a position.
Pump on anemic volume
Mrna Vaccine news coming soon
I tried to tell y’all on that UPS 167.5c 11/20. Jacked to the tits in it almost at it’s day low
[deleted]
This is Stephan Papadakis
Saved this comment
NIOLIXPEV made me rich
I’m holding through earnings but it’s scary
Buy the rip, sell the dip
This zm drop is complete BS
They’re really gonna push this shit over 353 just to dump it tomorrow and end flat
All in on SPY and NIO calls for tomorrow locked in cause I’m out of day trades. Let’s get it boys.
Sometimes i do not even read a single word. Sometimes i just stare at the words and then i scroll down until i see NIO
I prefer to call it "cost-based downside risk mitigation"
Rkt gang
I sold my 15.5p and am regretting it. So hold for double the tendies....learn from my paper hands
ER is tonight thooo
Tuesday China is Monday night in the US
Quick gamble before market closes. $600 on 11/13 NIO and 11/20 LI.
[deleted]
holy cow didn't even see it jump.. was 100m this morning Wooo
Hope y’all bought calls
Calls on Charmin and Cottonelle to wipe bloody bear butts after Li's earnings release tomorrow.
I transferred 3k from my and immediately regretted it. Too much of a pussy to use real money
Sell
That’s dumb
Fd’s locked and loaded
Jesus Christ, PLTR IV is ridiculous right now.

Wish I held my stonk so I could sell covered calls on it. Probably would have been a better idea this morning but I don't like selling naked calls even though I have the cash to back it
Man I was looking at Biglari at $88 - then I blinked and I missed it
I bough to PLTR calls just now someone hold me
The crematorium where the dems burned the evidence
360 at open tomorrow
If the market doesn’t tank I can see it having a similar run like today tomorrow
[deleted]
[deleted]
DKNG earnings tomorrow. Place your bets.

I have some December calls that I'm down 50% on so fuck it I'm holding.
I have a feeling that the market will bottom on 12/7.

I am not just saying this because I hold 12/7 SPY Puts
puts
nio pumps the day after i sell a call for $46. I should just start posting what i do so ppl can do the opposite and make money.
If PLTR is up 10% AH I’ll let a tranny peg me
Surprised you weren't asking for a friend
Should i buy a couple thousand dollars worth of NIO shares? I just became an adult recently and want to make good investments
me on the fence
Absolutely, that’s free money
Convince me to go in on pltr
[deleted]
I have a shit ton of shares and calls dated dec and Jan
[removed]
Profits will be secured until I jump into the next Chinese Tesla
Even puts aren’t profitable with 350% IV
You poor soul, looking here for legitimate answers will only bring you closer to inner chaos. Take your question and go before they come.
Inverse WSB. Calls it is.
Welcome home.
Pltr and dkng going to make or break people here
Alright GME lotto's, don't burn me again...
#BEARS GOT FUK
3️⃣5️⃣0️⃣ 🔜
And they shorted the peaks pushing it back down. They did this on Tues and Weds.
46 and 40 puts 11/13 here
Thank god we won’t use Zoom during lockdown /s
Calls on PLTR loss porn 11/13.
That shape is made to go DIRECTLY to the MOON
Very cool very legal
Literally Exactly haha.
Still ain’t gonna move.
Black Philip provides
Literally 95% of the time I close a position early at a loss, it ends up turning profitable a few days after I close it.
Finding Xpeng
more like tomorrow night
Me
wait for the friday sell off and then disappoint yourself
This shit finna pump
Checking in. Long calls all day bby
Yes
3 min what to hold over night?
Sold NIO puts. I would love assignment but probably never seeing 45 again.
Ain’t buying this EV shit yeah it looks good but it’s gonna take YEARS to switch to electric. NIO Is not nearly as big as Ford
I think his powers are just in the opposite direction, if any
Na dawg
[deleted]
xpev, li, nio gang eating steak tonight and hookers with cocaine as a side dish
[deleted]
Set a limit, let the market decide.
I can’t look anymore, man. What did he do?
No
Samesame, same
Imagine being the richest man in the world!!! Bjs would be a hourly event
No chance in hell. He'll go down swinging like the orange retard that he is.
Gunna go home and eat my wife’s dried crusty discharge off her old panties.
Yes, literally thousands, it may take a day, a month, or a few decades though.
🤘🤘
Imagine not being balls deep in UPWK leaps
im eating that nongshim ramen today boys
Hold my 11/13 RKT $22C?
[deleted]
ALL IN ON PLTR WHOS WITH ME
Huge options volume on calls... so who knows.
[deleted]
Man I hope so
Jesus I did Not listen to myself on not chasing ZM - hope to see another gap up like yesterday
Sell or hold my CCL puts? 16.5p for tomorrow
Wouldst thou like to live deliciously?
Holding some NIO FDs and ZM weeklies
Every quarter someone comes in and looks at CVS.  I took the bait once.  Never again.  CVS stock never moves.  I figured the pandemic would make them moon.  Nope- nothing.  Don't play them.
Put dumbass you wanted to buy a put
PLTR gonna rocket
Went with pltr puts and spy calls. So if you guys did the opposite you should be fine. I’m like 0/25 this month
......no
Weak ass EOD rally. Opening blood red tomorrow boys, it’s a guarantee!
Puts
Tesla last time, Palantir next year
Not to mention, there’s a ton of reasons to not buy a home lol
[deleted]
As you currently average down lol
lambo or bus bois, pick your bet
I agree
:O
Spy pump definitely not fake and 100% not gay
I have no hesitation losing 3k on some gold and silver calls, but won't pay 3k for a trip to cabo. . .  a true retard addict
NIO Put Buyers already getting Squeezed... CLASSIC !!!!
Anyone buying LI calls at close???
Legend trying to swim against the current.
Lol what the actual fuck.
PLTR about to moon so hard
lmao guh
My butt farted
retarded pump to end the day wiping out all bearish sentiment

Classic
[deleted]
and chainsaws
We buying puts??
Weak ass volume pump just to fuck with puts
F no
Hold off the xpev posts, I’m tryna buy more calls when the iv cools off lmao
Yea I picked up 10 shares today. If it dips tomorrow I might pick up another 20 shares or maybe sell some slightly OTM puts
Probably not. A concession means his fans abandon him and he need them captive for his next private stuff.
All of tech is over valued imo so right on I understand
Vaccine news bullish for them
🙏
damn i was beginning to look at which multi million dollar mansion i was gonna buy and then spy pulls this type of shit cmon 😢
I’m in about $10k in calls and shares. I’m a little nervous to post exactly my positions in case I violate some investment advice rule but that’s where I’m at.
Yeah, I'd think keeping a few was smart. Even if Li does shit the bed, chances are NIO will be back here by next Thursday.
Ight boys. Holding my NIO calls overnight. Hopefully we green tmo.
Got some DKNG 11/13 40ps. Think earnings is gonna be a big whiff.
Not sure, he has no incentive to pump anymore.
Wow thanks for getting this breaking news to us the moment it dropped. I wonder how this will affect Baba’s Stock

I hope it doesn’t drop below 300!
LMAO. You're a week late to the party.

Squeeze is over and the bears will be back in control of this shit stock soon.
yep
Hold these pltr 15c 11/20?
how many
Blowing the leaves and the parking attendants in the Disney World parking lot doesn’t make you an insider.
Yep. It’s honestly becoming a point to avoid amazon. You don’t know who is gonna huge amount when.
I sold NIO at $420
U might be on to something, I’m in
let it begin
354 at close
Nah he will simply win instead
FB had what looked like a clear runway to the 280s today. Wish someone took away mango's fucking phone after election day.
Xpeng yesterday if you where smart
PLTR earnings are today?!?!? 200% IV?!?? RKT 2.0
zoom mooning again !
PLTR, be gentle, it's my first time
I’m big on ZM too. Didn’t great a great buy price but I don’t think you can go wrong really. Holding 21 shares and excited for the upcoming weeks
Beautiful
Is SE a hold overnight?
To buy nvda rn or tomorrow
[deleted]
Very bullish🤡🤡🤡
Calls on machetes?
Fuck yes!
I’m getting Déjà vu.
NIO 11/13 puts 45 and 39
Why is RH not letting me buy 11/13 calls?
Vix up... from calls or puts or both?
He only bought 1 share
Joe mama you retard
My chest
Hold me PLTR gang...
Wow, you can now afford to take an entire week off from cleaning the bathrooms at Wendy’s 👍🏼
PLTR
Everyone's expecting a dump so naturally futures will be red and then it'll jump 2% at open
I’ll be fine if aapl finishes above 119 today was eh
SSSS starting to pop, one of the larger PLTR holders

Someone knows something for ER?
Me too man 
How you feeling about it tho lmao
19 yr old zoomers using moms money that she inherited from grandpa who owned 6 houses
+ 300 sanitation ticket for leaving your living room outiside on cleaning days!
bruh SPY is so rigged and my positions are green lol
Sex dolls have come a long way
XPEV puts going to kill me
That’s a tough one. You originally paid for that a longer expiry, if you’re bullish on it then might as well take advantage of the longer expiry. 

You will just have to battle yourself mentally if it explodes after earnings though. 

I’ve already personally decided to ignore earnings and hold through until EOY for NIO day hype and fomo, but my strike is a little lower. You could do the same if you shared the same sentiment but I cannot predict the market/future so you’ll have to do your own research to decide
Lol I took every penny I could get my hands on and traded it. Lots of regrets I know
11/20, it’s in the original comment. I just posted this for those buying FDs, your Jan calls are probably cool
Does FSR have a chance?
 NIOs stock price has a direct effect on my emotions
If only it was that easy
Diamond hands it is.  Though I'll probably sell right before earnings... to avoid any IV stuff
i want to
In job interview " why should we hire you Bleached\_hole\_patrol?" i listen to joe rogan and trade stonks on robinhood. other worldly sophistication. do you know that word or should i use a more simple term for you, you retard?? tits literally blown off of interviewer. gives me headset and keys to bathroom. Welcome to Wendy's may i take your order plz???
Narrator:  He did.
Haha, imagine.
337M volume on NIO, bananas
Anyone think 🥭 pulls another rabbit out of his ass and surprise concedes and causes another massive pump?
PLTR stock go up tmr but get IV crushed. Thetagang wins. I’m a retarded gambler tho so I still bought calls.
The school?
After Q3.
Fair, best of luck love
Same boat man earned a great deal from the split then it cleaned me out almost
Sold half my PLTR at 15.  gonna pick back up at 10
NIO GAPS Higher Overnight... Mark it. 

NIO $250+ EOM.
Absolutely fuck this low volume SPY EoD pump
cvs doesnt move why would u even play them
Make it 2 😂
Same good luck
Position or ban!
You called it
Very but I wouldn’t bet my money on a random guy on the internet
First time?
Closing above 352 very bullish
I'm excited to see which gang the mouse brutally murders behind the Mickey Mouse Funhouse
Just followed your advice. Bought shares and got a 1DTE 13P hedge. Feel like I can sleep easy through earnings lol.
There are more cars in the US than in China.
I will not buy more NIO calls I will not buy more NIO calls I will not buy more NIO calls....
You don’t trade low liquidity and do theta plays on high iv stocks and then ask yourself why your account moves that much?
As. I mentioned before, Im ready for the loss porn.
That makes me flacid if I was planning on holding past earnings
LI shows earnings report at open?
To me it's just numbers at this point. I'm sort of numb to the ups and down. I'm sure if I ended up profiting $200k+ on a position it would be a slightly different feeling. It would open up additional investment avenues outside of the stock market for me, that's for sure.
Found Ben Shapiro’s throwaway
Amd can suck my sack , it’s crusty.
You should’ve stuck to Zoom calls
Where is GLD headed?
Keep pumping, yes!!!!
Not likely this shit is so fuckin rigged
PAHMP EEEEET
#stonks only go up
Which gap
THAT'S RaCiSt!
Ya that should have been end to end encrypted
Puts?
Trump really killed the vibe today
mitch is more like the manager... "sorry, if you dont like it, leave"
tiger woods yall
Good call dingleberry
CVS looking real nice over the next 2 months
Yolo holding onto these puts till tomorrow. Hoping it drills AH.
got 100 shares and 1/2021 50c

bought in at 50 so im down quite a bit
Bernstein says ZM has potential of 300 billion market cap. 🤡🤡 and it’s the next Netflix.
Why would it go to 24 shares by tomorrow?
We’re going to lockdown again. Get your CoVID stocks you homos
You remember the last earning of pltr? 🤡🤡
Vix up... from calls or puts?
Mango: Biden win will cause market crash

*Biden wins and market doesn't crash

Mango: Fine I'll do it myself
#BEAR TRAPPED AGAIN!!!
Not necessarily, Delta is at .42. So if you get a big move in the right direction you could profit. But statistically, the odds are not in your favor. Even a $1 move in the correct direction will not make up for extrinsic loss
Who is holding PLTR trough earnings?  I fck do!
There's no such thing as IV crush.
For real. How confident are you in that prediction?
So for like 1 week?
Isnt the console cycle on like day 1 or 2 lmao
Meh

All businesses are ready for this now... everyone is already WFH, grocery stores have capacity protocols etc...

Not going to be even 15% of the dip we saw last winter

And anyone who got wrecked (airlines etc) is already/still wrecked
Yes I’m poor
in the 2nd wave, like july, there wasn’t much change in the market though. it was more bullish if anything
My heart says Disney puts so I’m doing calls because Puts make sense.
XPENG did...
No.
Yeah that's the opposite of what I'm saying isn't it. Everyone was saying tsla was over valued. Everyone is saying nio is going to run...
PLTR gonna die in earnings. This last hour dump giving me flashbacks to RKT
Not harsh, just have a large google position in shares so we have different viewpoints on this stock. All good
Jesus his sons all look like total dorks
Alright I’m gambling on PLTR
Honestly If NIO makes it to America, tesla is going in the back seat
which expiry?  Not on my Jan 2022 12.5Cs it ain't.
If only your pp was not so smol
The pump before the dump eod
I think I'd hold. Even if Li shits the bed on earnings, NIO should be back to ATH by next Thursday.
Tokenize that shit
lol No I'm saying it dipped a bit before close yesterday, then we saw what happened with it's neighbor's earnings today with another one coming tomorrow..  nobody knows but my wsb crystal ball says it barely rallies tomorrow or barely drops
I got calls on PLTR. So probably down.
If you watch it in reverse the story is actually quite inspiring.
Couldve shouldve wouldve. I have more fun holding the shares and selling you autist puts/calls
[deleted]
The PLTR call option activity is INSANEEEE

Big money knows this one is going to explode
Lol my state dgaf
Hypothetically, if I just got fired from the New Yorker for masturbating on a Zoom call, should I buy puts on $ZM just for fun? Again, strictly hypothetical
Dump
Well to be fair you’re already down so much so you have a lot less to lose
last reminder for EV bears that transitioning 95% of a 1.4 billion person country from gas to electric cars is not a fucking meme sector
Yeah based on how he framed the question like he wanted to keep the ITM I assumed he was still convinced of the directionality of the trade
Hey I hope you played it right! I held on till now to cash out at $26k and I flipped and threw 8k back on calls for tomorrow!
As someone who's been selling CCs on NIO, just don't bother. Picking up pennies in front of a steamroller. Yes the premium is juicy af, but when you lose shares at 35 and they go up to 45 in a week it won't feel so good.
Shut down the market until covid is over
I am playing with my INTC earnings Voodoo Doll.. Also my Apple Earnings shrunk head.
\*SPY goes up .5 points\* "SPY absolutely pumping right now!" what the hell is actually wrong with some of you guys hahaha
Callz
Better give EY a call.  They did a pretty good job turning the other cheek when auditing Luckin Coffee
What can I put 100k on and double it in a day?
Yeah most likely.
Cool power hour pump
One is Daredevil. The other is just orange. Ez match
Up over 20% on just XPEV shares... why didn’t i buy calls 😭
I believe expired and worthless is what you're looking for.
VIX couple weeks out on next dip. Buy a shiba they rule
Launch EVs
Ok Mr. "I ain't no" autist
Why would I wanna lose all my money? This shit will flop if earnings aren't extremely over expectations.
What’s a meme
Just bought nio puts boys I'm ready to see this bloated bitch fall
I mean some cities would rather everyone die than shutdown so there's that
Ah fuck it going all in on jd now. Baba fucked me so hard
GUH
so you're telling me i shouldn't buy a bunch of calls? got it
In with NIO for long term, don’t fucking care
DKNG ER tomorrow. ATM 0DTE - flip a coin for call/put
VIX puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
That’s Four Seasons *Total* Landscaping to you
It was on purpose, look what was across the street
friday dump or pump?
Alright now let’s see if DKNG will fuck me again
Xpeng gang
Fuck. Don’t get me hard like that.
Yeah I sold my shit. I’ve got hella ipo shares, was gunna get an itm put but even then 10% break even? No thanks lol. I’ll ride with my $9 shares.
LRCX 430C
Mega America circuit beeker dimp incoming
XLE 32.50p 11/13
[deleted]
Call?
Anyone playing DKNG? Might buy a lotto or 2
Surely you just have a single lottery ticket right?
NIO bulls about to scatter like rats on a sinking ship 🐀🐀🐀🐀 🚢
I heard [NIO just had the fastest track time](https://www.nio.com/news/nio-sets-new-record-fastest-autonomous-car-world) for autonomous driving. Nice.
😂
ZOOM and NIO calls free money.....last call
Biden is bad for the market.  more tax, more shutdown, put american last.   u should have voted for the mango.
[removed]
so 352 held then eh
Why so harsh? Who shit on your calls this morning
How can you sleep at night ?
I bet u it dumps, just like rocket mortgage first earnings when it was impossible that they would dump, and they murdered everyone
i have way more in 351p 12/4 that i'm holding
65% here
At least bynd doing me good
he's just trying to piss off their viewers for his launch of TR\*MPS REAL NEWS NETWORK (r) come January 22nd.
Positions?!?
Up 150% on NIO just because some youtuber Said it would go up
nah you did what anyone would do bruv
You could have been a millionaire with leaps
Agreed. Can't wait for some short squeezes to hit
i gave u an award cuz it was going to expire in 48hr
Something really fishy happening with my theta account on thinkorswim. All of a sudden my account swings 2-3k within 5 minutes when underlying shares haven't moved much during that time. Happens like every day now.

And I don't trade low liquidity shit. Mostly SPY, QQQ, AMD, AAPL and TSLA theta plays.
No
If you hold calls over the weekend you sir have a massive cock
21st
[deleted]
Calls or puts on DKNG at the bell??????
Question: why would you buy that if it expires tomorrow? I’m still learning options sorry for the noob question
What's everybody buying for the DKNG earnings? Puts?
So it’s a lose lose? Haaaaaaalpppp
IMO pltr gonna get IV crushed, gonna buy ur calls from u tm morning. Good luck tho hope it prints coz if it does everyone on this sub gonna be rich af. I remember the last earnings when this entire sub was bullish and we all printed like it was umm....
You’ll be okay
Cisco puts or calls in the next 8 mins.
Lotto put and call on NIO???
Last minute YOLO?
[deleted]
Get your popcorn ready
Nio has all the focus right now. I expect a bunch of loss porn from GME Jan call holders.
Tremendous
No
Load up on your nio weeklies we going to $55 tomorrow!
Hey MM, it’s Gunna take a lot more than that for me to sell these scrumptious FDs
Ordering a carton box.
look at their SEC filings. These guys went people because their broke.
You know how many leaders Murdoch has destroyed?
sold some PLTR 11p. happy to pick up some shares at 11. Also holding calls over ER.
[deleted]
That strike had high activity yesterday but the article is written by a bot/imbecile, the iv for gme isnt even high compared to like...the msft announcement week
LI better cook the fucking books or else the whole Chinese EV market will be in shambles tomorrow
Yeet
Also, I’m slightly new to options. So if I fucked up let me know. But roughly, pretty sure that’s accurate
Black Philip will be pleased that tomorrow is Friday the 13th.
NYSE
no one knows but if PLTR doesnt moon, after today\`s action, I am pulling a Karen on the SEC Complaints Division
Nio premiums are guh. Who’s buying weeklies at $2 per contract?
I want to see NIO tank just for the lulz
Ravioli Ravioli give me the Disney Earningsoli
Four Seasons ^landscaping

I'm fucking dying.
Chinese EV running their own exchange?
Playing u earnings wish me luck boys
Pepper your Angus for earnings
HODOR
Oh PLTR. Take me to the promised land of Valhalla
May Rasputin Dorsey bless you
Greg
I picture a guy who runs a hardware store, not the guy complaining to the manager for some reason
Needs wsb logo somewhere on it
Bro, this was a legit play. 
Thanks for cutting through all the NIO/PLTR bullshit and delivering something solid.
Crazy ive got a 71% on NIO shares alone. Shares arent as gay as i thought... nah theyre still gay
Went short BKD (Brookdale Senior Living) yesterday afternoon for shares instead of puts because there wasn't enough volume, but it dropped 7.5% so far today and likely will have further to go.
Imagine thinking he’s talking about selling shares and not options
Heard this from another comment but vaccinne news and also they are doing earnings after opening very recently so they must be confident and have something good to show
Smh I can’t believe we still haven’t got a second stimmy check, just let me yolo that sweet $1200 dammit
I would say no.  I think the market will pull back some more. Too many cases to ignore and some places will shutdown.  Let it settle down before you make that bet.
Oh look another stupid mini pump wonderful
I’ll hit a TSLA lotto ticket someday (said everyone all the time)
You made someone from Theta gang very happy
Mickey and Goofy gonna spit roast you
[deleted]
Ahhh it’s all fun until it isn’t.

Every other decision I’ve made has been calculated to some degree, this one however.... not so much.
Anyone think Li has more room to run if they beat earnings?
Literally everyone is saying this. Wsb is retarded so reverse everyone’s opinions. It will moon and Nio will collapse tomorrow
will it??
Bought puts
PLTR announces massive govt contract to trace and track COVID cases

Biden calls in on ER and praises Thiel 

C-suite announce they were actually the ones that caught Bin Laden 

PLTR 25 tmr AM
Seriously so ridiculous
No problem, theta gang needs to feed their families too
Why?
Good for you. I hope you lose money if you hold your google puts without taking profit. Google still undervalued imo
“Hi. Pat Bateman,” I say, offering my hand, noticing my reflection in a mirror hung on the wall—and smiling at how good I look.

___

^(*Bot. Ask me how I’m feeling.* |) [^(Opt out)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=botrickbateman&subject=Opt%20out)
Hello Friend.
Murdoch vs Trump is gonna get ugly
How’s tsla’s usual overnight behavior?
No just autistic
wouldn't it be better to finish it on the ps5 instead
Someone give me a yolo, I’m trying to buy my first puppy
[deleted]
Your save file will transfer to ps5
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/willy_nill the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope
Vega on a PLTR $14.5p 11/20=.0085. This represents the amount of tendies stolen each 1% in IV. IV is currently 182%. We don’t have historical IV on PLTR, but conservatively it could drop 80% after ER. This means $68 of extrinsic value will knocked off the premium of your option, not to mention theta decay
Wtf? how do I not know what this movie is. Gun slinging Patrick Bateman?! Instant must watch.
lol this pump is for suckers.
Don’t cry to us when PLTR is up 20% AH
$17.72 "invested", did i do my math right?
Gotta leverage those lost bets
how many? 100?
Wrong way VXX
spy low volume pumps are brutal
Relatively new here, does the lowercase c mean call
Spy pumping
Yep
The MOTHER OF ALL DUMP INCOMING
Lol retards buying SPY calls EOD, you will never financially recover from this
Cause I bought calls...
So close, yet so far :/
IWM puts swinging like Shaqs dick
R u trolling
[deleted]
Nio and PLTR, name a better duo
Close @$353
[deleted]
Is Disney fuk tomorrow?
Mitch is male Karen
Gotcha, that I agree with, as long as OP still is bullish on the stock.
Aye stfu my comment glitch fuck tarted ass bitch
I refuse to accept the results of SPY today
next week
This is Wall Street not 🌈🐻wood
STAY DOWN XOM
Get good
330
a wild hulk dick has appeared
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Same brother my first one to. I hope I don't get fucked
[deleted]
I’m way up lol
Everyone already expects them to be bad, so probably a mild selloff
Bout to fail no nut november cause of this post tbh
I have few other Chinese companies that I hold. Vips is one of them. I hope the earnings will be rock solid tomorrow.
And here comes the $2 spy pump to end the day. As is tradition.
and there is nio's cute little sister: xpev
Sure but be careful
Buy NIO now to join in on the $50+ party tomorrow 🎉
I thought the same, but do hipsters have money to buy this weird things? i want to jump on the SOLO bandwagon, but is there a market?
oh god guys I have calls expiring tomorrow. Do they have a chance? will it rocket up at opening?
Too hard
Thanks for the premiums, very juicy and THICC
Fingers crossed. My arms hurt from all this bagholding
Puts on that guys brain
LUV said today Nov/Dec booking arent good. Airlines do have alot of room to fall still.

https://mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN27S226


Southwest estimates its January 2021 capacity to decrease in the range of 35% to 40%, year-over-year, compared to an expected 40% fall in the current quarter.

This seems optimistic given that most seasonal travel summer and Nov-Dec. Corporate flying isn't going to rebound in Q1.
What does papa Musk's Twitter say about this?
I added more yesterday, but im afraid of corona so i have some money spare from nio gains
This is the way.
Bruh who has 60 grand to invest and then decides robinhood is the way to do it lol
Wtf is this one minute SPY dildo 🤣🤣🤣
[removed]
Closing pump WAY too early!! Will get wreck
I got a second mortgage on my piano box
r/antstreetbets
how timely is the reporting?
Might try for some FD puts, as long as it doesn't gap up hard it should be a red day tomorrow
Cause I’m half way through on PS4
Which I respect more than anything. Talk your shit. Dude clearly earned it.
What are PLTR & DIS doing after hours today? Wrong answers only.
Damn that'd be a 10 bagger with shares if you held long enough.
No stimulus. COVID running rampant and winter hasn't even hit yet. Mutant fucking minks. 

Calls it is.
These bears make me laugh. Been saying to pull out of China EV for months. These companies are legit and not going anywhere. People are going to take some profit EOD today and tomorrow am, then they're gonna 🚀🚀
SPY is so fake. Bruh wtf was that?
What's great about this week is it gave us some new recent highs to chart with
Thanks I hate it
Y’all be careful. That double bottom that got NIO to where it is is lookin like a double top now
Quick someone tell me what to do. Sell my BABA 282.5c 11/20 for a huge loss while it still has some value to buy a 49c for NIO expiring tomorrow or no?
OP, How do you literally fuck up the math in every comment?
V shape inbound
Guys please sell your Nio weeklies if they’re OTM I don’t wanna see more “why aren’t my calls printing” Friday
opened my 354P this morning its up 60%. Passed major EMA on 1 month chart, big red tomorrow, should have held man
If you think NIO isn’t about to go over 50 AH you’re probably holding puts.
Ah, probably should edit in a "were bought" into that comment lol
I bought 30000 and made like 7 bucks so I'm feeling good
Right with you. Nearly wiped out after trying to short spy for the last few weeks. I can't bring myself to try again.

For what it's worth, since I'm not going to try, that's a good sign that it's going to absolutely tank tomorrow.
How the fuck can a company that is in business for 17 years still not be profitable?
Fucking Baba
Down, I’m short
PDD is a $160B Groupon lol.
Does trump china securities ban actually mean anything? I don't see many affected tickers I recognize. Are we worried about retaliation?
Right there with you
If you're buying shares, I don't think the difference will matter vs long term growth
Im still hanging onto mine but fuck do i ever relate to this... been burned so many times before, why do i think this time will be different
SPY you bad bitch, go on back up for daddy.
bagholder logic
Srsly.  These tards complaining about a +11% day?  Get fucked.
11/13 51c 🤡
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**DIS**|**$130**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-20**|**$2**|**$134.6552**|**14798**|**8660**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfb39jodfzf0770dfxbjfnj) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ericp22/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**GE**|**$9**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$0.39**|**$8.745**|**86716**|**3209**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfb39ledfzr0770tew4hks4) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/dirtclods/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
I imagine the stock moves dramatically one way or the other AH and then settles back to within 2-3% of where we are now by open tomorrow, fucking everyone with 11/13 options (including me)
What it do nephew we still good baby
[removed]
Mr. Market I don't feel so good 👉🏻👈🏻🥺
Donnie got beat by Chinese zoomers
PLTR gang what we doing ?
So happy I sold TSLA at the top, if I didn’t time that right my portfolio would be in shambles
48 new resistance?
50/50 on 11/20 $16 and shares.
Gays R gays
[deleted]
Puts on dkng?
Anyone holding shares or positions through earnings on PLTR good luck and godspeed I couldn't do it got burned by earnings too many times I wish you all the tendies I rolled my 250 shares into NIO for the day.
Should i yolo 20 gees on 360 calls at close
A closet with $11,000 in property taxes a year
spy poots zoom calls ez tendiville ticket
Why not buy a lotto put and call for NIO at close ??? I’m gonna
Okay locked and loaded on 1DTE $115 dis puts. 🍿💦🐭🔫
Yes you just cant make anymore day trades for I think like 90 days? Not sure exactly how long but yes.
Who else has NIO 60c 2/19/2020????
ditch this guy's mom and marry my wife's boyfriend
looks like these PLTR bags are about to get pretty heavy
Their earnings are on tuesday. Expect the biggest spike on monday morning.
$15 a share gang
I’m a perma-bull but idk bout that lol
Bears out in full force, that’s all I need to know before close.

SPY 11/13 358c
yikes and good luck
This’d make sense if it rallied today. No gain, no bull trap.
cash gang here. 
grab popcorn and watch PLTR ER
$18-$20 market open tomorrow
Yes. I’m not leaving!!!
whats up fam ;)
why not just play it on ps5
Thanks for the NIO discounts AGAIN paper hand boys ☘️
I’m confused are we worried about long downs if so stay at home should be mooning!!!
Replace that with NIO and that is the other half
anyone playing AMAT earnings?
If spy goes down i may not accept it
This is the advice I needed. Thank you
I think FSR will fucking moon eventually. Definitely in the same bracket as Tesla and Nio. It looks like production won't start until 2023 but I'm not sure how much that really matters. It seems redundant for it to be undervalued right now but I think that might actually be the case. Might be smart to load up on shares at this point because who knows when it will take off.
If you have NIO weeklies gtfo. This ER pump is for the 11/20 and 11/27s
[deleted]
Ban this fuck stop asking you’ve Asked like 10 times in the last hour
Solo is the future for hipster commuters
[deleted]
so what you’re saying is tomorrow at open it’s going to be 40
Idk why everyone is buying puts right now on a meme stock. Good luck buddy!
[deleted]
Sekiro better
Just put $845 into NIO calls. Praying they print 🙏🏻
130p lets get it
[deleted]
They jumped in at the top with 1dtes
Another PSA: DKNG ER is before market open tomorrow, not AH. If you wanna sell before ER then DO IT NOW.
If you’re gonna PDT, you better make 59 trades on that day lol
Rip holidays.
[deleted]
Legend.
Your name indicates it will be the reverse, yolo swag I am Sam, too much mental handicap in that name
As an autist would say, Proof or BaN
I bought a shit load of shares of FVRR around $30 and sold them at $50 and thought I was so smart. Fuck my life.
[deleted]
PLTR better moon or else half of this sub will get wiped out
One red day, VIX fucking moons 20%. Then it takes 5-6 green days to bring it back down.

Hell, this whole year has been blood green and VIX is still 2x what it was in the beginning of the year.
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Petition to Ban all posts for the rest of the week unless NIO or PLTR.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt2gp8
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt2gp8) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/hissy1, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
theoriginofstorms
Justaryns
Whoknowsx94
Ayooo
Cockblocker
Same after the Chicago news I got out of AMD and FSR Calls to go straight to SPY Puts. 

Get rich or die trying. 100% in Spy Puts now. Will report back after I transfer my next check to Robinhood
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Sold
Sour hour 🤢
BABA be like please we’ve gone low enough. The market be like I can go lower
me too
Gaps up to 353 tomorrow then continues its nose dive
It’s treated me well up to this point
Here's the thing, the profits were made public so everyone knows about it and it ran up because of that. Why would it go up even more?
NIO IS LOVE NIO IS LIFE
I would sell tbh. Although, I have a feeling ER is going to take of like Zpeng
I’m in because I laughed so hard. Fuck you
Never
Let’s go!!
3518 is coming !
Position?
Why is zm dying
Cmon NIO one last pump after that bullshit dump
Get some !!
Would tomorrow be a good time to buy into some PLTR shares? I have a feeling it's going to drop even further AH the way it's gone today and with earnings about to be released.
They released $2.19 a share
Baba calls
[deleted]
score one from Costco but it won't ship until Thanksgiving week
Lol yea immediate dump causes panic. Graceful dump to 300 and people are still smiling. Also this sub is on an ev high today. Watch nil/Xpev dump tomorrow and the panic here
Il do it if you do
Feelin a fat ass green Friday
Can I still trade after PDT restriction?
Best of luck!
Long FSLY
Up or down?
Mine expire next week on the 20th, I sold almost all my contracts now
I bought at 15
godspeed
What sub do they post on?
Enjoy being poor
fuck that, sold my spy 354p 11/13 for a 5% gain, not getting impaled out the mouth by gigantic nonsensical green dongs in 10 minutes
Hopped on the NIO wave pretty early had some $23 calls a few weeks ago that printed. Sold way too early and have been doing smaller calls in NIO PLTR and ATSG which have been the moneymakers
You need some milk
[removed]
Dip it in sweet n sour sauce?
God FB just fucked me so fucking hard.
Gay by close
Anyone playing donkey Kong through earnings?
China's President Xi Jinping personally decided to pull the plug on Ant Group's $37-billion initial public offering, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing Chinese officials with the knowledge of the matter
Dhammmmmpiiieeeettt
Easy money
I can’t buy a ps5 until I’m done with ghost of Tsushima. And I’m never going to finish that game
Yes sir 

30 by end of next week
Yall said this every day for the last two weeks
What did he say?
Ban
How far out
Remember what happened on the last NIO "dip"?  Gonna be real interesting AH
Get out now and buy calls
Yes and no. 

Yes  - Someday we will have to pay for all this debt and companies will have trouble growing because the economy will fall into a bad recession.  Many people have extended themselves so it will take a toll when the recession is prolonged.

No - We are in an expansion period now. Companies have taken out costs and will need to earn less money to beat earnings.  We are at a point where money is cheap so companies can buy back expensive debt and borrow at lower levels (FED Stimulus providing liquidity).   Companies continue to buy back stock making it easier for them to beat earnings.  

Summary... the day this excess froth and irrational exuberance (to borrow a phrase from Greenspan) pops, it will be bad but it is not for a while and you will miss out on a big increase in the overall market if you got out now.   For now we go up because we have:

* Low Rates
* Tons of stimulus injected into the economy
* Stock buybacks
* Easier comparisons for companies 
* Increased multiples
* More people going to work because the gov has to put people back to work
* Divided Gov which hopefully means no new tax increases
* A known end to the virus blocking the economy
Chicago was first! Who’s next!! Feeling fucking good holding next week puts during the weekend! 

Into OBLIVION FAKE MARKETS
It's over.
#OMG THE VIX  😳😳😳 IT'S HAPPENING!
[deleted]
Disney puts gonna get caught in the mouse trap
Yeah ur right. To clarify, my suggestion was that he should take profit and get leveraged exposure through OTM to protect principal. For example, if the underlying tanked and his ITM went OTM, he’d be completely fucked. If he sold his ITM, and got exposure to underlying through OTM, he could have the same upside while risking less principal in case of an implosion
Fuck tesla tho. Fake American XPEV/NIO
What if the big gains are from dirty puts
How’s this sub feeling about Draftkings earnings tomorrow? I need to inverse y’all.
Hell yeah...flipping tables and flogging the money changers out of the temple.
Uhhhhh no
Welcome home. Go put on a helmet and meet me at the crayons table.
For real
NIO bulls especially ones with 11/13 exp. take your profits now this is one of your last chances.
apple and oranges
ME TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Almost broke even on those NIO 50 strike fds and decides to rugpull smh
!remindme 2 hours
I really feel like SPY is bearish, meaning it will pump tomorrow because this market is retarded and nothing makes sense anymore
Commerce Department **WON'T** enforce TikTok shutdown order, WSJ reports

https://www.wsj.com/articles/commerce-department-announces-stay-of-tiktok-shutdown-order-11605213481?mod=latest_headlines
[deleted]
Earnings?
They moved cuz they gave really good guidance for Q4. I can't imagine it's not priced in by now though
You’re a fucking idiot
Worth holding 1/21 42c?
Why NKLA is still here
I couldn’t agree more. I’m so sick of this gambling subreddit acting like /r/investing
jeeesus
Monitor the number of comments here crying for stimmy, then try and work out why a politician would cut it off when it's worked 'so well' so far. That's what you're betting against. I've cooked a fair chunk of my account with this line of thinking.
[removed]
Politicians are the most profitable group of retail investors by a lot and all their trades are public record.  If you want to a better sense of where we are headed than the reeing in this sub, all you have to do is look.
Airlines bull on CNBC - Full planes are proven to be no problem with COVID
Watch rkt I think it will move 23/24$ next week
Why does everyone hate tiny boobies?
So we expecting bull or bear after Tuesday ?
[deleted]
No. I ended up basically breaking even but you can actually lose money because the delta on the short leg is higher when you’re deep ITM.
Rip nio tomorrow
If OP actually bought calls, he wouldn't be lonely anymore. I mean, he still can splurge on a few prostitutes, but you know, the models are a little bit more expensive.
Up 45% after selling my 200% weeklies
Ride the wave
[deleted]
Don’t scare me like that
got dis put and pltr call
This little dip at the end of the day for NIO is honestly good. way more people gonna want to get in.
I bought 45 spy puts expiring next week and sold before the dump today. I hate myself so much. Would’ve broke even if i held. Fuck me?
YOLO it all on NIO calls or ban
Hi Tendy's, I'd like a few orders of giant red dildos, some bull asshoe and cocain for that retard cramer.
somebody tell them spy is posting positive earnings tomorrow and theyll dump
PLTR... the calm before the storm
Note to OP: Do the opposite of what everyone in this group says. They are just here to make each other laugh. Go to r/stocks or r/stockmarket if you aren’t trying to inflict this group’s brain damage on yourself... but stay if you like to laugh!
Friday the 13th tomorrow. Bulls are fuck
those are just stupid lotto plays. bought uber puts for 0.01 and lyft puts for 0.02, already up a lot as you can see, haha, but I do think uber/lyft will go down in the next week or so. way overbought.
yup
I started a play account with $25k back in January right before the pandemic hit. I ended up sizing down significantly because I was getting retarded with it going into April.

I was fortunate enough to size down by withdrawing money and not by donating it all to the market.
Holy shit all you sensitive fucks complaining about NIO dropping a tiny bit, RELAX. Did you not see how much it soared today. Be grateful
[deleted]
Debt. Mountains of debt. Gonna take years to turn that tank
I sold, but only because I got burned last time I held ATH into AH. Depends on your expiration.
Loaded to the tits with PLTR. Can't wait to be disappointed.
Locking everyone down again out here in Pittsburgh
The fuck did I just read
EZ NIO DIP
this is the dip yall wanted get on NIO before its too late
Stfu iam 19
Just posted on /r/watchredditdie: https://www.reddit.com/r/WatchRedditDie/comments/jt2uqa/new_record_i_got_a_formal_warning_from_reddit/
Enchanters will be dogshit this season; no reason to
Who is Joe?
Nope made $1k
Gonna start my own ETF called JERK when OnlyFans IPOs. They'll be my top holding at 69%.
gape open one way or another
True patriots yolo on chinese stonk
Uh.... Someone must buy for someone to sell... So both sides are done... You don't just get contracts from a faceless void.
Same reason after trump tweet.
That’s what everyone told me when I got $TSLA calls at $700 “ohhhh it’s so overvalued🤪🤪🤪” but does the market care? Brrrrr
Donald Pump: “Jay Powell, you’re fired.”
Just posted on /r/watchredditdie: https://www.reddit.com/r/WatchRedditDie/comments/jt2uqa/new_record_i_got_a_formal_warning_from_reddit/
Prawfit taking
BAC FD $25 puts are $1 👀 and there is a BIG gap to full below, thoughts?
I've only got 9 shares at $42 😭😭😭
No. Stop asking
Thank you guys, i will definitely do my own research and digging but this was helpful. When it had rallied last week i ended up selling at 31 and change because my TSLA and AAPL were killing me so i decided i was gonna slowly pull everything out. I saw NIO hit 39 the next few days kicked myself and then bought the dip at $36 again. Panic sold but dont plan on doing thag again
Hoping it'll buy me a TRX 👌🏻
I thought the news was summarized as "covid showing breaking numbers, susney looks grim. Buy its virtual means instead Twilio (or whatever the heck that is). The only thing keeping disney afloat is the mandalorian."
Go to sleep NIO, it’s okay
Another mandatory lockdown will probably 💩 the market
Early is the key word, I’ve been way early in some stocks and gotten fucked on the other side by not riding the meme. Like legitimately dozens of times.
Because I was going to buy puts, but I didn't
These XPEV bags getting heavy
Ok faggotinni!
Are there picture books?
tomorrow going to be a-cup flat, bet
Yes
I'm bullish in the short term for FSR. Definitely has more value than Nikola so I expect it to surpass it at some point. research it if you are unfamiliar.
People think they are smarter than the market. Paper hands never learn.
Come on bulls, buy this dip
dont be scared broski... BEAR R FUK
I’m to poor cause I’m scared I’ll get assigned - I would tho
Franks hot sauce gets you tingly?
rkt gap up tmr?
No, I plan on holding until they expire worthless  

Edit: NIO and XPEV fell off a cliff today, everything is going exactly as planned
Buy baic 

Nio will dump unless they copy elun the saviour and perform a stock-split lol
Got a PS5 boys biggest W of the year 😂😭
I saw a movie about this once. If you buy the puts, death will follow you around and try to kill you in fantastic ways
Well Knights of PLTR I wish us all luck
That is what I come here for! Let us know how it goes?
Ayo terry, fuck goin on
Will spy gap up or gap down tomorrow
Why do we think they’re gnna kill it
Lol yessss
Bet lots of people sold NIO during the big dip, got back in again just now because of FOMO and are getting fucked again.
Credit spreads
Since 9/1 we’ve got a triple top and a double bottom on SPY, gotta get to 330 to make that bottom a triple
Don't let the dip that hurt you cost you more money. LI is dropping earnings tmmrw morning and NIO is going to piggyback off of them just like it did today with XPEV
Before you buy PLTR options please make sure you understand how Vega works. As much as I love loss porn, I don’t want to see you idiots $ROPE
Nope it's still printing.
Ya... It is irresponsible.

You could buy $500 of tsla calls and have Elon pay for your console wtf you doing buying a console you broke bitch.

Put that on monthly payments and Yolo calls. Stocks only go up.
Stimulus good for appl new phone is 1000
JBLU announces filling middle seat - naturally it's not enough to save that awful chart
Sharp share price movement = more options demand = higher price for options. 

Retards FOMO and buy at these high prices, then when stock moves slower or opposite direction = IV crush.
You holding overnight?
Disney puts for earnings the move?
Hold through ER
ICLN what you doing BB
Same here if shutdown are in the cards
355
I hope not
Calls.
the possibility is there for it to happen, no doubt. i think a large part of the crash  though was the shock factor and a lot of unknowns at the time. We generally know what we're dealing with now and know how the government might respond and for those reasons i think a similar drop is unlikely but not impossible. over the long haul i could see a slow bleed to SPY 250 but things would have to be enormously shitty. the fed support is key to it staying up and they said they will do whatever it takes.
Just do it

\-Nike
Never fuck with the mouse
Smell like bitch in here
i used this [site](https://www.kapwing.com/explore/cat-vibing-to-ievan-polkka-street-drummer-music-meme-template) for the template
Welcome friend.
Will spy pump tmr wanna yolo on calls
[deleted]
[deleted]
I hope so. I bought a handful of cheap SDOW calls. After catching some luck on my CCL calls Monday and cashing in my NIO and XPEV shares today, it’d be a fun ending to the week!
pltr puts
Thought it was Tuesday
I believe.
Can you imagine earnings are crap and it rips a new one though? 🤣 I’ll cry
You just convinced me to sell....

🤣🤣🤣
I think a buy
Considering I just bought some, let's hope not.
Lol ur fukt bro
got a dis lotto put expiring tomorrow
This
So is everything shitting the bed or just what I bought?
It broke 49 briefly but fell back.seems to always do that for a bit with big numbers like 20 and 30 too. Then it explodes past it lol .
I have 140 NIO shares from $3.8 that I am still holding. Currently up by nearly 8K. It's only the beginning with this
Yeah my timing has been garbage actually, I’ve done some of the above mentioned like PLTR but like always, I take profit early and don’t realize majority of the run up.
Moon city
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Nicaddicted the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
WHY IS NIO FREE FALLING
If you trade options use tastyworks
[deleted]
Because relatively few people actually trade after the market closes, orders tend to build up overnight, and in a rising market, that will produce an upward price surge when the market opens. But during extended declines, overnight sell orders may cause prices to plummet when the market opens.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/dirtclods the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Smooth Brains think after today that they will get a chance Pre-Market to Buy Calls on EV runup tomorrow after LI ER Before Market Open. This will get interesting REAL FAST. 

NIO $250 EOM.
[deleted]
This is the way
OP makin this meme tryna pump his $DIS Nov 13 175C. Nice try.
Your family, your wallet, your sanity. Pick one.

Buy a bit and be autistic. Don’t go full retard
I bought 10 shares for the memes on Tuesday and I'm up 18%, lol
Will spy pump tmr ???
i just made this using videopad. You have to pay to use it but there's tons of free codes online if you search for them
Just put all my spare cash on SQ FDs ... wish me luck boys
You might need to CALL an UBER before stonks PUT you out of WORK. 

I'll see myself out.
IV goes up when there is potential volatility in the future (earnings, events). As IV goes up, so does the price of the option. Once the event is over, IV generally drops significantly, regardless of the direction of the move, hence the price drops significantly and you get IV crushed. Sometimes the drop is so significant that the underlying stock can move in the right direction and you still lose money.
Welcome friend.
Will spy pump tmr ???
shit meme stock
Now
Intrinsic value is most certainly not maxed out in that scenario. There is no maximum intrinsic value. Intrinsic value will increase linearly with the price of the underlying.
kinda want to buy some LI shares to gamble with earnings...
🤡
[deleted]
I had a simular dream

35P 11/13
Half and half
[deleted]
spy being the overly attached gf to 352
BNTX.

Buy the dip.
Bought $200 worth of lotto calls. Everyone expects this shit to fall. Random vaccine news will pump this shit back to 360.
implied vol goes up dramatically leading into an event (earnings, battery day, new product launch, etc.), making option premiums skyrocket.  Options get super expensive before these events.  Once the event occurs, all the implied vol that was due to that event leaks out and the value of an option drops massively, you can lose a lot of money even if the underlying moves in the direction you thought.
Kang gang but jacked to the tits in puts rn... dunno if i should ust take profit or see what tomorrow has in store
Will spy pump tmr ?
PLTR right now #yolo
i was this close to selling and you just convinced me to hold 11/13 352.5P
Ccl leaps?
Picked up XPEV 11/20 45P let’s see how it goes

Edit: anddd it’s printing
Valid. On the other side, he’s aware of the retard strength he summons on behalf of his companies. Shorts, tequila, drills, brain net, etc. If any of those go public, they’ll moon. He knows they’ll moon too. So imagine if they needed funding? Make it public, sell some shares. [Tesla sold](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.latimes.com/business/technology/story/2020-09-01/tesla-to-sell-as-much-as-5-billion-of-shares%3f_amp=true) some shares to pay 5 billion in debt earlier, so we know he’s not against selling shares to fund capital. Company needs to be public to fund capital. I’m thinking in the next 3 years it’ll IPO
Same. I hate cash gang but I can’t decide what I want to do
http://www.trygve.com/servers02_300.jpg

Inside look at the extra server capacity WMT leased from Robinhood for PS5 launch day
Yes.
I bet Jesus was really good at stock market manipulation
ATM?
Sell or hold nio
then put a put where you dick is
Not sure, looks like we Chinese stocks now.

Getting diversified over here.
Here, I'll double it and trim your rune armour
I certainly wouldn't be complaining about 200% gains.
Boy I've lost a lot of money in this Kangaroo market
Nah just subscribe to my premium discord. I send alerts for all my trades. Just do the opposite of any position I take and you’ll make bank
life, liberty, and the pursuit of tendies
puts
Amazing
China Mobil was biggest one I think. Bunch of aerospace and telecom shit
Or we are in in a downtrend after a triple top... The big one they were talking about could be coming. Or you could get fucked by a huge jump like me on Monday lmao
Why? LI dropping earnings tmmrw. Should boost whole China EV market.
reddit
[deleted]
StonkHUB ... im loving it!
WOWOWOWOWOW
The market makers have got to get their shit together. Did no one tell them the rule about which directions stocks are specifically allowed to go?
looks like Gynese electric cars gonna dump into close
Tbh mate I can’t tell you what to do nor can I predict the market, but let’s just say I’m holding my 1/15/21’s til NIO day because I believe we will hit 70 by EOY. I’ve held through all these gains and not sold. 

If you can afford it go months out. Do your own research though and form your own analysis before you do anything.
That’s not retarded that’s genius.
DKNG Bagholding activated!

Iron hands secured!
Have you not learned to never screw with the rat?
Uhh, I may have bought in at the top 😂
With the amount of people holding calls here, probably
IV crush is when the implied volatility drops, making your option drop in value. Usually around earnings. So if you’re playing earnings, at the money, or in the money, because out the money FDs will be worthless even if it beats earnings
You will ride eternal, shiny and chrome.
G.
Now I know how all those Tesla bears felt
Nio only goes up AH
Buy TSLA 11/13 500c from me . You give $2k, You take as many FD's from me.
No, you are right.  I am lying.  I have made all the money I will ever want and don't want a penny more.
View in your timezone:  
[tomorrow at 9:40AM CST][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201113T1540?tl=**BREAKING**.%20Mickey%20Mouse%20Found%20Dead
RKT if you moon by March I will use your services to purchase a home with these tendies
NIO bout to crash AH on low volume
Wtf lmao
buybuy
[deleted]
You spelled best wrong
How'd that work out for you?
Buy or sell? (Covered calls)
How does one attain this level of autism?
Not with Li reporting tonight and Nio reporting Monday night
Holding my SPY 345P 11/20’s into tmr. Might grab a couple 1dte calls too
Bruh
My account is shit just like yours, but I would never not cash out in that much money, whatvwere you thinking, but I get it gets addicting when you're making that much money.
to me
Sell
It might blast off after earnings tbh
amzn jan calls
SPY 350p for tomorrow if you have the gonads. We need someone to be the new 14k and 28k put guy
Colleges and grade schools around me going remote
So? I’m still makin money, gains are gains dawg
17.3k. Was down 3k, down 1k now.
Why does it feel like Circuit Breakers tomorrow?
Yo, I’m up today and only watching NIO and Li. Wtf went wrong with the rest of the market today?
Chess isn’t their field but that didn’t stop them creating an engine that dominates all other engines
From future, they were good.

Really good
"Ugh he's so irresponsible, he just dropped $500 on a worthless video game console, that's such a huge waste of money"

Wsbers who just bought $10k of TSLA calls: https://imgur.com/jglcsUC.jpg
Haven’t read anything about it tbh, no opinion
i was so sick of this POS stock at the time that i set a sell order for just over my entry so i would break even which triggered in june @ 6.50 lol

i bought back in when it started to make moves so my average is still 12.93 but jesus what a shit move on my behalf
Buy PTON = sleep well at night
Stop!  My dick can only get so hard
Holding till Chinese corporate scandal
If that actually hits, im pretty sure all of WSB will long rope
Spy retard pump incoming
Did a small teeny tiny yolo
When will I get to buy some more NIO at 44...
Thx man!
Bought during the dip
Still gonna be getting them till Jan 1st
Loaded to the tits. Let’s go!!!
It depends.
PLTR puts or calls?
buying options instead of selling them?
NIO sour hour? 🤢
No?
It's when you buy high and sell low.

You can easily find a YouTube video on this btw
Same
NIO .. Nov 27th 43 Call. I'm up like 120% but I feel there's more gainz....
lockdown bad for stonk
Puts. Puts puts puts. December is going to be death. No one wants to be holding that bag in Jan. They'll probably tag NIO etc. very, very quickly with the 60 day rule in the second subsection.
so pumped for tmmrw 📈
yeah its awesome! Buy shares and sell calls on it!!
ANOTHER BEARISH MEGAPHONE
GET THIS SHIT OFF HERE? IF U REALLY HAVE 7K SHOW US SOME BIG BOI LOSS. TALKING ABOUT SOME FERRARI TIRES. SIR DO U KNOW UR WIFES FUCKING A GUY WHO CAN BUY FERRARI TIRES FOR HIS COCK
He better hope so or he's about to get permabanned for SEC violation lol
Go for somewhere early December. Even if it drops for earnings, it'll go up with the hype rn. I'm sure you'll be fine tho since that epev stock went up with its earnings
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ericp22 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What if LI earnings tomorrow are bad doe
Don’t buy right now. IV is too high, stock at all time high and had a monster rally today. You honestly could end up losing most of it. Enjoy the gains from stock for a couple day and go in with options when you see the dip.
First DKNG and now this, jeez. Good luck man. Hope 1 out of the 2 work😬
Yeah, wtf are we? Norway?
Is it stupid to hold 11/16 SPY calls overnight?
id rather buy a lottery ticket at this point🤡
it can't be explained, it can only be experienced
Are holding puts over night, on a red Thursday, before Friday 13th...... Too obvious??
Roth, not worried about it
Loaded to the tits with calls & puts.  Don’t care if it goes up or down but I hope it makes a 20% move in either direction !
long $BJ
Most things are going digital, so GME is going to be definitely not the future. Puts on GME is probably the play. It will go up with the holidays and the new systems, but once the earnings reports come out I bet it drops.
Should I hold or sell my puts
How did ur puts go up if the stock barely went down?
Maybe, maybe not
Strike and date fool
Stonk no longer make big moves?

Option down bigly.
Absolutely no basis for this whatsoever, but I had a premonition that csco shits the bed on earnings. $CSCO $34.50P 11/13
im wet
Karen's got canceled
God. I feel so bad for PLTR shorts. 15 more minutes to go.
if only there were a recent event that could serve as an example of what might happen...
Someone just dropped 2.3mil on $3200 Jan calls AMZN
13%
Give me a reason to not go all-in on SPCE right now
As low as Snoop Dog after a smoking a massive blunt
$2k, no idea where to send it
noneed, they use it to target ads.
joke's on you, I don't remember the last time my portfolio was green
You mean Fergie?
[deleted]
You wouldn’t want to go after the other Chinese EV that just jumped 35%? I imagine a minor sell off to happen
The downvotes make me stronger
Everyone seems to be happy for you regardless.
I sold mine also at 109%, not willing to risk my gains for another 100%
It was good. Sold 620c when it was @ 588 on 10/19. FVRR & PTON around the same time. Felt so good to beat those.
that's not their field. They make more money with ads.
Financial advisor? Who, stocktwats?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
RKT   23.0|1.52|1.56|1.54|0.53|72.776%


RKT 23.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc31j1f&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Too many of us are watching him, makes him nervous.
[deleted]
SPY 12/7 330P is the play.

I call this the lockdown printer.
They lost money on Mulan and park attendance is low. I kind of doubt It’ll be good but who knows, they laid off so many people their costs were probably cut significantly too
I have a dream. 2 7% CBs will hit tomorrow
I’d pay for some of that **Inside-her info**
Everything is too expensive.
I dont really care about the fundamentals. If I did, i would be buying leaps. I am merely anticipating a pull back after this insane run-up, which may or maynot happen, hence the flair is "Yolo."
spy was at 367 earlier? lmao 🤡
Calls on PLTR before earnings tonight.
[deleted]
100% is for weak hoes. 300% + or nothing
Yea but they still own all the tv shit
Think about it puts as in putting something down (meaning stock is going down)
Extra Tendie Fund
Should I hold my ACB $16 Dec16 calls??
...and that’s the expectation. Doesn’t mean they won’t go up with shit revenue as long as they beat
Ugly day, only NIO saved me.
RKT 12/18 $23c
Got some 11/20 $12.50c like a chump
Get your DKNG positions in
If QQQ >= 300 EOY I will be a wealthy man
How do you feel about LI earnings tmmrw and how they will affect NIO? Look at what XPEV did for the China EV market today.
Yes but as long as you take profit. Take 20-50% each time dont wait for the 100+ thats when memes fuck you, UNLESS you got in way early
Not anymore
i never bought calls before. should i buy $50 nio calls?
unscrupulous men
Think NIO sells off AH?
i had some pretty spicy jambalaya and have the same butthole problem.
Down less than $6 on the day (-0.32%)...
BABA....you there? ......hello?
I'm so lost whether to sell puts, and cash gang or sell puts and double down on calls.
whos bagholding baba shares. feels like we will have to wait till 2021 fml
Show us your account then. What’s your strategy
Last quarter- no revenue=moon
Didn't want to spend the time explaining TA to you.  Thr Vaccine news messed up the chart.  It is going backup.  Their story is still solid.
how will lockdowns affect appl stock
I ONLY HAVE ONE CONTRACT AAHHHHHH
5pm ET
I love you.
Awesome, that’s an IPO we all need to keep up with my!
True that
boutta cash in these amy coney barett puts
I am a DIS shareholder and even I don't have a bull case at this price. 😂 

I sold 10% of my stock hoping to buy a dip, but I don't buy puts on the mouse.
Well today was shitty for me. Did real nice off the start with NIO. Got confident and tripled my position before the sanction letter bullshit, got a little paper handsy on the second little leg down and sold to equal a loss for today.

NIO puts for tomorrow as lottos. Let’s see what kind of retard strength this has or does not have
relatively new to options, can someone ELI5 IV crush
You were right, thanks for the hard on
Last chance for PLTR earnings plays.
does the pope shit in the woods & cover up child molestation cases within the church?
you'll be banned tomorrow
my spy puts are up 70%. 

if only i had any reasonable amount of money left in my account it woulda been a good day
Yeah
Yes MAMA
After hrs
It wasnt for XPEV.
Market hasn’t closed yet, boy-o
Yes and?
Watch out for IV. Gunna need a big move to profit
I miss when we talked about lulu
Why did snap yeet
[removed]
I could cave and let the kids have a console, but not quite yet.  We bought them a trampoline for lockdown instead.
Released After hours
It's just gonna go down.
Yessir. Will buy some 11/27 345P if we pump back to 253
50 11/13 NIO 39p let's go!!!
Okay that’s fine . But you need to learn to move on. That “ doubt” is going to carry over to new options. Get rid of them and focus!!
Hoping LI can buy me a new Tundra.
NIO made big profit just like xpeng wich soar up today after they released profits so I expect NIO to go up after November 17
Puts
there, there.
So when it pumped it’s all BUYden but now that it’s fading it’s 🥭? I’m sure that 6week mandatory lockdown talk didn’t help. Rip economy
Every time I research more into election fraud I find more and more evidence that there really isn’t much to over turn a election.  

Yeah there might be a few votes here or there but not on a massive scale.  Not enough to cancel out the margins that Biden won.

And FYI I was cool with Trump and I am saying that.
335 is limit down ? Bet
The market that mooned when it was announced he lost? lmfao
If Trump overturns the election you'll have more to worry about than the stock market
Time in the market beats timing the market.
That stock doesn’t go down enough on bad news, puts have lost me a lot with those jerk trucks
Strength of the peoples republic 🇨🇳🇨🇳
ah the good ole ring of fire. I get that with wings and Franks hot sauce. tingles...
Poverty spec or a good one?
Were pltr earnings good
First week of December for us unaccredited investors, most likeu
LI calls
No joke, I'm gonna miss the random Mango dunks during trading hours. It's the random wrench in our little game of dodgeball with the MMs.
Username checks out
Lol I'm good. My plays were set when it hit 17.5, still holding tho for 11/27 18.5c
Zm is gonna absolutely moon into next week. Timed the dip today perfectly even though its up, I expected 48 by next Wednesday
Hop on some of the day trade and cfp discords. You'll get more data than possible to process. 

One speculation went as low as 24 which is almost as low as it's open if I'm remembering correctly.... But do a cross compare and you're averaging about 30-32 before stabilizing.
My golden rule: don’t buy stocks in a company I like, it’s blinding LOL.
Git gud son
Then I can't speak to what you see of the market.  In my extremely limited experience of about two decades, nothing has moved this quickly before - repeatedly.  I do not ever remember a trading environment where there were this many participants, shifting sentiments this quickly.  The ivory tower types are still using words like valuations that simply no one gives a shit about anymore.  In my two decades, Billy ScreenDoor in Arkansas has never been able to buy 1/4 of a share of WMT.
This^^
All the guac printing is done digitally
Bend the knee
Keep dumpin GOOGL, 🤑
ban
Considering its up like 40% from a month ago likely on election speculation, I imagine it still has room to slip down further overall
[removed]
Floor. They haven’t made shit.
Sold enough to get initial investment, riding rest out (disclaimer: only had 2 contracts lol)
ZM almost covered the day range in the first 5 min of trading...
Solid
The orders were insane, I guess there cheap Evs were really selling in China... the government is paying them to make factories too.
fuck the rat
I just went into some NIO puts
Anyone buying more nio at close?
I have 1k to get back all my yearly losses what’s the play guys.
Days not over yet, have faith!
Neither. AMD. - I'm biased because I'm holding AMD 2022 75c
Loaded on shares. Bought 12.5P to hedge. If it goes up, I’ll gladly eat the premium
Sometime in December 


https://marketrealist.com/p/airbnb-ipo-date-and-price/ - following here
Lol RKT blew up my account
You guys ever wonder if Google uses their supercomputer AIs to trade?
Who else when holding puts gets nervous seeing any kind of pump in SPY in the last 20 mins? Spy is crazy in the last 20 mins.
sell half
Not a smart move sir.  Don't risk what you can't afford to lose. For fuck sakes, i lost $5k this week on FD's, basically wiped off half my gains from last week.
Sell. Take the profit and use the initial investment in more puts further strukw
why I lose money everyday :(
How low is Disney going after earnings?
PS5 hasn't arrived yet and is delayed until next week. Puts on Walmart and shitty UPS.
PLTR put PRINTING 🤤
I missed the news, what city?
Why do Disney puts feel like free money? Like I literally have no fucking clue what the bull case is for this stock barely removed from ATHs. Somebody please enlighten a fellow retard
We got the notice that we’re getting shut down next Friday 🥴
I did it man 😔 idk why I sold it right as soon as I woke up. I lost like 300+ with my first option. Wish I could've bought 11/13 46 when I could've bought myself in
Should be releasing paperwork this week or next
bro you're posting here with a $100 loss? do you see what's happening around you? talk about no self awareness.
How much further do you think is a smarter/safer call?
Everything crashed in March
$NIO has absolute retard strength.
On the other hand,  Pton and atvi
Dont count Oklahoma as “most of America”, in NYC, you barely can get a closet for 100k !!
PLTR stock, GME 1DTE lottos
Imagine ER isn't priced in at this point
Buy on the dip tomorrow. I bought calls as soon as it levelled off green yesterday. Between 2-6 months out and up 50% on average
Thanks buddy. Figuring if LI delivers tomorrow at least my buy price doubles.
20??? Lmao i dont think i could do that many if i tried
Now feeling nervous about my expiring SPCE 21.5c . Though I know they will have an update tomorrow.
amzn
I never want to hear about NIO here again. Missed the whole China EV cash bonanza
I’m in the same boat, I’m thinking I’m going to stick it out until at least tomorrow, but the news isn’t looking too good plus volatility is on the rise again
word, have some upvotes thanks.
How do you create these movies with the text on them?  Is there a specific software used?
I’m hoping that’s what $PSTH buys, but that’s wishful thinking
You need a big swing either direction in most cases to still profit once IV Drops a lot
Li earnings tomorrow
80 million volume traded above $14.50 today. Very bullish if you ask me. Big boys don’t sell for losses, bet a lot of those shares are locked for $20+
LOL, hold
Joe
my bad 10k\~ doges\*
I’m very excited for AH
NEO 45 EOD
Awww thats some bs
All of ‘em. QQQ,IWM
GME dip 9 hours before console launch is an incredible buying opportunity
XPEV calls made me rich. Rolled profits into puts to get even richer 😅. Game is too easy
Anybody use a Ouija board for choosing stocks
BABA, you gonna turn this around soon...right?
Unless we somehow see another sudden drop (probably won’t) earnings are already priced in. Put your expiry out farther if you want NIO calls
I think the key is Dis+ subs
It kicks in at the next trading day, so you can go nuts in the mean time
In what world is a McLaren cheaper than a Lambo
when is that??
Nio selling off ah, rinse and repeat run tomorrow
Oh yeah. Calls on calls.
Depends on how early you get in. PLTR was right. TSLA pre split was right. NIO has been right. There’s been a whole lot of wrong though. Seems when hype gets to being echo it’s almost always time to dump.
Is it a margin account?
I‘m waiting for a dip to buy more, holding the ones I got
Scalp
$SPXS
WSB algos only return “cannot compute” now
How much did you make if you bag held since then?
thanks
I’m not getting banned again for referring to minorities
Tight, thanks.
Had chili last night for the first time in a long time. The ass is not handling it well
RIP fellow autist
Worked for me so far, comes down to timing when to get off the ride
That's not what Black Philip said.
This is kind of epic😎
It looks like it’s setting up 352 for close
[removed]
how much did that all cost?
you know it to the moon
[deleted]
In the short term I think we crack into the 340s pretty easy. Medium term is where I'm not sure how to play it. I think just legging into a short tech/long recovery leaps would probably pay out quite well and safely through 2021.
BULL TRAP BUY PUTS
[deleted]
That's the put I bought an hour ago. I'm fuck
It's up 12%, what more do you want?
No. shares
Jesus, I have 30 shares but did not expect them to blow up like this today. Hope it dips soon so I can buy more
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**KNDI**|**$7**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-06-18**|**$2.27**|**$6.885**|**90**|**121**
|**SOLO**|**$5**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-06-18**|**$1.87**|**$4.9**|**292**|**169**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfaqer1dasi0770ynwmyy1n) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/darthrayzie/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
[deleted]
Wait what was the play.
volume is crazy and big money is determined to get nio on sale while they can. But they can't deny power hour. last 20 minutes are ours.
Hold
Anyone following the AIRBNB IPO?
Fun fact the giant fluid filled areas in the left brain show that this person probably has schizophrenia. Just like all you dumbasses burning your money on imaginary calls lol!
SELL
Should I keep buying?
Tank? Again? Wait til Biden takes over
Whichever you choose will be the wrong choice
Hold
I think you mean payday loan. You can only seduce the loan officer so many times before his supervisor fires him for extending so much credit to an autist.
SOLO came out with their earnings Tuesday and it was FIRE
Green = up = good

Red = down = not good

I see no rocket science in here
Gme has one of the biggest bull flags I've ever seen
XPEV, NIO, and LI all going to rally off one another. Buy them next week.
You’re up 100% and you’re having a hard time deciding whether or not to sell?
Look at the volume on VXX...
I can not give life to that which has none. Only Black Philip can.
Not everyone...
if you believe it'll go down, you buy puts
I’d buy that whole mf ipo offering.
Shouldn’t you ask your wife?
I've done 20 day trades today and RH hasn't banned my "wage slave, less than 25k" account.
All major indices holding on for dear life! 🎪
It was never at $4.60 BOSS
Hold me
They close stores down across the globe last time.
Tech mooning tomorrow. Change my mind
🤷🏼‍♂️
[deleted]
there is xpeng. look carefully
you and me both
🙏
How are we feeling about PLTR earnings. Do I get in on some cheap calls rn?
In calls?
Stay down spy, STAY THE FUCK DOWN
Uvxy tells you all you need to know about tomorrow
dunno about shorts but im going long vix for sure
Might add another before close.
Me and my 1 share 😎
Brilliant! Just show a positive Covid test within 2 months and all aboard the immunity express
daddy 😩💦😩
Good luck getting your pistol out with your Tuna Can PP! Shenanigans.
it's only 3 puts, will sell it tomorfow if there's a dip
+1 same...
40? How much did you pay!?
GUH
Scared. Very scared.
Yeah man, I heard that they were packed the other day.
Woah now, too much dip on ur chip
That’s retarded as fuck but god damn do I hope you print
I don’t think Elon needs the money he needed with Tesla and he hates markets. So not so soon
Just open a debit spread on an etf. Best way to build/rebuild
I have spy calls, please consider my feelings
Same
That's not a real question
Doubled deliveries, record orders, more storefronts.
Lol.... You can't be serious.

Tbf, I haven't had a losing month since starting with trading the vix and I lost $500 on that maybe tops, which I made back by learning to trade vix/vxx. So I had cheap tuition.
I’ve sold nio calls prematurely, that have gone on to make thousands of dollars because I’m a little bitch
[deleted]
Ah thank you
PTON too please
i am retarded but thanks
Yeah.... ur fucked
Yeah that way you can lose 6k in a week rather than making 600 in a month.
Guys when is Onlyfans IPO
Quick EV puts or no??? XPEV up 40% in one day is bound to come down
I’ve been smoking the devils lettuce so yes
live to fight another day
Really hope ZM keeps pumping for a while I missed my chance to short it from the top but looks like I may get another shot at it
Buy the dip on GME or PLTR stock?
Yeah it’s tanking after earnings.
No there are several fantastic reasons.
it's a meme that went up 40% while still not making money. Yeah, I know the future is EV but for the next couple days, i think a pull back is due. We'll see.
Woof, I'm having a hell of a time deciding if I hold these puts overnight or sell them now up 100%. I think we're in an uptrend, which makes me want to sell, but bad news doesn't seem to quit right now.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ZM   600.0|1.65|1.85|1.75|1.39|92.254%


ZM 600.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc30yy0&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
If it's still ITM by more than your cost basis, you're positive.  But IV contributes to the value of the option.  Since IV has gone away, you only have the intrinsic value left.  So it'll be positive, but only in terms of real money, and there's no "excitement" value.
So I’m going to hold some PLTR leaps but is it time to sell shares with another potential crash coming next week?
sorry for the delay, but at this point theta decay is on my side. The massive sell off helps a lot today. Thanks for joining the discord will talk to you there
Sell or hold nio march 20 50c?
Wait for it to hit 4.50
Damn that's actually a good call. If i had more money id be right with ya
[deleted]
I tried shorting nio 2 weeks ago... Didn't go well so you are gonna have the same treat with xpev
ready for these PLTR earnings!!!
NIO making me FOMO calls
Not as tasty as expected, time to average down at 3:59
I guess it hits different when you have an 800k portfolio versus $14 in PLTR and a McDouble.
*grabs popcorn*
The very fact everyone thinks it's going to run, means it won't.
AMZN with the tease. Almost at my break even and now dropping
"Shares"
Yeah I just looked it up that’s not true
ZM to the 🌙 

Schools closing quickly
Why would it moon when it’s near ATH already for some reason? I don’t see how they go up unless analysts expectations are fucking stupid low.
Execute pussy
NIO's October sales were already pre-released just like XPEV. Interesting no one picked up on that. XPEV moved 40%+ today on ER. NIO had similar success in October. 

NIO $250 EOM.
Bought ZM 11/27 600c at open... up 118% nice
ive been in since 9am
Anything anyone cares about?
As of now trump is currently suing for 57 votes.... he’s done for.
Their board of governors alone is more than that, and they have around 75 job postings currently. Not sure how many employees they have exactly but it ain't two.
I'd wait for acb to reach a point where it seems fairly calm and then I'd make a long term call on it. I imagine once the election woes are finally over it'll see a push upward. Right now its too volatile, at least for my tastes.
If you still want directional exposure to underlying buy new options after selling these
🔥🔥🔥
I’ve tried explaining this to people but I don’t think retards here know what you’re even saying
Whisper is that park revenue is going to be off the charts
You’re fucked m8. More fucked than that shitty pilgrim family.
No good reasons to tip expectation in favor of green or red tomorrow
If i had an otm spy put for everytime i heard this id be broke
Anyone selling their NIO calls today? I’m kinda worried LI shuts the bed lol
All solid meme stocks
How many of you paper handed puts in BA this morning, or jumped into calls only to be fucked by the reversal?
[deleted]
Feel free to go take the other side of my bet. If you’re right, you make money, I won’t hold it against anyone.
I got some 20c expiring tomorrow 

YOLOOO
Come on Jack PAPA
SE call, anyone ?
Tomorrow.  Break even is $12.66 or $17.34.  Cost $234.00. Can’t lose it all so why not roll with it.  Hope for a once a lifetime snap pump or bynd tank.
Take it back
Just by experience, NIO will continue to go up until a few trading days before earnings. People will cash out. And then it'll melt down further after the 17th.
No! Not sell! Keep! Crack-up-boom incomming. Stonks to moon. Mooooooooon!
In perspective, we’ve risen from 26K (his last tweets about the market being strong) to 29K so......
PLTR shares and short puts.  My body is ready.
Good luck bro
COURT DECISION:

LMAO FUCK YOUR CALLS
Been sideways all week. Flip a coin.
Commerce Dept. Announces Stay of TikTok Shutdown Order

F!!
Bought 20 SPX 3505 puts for 5.00 a pop this morning. Just sold 20 SPX 3465 puts for 5.10 each. Worst case I make $200 at close tomorrow, best case I make $80k. Let's fuckin' tank, SPX.
What’s good with pltr why should I cop
All in on calls
When SpaceX IPOs: calls in Space X, puts on virgin galactic.
Buy and hold. Once they decriminalize marijuana at a federal level (and I have no doubt it will happen now) it'll boom.
could be
Am I "sure" that he can't see the future? You must be trolling lol

He bet that it would go up and he paid off, it's gambling, that isn't a prediction. We all know that. You can't tell me the man was irrational for cashing out on a 30k upside because he could not reasonably have predicted how far it would go up.
Close at 350 would be marvelous
Please take profits
That's why I hate investments I can only afford 1 share of. I can't cash in a little and let the rest ride. 

A great example tho is AMD. I could've bought when it was 2.50 a share cuz I always liked them but I was talked out of it (shit company, shit chips, penny stock REEEEE). I was going to buy 10,000 shares, a giant chunk of my inheritance. I didn't. It just kept going up and up and up. I've kicked myself about it, but I can't change the past. It does make me wanna die a little, but I don't think about the fact that if I sold at 90 I could've turned 25k into almost a mil because I'd quadruple down on $ROPE if I did.
weed going up next 2 years
Xpev is the new NIO. Get in early.
they will provide fantastic guidance you will see

whole world gearing for war against gyna
I sold my 🐭 puts for bitch gains and held tech calls. 

Why am I retarded
If you hold till expiry you won’t get any time value, only intrinsic value. Since you’re already ITM, the intrinsic value is maxed out, so you’re just gonna theta decay until expiry unless you get fucked hard and it goes OTM. Better to sell now and avoid risk
NIO Put FDs
So much for NIO $50 EOD, maybe if we get lucky NIO EOW $50????
but not yet
Just pooped, drank preworkout, immediately have to poop again. This is my life, stocks and pooping
Nba draft in a couple of days now & NBA season starts on Dec 22.  DKNG is bound to go up
I'm all in Cisco call lottos 

Pray for me
I was replying to you not to him.
people realize relatively quickly that amounts of money they thought were large really aren't.   


In reality as a middle class joe life changing money doesn't kick in until at least like 200k, and even then that's not going to keep me from having to go into work most likely.
It’s a good potential winner for weed stocks but it’s the same risk as any other really. I have Jan calls.
Fading Mango Market  [🤡](https://emojipedia.org/clown-face/)

  


###
IVDA has to be insider
that was part of the joke
Oh! Most definitely!
Been in since early October - would’ve posted DD but mods banned me. Funnily enough my best month has been when banned on WSB. +GRWG, +NIO, +GE
Average American salary is like 50k? Not that impressive unless we are talking average salary in finance?
a lotta softies have joined this year unfortunately
[deleted]
ZM if you do not close above 434 I will show you my Winkle 😡
This
Highly fuckin doubt it, but good luck
why short one when you can short them all?  JETS
I mean, I have 20c expiring tomorrow, you should be good.

Np, I took one for the team
Similar, but more retarded
Load up on BLNK before liftoff
I’m listening
Remember the plan tomorrow morning boys, NIO will dip around 9:45-10:00, that’s your opportunity to scoop up some calls..I recommend the 11/13 50c
I really hope Disney doesnt do well in earnings. Thats like half my portfolio if it does.
Remember when they were worried about algo scraping and now we all openly shout one ticker from the rooftops
Look what happened prple/hrtz/slv/gld/rkt/weed. It's going to inevitably happen as us wsb peeps crowd them. The question is when? Could be tomorrow, or the next day, or the next day, or [the next day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHIX7O8wQNQ)
WSB is the biggest EV ETF.
Do y’all think trend following works majority of the time? Like if WSB is big on a stock, just buy in and let it ride.
I don’t have high expectations... if the numbers are bad rip my money though 🤡
[deleted]
I’ll sell you some
It makes sense and should go down.. you are fighting against retard strength though.
$500 easily next week
So I should not be a puss and hold probably.
it’s the easiest online casino to use imo
Just want to put it out there that the $3k loss you can claim against income ain’t cutting it anymore
die, SPY. DIE!!
Coming from someone who took a 90k account to 30k right now, don't keep dumping in positions.

Take your wins, no matter how small, and be happy to move to the next play.
[deleted]
Wait, what?
Am I an autist or does this unnatural bull run in an uncertain time not scream bubble that’s been supported by heavy speculation and federal stimulus and will pop leaving everyone broke and crying?
Looks like i dont have enough time
you fucked up there, the goal is to hit 25k not 50k and then yolo it all
😬
Yeah all in now
I'm about even on BABA (shares).... But I have a feeling that china now has a vendetta against Jack Ma.
YOLO
I'll pistol whip the next person that says shenanigans.
BABA when are you going to go up again?
I need to get all my money in equities so I quit spending it on new computer parts and tvs lol
based on wut?
Been in since $4.60 boss...
[deleted]
$XPEV put ? Dammm bruh that’s ballsy after how NIO and Tesla played out, did you even do did on xpev?
Disney is the pedophile stock owned by all the elites and institutions.. only way this goes down is for the purpose to buy in cheaper, otherwise it’ll moon
mouse dying -- puts printing

god I hope someone knows something
just bought some flaming hot cheetos, so good
Anyone in for Amwell ($AMWL) earnings? Its Telehealth in a pandemic. Plus we’re hearing possible second wave. Also I read that mental health telehealth demand is super high.
sell at close
Why tf would the market tank if election was overturned, where have you been for the last 4 years
You mean dropping in price on low volume isn't a good thing?
Because it was $70 a year ago and you paid $450 for it
so crazy to look at my trade history and see orders like buying 1000 shares @ 5.34 in april 2019 and being down thousands of dollars bagholding this shit, to seeing what it is today.  what a ride.
https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/

31 companies that are blackballed
Graph going wrong direction, glitched app. You’ll never reach boss fight w/ glitched game.
22 put spread and then buy the 30 call spread.. perhaps those..
[deleted]
We need an r/memestocks

r/MemeStockMarket is not good enough
At that point just suck up the PDT and open up an account somewhere else lol
>will put microchips in your urethra

you say that like it's a bad thing...
If you got profit, roll into LEAPs
Obvious bear trap
I fully expect it to dip at least to 13. But I hope it drills so I can buy back in at 10 or even 9. We all know this shit is gonna go to 20 this year on hype alone. The ER is just gonna slow it down a bit.
What $FSR can't get any love? Shit's been mooning.
Baic
nice tesla opportunity
I think they report as well as XPEV but I wonder if there's much more room to run.
Pltr puts?
They’ll be great but wrong price IMO
Hold the line soldier
65 It’s yolo time baby
Damn thx I'm new to this shit. Do you have the link to the speculations saying it could go that low? Just curious.
they dont want to incentivize boomers to lick doorknobs and cough on each other
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/11/rocket-companies-ceo-tech-investments-drove-record-loan-volume-in-q3.html

CEO uses all the magic keywords: platform, capacity to scale operations. This can't go tits up.

Can't wait till the partnership with a major financial institution is officially announced.
lol sounds like I did the right thing. I had some 10k shares and 100 calls when it came down to 2 in march. I gave enough time and sold all calls and shares at 3. I kept 3 shares just to track and remember the prices I sold. And now everydday I look at my 3 shares
Whys that
It already had the run😂a couple of times😂😂
Not a clue.  And if people were honest, they'd tell you the same.

I missed out on about $1000 of AMZN's run trying to guess the top.
Haha no
Nio continues to climb
Sell everything and buy puts
How we feelin about dking earnings?
That German manufacturer is going to build them
Cheers.
Rofl, if you're losing money in this market you literally suck. Even retarded plays work.
Flatter than your moms ass
Funny thing is my mom works in the transportation department of a school district lol
Bears scraping the very last honey from their mouldy jars before vaccine is approved later in month & new stimmy takes shape
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326987018157629441?s=19

Lol. Tik tok cucked trump.
I think they are going to surpass earnings and the stock will drop.  Shit was priced in last week...
I'd sell this...  


I'm holding 11/20 wondering if I should hold over the weekend and sell before earnings or sell now and take 40% profit........
[deleted]
https://imgur.com/a/VykoJlu
Why would she need to buy you one I'm sure you've made plenty of money being on wsb and all
oh okay so buy puts? I just watched a video about options this morning, Im still tryna wrap my head around stuff.
you don't fuck with the mouse sooo puts
🐻 brother watching
no THATS risky. Good luck though,Lad.
u high if you think zm back to 500 - is that close enough?
My time will shine once market drops like a fucking bitch on all of you! 🥱
ZM to $450 tomorrow
I sense the need of a go fund me.
[deleted]
I have sacrificed my goat to Black Philip. He is pleased. NIO will gap down to $42 tomorrow.
[deleted]
I wouldn't do it.. I'd trade it after it moves big maybe or just look for cheapest otm options? but with good strikes..

22 put and 30 call. like that..  maybe even a spread so buy 22 put, then sell the 19 put 

and then 

buy the 30 call and sell the 45-50 call
Well, I bought into Tesla at 200$ a long while back and sold at 400$, doubling my money was more than enough to wet my tip. You can imagine my frustration and the scarring that was induced in the next few months, so i'm sort of imagining Nio as a second chance into that.
[deleted]
Not NIO
more rkt calls
Fair, thanks for the advice
Usually... this ain’t a usual case
yup. hard. and then recovered hard within a few days. all signs point to tendies. But you need time.
PLTR earnings is the new quad witching
i call cabs sometimes
[deleted]
Kayleigh is so hot NGL. This should be bipartisan.
I have my puts ready
[deleted]
👀
I have about 45k in XPEV now.  I would never buy into this position now but I'm also not selling anything. I think that means I'm irrational
Rip
Dude, sell a put against your option. Your losses will be minimized and you will probably escape the IV crush too
Same buy calls at the same strike and as long as theta gang doesn’t show up you are good
dogecoin is still a thing? 

i still have like 10k\~ shares lmao
feels bearish but watch moderna drop that heat on us by surprise
Date and strikes
Please sir
If you’re getting any time value sell ASAP
BREAKING:

BULLS DEMAND A RE-PUMP.

BEARS FILE MOTION TO BLOCK.
same, i have CSCO.. no idea if ill get IV crushed
Final yolo: 85x NIO 49p 11/13, break even 47$ tomorrow. Lets fucking go.
Everybody still buying NIO when XPEV is the new boss 🤡
Hope you’re right. Thanks
[deleted]
look at any chart. only goes up
I dont bet against America so I cant relate to the rest of you
I got a formal warning for a one letter comment. I said "G."

https://imgur.com/a/VykoJlu
I was thinking the same. Bought 330p for December as a hedge.
Tim Dillon is that you?
I got a formal warning for a one letter comment. I said "G."

https://imgur.com/a/VykoJlu
Can we go back to pumping Yesla?
Hell id go on a covid cruise
There is no god
I got a formal warning for a one letter comment. I said "G." https://imgur.com/a/VykoJlu
I lost almost 90% of my portfolio in August because of NIO. I YOLOd on NIO calls during the first week of July, 8-21 expiration, and I am STILL down over $3000 from that cheap Chinese piece of shit. Ofc after my calls expired NIO started soaring. I'll give everyone a warning if I decide to buy a NIO call again, bc it is sure to crash & burn immediately thereafter
elon?
Fuckin nice bro
Lol. Never really liked the guy on CNN.
Watching Nio these past few weeks when i went in on Hyln calls instead, makes me feel like the one kid who owned a Dreamcast while everyone was playing with their Playstation 2.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|0.04|0.05|0.04|0.03|138.824%


NIO 60.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc30knj&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
What’s happening tomorrow pls give your edict
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SQ   200.0|0.67|0.7|0.73|-0.69|54.021%


SQ 200.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc30kmj&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
If you didn’t panic sell, buy in, and panic sell again today what were you doing?
Tesla at 420 tomorrow?? O.o
[deleted]
XPEV and Li could double stock price and be almost at NIO market cap
LOL IMAGINE 🍊 TWEETS NOT TO WORRY, THE MARKET IS STILL GOING STRONG 💪
I figured but the timing is ridiculous figure it would be at least a couple seconds delay.
Profits fool holding through earnings is usually dumb
More rkt calls
348 spy bottom
STraight thru ER Bruh... TSLA? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Well thats why, you got too many people needing your attention to play video games even if you wanted to. Puts on your free time lmao
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   49.0|1.4|1.42|1.42|1.25|107.24%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 49.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 49.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc30k2x&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Ok bois Vroom just got dicked into the ground today. Do you think I should buy?(I don't have any money in it yet)

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt27rf
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt27rf) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/freshjohnson69, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
freshjohnson69
OverpricedBagel
Loen2002
Whoknowsx94
how will aapl get affected from lockdown
I saw this and bought x13 48P 11/13 @ 1.14 :)
Must be new here
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
It was an election year. They are a data collection company. No way they're tankin
What is your source for this information? I don’t believe that’s true the PDT rule is to protect individual investors
YOLO NIO 11/13 $60c
SQ 11/20 $200c
This is why this is the best reddit group.  You retards make this boomer laugh like a mother fucker.
yes
Oh they’ll be another chance lol
Bezos is gonna use her to infiltrate the Chinese e-commerce market and make BABA a goddamn penny stock.
SNAP FDs  expiring tomorrow, mmmm tasty
[deleted]
Is this a bear trap? I have ptsd from last week
Because facial scrubs are patriarchal oppression
so if your call/put goes ITM after earnings but the IV goes down overall.. cause earnings are over.. are you still good and smart for holding or fucked by the crush?
Well which one do you think has more semen that's not ops in it
I don't see any problems with that
[deleted]
Thanks, man. Honestly, I have no idea what I'm doing. I've just been buying and holding. Tesla was stagnant for too long and decided to switch. Too chickenshit to fuck with options. Any tips?
I got 2 puts making me a lot of money right now. Cisco and spy. Should I pull out now?
It’ll jump bigly now I think after that fake dump
If your use of commas is any indication of intelligence, inverse this shit.
How long should i keep it ITM before excersozing or selling?
friendly reminder don't fuck with the mouse
Confused
MMs are rotating out of stocks & into scalping PS5s
Yuuuup
can't even spell chromosomes.
Yes 🤡
[deleted]
take a lesson from me and just don't get out of bed after sex to go play it

can still remember the fight back in college when I did that
What? Nah i made good bucks! That was then, this is now though.
Username checks out 😌
i swear its gonna drop so hard, i bought a nio lotto for tomorrow
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What strike?
where's the autism ETF that's where i belong
Holy shit was this guy right
You mean the girl who shit her pants?
congrats and fuck you
Fosho
Lmao I’m up 70% on my 11/20 130p for Disney but don’t have any day trades imagine if they beat earnings I’m gonna $rope
ur welcome!
So what you think?
Dude go look at Fsly today.  Hit 77, over 76 now
Yup
I used to laugh at these losses and then I imagine myself being the one to lose that much money and it just feels sad......and then I come back to my sense and realize I'm not this fucking stupid 😂😂😂😭😭😭
Predictions for LI tomorrow pre-market?
gme cause the new consoles or cause lockdown?
Robots make cars now duh
Zoom calls it is
😂😂😂
Y’all know LI has earnings tomorrow
I feel wrong buying puts. Forgive me
Fuck that pussy
I think it's going to $40 soon...
[deleted]
Secure the bag
Anyone pretending like all covid info was readily available from the start should be committed for trying to drive that shitty narrative. 

Many months later and no one really knows.
Stocks aren’t real. The Libs invented stocks to distract you from their attempt to steal donny’s toupee. If you try to withdraw money from stocks bill gates and George soros will put microchips in your urethra
AMZN been dicking me over for the last month
It’s deleted but I know exactly which comment that was lmao, it had the first 2 letters of NIO right?
No surrender. No retreat. To Hell or Valhalla on a SPY FD.  Isn't that like, the way?
same
23k after Uncle Sam
WHAT, I turn my head away for ONE hour and nothing happens?
F
Yessir
NIO volume over 320mil 😳🕶🤏
me.
The elevator
F
[deleted]
How can you be sure you’ll even be able to sell those contracts? I’m always scared about holding itm calls too long
concession speech will prob be like a 3rd election bump though right
Mango fake MRNA Pumps come Monday.
Some are speculating it could go as low as 30. If it hits close to that maybe but not before
F
Whenever nio and other EVs go up so do they
You sure about that?  He predicted that it would go up.
Exp 11/27 though, I’ll probably set a stop loss
IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING
Were you not around since March or were you one of those guys shaking their fist at the market for not crashing further because it's supposed to be lower because something something about the economy and fundamentals and therefore you missed out on the once in a century 60% whipsaw within 90 days while you sat on the side complaining that the market is acting irrationally and it's all because of dumb kids and their robinhood money?
Add some comfy furniture in there too
I don’t know. I think institutions have the major holdings. This stock is underpriced and will probably go on a run at some point soon. Share buyback gives rocket some limited control to alter momentum and is generally bullish.
But your long position should’ve also been up 800%, right?
Nio eow
Confuscius says, buying puts on nio and xpeng gonna make u broku like roku
Still time to buy zoom
selling puts would be bullish, that's the opposite of what your own thread is about
that's gonna take a big move to be profitable
Hope you boys didn’t sell too early like me :)
can u buy me a pizza pls
Man why am I such a degenerate? Built up the play account from $3500 to $9600 in the past month and a half. Got greedy and wanted to make $50k overnight. Opened at $450 this morning. Back up to $1600 today on two SPY trades.

Time to start the grind back up. -\_\_-
[deleted]
Wtf is ETF? Earth terror forces?
How come none of those communist girls ever look as clean as kayleigh
NIO gang we holding after hours?
Fidelity?  That is truly gay
Tell her boyfriend to get you an x too
sooooooooo are we crashing or are we just sadly deflating
holding
Stock gaining: stonks only go up! Buy!

Stock dips: buy the dip! Buy!

This sub is sure something
Derightful
I’ll jump into that pool
Theyve already made plenty
ZoOOOooooOOoOoM
Who’s Keeping Lyft up?
Spy and ndaq dropping -0.10% turdbullets while walking.  
Vix up 15% today.  
Retards in here “HURRR BULL FLAG BULL FLAG” 🤡🤡🤡
https://youtu.be/GtUVQei3nX4
[deleted]
Algos.
How sway . Paper hands gonna drop that shit hard
This is one of the hardest lessons to learn.  To know when to hang on and when to bail.  If you’re long a stock it’s because you think they are going to be profitable at some point in the future.   Define when “the future” is and what “profitable” is.   If they don’t meet that by that time frame then sell.
Definitely. I read some crazy stat about that recently but sometimes you got to let your winners ride
Flip it over to give yourself confidence
Call me crazy but why don't the cruise lines offer cruises to people who already got Covid. There are tens of millions of them now
Rip your portfolio but can you imagine thinking those numbers are remotely accurate 🤡
How so?
Idk what stocks you're looking at, but if they're trending negative, then sure. But my account has been bright green all day today, so idk if call credit spreads are good. I wouldn't since I don't pay as much attention to the boomer stocks
Hard to see a pump after a huge run up
[deleted]
That though dwells on me every time I look at it. Massive regrets
Bought the dip two hours ago, and it dipped more. Honestly should have just YOLOed on NIO calls pre-earnings.
Makes you wonder how can something that doesn't exist pull a trick.
[deleted]
$53,000 in 6 days.  

NIO and IVDA baby.

[gainz](https://imgur.com/a/iH5BlsU?s=sms)
[deleted]
Doesnt say what it was
SPY gapping down tomorrow
Puts
and ofc Trump and or Biden are gonna be present again and Biden most likely says how space is important and blah blah shit like that
[deleted]
NO ACB THE OTHER WAY
200% of 25% is still only 50% of the original investment 😁
That was I thought three days ago
Lol what did it say
a useless networking site that people think helps them find work lol
Yea but you forget that people are retarded, can't read past a 2nd grade level and will think their 3 shares of NIO are getting taken away
that's gonna be my sons name
At least 10
Power half hour! Gets my d hard let’s go!
Another subsection of the population is so fearful they'll take anything
If NIO could lose 25% of its value in the next 15 minutes that would be great
Huh?
Dude.. take the profit
Yes
It may be wise not to base your investing decisions off of what Robinhood tells you. Fisker does not only have 2 employees.
NIO
Well.. they ain’t wrong
**Load up on NIO and ZOOM calls for tonight...you will be very delight you did!!!!!!**
puts, does that mean buy or sell puts?
Initial was $10 in SONN which didn’t fare well
Yeah, he was jelqing on the zoom.
6 Day trade to take profit today.
Thanks for the reply!
Chinese EV are better, TSLA's value derives from its autonomous driving IP (which of course makes it the much more valuable company).
Your contract is so far ITM that your greeks align with share value now. There's nearly no difference between a share price gain vs. your contract gain.

Usually when this happens and you're still bullish, you're supposed to sell and re-buy. If you want to maintain leveraged appreciation. Or stick with your stock-like appreciation.
I've learned to take things at face value, and try not to let my conspiracy brain take over on shit anymore. Government is saying lockdowns are imminent. There will not be a crash like last time but this shit is not staying at all time highs thats for sure. SPY 320 after CA announces lock down isn't out of the question. We were just at SPY 326 like two weeks ago...
Got in late and mad because literally last night i was like "Hey, 1st thing in the morning, GRWG" and then I cucked myself
Just looked. With those IV’s hell fucking no. Might grab some stock tho
Tell that to my stock I bought at $52
Every single daily chart of TSLA looks like a bull flag - sharp rise up in the premarket into open and then consolidation and slow fade into oblivion without the flag coming into play
it got deleted, post it again so we can see what you said
Send me nudes of her and ill venmo you the money for one
NIO EOW calls
I stayed away from LI and have been in on NIO and XPEV due to better info on them
I sold NIO last week at 35 =[
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_12_2020/gc0fmpx/
because you're here instead of on a yacht.
Huh
Just take a look and fucking buy in.
definitely one of the more graceful spy dumps I've seen
weak vol
Im up on nio but im trying to pay for school i need an additional $5k in case i need to buy calls in $ROPE
Lmao fair enough. I too have some FDs
It has almost half the shares outstanding, so market cap is still much lower.
$20 more to go AMZN you can do it mayne
Any of you sitting on some big gains or short expirations - highly urge you to take some profits or reduce your exposure.. it’s not looking great for the near future
UAL steady drilling since the fake vaccine pump.  Switched to 🌈🐻 on Monday with 18Dec 39p, who else is playing the airlines?
[deleted]
Tattoo on forehead
Might as well buy 20 shares thx
lol what? I'm just some stay at home 24 year old. That right now doesnt have much life and browse reddit here and there.
83,000% gains? Man imagine if you used real money
Lol everyone want out of this shit😂😂
Regretception
120% in a week. I guess it does pay off to be a 🌈🐻 from time to time!!
PLTR call
Need a push here or I’m gonna suck d next to the local porta John lol
GRWG MAKE IT RAIN BABY
Got puts?
ACB drill team reporting for duty!
Dreaming of that glorious 4.7% up on my whole portfolio day right at the beginning
WSJ claimed there were 31 companies
bought it today. let's see what'll happen.
Looks like we're gonna close below support on SPY and DIA.  Gonna be a bloodbath tomorrow...
Tomorrow we open green, trade flat, and dump the last hour
unconfirmed. Q1 most likely
Easiest way to lose money
Just checked premiums

Oh yeah that's why I don't fuck with zoom
what yall buying
This has to be the BABA bottom, right..?
Jesus man lol
Hell no! Ask her husband to get you some games too
Hey everyone just want to clarify, I didn’t buy $141K worth of calls, I’m saying that 141K of the 11/13 50 calls were bought today... I like NIO but I’m not insane...
What's the thing this guy is from I forgot to keep the link.
Yea they make cars
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2020-12-12 20:31:30 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-12%2020:31:30%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jt2hvk/spacex_is_sending_some_stocks_up_this_saturday/gc302qe/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjt2hvk%2Fspacex_is_sending_some_stocks_up_this_saturday%2Fgc302qe%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-12%2020%3A31%3A30%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jt2hvk)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Why do I have the feeling that Nio is going to drop like a rock
Not if she really loves you
Not priced in for sure.
> Rule Violation: Warning for Promoting Hate

> We’ve been alerted that you’ve violated Reddit’s rule against promoting hate in the following content.

> Link to reported content: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/comment/gc0cz8v

Really, guys?
If the market ever truly crashes, it will start with some smug trader yelling “bear trap”
PA goin to DJ, eh? if so, puts on excea
What’s your position I’ll hop in the same one
CNBC says people aren't even getting their measles vaxx - and you really expecting a COVID vaxx to be successful
[deleted]
Could've?

**COULD HAVE?**

This ain't no "could have" gang.
Console cycle did nothing, my Jan calls are dead I already made up my loss with Nio so I haven’t been flipping out about it. Shorts are going to cover since they have total control over the price without any meaningful buy volume. 

Long term they’re probably going to have a good turnaround story but that’s not helpful to WSB style.
selling would be safer if you took profits already
BREAKING NEWS 

&#x200B;

WE WILL NOT RALLY AFTER HOURS

SPY WILL FALL OVER NIGHT AND OVER THE WEEKEND LOCKDOWNS WILL HAPPEN MORE

&#x200B;

DO WHAT YOU WANT WITH THAT INFO
Yeah, but so what?
Google "market cap"
It has one fewer letters than Nio, for sure. Puts all the way.
VIX booming 😏
Took $8k profit on NIO because I have a bad feeling about after hours and plus tomorrow’s Friday so I expect the typical sell off at which point I’ll buy back in.
What was the initial deposit 25 cents
[removed]
[deleted]
Let’s goooo
Bro I already bought RKT 25 calls 12/24 for .50 a piece  . I also bought 11/20 Spy 333p for .47 so all in all today’s a good day. I’m holding everything until I get atleast a 2bagger or expire worthless.
Took profits on NIO on the dip. They are may calls but them being up 100-200% and Trump stirring shit with China might as well take some profit
What makes a pump fake? Softball or MM manipulating? So whats a real pump then? Only retail investors driving up a price?
Obviously...
had 12 11/13 50c at .27 this morning sold at .40. then just watched it go up all day lmao
That's not the way you do it, fucking degenerate.
Love me some doordash
I want to see more red in my portfolio it’s a little concerning. Give me some true autist calls to spice it up. No 🏳️‍🌈🐻 stuff I only want calls so gimme some more
Me all day today watching the $47 11/13 I sold at .5 yesterday go up to 3.20
if there's a reason for DIS calls it is Disney+ subs, not parks revenue
Why does your Robinhood look fucked up
Hold fam. Holding my 30 C 1/15/21’s til around NIO day. We could hit 70 by EOY
[deleted]
Rocket did get rejected at 22 and easy to see why, huge sell lots right before it.
When? After earnings? I don’t think so lol even if they do it was better to sell today and not get iv crushed lol
AH moonment on ZM gonna be wild
China EV Specials ALL WEEKEND Highlighting NIO as TOP DOG. 

NIO $250 EOM.
[deleted]
Well, they would know better than I would.
I’m holding Jan calls.
Yeah, just like we priced in the fact that China was getting fucked by COVID and supply lines out of China were ravaged in late January/early February.
Xpev put? Burn your money next time it’ll keep you warm.
So buy CCL leaps now?
[removed]
CDC says that masks protect you from the virus. 

Bruh, I literally have no words.
That’s her job king
Anyone got any spreads for nio going into 11/20
Ya... I am full fomo now. Nio/xpeng gonna hit tsla valuations (even 1/3 of tsla is still a huge return)
Praying for you good sir
$800 power hour play?
Turk 5k into 2k. 

Profit 2k. Nice
I've done same :)

OP is just upset that his dumb ass is fucking bag holding
I like it
because XPEV has cars the gen pop can afford, more bullish long term on XPEV
Yeah just deposit $25k and you won’t have to worry about it 👍🏼
Gonna grab SQ 180 calls for tomorrow.
Wish and airbnb gonna make bank
RemindMe! 30 Days
11/13 CISCO PUT?
ok and why?
 Buy ✍️ every ✍️ NIO ✍️ dip ✍️
NIO xpeng li the Holly trinity
I sure hope so man
Sir this isn’t google, but I’d assume is something similar to a chemical peel that removes surface layer skin on the face
Yes
Sell the rip
Gotta be tomorrow or today
Fuck you and die
For real..almost there!!
Where do you think there going?
Bought a straddle on pltr at $15.  Move violently in one direction please.
Can someone help explain when I try to get a fill on a wide spread by going up a little bit from the current bid, literally the second I hit submit on Vanguard or Robinhood there are already like 20+ orders for my new bid.
Why did they lock you out?
Alright boys, any shame in asking my gf to buy me a ps5?👀
My ZM FD returned 100%
Did everyone here make money on NIO except me?
ZM 430/440C spreads are underpriced
[deleted]
Holding AMWL for earnings tonight (they're like TDOC).
There isn’t a church anymore, Joey Diaz is on the East coast
bro i am my own EV ETF  fuck you meaan??
&#x200B;

My thoughts EXACTLY
AMAT calls for earnings
Expiration?
Hey guys the cuck is here!  Positions or ban
Bro XPEV gained nearly 15$ and is on track to only give one back
hold will be 60 eow
Idk about the Nio puts. But long calls on AAL made me a ton of money the other day.
it really is
Come on, you saw the price, you know tomorrow😂😂
steaming shit ya, this thing is dumpin
Me too, almost exactly. Preparing myself for the long, painful climb back up.
It really do be like that
So what Chinese companies work with the Chinese military? 11/11 singles day!
Sell
A+
So basically take 108% profit now or gamble on LI and NIO ER. Does anyone know anything about LI lmfao
They make cups?
Load up on BA puts and SNAP calls. You are welcome 😘
Also is this fool some hedge fund MM fuck pretending to be “hi fellow kids” ban this idiot
Said every  🌈🐻 every day since April.
When is the actual merger?
Any rich person want to venmo me $5k so i can make a bag real quick
Glad to know i'm not alone :)   
Sold my 43c's yesterday because i'm a chicken.
Terrified to hold overnight
Earnings dump gonna be a stinky one
are we expecting li to pump after earnings or this is it?
Selling or holding overnight on NIO? I need perspectivess
We need some insider DD on that list of companies in Section 4.a(i)
got 100 shares at 411 this morning
Guys Walt Disney parks opened during the quarter they’re reporting and Gina + Europoor parks had as well. Dis calls 💯
Nah they just learned to leverage the term AI for the stock bump. Zero chance they have anything close to Tesla.
Could cash out but gonna ride Nio cause it’s more fun
Getting fucking spit roasted by Mango and Zuck right now.
[removed]
You bought puts on nio why don't you just throw your money in the river
XPEVVVV
Time to get into COVID stocks guys, get your Pton/Zm/Docu etc..
BUY THE FUCKING DIP DONT BE A FAGOOT
Good for tech bad for everything else :)
Just know its quarter3 and that ended a few days after ipo.....I think just go check
Tomorrow lol
Bro same F to us
Surely lockdowns are priced in we’ve been talking about them for literally a month
Then whats -75% of 200%?
These are the only companies affected. [https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486689/-1/-1/1/LINK\_1\_1237\_TRANCHE-23\_QUALIFYING\_ENTITIES.PDF](https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486689/-1/-1/1/LINK_1_1237_TRANCHE-23_QUALIFYING_ENTITIES.PDF)

Keep buying NIO pussy
GRWG Jan15 $20 puts seem like a good idea rn. Will IV crush minimize gains even if it drops off Tom/next week?
Me too man, the mouse is ruthless
>We gonna rally so fucking hard in the after hours man

LMAO yeah okay
Who else has puts on CSCO lmao fuck this boomer stock
Do we rally tonight?
Nio nio nio
Basically everyone is making money. Good time to be alive trading.
learn how to, and put on short positions.  Checkout this guy on YouTube: [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb\_GSTxX9sJgekh-O0Co8\_A](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb_GSTxX9sJgekh-O0Co8_A)  


Dude's a super-duper Bear but his TA is the best I've seen.  Been picking up a ton of insight from him which allowed me to see this dip coming since Oct.
I can’t even pronounce the fuvking name
I heard my wife’s boyfriend whispering about some, so could potentially be.
[removed]
Which expiration?
Imagine buying day after the split and being down for months 

Imagine I’m that fucking moron
Yooo, that's nutty bro, hopefully those were pretty cheap, but God damn, if that was even $0.01 per share, thats still a $141k bet, Jesus. Thankfully NIO has been doing well, but no one knows the future. Godspeed my dude
I think so too spy held up really well today
Sell when it's -5% --> buy on the dip when it's -30%.

It's more macro strategy to cut your losses if you're bearish for the foreseeable future
Misguided FOMO. NIO is the TOP DOG.
“We are going to COVID hell” - CNBC legit word for word
Moderna dip was delicious, $100+ EOY

95c 12/18
Expiration?
Every time someone says that we gap up 1% on Monday
Godspeed Vahalla awaits
Any reason to believe ZM won't go back to 500?
post your loss porn when you're done losing all your cash
Come on baby! Please
Buy shares people. We need to take more of the float off the market. Currently long 1100 shares.

Edit: side note but I like to keep 30-50% cash for daytrade swings. Any profits are going straight into GME.
[deleted]
What news?
I mean a lot of people already have, tons of people making loads of money this week off chinese EVs
I'm long, hope it doesn't dip, but I'm prepared for it to. Also, its practically a meme stock now, so it might go full retard and moon.
Its where I cum on you and it cures skin cancer.
I work in big tech and am clued into the ivy league high skill worker pulse through friends and my alumni groups.

Palantir is big, they're sucking up top STEM grads from Harvard/Stanford -- and while they're not profitable, it's because they are investing heavily in developing technologies that are of essentially infinite value to the pentagon. They will be bankrolled by the government in pursuit of that payoff and will end up being the largest defense contractor on the strength of the IP they're developing.
Buying spy 690c 1/15/2025
*not this shit again gif*
Literally just a thing so poor people don’t get as much opportunity
Same. Company isn’t going anywhere.
My hedges are even making money rn
Was not retard back then, did it dip next day I assume ?
https://imgur.com/d2a0zVw.jpg
My Siamese twin cousins do, but the are joined at the mouth so they cant tell us.
puts on your shitty engineering skills
Except the billions of Chinese
Be careful with those. Got absolutely ass raped with the vaccine news on Monday. The short legs of my spreads were all -800% or worse.
He can literally set white house on fire and not feel any remorse or regret.
🚀🚀🚀
FSR has 2 employees... how they gonna make a car? Can someone explain this to me
Just bought 200 contracts at .95 NIO 50 calls, giddy up
30 minutes left, buy more calls. We going to Jupiter 🚀
greatest trick God ever pulled was convincing the world he exists
I think it's that korean skincare thing with rollers
[deleted]
TSLA bull flag?
Time for some spy put lottos
Ban. No politics.
Fuck man I’m scared the mouse will fuck me
a dog
If I had a dollar for everytime I bought a put or call 0dte on SPY I would have -15943 dollars
It’ll probably peak tomorrow
Sell everything!!!!! My grandpa and grandma said we might lockdown this morning :(
It was a joke about all the retards emptying their account over lockdown rumors. Damn yall some salty bulls man
But it end of month. Then when the corrupt media gives positive Corona news at start of next month we’re caking
 11/12/2020 (Post-Market)
FUCKING ROBLOXXXX???? OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOOOOO

OOOOOOF
PTON shares, PTON calls
Man BABA officially clapped my account
If msft is below 200, buy 200 calls, if it's above 200, buy 200 puts...msft 200 brings balance to the force
Get in on ICLN or wait?
Zoom back to high 500 next week? Or somewhat close
GE calls. Low premiums for the time being. New CEO is revamping the old dinosaur company.
Yes
i dont understand how XPEV is almost at NIOs price
Thanks. I thought im the only idiot in here.
It’s needs all the energy it can get for the massive shit it’s about to take.
Sold my 50c nio this morning too early and now losing on 47p 😂 🤡
I would secure profit and wait for another good entry. I think the price might be peaking; might as well take guaranteed profit right now rather than risk having it disappear.
Imagine buying TESLA when it was cheap as phuck, being told it's overvalued....only to see it rise to insane levels in a year.
I need some strike and dates for this PLTR you guys speak of ...... what about Dec 18 PLTR $20C @ 1.40?
Yes
Old friend.....😏
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Bolkonsky999 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bull flags all over the place on tech
11/20
Wtf is *facial derma cleaning*
Look at spy 3month chart. Rug pull not over yet
INTC starting to look juicy
Brother, how do you make those types of memes?
[removed]
Well I just cashed out for 600% gains thank you
My NIO 51 11/27 calls is the only serotonin in my life rn
Once it breaks the resistance it’ll pop harder.
But tencent is. 
Tencent = nio


And tencent = ma huateng = ccp military = ban

So nio = ban
What dip? Its at the ATH price right now.
I'm debating selling my leap calls that have been printing the day before and reenter after ER when the IV drops and thus premiums drop, get in for a little longer dated
is anyone yoloing LI earnings?
I’m spooked we shall see. I have a. Lot of shares so either way well see
ah , it's the little things
Made $6k today buying SPY calls at the various low points. Most fun I’ve had since March.
Mango flipping middle finger to the market with pointless China ban. He’s gonna kick and scream his way out of the white house
GO TO CHURCH.
Guess lock downs are bad for gaming stocks too. Fuck ATVI down 2.5% bleed through the day
I meant buy now, for the fallout after hours.
Today was such a diverse day, red and green stocks throughout all sectors
China will
peak stupid.

you could have bought XPEV at 10am with that $800 and made 20% today.
CCL puts, Marriott puts, Lyft puts, Uber puts
You think for li and xpev too?
my thoughts exactly, everyone in this sub is expecting blow out earnings, why wouldn’t smarter money expect the same, i can see nio riding on a wave of hype next week, but mms will prolly iv fuck everyone on earnings
Exp date?
foook it all in DIS puts
Trading while being under PDT warning is illegal. Even on other accounts.
Yeah this is only going to get worse. This is a virus that thrives in cold weather. We are really just entering the real COVID season. This plus no stimulus anytime soon plus Sleepy saying he wants full on lockdown when he gets in office plus mango not doing shit to help anyone. It’s gonna get bad and I’m expecting the markets to have a reaction similar to March, probably not as bad though
F
I sold 75 percent of my shit and held the other quarter in case it moons. Gonna rebuy when it drills after ER
pltr put
Recommended strike and date for Zoom calls? Premiums are pricey haha
Chinese Covid chart looking a lot like my stock portfolio  https://i.imgur.com/kDljyb1.jpg
Picked up some 11/20 NIO calls this morning. Got a decent gain on them. Hold overnight or sell now?
Holding onto my puts overnight please for fucks sake don’t gap up and ruin my profitable position.
Hold half, keep the other half there
Anyone else buying Intel at the Covid discount ? I had to snatch a few hundred shares and let this ride
[deleted]
thx baby 😎😎😎😎
Gonna make that 28k back tmrw when we open at 300$
save your money and buy spy puts
Will you shut up man
I love you
My pltr 15c better fuckin print tomorrow
😏😏
LI with premarket earnings tomorrow. Gonna pop even more 🤤🤤🤤
Calls on HR
I sold. I was up 980% lol I was going to roll out and up but IV is crazy and I’ve got shares
Same
SOLO and FSR underrated
WE.NEVER LEFT
Turbo?
[removed]
Sold about 50% only to potentially buy more the next dip. The other 50% im holding for 5 years
You all can guess when I joined WSB..........
PLTR picking up steam?
The people with the fewest brains are antivax already lol
They are decomposing before they turn into new tendies. It’s very green of them.
We’re not really locked down in Chi
All in for puts. Weekend news will be bad, blood red Monday. You heard it here first. Puuuuuuttttsssss🌈🐻
Got out at 48.75
Do I buy more....or????
HolUp, are you telling me there are other stonks?
[removed]
> Airbnb, DoorDash, Roblox and Wish are all expected to make their filings public by early next week, said people familiar with the matter. 

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/airbnb-doordash-wish-roblox-ipos-all-expected-before-year-end.html
EOD option for $50\~?
$4k on the line tomorrow. Let’s go ZM, SPY and DDOG. 🚀
sell half and let the other half ride🚀
Tanked China EV market on a whim that some of them might be connected to Chinese military.
I sold.  Thanks for the input autists. Hope NIO has been good to y'all  too.
RKT gang rises up
They'll do it if all of us buy puts
[deleted]
me too
Amazon should be FLYING right now! Threat of lockdowns is PURE MONEY for AMZN!
God knows
Just like ya held RKT 🚀🤡

(But I do still have 1 long call I’m holding)
My bags are heavy and full of money.
2024 confirmed
anybody playing ftch?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/longi11 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We gonna rally so fucking hard in the after hours man
I'm in Chicago and hate lockdowns. But hopefully this will lead to my spy puts to print bigly.
Fuckin 🥭 killed the momentum. I had a 10 bagger
You might be a better fit in San Francisco with that shitty attitude!

Lori sucks real hard, I moved West.
Very cool fake dump. Now go up.
[deleted]
Please tell me u didn’t listen to this advice
[deleted]
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain, or whatever lol

I feel like I became a villain to myself and died and now being reincarnated as a hero. Don’t think y’all saw that alternate ending yet
you used robinhood for your crayon drawing? You belong here sir
No one gonna buy shitty chinese EV!
Bye NIO
Disney puts - going against the mouse this time
VACCINE news was HOAX then? airlines are back to where they were
[deleted]
No one. I mean no one, not your mother, inbred brother, wife beatin' father no one knows where the market is headed.
I tried to sell at the beginning of election season to avoid all this fucking mess and now I bought back in just to be face fucked again haha I'm not even playing a lot of options, mostly stocks, and I'm still getting my ass fucking reamed haha
RKT is up 4% today! Idk how but it's somehow not tanking like it does every day
My financial advisor told me to sell my 2000 NIO shares. THEY WERE AT $2.80 AT THE TIME. I listened. NOOOOOOOOO
Oh I thought you were saying a city already did lock down
Nio calls
Eow
"Lets see how this plays out Cotton"
NASDAQ is holding the market  but it may puke AH tonight
Damn son, bought calls before it pumped from $20 to $30?
You do know what its market cap already is **right now**, even close to $50/share, right? NIO has over a billion shares already outstanding
It’s been pretty euphoric in here the past week or so. About time a reversal came.
Check out PIC if you want a long term hold. This is going to explode. EV play and they just tripled revenue year over year.
Just locked in the ps5
‘Big gain’.  Bruh you made 1k.  Take your ass to r/smallstreetbets lmao and of course you should sell before earnings or you’ll get IV crushed
SOLO is going nuts today
Paper Hands will accidentally sell NIO before ER next week and then post here to cry about it.
Rkt is back?
spy breaks 352, incoming jerome dong
Well they need that money sooner. They are close to death and dying is very expensive
Yeah
Profit is profit maybe take some off it out
Fucked me good
First of all, are you autistic?
So we had to pay with losses because this one guys says so.
Dumbest rule ever
Solid DD right there.
Tomorrow gonna be 🌈🐻 asf
Bullish for tech bullish for GME buying more now
28k -> my last $100. Imma yolo it on NIO 50c 11/13
dildo and lube
Yeah, the theta is so strong on 1DTE you're probably losing enough in time decay to not even make it worthwhile, even if you get that 3:30 PM volatility. 

Have you let it exercise itself after bell and done better than selling at 3:55?
Chi finna
i did it, bought sum 7.5p lottos on fprx, let’s see what happens
HOW?
I wonder what the likelihood is of another nio pump tomorrow after LI has their earnings.
You'll be broke by next week.
Over 50 tomorrow, hold
Double orange chicken fried rice
No
don't ask questions about tech. just buy tech.
bruh we back at 352
Real shit
Same same
Back up easy. This is a squeeze
What the fuck are you guys trading?
A $5 stock that just jumped 30%...?
As all stocks do
Most of that was priced in back in the October run. Solar been at really high valuations
Uhh interesting take. As a cell bio major, I'm far more likely to take the mRNA vaccine over a traditional one.
And does that work out well for you?
You as well
What’s your percentage up on the calls?
The ones that disappear premarket
so ive haven't been here most of the day but did that orange retard tank the market again?
Cool
fuck PDT

it's my money... let me lose it if I want to
I know man I know. Peep my comments if you don’t believe me this is so annoying.
Yessir i am
pp hard, pp soft, pp hard, pp soft
China to the moon
PLTR
fuck yea
VRM is killing me. What a shit stock
Missed on earning but sales were up.  But yea it was not some huge beat for sure.
[deleted]
Sold 10min ago
this game is fucking rigged. IDK how the fuck it has held onto this price point for as long as it has. I'm going to just double down on my dec and jan puts because honestly at this point it's going to run out of steam since you can only grow so much until the market isnt impressed with EPS unless they blow it out of the water.
I feel like I've never seen IV as high as PLTR right now
yes
[removed]
Only problem there is NIO's ER is NEXT WEEK.
jump
retard
Boo you whore
Saw the Trump thing and it was dipping and was up a ton so profit is profit I guess.
Alright so PLTR calls for earnings then if it dips hard, shares. Alrightttt Break!
Any of them
Yes, 

GME is dead short term

Maybe 5 years, can you get calls that long?
Since you’re a boomer you have lived through many market bubbles. Any signs that today’s market points to another one?
I sold
Congrats brother. Already had NIO calls but bought 1DTE SPY 350p's at open as a hedge and they're both printing
[deleted]
I bought in at a dollar 5 months ago and am holding the last third of my position until the end of time
secure gains
Friday the 13th being......s0oO0o bloody....
LI earnings premarket tomorrow. If they crush it there could be another chinese EV run
There are a lot of unknown/simple people who just do what the news tell them to do :)
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/hissy1 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Thank God I got $40c and $50 leaps
Reversing WSB.  NIO puts and AAL calls.  Why?  Because WSB
Diamond hands mufugger, congrats
inflation
[deleted]
They had a success up phase 2 trial for gastric cancer.  I'm not to sure about the puts.  Hence the crazy spike. It seems pretty promising of a therapy.
Probably a PDF.
Fluidigm taking off as I said and not too late to get in
NO WAY ALL THE WAY TO MARCH? CRAZY LONG BRO
maybe my -70% FDX calls might break even
i was about to comment something lol
Do you think it’ll keep rising through to next week?
Sell NIO today or will it jump before earnings a bit more?
confirmed, got blown up from diamonds
Thanks for the reminder, buying leaps long way out

Seems like a no brainier
What’s up with renewables dying since the Biden rally?
[removed]
[deleted]
Ur delusional and put nothing into TA or charting. Honestly makes me smh looking at ppl like u trade
apology for poor English.

where was you when INTC died?

I was home buying NIO

"INTC is kill"

"No"
I heard TSLA is the next NIO
we keep droppin tomorrow or back up again?
[deleted]
[deleted]
States are destroying covid record today especially the Midwest States. Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Indiana, Wild af.

We already at 114k cases for the day so another record coming.
Rapscallious! Bamboozled! You may be my hero.
on dis nuts

&#x200B;

gottem
Why does Zm only move by .50 increments. The bid/ask gap is never steady and jumps around so much
way to show up a week late. the fuck is this.
Too scared
I’ve got the put set for December 11 so even if any relatively good news came out besides an actual confined vaccine I think it’s got plenty of time to go back down. How do you think cannabis stocks like acb will do in the next month?
don't see how LI growth falls short considering that they had 8k more insurance registrations on their SUV vs NIO's in October alone
Yes
Which city?
I see. Interesting then.
Yes, in the form of JPow
So you just gonna sit on your hands and watch the dip come and go too?
Fluidigm taking off
I haven't seen one comment on SOLO today. Are yall blind?
da fuq happened to ATVI. I thought all these smooth brain virigns were saying something about warcraft or a cog?
Why wouldnt it? I was able to sell my pfizer calls the morning if the announcement for 400% right away lol
Any plays before EOD?
18th
From what I read some firm upgraded their PT to $15. Also it was on its way up before the Zogg fire story.
lol u think people have brains
Good idea and you’ll usually stay in green with that strategy
Theta gang - option sellers
Better than red p
You are a true autist
Lucky guy
[deleted]
There is no more ‘smart money’ to follow, only ‘idiotic money’. 🎪
[removed]
Buying volatility is definitely the play here, would recommend you guys going balls to the wall with calls to pick up some cheap VXX and UVXY calls
Dude you are buying the right shit, try not selling
What are PLTR earnings results going to look like
Is NIO's price going up? Or down?
Is he still in prison ?
This is the way
when is earnings
Bought the dip on TSLA
COVID chart in permanent parabolic state. Buying calls
[deleted]
I’m just not tryna get bamboozled by the rapscallious Xi
yes it is
I hate your username
Every. Single. Time. I. Touch. BABA.

Babaaaaaankrupt!
NIO and xpeng
Is theta basically just time? I.e. holding onto your options day after day?
Nio is in cult following territory the volume is insane. I think any good news on earnings will send over the top
49 seems to be the resistance though , otherwise I would have succumbed to fomo
Guess the whole fucking world is trading NOI. That slow bleed on ATVI sucked today
stop being a pussy and let your winner ride
Fuck... So when Is It going to happen.?
[deleted]
Let’s fuckin goooo
Fuck you im commenting
amazon 6000c 11/13
This is America... we call it Gyna here.
pepperidge farms remembers
RKT gonna short squeeze next week, 32 price target by Wednesday 🙏🙏
I wish 💰
Whoa mine did too thats actually strange
Volume on NIO is insane
Roger that captain shhsh over
Probably holding mine
Your wisdom is sound.
[deleted]
I member
Do i buy more unity?
Any automaker can re-tool for war production in times of conflict and is considered an asset to any foriegn military industrial complex. RIP nio.
GL
Theta-curious
XPEV puts. That is all.
Hold PLTR?
Where is this calendar you have with the vaccine pumps?
PLTR $14p's because ER mean nothing anymore even tho I'm bullish on PLTR too
You won’t regret it bro I did the same thing those bastards are about to print like a mf I mean I bought puts this morning and after the rally I’m +$20 they’re about to print
SERIOUSLY - I'm in a virtual conference right now and I can't stop checking this
told my teladoc i eat panda express 6 days a week.
he said "why not 7?"

calls on tdoc
Down to only a 25% gain 

Holding strong
Losing all your money after September will do that.
[deleted]
Which direction?
Because i just bought some of course
[deleted]
I went against every instinct I had and bought a few calls. I've already consciously written it off as a loss, as I am incredibly apprehensive of them. Yes the new generations are releasing... but I don't think it will be nearly enough to save this shitshow.
Dip buyer reporting in. (I mean not yet, but might sell puts or something) You're welcome.
If Robinhood is working.....
Thanks!
[deleted]
So glad I didn’t sell 😂😂 Is that paper hands or diamond hands?
New banner is 🌈 as fuck
39 here.  Have three kids so my hobbies are mostly drinking and pretending to take really long shits.
could you have told me this yesterday
Predictions on dis?
Lol, quickly fixed that.
[deleted]
If we lock down my UPS calls will print bigly
Position?
Yea it did
Puts on your work for giving you the cheap option
It's not about earnings, it's about growth, and xpeng had really great growth.
A book on options trading
First of many
ur gunna feel like shit when it hits 200
[deleted]
look at the buy volumes
Do you not remember hertz . It’s a fucking meme
352.5 and i aint selling
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** All the bears today

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt21a9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt21a9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/TheRealGreenArrow420, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
TheRealGreenArrow420
Thebush121
GTFO SPY 200 lmao
Can mango and the CCP both fuck off already and let my BABA calls print?
I agree these IPO that started 3 months ago all have some serious weight... $NET $PLTR (even though today rip call holders) $CRSR sleeper stocks if the pandemic fears rise again.

EDIT: good to finally see some intelligent plays on this sub again!
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
If I know I got the vaccine, I might try to hide the fact I got Covid because it would mean the vaccine didn't work.
When is Q4?
chinese EVs moving so fast noone remembers cisco earnings , wonder if it'll pull another -10% resulting in 2000% 1 day puts gains.
Elon Musk has entered the chat
Right at the buy point
easy win is to buy every NIO dip

NIO has crazy strength in it
china numba wan
Do I hold my 30% up calls overnight for NIO or do I play it safe and cash out hmmmm
My account has been fucking flat since September
It’s a modest estimate I think we can push I just got more calls
Holding PLTR. See yall at the lambo dealership

Or the scrapyard😬
pls
You guys member the time SPY broke below 352?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Apparently I have no idea what I'm doing.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt18tn
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt18tn) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Fu2-10, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
supsupman1001
zoom out
That’s the logical progression!
I will ride with my fellow autistic brothers unto tomorrow, may we reap the tendies of a thousand retards.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
NIO ER on Tuesday, IV crush to follow
Me too!
well unless nvidia is up huge tmo. my 565 call expiring worthless
easily
Before.
They can have em tomorrow at open.
Why do bears.. nvm
they pumping back up to 16.50
It isn't.
Haven't you heard? Tesla became a lame boomer stock that trades sideways or always find it way back to the legendary 420 after a little spike

Still love the company tho, but fuck me I wish I had transferred more to Nio and PLTR
Nah china gonna run it up regardless
Whats the news i was in a while back
conservative? $2500.
[deleted]
Good thing you didn’t spend your own money on it
so we pulling out?
TRSSF - I’m loving it.
Read your comment one more time and tell me why you deserve to trade
One fucking city locks down and it’s coming down hard
Sold a bunch of NIO, XPEV, and LI in case LI shits the bed tomorrow. I'm not going to get greedy hoping tomorrow will be like today's massive run-up.
Im selling all my nio at 50
don't be a pussy next time
If I go 16c 14p it costs 1.41 and needs to hit 17.41-12.59 to profit, maybe that ones better.
IM JACKED TO THE TITS
Work gave us a 50$ Amazon gift card what should i spend this gain on
I’ll take 4,000,000 dollars sure why not?
No no no get puts because it’s at ATH
spy puts for free money tomorrow?
It'll go down tomorrow unfortunately. I think it ends around 47 tomorrow.
Jesus RKT
Sweet. My cost basis is a bit higher but still.
How is it that he's even creepier looking with a family?
Earnings is next week.. I would either wait until earnings or just before if you think it's going to dump
lol

fucking idiot.  "diamond hands" is how you blow your account up, stupid fuck
[deleted]
Depends on the broker. Your screenshot looks like ALLY which I would DEFINITELY call before tomorrow to clarify. My experience with them felt like regular bank tellers were thrown in to figure out trades last minute.

But likely automatic.
11/13 obvi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdAZ2iInWeo

launched yesterday
Going mostly cash, vaccine news is pure hype.  No one with a brain is going to take the first mRNA type vaccine to ever seek approval with 0 long term studies of the effects for this totally different method of vaccination than any before.
I'm holding PLTR, it's more fun to gamble
The last few iphones have been lowkey trash aswell
Yea I think so... just can’t day trade for 90 days apparently
yeah, I'm 36 and rarely have time now to play between other hobbies. but I still like getting them.
IWM clinging to dear life @ 169. I’m sure it holds. 🙄
Link?
full retard alert
SOLO MOOOON
It's an excellent word. I felt it needed to be emphasized.
Lol and that’s why ur options end up expiring worthless
From a clinical standpoint even if they didn't run a single or double blind for vaccines does it matter per se?. I can understand bias or false positive results for mood drugs but vaccine?
ICLN long calls probably
Diamond Hands bruh... ALL Day we've been talking about this.
They’re going to announce lockdowns this weekend for sure.
It's already $49 so...
LI predictions? If XPEV mooned on missing, it really doesn’t matter what LI’s earnings are huh
Gonna buy puts today for that too? Try to make a quick buck on their drop
Another week, another 5 bagger on NIO.
BA is coming back to where it belongs
But ccp tendies are still tendies. Actually im waiting for geely and baic to pump. Once baic goes 1$ and geely 3$ ... all in ccp ev shitstonk, baby!
love nio long time
That too
Did you buy the dip today and made some more money? I fucken did and hopefully you did too.
Xpev too flat today imo
All my emotions, years took off my life. Just to end flat.
Buy them expiring next week for better gains
Yep
yes, Thank you
Ban please
BABA's intraday chart is literally the inverse of NIO lmao
Tomorrow is Friday the 13th. Crash confirmed
XPEV can't keep getting away with these pumps
Idk, LI can send us to another galaxy or into the dirt with the dinosaurs
Ban if not true
Tesla is old news. Throw your money at nio
Shit, I want more NIO but not sure when or if it’s going to pull back. It’s running on 100% pure Colombian at the moment 🤦🏽‍♂️
Anybody else throwing money at xpeng and Li?
Ride or die with us brother 🌈🐻
If NIO hits $50 then it hits $60 and $70 and $4,000
I got 8 whole days a lot can happen in 8 days. Spy could be 345 open tomorrow
Pegging?
I am pretty sure a lot of institutions did their homework on NIO and got the numbers already for the coming earnings report. No way it keeps going up like this on just speculation.
Google earnings = BIDU earnings 

Same same but different. How is this stock negative today?!
Hell yes. 2k shares at 8.80
Yeah it was. About 2 hours ago.
Downnnnn
r/babystreetbets
Don't they make the red cups we all used in beer pong when we were just wee retards?
One day I’ll learn not to sell a face melting rally before it reverses...
Why not if you believe in the company
Cahoots is a word.
How we're fucking up COVID is starting to make me wonder if it isn't just wsb that's at chimpanzee level intelligence but our entire fucking country

Monkeys together not strong, monkeys together contagious
How do you know
We're 1.5% down from all time highs.

or as the bears call it, a win.
Im in the same boat. I believe in RKT. Have long holds til March. Not letting go early like I did half my NIO and all my XPEV. XPEV sold 2 days ago... 😭
does buying calendar spreads make me theta gang?
You meant support
My work MacBook Air is a piece of shit. Bearish on AAPL. This thing is trash
53
Lockdowns.
Deadass over $50
We should have a WSB retard on the board of directors of NIO at this point.
I like the way you think.
Yes, Sold below 47 .. Shorting again now. Maybe will add tomorrow if it rises above 50
No puts at $50
Awesome. Thanks
Do you see any realistic pullback tm?
Does Li report before or after the bell?
yeah boooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Sell NIO now. Buy SPY now.
SOLOOO
People loading in for the ride to 80
It’s bc the day hasn’t changed. It’s just rainy out there
All the tech bulls need to buy puts on pfizer to ruin its reputation.
Pretty much insanity if its not healthy ITM
Is it worth buying ZM calls? And if so why
Nice same for me but 3dte and red as fuck
So you can't really use NFLX sub metrics with Dis+ because NFLX already has 183 million subs compared to DIS 60M. If anything else, DIS+ has more room to grow compared to NFLX in terms of content and yoy sub numbers(10 million addition is more favorable looking for dis than nflx).

What lot of people failed to see from Mulan was that it was a premium service on dis+ meaning people had to pay extra $30 to watch it. The important focus going into this er won't be how much profit or revenue they made from this but more solid understanding/general idea that people will pay extra to watch movies on top of a sub fee(something nflx can't do).  


But yea, ER is still a coinflip but in my overall opinion I think it'll be up with strong sub count and optimism that disney lands, parks, cruise will be reopen soon
Exactly my thoughts. Earnings will release and sell off will commence
I’m going to. We’re probably going to get fucked on them but oh well, let’s die on this hill.
[deleted]
Next Friday?
46
Sector rotation out of cok into bunghole 🤡
They designed these studies to be double blind for a reason. Not even the people running the study know which subject got the vaccine.
give this man a cupcake!
I would be super red right now instead of +4% if it wasnt for NIO
I sold mine and bought some FD Monday for 340
Every time it dumps like this, I’m up on puts since I started occasionally buying them in June
52
That bull shit fake out on NIO made me sell, absolute ridiculous.
IPO tickers $FAP and $SIMP
My solo calls somehow just quadrupled my gains without warning
Had that happen way too much. Now I actually work and make money and buy and never sell. True Anti WSB way.
[deleted]
NIO pops 40% on ER day Next Week... Whoa.... NIO $250+ EOM.
Easily in my top ten.  


It does so much, with so little.
Amc is practically f'd. They have actually had alot of theatres open but almost no attendance. New lockdowns are coming and its possible things will finally get bad enough for republican governers to capitulate and initiate their own lockdowns. Puts on AMC is a good idea, but also like I said the market may reinvest again into stuff like this on more vaccine news, at which point after that settles down you'd be set for more gains.
[removed]
after er
Cahoots.
Upvoted you because a stupid bear downvoted.
[deleted]
She does things MacKenzie wouldn't do
Puts dude. The company is up 50% and nothing material ha changed
Cool see you at 200 dollars.
999 more
Either get a 10p and below or buy calls you fake bull
last time nio volume was this high, it went up about a dollar in 15 minutes at the very end of the day just fyi.
Buy
NIO is my account.. all my other calls expired worthless, but this one is up 610%
AMD 82.5p 11/20 gang what’s up
Any PCG gang left here? Looking 😎
[YOU HEARD HIM BOYS, SUB ABOUT TO BE SHUT DOWN FOR NUDITY](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc2xo8s/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
Lol @ WSB autists having houses to take a second mortgage out on.

Sir, you can find most of these autists behind a Wendy’s dumpster giving out 5 for $5 handies to finance their next retarded play.
China put him in a reeducation camp
Give it another 999
It aint dippin
Monday....
idk, im scared it might not :/
[deleted]
I know Biden wants to embrace renewable energy but is there a chance that in doing so he’ll hurt the overall economy?
Literally delete the app and reopen it in April
Everything in my portfolio is red except FSLY which I'm still bagholding...but I'm still up on the day cause 30% of my portfolio is NIO.
yes
Nio 3/19 calls?  Good or nah?
I am out of nio boys, Li has earnings tmmr morning. They just had to recall a shit ton of cars, I will be buying that dip on Monday. Good luck suckers
Whos holding spy puts exp tomorrow overnight?
18$c for 1/15/21... when do I sell? 

This call is saving my portfolio.. ive finally evened out from my March losses...
Death it is then
Nio peeps. Seriously what do you see NIO ending at tomorrow?
You spelled NIO wrong
Today absolutely flew by lmfao it was pre market like 5 minutes ago
You could say they sell a ton of them
IV crush on NIO tomorrow? Trying to decide whether to hold overnight
My man. lmfao
EXP?
Wait a bit. This might melt up a bit over the next week or two. And I’m saying this as a bear
Any new executive orders from Trump are not likely to hold.  I wouldn't be surprised if Biden reverses them all soon after taking office.
Proof or ban.
I do
[deleted]
Listen to the voice in your head.
Time to test the tired and proven strat of investing wsb. 

NIO puts
UVXY puts
Fuck it, let it to under. I'll jizz if it goes under 43.
Got 11/20 47p. Not scared, at all.
Lol
I have 1001 shares of XPEV. Should I sell one share to make it an even thousand or should I buy 999 more?
PLTR $20c 11/13 LETS GOOOOO!!!!!
calls on porn hub buying only fans
Nio gonna sell their own clothing line of short shorts 🩳
Because stonks go up and when they do you lose money
It’s honestly hilarious the about of risky FD’s I’ve bought the last 3 days and my portfolio is the same value it was Monday
Alright guys, not saying to get out of nio, but we already know, xpev is the next baby girl to look for. Tsla xpev, nio, bout to make us all retire early.
Just bought 340p for Monday and 39p for NIO tomorrow . Y’all are welcome for your tendies
101% for me. Mango can’t stop the 🚀🚀
Why is TSLA doing so shit
Is nio tech?
I'll get into NIO if it dips tomorrow
Rona was responsible for that.
stop lyin
Lock in cost and keep rest riding
This is honestly fine for pullback gang/cash gang. No matter where it pumps to it will fade again and gap down.
You'll take these puts from my cold dead hands....
Biden is going to be president.
Idk I buy shares. If you buy shares and hold (so anytime around now is good), in one year you can make a huge reliable profit
Portfolio is like GUH right now but NIO is like "I got you bro"

NIO almost single handedly floating me up above a 9% daily gain.
Now this is a fucking bet! If I had gold I would give it to you.
Hi Algo, meet Zm
Wonder whether I'm holding the next tsla, sq, zm, nio or the next hertz
What is a fake pump?
I meant more towards efficacy. Unless you mean if a volunteer knew they had the real vaccine and decided that they were now better off an engaged in normal precovid behavior.
End of day pump or dump?
hold till 60 and drop. its gonna run hard from 50 till 60
Lol Grantham is a Boomer Bear
I do the opposite
Theta gang keeping this between 351 and 358 til EOW
Baba leaps
no.
Anyone playing $U earnings? No weeklies, but I got some 120c for next month.
Nio is gunna hit 50 eod isn't it
They need to find more people that actually want their crappy product instead of getting cut out by the people in the market that can actually drive volume.  The McPlant is just one example.  Their product is easily copied and improved upon by anyone else with access to that cutting-edge vegetable technology.
intc touching march lows.

what a pos
😂😂😂😂👌
[deleted]
Bro it saved mine
so calls?
JPow to the rescue! 🎪
All these fake dumps and you 🌈🐻 still buy puts? I don’t get it when have you ever actually made money?
Little Jack is probably tied up in Xi basement.
I think yeah. Below 15 is kinda where I want to buy them. Already got a few hundreds and on the fence if I should double my position.
Just checkin thanks
I think it is more like saying a boneless chicken wing is not the same as a whole chicken.
No problem my guy its a risk holding into tomorrow but you got potential for a quick buck today!
I seriously don't understand why they even exist
bro you should sell half at least and let the rest ride. 1000% return? lock it in dude
What?? No Warren Buffet lol..for next week Frida. I thought this was WSB not /options or /investors
Baic is new nio!
CRSR is a sleeper Covid stock, but I’m playing December calls not weeklies
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**BABA**|**$310**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-11**|**$1.63**|**$264.39**|**437**|**113**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfa0p1wcy6s07700nzlryko) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/CtTheBullish/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SPY**|**$354**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-13**|**$2.78**|**$352.47**|**9068**|**60979**
|**SPY**|**$355**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-13**|**$3.42**|**$352.47**|**10396**|**109049**
|**ZM**|**$435**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-13**|**$8.23**|**$433.525**|**3290**|**13053**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhfa0p0scy6l0770hgp4dkp1) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/akfortyevan/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Bro you’re like 12
[deleted]
[deleted]
Rt
sir, this is actually a TENDY'S
I too would like to see a dividend over a buyback.
Same here. I have 7k in Nio stocks right now and I’m hovering over selling every time it goes up. I wanna make that filthy money everyone else is though but I don’t even know if I can buy options in the U.K.
Damn the optimism.
Better, its free money!
Yeah it's safe so long as Biden gets an ev infrastructure plan in place.
Red
It's the fucking media, they are always doom and gloom no exceptions. Try again.
U won’t need to hold until 1/15 for it to print
Yeah i guess he hasnt been seen
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nice

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt1x73
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt1x73) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/vander006, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Dr_Apk
Thebush121
OverpricedBagel
Whales are just coming into NIO....more room to run up!!!!!
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Consider taking profits on puts today. 

SPX 3500 is a battle zone.
NIO isn’t in cahoots with Chyna’s military. Therefore, NIO is 👌
Theta wins again.
XPEV needs to hit 50 by EOD
you get about 4 days of green for every red one... wait for a red day, then get calls.
Hope these goog puts stick till tomorrow morning, although I do have until 12/4 for goog to go negative so
Just lost 1K in that pump. 🤡🤡🤡🤡 Fucking fuck.
dancing around my kitchen currently. lets go!
The bears are hanging from their ceiling fan rn
Vix up strongly Im holding these fuckin puts
It does skew results because people can change their behaviors afterwards
probably yes
YOLO GME or GTFO
wouldn't be a terrible idea considering post earning run up may have weight behind it
sell, take the ban, go to another brokerage for 90 days
DIS PUTS
so was buying Dec 11 FSLY Calls just now a terrible idea?
Always sell when you’re up eod 
Always hold when you’re down
https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Autism.
JPow to the rescue! What a farce. 

RIP free markets.
Same pump, same time, every day before close.
Always sell when you’re up eod 
Always hold when you’re down
Well fuck you dude, enjoy it.
BIDU is draining me right now

CUMON MANN
There no good. That's how.
Never expected that VWO would be this good of an ETF when I bought it. Damn.
Just buy Nio and delete the app for 2 years
I sold 4 and kept 1. I'm long PLTR and this is just me playing around with options. So if you're right, I'll be happy.
We’re gonna have a huge fake ass pump to end the day aren’t we 😅
Wow i cant believe i got out of nio with a little profit after buying at 49. I still think im a fucking retard for even trying to short it
ive seen green candles like that before at this time, it means BUY CALLS
Back to 49!
you really set up these strangles for 25? a strangle today would be roughly 300 with both options about a dollar otm
“chinese daughter” - NIO 69 EOW confirmed.
[deleted]
😂😂 Nerd? Says the guy bitching to mods 🤣 STFU
They sell bikes?
NIO saved many accounts today
Thoughts on 1/15 SPY 340p?
I just don't get video games

played up until college, but just find books and taxidermy so much more exciting now
beautiful, up 20% on nio leaps i bought 2days ago, now should i diamond hands and hope for my 1/21/22 42c to print more or just take the win?
Nahh, it's just the broad market sell off today. PLTR 20c gang gang
Inverse wsb, gap up tomorrow
stupid ass jigga
DARKNESS HOUR
😂😂😭
"In most of America, you can get a solid home for over 100k!"
Jack Ma neeeds to bend the fkn knee or something
Cheaper to buy the shipper?
Sell some ~30 delta CC's for earnings to capture some of that sweet premium. Nice trade
Rip bears, that was quick.
Tech gunna pump with lockdowns
Should i Keep My three shares?
I bought into XPEV at the HOD. That was 10am. I’m so happy I’m an idiot
Missed out on 600% gains this morning when I sold but I’ll take green over red
Wow tech is actually holding on pretty well. I'm happy only losing my arm today.
sold baba at bottom, stonk literally took 13k from me
Do the options pages on RH just slow to a crawl for anybody else? It's like it can't handle constantly updating all the different prices.
how is spy pumping...
Yeah, it should follow FSLY
NIO dipped just to give the bears a little hope, and then crush it ruthlessly.
What happened to all the NIO smack talk
ding ding ding
Yep. With you. This pump is hilarious.
[deleted]
What price?
QQQ buy the dip!
First down, Michael VIX in the shotgun, and he pumps it into traffic, caught over the middle for a gain of 6!
FAKE AND GAY
PTON
if 48 becomes NIOs new resistance then bears are fucked to hell.
For the record, had I had the chance, that's the moment I would have sold.  Win or lose from here, that was my position
So is -75% 🥳
So it was a bear trap all along 🤔
Is zoom going up tomorrow?
I watched a stationary bike company go from $30 to $130 over the summer. No reason why NIO can't do it.
Nio $51 11/27 what do y’all think?
Someone please check if he is still alive.
Tomorrow
Real talk have 50 CCL 15p, 87 XLE 32p, 50 XLF 26.5. Hold overnight or sell??
# NIO above 49 BABY
That is the question that plagues us all my friend.  Only the insiders at LI truly know the answer right now.
It does matter because people can alter their behaviors or habits based on that knowledge.
YEAHHHH! NIO TO 50 in after hours!! LETS GO! buy and hold peeps! we makin tendies!
never had the balls to try and time it until now. doubled down on the dip today and up 3000
😌
Same pray for us
About to circuit breaker fellas 🤡
We aren’t delirious lol. Just jealous that we’re negative  when the entire sector that we built is on fire

This is in addition to the market not caring about any of the major achievements over the last two months -  Q3 earnings smash, FSD Beta, huge production volume, upcoming Model Y China launch, and more)
Logically correct would be to go all in.
Next week. I sold 4 and kept 1 for the hell of it.
Fake pump
Reset password?
Chicago re-entering lockdown

If the country ends up closed all winter I'm gonna go take a shit on the lawn of every anti masker in my neighborhood
Right there with you
Low volume pumps over powered
Yea, that’s dangerously close to the femoral arterie
Come in boys. CoVID stocks going for glory tonight. Make sure you’re getting part of it
Don’t tease me
At least MU is an American company. Can’t wait to see these Chinese apologists get burned.
So lockdowns back on for many cities, will the market continue its downward trajectory tomorrow. With all the uncertainty I say yes, but I’m normally wrong. 

Hold these 11/20 Spy puts up 110% until tomorrow and risk it for the biscuit. Or sell and take profit🤷🏽‍♂️
Id like to eat your ass
Lmao, check DD i said this morning that CHYNA EV are the way. Rest of the market got cucked
How is that profitable?
Can confirm
tell me how selling otm call credit spreads isn’t free money right now
I think you'll be ok
+108% and still holding 💎👋🏻
Too bad it was only 1 share each time.  Enjoy your $120
Sold my calls at a loss. Still got a shit Ton of shares tho. Might strangle and buy puts
lol pfe back to where it belongs
My mind says no, but my heart says yes. So I'm doing it too.
well at least I got a PS5 today.
nice little pump here before bloody close
They needed bears to buy puts first. eAsY mOnEy
DXY can’t hold 93. This will likely rally into close
352 COMIN IN HOT
Confirmed. I overheard the SPY CEO while he was taking a dump.
This NIO run up is not your pump and dump,,,,,millions in orders are coming in, likely whales and institutions catching up..
MMs just played us
Is all in on ICLN April 2021 21c a safe bet?
**49!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
Municipal Governments, Airlines, Travel and Leisure industries in Brambles. 50% of small business gone forever.
AMZN about to fucking erupt
Nah I just put more in 🤷🏻‍♂️
But I don't think the placebo effect works here. It's a vaccine designed to trigger an immune response to covid and knowing that you got the placebo or live version isn't going to skew the results.
I didn’t but good luck!!! Course playing lonnng but it’s 🐅
This guy gets it
[deleted]
Tomorrow pre market
What do we think of BYND gents? That drop from a couple of days ago looks like a nice buying opportunity for leaps...
> Gonna gamble ~~on PLTR pumping tomorrow~~
Zoom 🏎
God, what is wrong with me?
6k here, this is likely bottom. Probably not the best idea to sell right after they announce a billion dollar share buyback plan. Market cap is just around 2...

Edit: I'll add that all of my calls are 1/21 and beyond though, this is not a short term hold at all
CRSR dip? All in
DIA 284 open tomorrow
Jack Ma is getting cucked
That wiped your entire account out ?
Here it is. Looks like the beginning of the pump that’s about to wipe out all my gains.
I feel like MM is just finessing the weak and paper hands for the next vaccine pump.
I don't think you really need a placebo to determine whether a vaccine confers immunity or not.
VIX still steady climbing like nio
need over a 15% move to profit off that

strangles are the way
and everyone knows NIO only goes up
# TEAM NIO GIVE THIS POWER HOUR ALL WE HAVE!
Any BDSM?
Red wave lol amd is king
[deleted]
Why? Lol
F
80% gain on XPEV calls bought around lunchtime after this last little pump. I'm good for the day. Thanks MMs!
They should just pass a stimulus for blue states, fuck republicans and their 3rd world welfare fiefdoms.
Bro CNBC has had gay bears on back to back for at least 2 hours straight now. 

Get out now bulls. Retail retards boutta dip
Did NIO steal TSLA's intellectual property or trade secrets or something?
After watching stocks today the Chinese can not be stopped
SPY 354P 11/13. Got in at 1.08.  It's at 3.32. I forgot I hit my 3 day trades already. Have to hold till tomorrow.  Velvet rope at the club or nylon rope in the shed tomorrow, boys
I hate you 352 I HATE YOU
all in on puts
On Monday the selling started at 3:17pm
And how the hell you figure that? They haven’t been profitable in like 15 years
Would a -1.5% SPY day be considered big pre-covid? Now adays it's just a normal red day among greens
Same here!
I tried it and it works
Their profit was below expectations but their revenue greatly exceeded expectations so the market is bullish on them. It's easier to cut costs to increase profit than is it is to greatly increase revenue like they did
Markets realizing they forgot to do their homework right before the due date rn
Lies
Climbing back to 355, at least. Bears ya goofed. What would cause a random collapse?  🤣🤣
INTC is dead. My account dead
Not at all it’s just funny to see the spammy US companies replaced by spammy US-listed Chinese companies. I’m an equal opportunity hater
The shirt-cock is tough to pull off and hard to not look at. A delicate balance.
They are def expensive due to high IV, but it seems to me IV may only go up in the immediate short term
pump pump pump without a gas pump in sight!
just go do the bank and get all singles... you'll need a big bag to put your big money in
GE can go ahead and drop below 8.50 tomorrow
Maybe, maybe not. Merely making a statement, if you don’t like it beat it nerd.
tdoc under 200 is a grab.. but don’t paper hands your call like my bitch ass did.
I advise you to take these positions. That will be 420.69 please. Enter promo code: covid at checkout.
PLTR earnings today.  10 bagger calls available
🙏
Crush it
NIO 50 EOD
Have you seen Tesla?
Try ZI
fucking 352 again jfc
It's an amino acid found mostly in meats and high protein stuff. I take it when I get sick and while impossible to prove, I always feel like I recover substantially faster. I take doses way higher than you could feasibly get from food.
125K for that fucking thing? Lol
Banking on a fat ZM earnings runup
Yeah that’s what he said trumpy
Georgia’s resound hasn’t even started yet. So there’s no way to say that his chances of flipping Georgia alone are dropping exponentially from yesterday to today. There was no change in his chances because the process hasn’t begun yet. Where does this e come from?
Holding spy put spreads, but I’m hoping for an end-of-day recovery spike
Guess who has both 😎
Thank you for understanding.
NIO earnings play
Just open 45DTE 18/17 put credit spreads. You rack like a 45% return if you ride them to expiry, and all the stock has to do is stay above $18
He doesn’t even have to crash it, he just needs to declare that the market is crashing worse than March and 70% of his voters will believe him no matter how many charts you show
Haha real shit
probably up
not passing the stim helped defeat mango

nuff ced
Holy shit puts or holy shit calls?
I don’t even know how to short so yea I have 10 $2.50 put contracts because 10 days ago it was barely above $2 so I’m betting when everyone figured out this vaccine is gonna be difficult they’re gonna sell and then amc is gonna sell too to raise funds
ignorant market is bliss
Upvote if u paper handed ur long dated nio calls when China news hit? Lol 🤡🔫
Reminder: tomorrow is Friday 13th.
I bought right after mango news for basically nothing, just a stupid lottery move lmao bad idea

Also pdt
He ex-wife was pretty cute. Now he's dating a walking botox syringe. I don't get it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
THE REAL MCCOY BUBBLE

Get this boomer into a home ASAP.
11/13 433c
Could have sold this morning at 17 but there wasn’t enough upside for my JAN 21 calls so I’m holding through earnings dump and re-pump when the dip buyers come in
LI report earnings tomorrow or Dec 2?
Biden locks down america, armed military roam the streets, this is half-life 2
OTM. its hovering at 38ish now.. been trending down all day. I have a 37 strike exp. tomorrow.
[deleted]
Vix dying
Just closed out the put and rolled to calls. Let’s go!
You ever think maybe ur the problem and not everyone else?
Hey, fuckers! Serious question! Should ev holders sell when the USA announces lockdown?
It’s okay, I know you had to do it to em
PLTR earnings leaked. Holy shit.
Yes. But nio is no longer chinese commie stock. 90% is owned by WSB tards
if youre in central time you get two hours of work in after market
ZM gonna be shirt-cocking it in 30 minutes
what do you guys think nio is gonna do tomorrow?
If AMD and nvidia literally only move the same. Amd will never reach $100
WTF. Pfizer vaccine trial is a sham because test subjects know whether they got the vaccine from antibody tests.

https://www.foxnews.com/health/pfizer-vaccine-coronavirus-texas-side-effects-volunteer
NOV 19th - 23rd
[deleted]
Control-Z should do the trick
[deleted]
nice try
Make that small peepee a bit bigger
LOL
[deleted]
Fack me, I yolo'd 20c calls expiring tomorrow, but today's stupid ass overall market drop probably fucked me

Revenge trading after selling my nio calls at 0.62 (worth 7 now: missed out on 40k from less than 1k) sucks man
You're telling me looking at the SPY chart for 8 hours a day isn't work? That shit is exhausting.
COVID case up = lockdown = ZM winning
lol Li motors are reporting numbers tomorrow, projected to be good numbers so its going move up more...
It’s ok to hold if it goes up
btw chicago lockdown is not mandatory its "advisory" we coo
NIO = Covid Proof. Chinese EV Mandate.
It is easy. Burn day trades for profit, then when out of day trades, do actual work. Wait til day trades return the next week.
[deleted]
palantir dump coming to us 12:55 PM from wallstreet brokers that could smell the dog shit from the day they got into at $5.50 pre-ipo
Great job man! And FUCK YOUUUU HAHAHAHA
And for that reason. It’s mooning tomorrow too
Haven’t done barely any work, puts on employment status
High Vix is gonna make these options expensive
Are BABA leaps the way?
NIO volume is bananas
NIO 11/13 60c
[removed]
yeah its gonna melt up
what you mean about?
yes but that’s why you’re here isn’t it? that’s why we’re all here
The market collapse somehow even outpacing my drinking pace rn, impressive
ZM ZM ZM
I don't think we'll drop enough for a 10 bagger. You'll lose all that premium by open tomorrow morning.
Mix that bleach 1:10 with some water, clean up your place and feel better about yourself.
Troll account. Ban
I hate to agree with retards who are just yelling what they want to see, but TA does show it going up and not coming down at least for 2-3 trading days
Bro fuck it. I’m in, I will hold past earnings. The retarded power of this stock is insane.
Don’t regret it, u won’t.
predictions for Li earnings? Can the stock soar even more?
Well...I hope you didn’t have any puts 😅
Serious answer: we don't.
Well, NIO is now trying $49 again, just like nothing happened
the dip will be bought and continue to be "trash" :) pls remember to post loss porn bud
The culmination of bearish divergence since Sept. see you at $320!
Sorry PLTR bros...I had to do it to em
Say it with me folks: 

NIO 50 EOD
[removed]
The idea is correct, but just buy otm on both and try to get them cheap, the PROBLEM is you probably will be overpaying for options as they will be expensive.

Let me look..
state by state

won't be national

will be rolling local and state lockdowns until next summer
With the LI earnings and china backing them? Not a chance they’re dumping until earnings unless 🥭 does something stupid again
spy? damn
Amen
Man, I wish. You think so? panic sold NIO today at 46.5. Shit..
Yeah i made a huge error with letting go of thirty  1/15/21 $30Cs the day before it took off. Not doing it again. I will add to long dated calls on any big dips and cash out partial gains. rinse/repeat.
I hope you sell before close
Source? 😂
Tech bears about to get gaped
Mitch already shitting on new stimulus.  Nancy gonna end up regretting not cutting a deal with that pre-election leverage she had.  Now no reason for the Senate to not just block it forever.
He says a lot of shit and most of it is just that.
Shhhhh.... I don’t want to talk about my productivity... Chairman Mao will be disappointed.
$115 11/20 call
They DID do the same thing with Solar City, so I guess it's possible.
I will never not watch this whole video
So straddling PLTR is the play right? All we know for sure is that it will move a lot after earnings. 

$15c $1.08, $14.50p $.88
$16c $.73, $14p $.68
please don't make me look at that
Little profit better than no profit ..
I’m not even gonna look
Jack Ma needs to suck CCP cock, otherwise you're fucked
need a play that will turn my $500 into big money
Science
MSFT been a real bitch today
Bears getting rekt. Btfd
ZM is goated
Gonna gamble on PLTR pumping tomorrow
HOLY SHIT ZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
Is he opening a Martial Art Gallery?
That's only an epic day if you're Chinese.

If you're American, it's rather fucked.
Link?
China’s President Xi Jinping personally decided to pull the plug on Ant Group’s $37-billion initial public offering, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing Chinese officials with the knowledge of the matter.

The decision to stop what would have been the world’s largest ever IPO, came days after the fintech giant’s billionaire founder Jack Ma launched a public attack on the country’s financial watchdogs and banks.
Without a doubt. I see the cat head bobbing in other memes, but it’s just not the same without bongo boi’s amazing singing
Yes. But I’m doing it
Nope SPY back down in the basement with ya!
Mine looks just like that but I lost everything
Universal sign for brown nosing
I'm grabbing you by the pussy
So do i
LI is probably gonna run tomorrow whether they hit or miss
It'll be 65-70 by end of next week
Power hour for ZM? gooooooo
You're a genius.
OMG US lockdown potential SELL EVERYTHING I OWN
[removed]
Alright AAPL... enough out of u. 116 u go, even though JPow absolutely cannot let that happen. 🙄
Power hour spy back to 356
https://ibb.co/p4pd2rk

There, notice options availability on the January chain for the Dow jones!!
Is earnings AH? I thought it was this morning
at least the next 730 nights
XPEV about to spike again
SPY puts 11/13
🤣🤣
Bb plz
You bet on it? I put a stack down on the sexy +4500 pre-tourny odds for him
Hi I’m Zm, get in
Your plane doesn't land until after June?
I moved my profits from Nio Calls to Puts. I immediately regret that decision.
sports betting getting legalized, this is their high season, good outlook.

Plus the past decline was unjustfied. It should be worth 60.
Someone posted the PDFs like 20mins ago
you can't buy options after the close
yes.  yes it is.
I have 3 stocks, Keep or sell before earnings?
u/zjz
LMFAO
Yeah it’s a ticking time bomb. It’ll definitely go higher next few months but the recent run up needs to cool down first
>level 1dabigbaws17 points · 3 hours agoIt’s gone up over 50% over the past two weeks... no shit people are going to take their profits. Expect it to drop a lot more unless they absolutely demolish earning

 I smell gay bear 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

joking
Thanks dude. 

Is that found in anything or just a supp?
Huge nothingburger resume pump
Thought it was yesterday?
Too broke, too expensive.
Serious question: How does anyone get anything done while working from home? Especially with this hobby of ours..
lol not quite
Come on fsly please
I thought this too but when I checked with Schwab they said I had to apply for their FPL / fully paid lending program, which I did.  They then opened a separate (IRA) account and transferred the shares to it when someone wanted to borrow. I get half the borrow fee, which was 82% at its peak last month.
Lol you holding overnight?
Same, why pay the delivery charge and tip
[deleted]
[removed]
This has been the most epic day ever. Both NIO calls and SPY puts printing hard. This is crazy
I found when the drop will be.. 

https://ibb.co/p4pd2rk
NIO safe haven, PTSH savings account, where else to park money?
Would it be retarded to hold NIO calls overnight?
I bought 500 share of ACB at $6 and sold at $11.87. I had the capital to invest 5x that and spent the next day calculating what could have been. You gotta accept the W and move on, but it’s so hard
😂😂
Dis puts like 10% otm. Thats the lotto i got
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/akfortyevan the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Noice
It's *already* valued as the third largest auto manufacturer in the world, and it's only sold a few thousand cars. The company certainly has some value, but this is getting out of hand. You might as well enjoy the ride I guess.
Any good potential 10 bagger plays coming up?
Wowsers...that candle on ZM though
Jim Cramer and Jay Farner called out the blatant manipulation of RKT's stock price last night and now BOOM the losses from the earnings drop are all gone now. This shit is going to short squeeze soon.
that was such a nice nio dip, just scalped a 0dte for a nice steak dinner tonightb
ZM to the Moon!
https://media.giphy.com/media/11z8mwhw0jxQiI/giphy.gif
Fuck I'm so close to holding these pltr through earnings out of spite
Exactly dude! This is a different ball game
I put in 4k in march worked up to 20 and lost it

Put 4k back in around August and im back up to 20

Way better distributed this time around aka not jacked to the tits in calls and going for yolos. Take your profits over 50%
Great majority of the people here lose their shit. Only a small percentage actually make any money and mostly by pure luck.

Same as a casino.
Take the pills and follow it with a crisp glass of your finest bleach for a good night’s rest.
Might regret not holding, but if NIO sees $49 again today, I'm out. Save some bear meat for some other bulls.
WHAT A BATTLE. THIS IS A SLOBBERKNOCKER
DFEN
Tesla capitalizing on chinese 2030 EV requirements. Chinese factories in progress.
Tiger 4 under tied for 3rd 🏌🏿‍♂️
My guess is we fade/stay pretty flat for the rest of the month and December is going to be bloody. Then even more bloody when joe shits down the country for 4-6 weeks
So you have puts?
Dkng earnings
ACDVF - on probably any broker
more dumping at close today?
Pton going for 115 tomorrow
11/13 60c 🤪🤪
High inflation will be the nail that finally kills the overcrowded growth stocks IMO. There will be a huge shift to commodities and value within the next few years as present cash flows will become so much more valuable than future cash flows.
MODs
Only 3 for me
[deleted]
thx
TZA calls
NIO is straight scary.  Gonna dump tomorrow and people will lose lots of money
post earnings will skyrocket. calling $80 EOM
thx
PLTR has almost double the avg volume, a massive sell off is coming
[Mango bars Americans from investing in 31 companies that help China’s Military](https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-bars-americans-from-investing-in-firms-that-help-chinas-military-11605209431)

Anyone know which companies are in that list? 
I know Mango is going away so this may not even matter but just in case
It's heading down rn!!!

Edit: Oh no!!!
Sorry shorty, ur mom only likes the looonnnngggg slide.
Thoughts on PLTR?
why isnt nio banned from us markets bro this is so fraudulent
Yeah, let’s just let the virus spread out of control. Either way is not bullish. But I’m sure we’ll manage to rally.
You could've just burned your money instead. It's way faster.
Sell earnings always fucks
Trying to get there slowly. Now that I learned about options this year, I started a separate account for degenerative playing with 1k. Obvious goal is to reach 25k I guess to day trade on it and see where it goes.
counseling
Get fukked 🌈🐻
Do I buy VXX calls now or just wait this out
Are you ITM? And when does it expire?
Pltr gang is dead and now they have to hold through earnings😂😂😂😂
Latest list is from August
 **Zoom and NIO gonna moon tomorrow when Li Motors and COVID report huge numbers!!**
You'd expect reasoning on this board?
There are people in ND?
Keep us updated! Stay well. Big doses of L-Lysine is a great supp to help your body fight viruses.
Over the next several nights
What's a good earning lottery options bet for after the market closes today?
Exactly which is why Nio is built different
MSFT 200C memes coming back?
What stocks will benefit from Donnie rolling tanks into American streets and declaring martial law?
Bullish
[removed]
Watch tomorrow be green somehow.
Look away bulls
Prepare for Hulk Cocks
SPY 370 EOD tm
This sub is just filled with ridiculously gay memes, mods need to start doing their mod jobs
PTON 🚀 🌓
Amazon let’s do this
earnings today, people trying to take profits from the last two weeks' crazy run and avoid the risk of a disappointment or IV crush
son cover your eyes the bears have come out of their hiding
I am not going to buy this dip.  I am going to hold out and see if we get more downside.  Last dip I bought too early and raised cash two days too early.  This time I hope to time it better and stick out until the end of the year.
If NIO closes above 49 EOD, I will moon my camera and post it
Still have my 11/13 $50 NIO call 😅
Long on CRSR for lockdowns 🎮
Li gonna crush it.
Should of trusted myself and bought puts yesterday
I’d suggest neither.
Do it now... yes do it now. ER should confirm which way to go
Recommended strike and date for ZM?
Hahahahhahahah I got fucking out of my jan amc calls as soon as I had a profit on those on Monday for this exact reason 😂😂😂
my problem with precious materials is that i have no clue about this particular kind of business. but in principle it seems to be a good field - with the right insights.
Puts on China Mobile with the new trump EO?
I bought.  Pompei.
stim been dead for a while now
But why male models
Same here bro I’ll fucken drive to pickup my pizza to not pay delivery charge but I’ll hold a $600 option until it expires worthless and not blink an eye
Anyone have the list of Chinese companies Trump is banning investment in?
what puts do u have?
Half and half
352 now strong resistance
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/onenoza the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Add that China stocks ban order
Ya know what brings joy to my heart. Is seeing the Tesla investors club crying about XPEV and NIO. They are legit delirious of their own run up and bitching they don’t get to join the party lol
Finally climbing. 1800 by Friday, 1760 by today EOD.
Been spendin most my life livin in a 🌈🐻 paradise...
Congrats!

Now you have enough to buy a $TSLA!!!
is it too late to become a gay bear
Okay......
Now!

Buy the dip...... For the 8th time today!
Hospitalizations just reached all time high in France
How many of  those companies have the CCP's backing tho
Lockdown with stimulus
Nah fuck that. I’m staying long at such a cheap price
bots and users -> ddos
Not to be gay, but I’ve just been averaging down on BABA shares. Fire sale, fuck short dated calls, you could get wiped out by one news article
CSCO usually bombs on earnings but im up 80% on my put with it already... should i wait or will i get IV crushed
my horse is pulling ahead, but yours is catching up! pump past .70! cmon!
Ready for QQQ to rocket into close?
Every time NiO dips it gets bought with retard strength.
There are no dips in NiO.
Probably half of WSB
Oh... we going down again?

Anyways...
legend
Usually stocks fall after earnings but with Chinese stock I honestly have no idea
Hold.  I can't think of one positive thing they have to say that hasn't already been accounted for.
Depends on your expiry. It could see a bump after earnings if Disney+ and other content plays are looking promising but will decline again after.
If your expiry is tight then sell before earnings to be safe.
Does anybody actually make money from this? Are there any people here that can share some of the profits they've made over the time they have traded? I'd appreciate it
Like the challenger?
and tomorrow it will probably be bigger than Ford, GM, and Toyota
sell enough to cover your cost and free ride the rest

that's what I did... 11/13s up over 125%.
Oh fuck you’re gonna make me buy puts aren’t you
You aren’t thinking fourth dimensionally!!
You retards thinking the sky is falling because of a tiny drop are insane.
Crayon daddy
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/1326980606975225856?s=19

Bodies piling up 👀
Yeah, priced in.
Yes - entry is important. I made money on SPCE yesterday but out currently. Hoping for a better potential entry before next (big) test flight currently scheduled for Nov 19-23.

Edit: baba seems like a good play right now, slaughtered by Ant IPO news and other hazards. GME is good for some swing plays which I've been doing consistently as it continues in manipulation while holding some for longer term.
That’s pretty much it, yeah.
[deleted]
125p 11/20  Book it.
Go back to r/investing gay boy. This is literally a casino
He's executive ordering some China trade war shit. Go check Twitter.
I like how we all bought nio dip calls:)!
some tmrw some next week, tmrw was too cheap to not pass up on a few
People who didn’t buy that NIO dip -> L
NIO 50 EOD, power hour moon mission
[removed]
gonna need 95%+ of republicans to follow him all the way to hell for that to actually happen
Ya know, Quasimodo predicted all of this.
Where can I buy shares
just stop being poor
Loaded up on shares and calls.
I truly don't feel very bad. Sore throat and fatigue. That's it.
Sell half or quit being a soyboy and hold
I lost 70% of my account on a BABA swing trade I got caught in this week overnight when it tanked. I yolo’d the remainder into SPY 1DTE atm puts at around 10am, and just cashed out.
This is a selloff?
I made a little bit on 11/20c today sold midday. Will try to get an 11/27 position.
lol i made 15 bucks so get shrekt
What’s the move for Nio?? Should I sell rn or hold? 

My call exp date is in January
im more of a uvxy guy
Time to grab some putties
lol....sad!
Thanks PDT
Just wondering what makes you say that?
Omg please don’t hit 352 again
“ It was the Hefei municipal government that invested in Nio and not the Chinese government at the national level” this sentence alone is so anti Chinese lol. It like saying a boneless chicken wing is not  from a chicken.
Whens the SPCE launch?
\- COVID in record numbers

\- Chicago announcing lockdown. More states likely to follow

\- VIX up >10%, that too intraday

\- [🥭](https://emojipedia.org/mango/#:~:text=Emoji%20Meaning,to%20Emoji%2011.0%20in%202018.) has absolutely no incentive right now to pass stimulus or work with JPow to print more $$$ like he did in March.

\- [😴](https://emojipedia.org/sleeping-face/#:~:text=Emoji%20Meaning&text=The%20Zzz's%20appear%20blue%20or,to%20Emoji%201.0%20in%202015.) wants a 5 week lockdown  
\- SPY hit ATH this week. Triple topped.

I ain't a math person, but I can add these up to one conclusion.
"Lockdowns". Advisories from local officials aren't lockdowns. We're not locking down lmao.
i just feeeeel the fuck shit about to happen, think imma cut my losses and take a break from this rainbow market
Nio literally doubled its cars this quarter, how is it not going to kill earnings?!!!
[deleted]
it's so fucking annoying. i've gotten all the way to the 'submit order' part twice (12pm and 3pm) and both times at the very last second it tells me it's now out of stock. Normally for shit like this, if you get thru, it will 'reserve' the thing and give you 5 min to process payment and shipment info. Puts on Walmart
X  P  E  V
we back bby
Don’t fuck with the mouse
 Dawg. Where have you been the last two hours?
Lmaoooooooo
[deleted]
This is gayer than gay people
So you NIO tards are really gonna hold my 37p 11/13 hostage huh. They’re worthless my guys
360 at this rate. Pullback coming like a rocket
Tomorrow gonna be blood red nobody wants to hold over the weekend when the infection rate is absolutely parabolic and hospitals are starting to overflow. More lockdowns coming.
Its retarded
Seen this episode before...   XD
Power hour is just 15 minutes late don’t worry boys. Face ripper starting soon.
Just realized NIO had a higher market cap than Ford, and GM.
corsair
I've been safe but went to a funeral my family has been putting off since March. We should have done it then. My cousin's mother in law was infected.
PLL will moon with bidens presidency
Sell half take profits at least and hold if you want. I would sell all and keep one contract just for shits n gigs
What are your positions
Fsr
God bless your soul. I got 40 Feb 290 C
Old news
They printin ngl
Sell
Bunch of tools, especially the wife’s boyfriend statement you all say everyday. Sir this is a casino, sir this is a Wendy’s, sir this is my wife’s boyfriend
Baba is getting destroyed by the ant financial ipo fiasco. Instead of a capital light techfin, ant is now going to be regulated like a boomer bank which means lower margins and market valuation destruction. Jack Ma has messed up. He is gonna pay. Wait till it is cheaper before buying calls.
Nio before earnings
Short the vix here
Did Mango purge the leadership of the Pentagon to purse a war? Stay tuned!
God damn I wish I can day trade unlimitedly ._.
What now
It's got a lot of potential in the future maybe, but not right now.
Charizard. It gonna ignite and use fly
Who’s holding EVs overnight
i know.
corsair
Does that executive order imply we gonna see HangSeng die tomorrow?
Buys and sells
SPY is going to plunge past $350 tomorrow. Looks like puts are back on the menu bears!
that we can agree on
NIO. Keep playing it
Smh lost 99% of past 2 weeks gains this week. Guess it’s time to start over next week.
Someone selling puts is holding this market up until option expiry. Lol there is no way this market should be holding up above 350 spy with no stimulus, corona virus cases rising and election unrest. Very smart play in their part.
Did they forget to file for bankruptcy or something
😎
PLTR puts
**Zoom and NIO gonna moon tomorrow when Li Motors and COVID report huge numbers!!!!!**
Spy goes down, zoom goes up. Better hop on ZM train before it’s too late
Good plays dog! Congrats
Just hop into China stocks
Ur chart might as well be made out of crayons🤡
Once apple dumps SPY gonna go to 340😂
Please refer to [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jszuby/nio_put_contract_call_me_crazy/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) for a proper NIO put bet
SE calls
Same for Amd
So the Orange man mates are blaming him for getting infected with COVID. Wonderful
You’re late as fuck and also retarded
Selling my short dated calls, keeping my leaps
It's tanking on earnings either way I say.
hypocrites
#ONLY if you bring the strike down to $330
LIKE IF YOU GOT A HARD ON. 🌈 🐻’s ONLY
I’ll cruise my electric 356 to the bank 🏦
Just imagine if that red was green and the line was up instead of down
VIX +16% 

tea_sip
"Ohhhh, I didn't know you like to get wet!"
I need a 10x play on my last 400$
[deleted]
I'm not seeing deals one way or the other
Very new to options please tell which. thank you. 21c for dec?
NIO 60c 11/13
Pullback was after trumps tantrum
You mean greater than 0? Yeah, maybe that's true.
imagine being tom lee and all you said since april is 'retail liquidity on the sidelines'
Losing money on NIO but gaining on a T-Mobile put, go figure.
If XPEV jump 40% on earnings even after a huge run up towards it. I expect NIO do the same.
Can you fucking imagine if he was actually sending signals like this for the market 😂😂😂
Fsr fsr fsr
Sorry bout ur wife’s boyfriend bro.
PTON mooning. Either tomorrow or Monday will make me rich.
Did sandy cheeks find WSB? How many fucking times are you gonna say y’all
Jesus fucking christ. Every time I make a tech play this trade war mango shit happens. Every fucking time.
But SpaceX doesn't have a ticker. Elon's cult of personality will buy Tesla for any excuse
Ur late
350 eod🥴🥴
My Ninja.
[deleted]
You will.
Any chance F goes below 8 tomorrow?
You’re literally the type of retard who posts shit without any idea what it’s about.
Nice.....that is solid idea.
Does AAPL not dump??? WTF
Kind of new to the stock market, but why would anybody sell when they’re down?  Isn’t the only way for you to actually lose money if the business you’re invested in goes bankrupt?  I don’t understand why anybody would ever sell low when it’s almost guaranteed to go back up?
i think this is going to really drill AH but im hesitant to hold bc my puts expire tomorrow
Zoom about to break
This is such a bad idea.

Gtfo with the bold and caps too.
Give me the next NIO boys:
https://i.imgur.com/jwWubMU.jpg
A dance of two dragons
[removed]
What should I YOLO 10k on?
"I'll fuck your skull through every hole. Some you don't even have yet. I'll make them"
Air Canada bout to slip into Buying territory again. They have Canada stimulus news as a potential pump
Up 70% on DIS puts I bought on Tuesday. Sell before earnings or hold?
whats going on with PLTR?
I will go through your entire post history and upvote everything for a trick or treat award
This just made my day. I’m pooping now to kill time and have been on the pot for an extra 20 minutes just rewatching this. 🙌
I am convinced all the NIO bears are the same people who shorted Tesla over the summer.
What I lose in my trading account, I make up for it in my paper money account.
Godspeed
Just as I hypothesized
[deleted]
Too late
ZM allergic to 430s past hour
This should be a fun comment section to read
[deleted]
Same
[deleted]
The economy hasn't even recovered from the first lockdowns. Hell, it will take another 2 years to recover from the first lockdowns and now they want to do another round. Just lock up old and vulnerable people.
Zoom moon tm
I think you're right
Got ourselves a good ol fashioned Mexican sell off
Squats... squats are the NIO of exercise.
yup dont sleep
Diversifying their EV portfolio?
Stay strong
Ate a $2k loss on the SPY rebound while holding $351 11/13 puts....should've just held...
I’m diamond handing my last call but got a stop loss in case mango royally fucks us
 🕯Death to the 🐭🕯
My puts are finally printing!
It's risky cuz literally every single other company that went through earnings has a rise the weeks before and they destroyed earnings and STILL plummeted after earnings, but nio seems to be built different and I would say similar to xpeng since they're both Chinese ev, and nio is better
Bulls: "bears hate America. Never bet against America"


Also bulls: *sells US indexes to load into scam Chinese stocks*
short oil, sure

short spy? no way
🤡
Hell yeah, got my hands on the new Xbox, I paid $200 over retail and am going to play the same games I had anyway, but still. I snagged a bunch of SLV calls for next year, so I’ll be rich anyway.
Just buy any of the 1/15/2020 if you think earnings will be positive. I have one call expiring Jan20 and I imagine they will beat expected earnings and I’ll make a few bucks in it I’ll sell tomorrow or if it tanks I’ll hold to zero.
Edit: They missed expected earnings but did increase sales and expect around a 30% revenue increase for 2021. I’ll be buying a option for Jan2021 soon.
Is SPY gonna mega pump last 30 mins again and erase all my gains like yesterday? 🤬🤬🤬
how can a ps5 take down walmarts website?
[deleted]
HEY!  That's Mr. Crayon Man to you!
Is it the 2020? 2021? I need more details on the 911
Thank you China, very cool 😎
jack ma i just wanna talk ❤️
Sweet, music to my ears sitting with 243 shares rn hopefully they can see a decent jump up after earnings
[deleted]
Wait you weren't shorting amc because its jump made no sense in light of the vaccine? Because yeah... it makes no sense. The market isn't rational right now. Idiots bought in on travel/hospitality on monday like fucking morons and its been the easiest money I've ever made shorting cruise lines, amc, and dave and busters.

I went cash today because personally I don't trust the irrationality of the market atm
For my sake, I hope your wrong. May the best gambler win
This Reddit should ban these little teenage gays with all these loser memes they keep posting, nobody cares, can’t even read good DD or find good Loss or gain porn. Do your jobs mods, you’re gay too
f
I like this this is good. I’m already in GME but baba lookin good, feel like I missed out on the spce train
Calls
Bigly
That company sank 2 years ago bruh lol and it was like 2 dollars. It ain't going back up
nah it's going to the moon, OTM 2021 calls gonna print
[deleted]
PLTR gonna drop AH huh
What do we think, boys? NIO to $50 tomorrow or pull back?
[deleted]
I hope I can sell my puts in the morning for profit

Aka futures don't fuck me pls
PLTR, VXRT

Or just do the opposite of what you see being done on this thread.
[removed]
🇨🇳 🇨🇳 🇨🇳 
Long live Xi Jinping
Crayon man is here
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-13 20:07:48 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-13%2020:07:48%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jswzjy/big_brain_time/gc2x1wt/?context=3)

[**2 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjswzjy%2Fbig_brain_time%2Fgc2x1wt%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-13%2020%3A07%3A48%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jswzjy)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
Ah, an upmarket Volkswagen, well done
Thats a solid hold
yo i swear the odds trump wins the election is higher than we think
You silly moron, the CCP controls everything of their interest inside and outside the PRC
F me
Well, there's XPEV
definitely a member from this sub
This ain't it
anyone have an answer as to why tesla is dropping today? other than STONKS ONLY GO UP
you wouldn't bet against the chinese economy
Solo
I honestly enjoy every single recycle of this meme. The words don’t even matter to me anymore.

I just updoot on sight.
Fuck you
VXX is literally free money. Buckle up bulls!
[deleted]
You could’ve bought literally any call on nio xpev li and doubled your money but no you wanna predict the market instead of reacting to it
Nice
It’s a long time till January
Chatter is CA to announce some tomorrow
Not really. I’m finally green for the day. Up 1.1k now but damn theta was being a bitch earlier.
12/18 300p
Li Auto
Puts on pretty much anything
I just got over it. Definitely fucked my lungs up a bit, but I do got Assma
Lol some guy said spirit wouldn’t give a shit about covid last night when I voiced concerns about airlines
same I kept selling for losses but now made my money back hahaha
SAPCEX has absolutely zero to do with TSLA - they are separate companies in completely different industries.
you dumb fucking cretin you fucking fool absolute fucking buffoon you bumbling idiot, congrats and fuck you.
yup... still get ptsd from it
Anyone holding Nio through earnings after that Xpeng earnings report?
remindme! 1 day
It’s been a fun ride today. Didn’t panic sell like I normally do and am happy about it.
Down 98% in less than two years?  


Obviously it's due for a turnaround.  


I'm buying a million shares just so I can say I own a million shares.
Thanks, feels good to officially be part of wsb now
This thing going to bust through the floor of $320 in a week or two.
Thats what we call your mom
Who tf is this homeless guy on CNBC ? Looks like he hasn't showered in months
Pls futures , just for one day, limit the fuck down tonight
[deleted]
retards buying puts thinking this dip is their calling
considering as well, it always happens. Vaccine news would come out, spike the prices, and die the next day or two
Today’s close is a bargain for tech, now that corona is getting worse
🇨🇳
Time to slowly, painstakingly claw my way out of this hole!
NIO is unstoppable.
I want to hear from everyone who gets it how bad it is for them. How do you feel?
You are just jealous you can’t buy in for 30$ anymore
[removed]
Up 28% this month and it’s kind of scaring me
Stim is dead bulls r fuk lmaoo
Have you?
#all you do to get around PDT is pull your money out of Robinhood and go into Webull or whatever other brokerage and then you are free to do another boring 3-4? day trades again. (or whatever it is? because I have never cared about that since I sell options and trade futures - futures don't even have any kind of PDT rule, trade all night and even on Sundays..

#PDT only restricts you to that specific broker.. not the others! 

#trade on!
Any good non NIO plays?
Guys I checked my tea leaves and NIO go uppy.  This iv is wild though
VOO
It’s you.
BABA, SPCE, or GME. Study the charts and look at upcoming events for ideas on how to play each.
🇺🇸🦅🖨
just dont fucking dance
now THAT is the big brain move
Do the nio haters not understand that this shit is here to stay?
outsmarted
Yes
Tom Lee is always holding calls. You can tell.
I’m such a pussy I only have 50, I’ll buy more after earnings are posted
Bought NIO puts 🇺🇸
Apple holding up pretty well despite the downtrend.  Must mean the end is near
Lol
Freaking go up!
now who isnt buying this dip?
Thats the attitude!
All sell offs are fake & gay didn’t you know
do you wear masks? go to restaurants?  Or were you pretty damn safe and still got it and mad as hell?
hell ill lick it for free
Stop yelling
Has Tom Lee ever had a moderately bearish thought in his entire life?
Gayer
ZM to 600 for the inevitable lockdown coming year end
September?
This game is only fun when you are winning 😔
same here
Bruh he got one Chinese eye 😂
Wut. Puts or calls man.
Brown
Same brother. God be with us
I believe in ZM🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Is TSLA fuk? Or is the SPACEX launch going to save it from the red wave of communism?
Hasn’t been a ton of lock down news yet. That and hospitals at over capacity is coming soon. My guess over the weekend.
I’m a bear and this post is stupid
Been watching divergent high, after divergent high for the past 2-3 weeks my man!
See ya later 352. Fuck off 👋
priced in
Word
NIO
Got some buying opportunities lining up
I’m already 100 of the OI on the 11/20 $13c
Told you guys a selloff was coming and you downvoted me. 🤡🤡🤡
oof
I'm selling mine at EOD, except for a couple of lotto tickets I'll let ride through tomorrow
[deleted]
More nio calls
Bought energy and spy puts Monday and watched premium bleed all week.... until now 🩸🩸🩸
I'll lick your sister's taint if NIO closes above $50 today.
[deleted]
Congrats you are retarded
Organic growth
WE DID IT BOIS
APPLE to the MOON

&#x200B;

jk.... f apple after wiping me out a few months ago
Oldest brother has it, so I guess it would make sense. 

Thanks buddy, I appreciate. I hope so too.
I think low volume selloffs are just as bullshit as low volume pumps, could be a trap
What a pump and dump this week was lmfao
Did it make you less gay?
Yeah that's a good pay rate. Might as well cash out
DEFINITELY hold
Hold
no prob
If u continue to trade, heart ripping is an occupational hazard, no matter what.
disagree... will rally into close and then tank on earnings
Biden is paying for the sins committed by Orange man
[deleted]
Give it time
Banking on this 🙏
Extended with SPY reversing, my option contract have enough time to bear
VOO IVV
bahaha nope. TO 49 WE GO
SPY went up so much that it could drop to around 343 and still be considered bullish.
Nio puts.. time to feel dirty
Vix broke 27, buy puts
Do you think the airlines are gap filling right now from the vaccine pop or are they truly fuk?
yup figure four more is in the bag...
🐓🐓🐓
Put holders got rich today
[deleted]
Bears taking control over SPY. Keeps hitting new LOD.
Why is NET such a beta today?
Diamondhanding PLTR Nov '13 $16 calls LFG
Buy NIO 'cause Chinese Musk said so !
Well that's what I'm worried about, it reversing AH from the FOMO of shorting everything.
Power dump, let’s goooooo
Indeed
NIO is daddy.
Haha, same for me.  Good luck!
[pets.com](https://pets.com) should've been chewy on steroids
You sure about that?
Feelin' that way myself.  Learning patience has been the only thing that helps, for me anyway.  Good luck to you though brother!
No, tomorrow
Power hour not so powerful
You beautiful retard
Will Spy open red or green tomorrow?
Brb gonna go rub one out to get post nut clarity so I know what to trade eod
Cmon Trump daddy my NIO puts want tariffs. Give me the good stuff 💯
DO I holdfast on my SPY DEC20 $326p or sell now for profit
VIX getting rona tomorrow. Put time
Looks like SPY broke 352
[removed]
“cash to settle” lmao
Fuckin seriously autistic masochists
You know what the answer is. Name just a single WSB pumped stock that didn't crash and burn immediately once it gained traction
[pets.com](https://pets.com) took 268 days from its IPO to go BK.
mods took it down
That moment when 10%+ dont get u hard anymore
[deleted]
He and I have been having a good, constructive discussion.

How have you been helpful?
Agree. Just sold my 11/13 puts for profit and bought calls.
He needs another Big Mac
UVXY shares
It scares me that zm isn’t mooning on lockdown news
American companies need to make cars that don't suck and maybe, just maybe, their stock will go up
[deleted]
An interesting power hour finally
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Death-By-Snail the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Where ya seeing that?
PLTR about to take another dive
Holding
Check out the daily Fluidigm chart. Heavy ascending triangle and about to explode into close. Get in big for a quick scalp.
Nice
you gonna buy calls right before ER today?
It’s almost done tanking it’s at bottom
Only Put that I have is DDOG.
Lol
XPEV puts swingin like Paul walls Cadillac
Doors
Any promising smallstreetbets plays while I'm waiting for cash to settle? FSR still look nice?
Spirt is trying to drill to china
Okay doom bear 🤪
ITM is greater than OTM
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SuitGuy111 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
God damn, I wish there was a place in this office to go scream with all the other day traders
Thanks, this is probably what I'm looking for. Too bad there are no weeklies though.
I told y'all to buy UVXY this morning.
[deleted]
This is a bear trap you idiots. Have you not traded for longer than a fucking week to see the trend?
We’re in an up trend so
Like if you’re not depressed anymore ( 🌈 🐻’s ONLY)
You think so?
So fukin annoying hoping for 352 break, when this POS should be 339 anyway.
Buy the rumor. Sell the news.
Dang those are some high strikes
[Calls on clean energy ](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/nov/11/buddha-would-be-green-dalai-lama-calls-for-urgent-climate-action)
Think we gonna moon after earnings ?
spy not tanking enough
Fucking shit I can't catch a break in this fucking market
What the hell is wrong with you
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Get your uber puts ready boys

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt1lmp
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt1lmp) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/artificialdawn, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
MadejustforWSB
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Remindme! Ever
*1 cent call option goes up 200%*
Can you take a trip on a few cruises for me ?
Xpeng to the Moon. Its up by 35% today.
You must ride the little bus
Where did you go to have your will done?
I don't think there's a lot of risk there. But the gains seem poor to me too. It has definitely traded under 11 lately.

I'd sell an 11p and take shares if assigned personally. I like GME at 11. That's my opinion though - I like the potential of these shares even if all of the hype on stocktwits and WSB has been pretty garbage so far. If you understand the manipulation of this stock, you can make solid money while waiting for probable significant further upside IMO.
Wait for it...
Like if you were a gay bear all week and knew this crash was upon us 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Holding shares long term (years) is the best strategy you can have. As long as the company is solid.
hold spy puts? i dont see it jumping over night but ive had my heart ripped out too many times
I will join you
"352 is lava" lol
This sounds pretty convincing actually
Nope. Gonna fall fast 47 and close right above 46. Tomorrow we’ll open at 42 and start again
I may be a retard but im a richer retard
Thanks, I am honored to get crushed by a meme stock if it doesn't pan out.
You need to wait to buy and buy shares man.. wake up..
+150% on NIO arm, Will probably be a negative tomorrow
damn 💎 hands... imagine only buying 4 contracts
This looks exactly like my 1 year graph
True. I’m not even bearish at all, actually bullish. But $100 by end of year is just ridiculous. It would probably be the fastest run up in history if it did
Just bought more.
Need that NIO hulk dick
Pandemic ain't over yet
I just got banned from there for same reason they emailed me saying there is no exemption no waiver
barely a dump what is this
VIX PUT THE TEAM ON HIS BACK THO
Why isn’t APPL turning red?
Took profits on a bunch of my NIO may calls on the Trump China news. Hope I don’t regret it
👌🏽
Probably the EU lawsuit weighing on them. Better not be Bezos again, fucker wiped out all my gains last time.
Fuck even NIU is up...
Took profits on NIO what should I yolo on
Mango trying to crash the market so he can blame Buyden
SPXL
But but but I thought twee fifty two wuzzzz supportttt 🥺
[deleted]
Can XPEV die already?
I'm in 50k, I'd say around there is safe if you hold for 10 years
r/tinystreetbets
#power hour
-1.4% HF the world is over
buy.....tuna! lmao
Hey if you like NIO I have some Worldcom, Enron, and Pets.com stock I’ve been holding.  Bought in 2000 so must be worth a fortune now.  For sale cheap!
DKNG IS SOOOO FUCKING GAY.
Anything that gets you off the couch
So you’ve got 45 grand in a Chinese car company that just doubled in price last week now valued at $32B?  Bet your childhood self didn’t see this coming 🍻
I just got Cisco puts for a lotto. Bruh these bitches are up 150%. Smh. I should’ve saved my daytrades. I need this bitch to crater for earnings.
PLTR on Sale NOW!
That is the consequence of every 🌈 🐻. You guys just don't learn....stonks only go up.
Lolno
Fucking hell I just loaded up on PLTR calls and now you’re scaring them away.
TRADE WARS BACK ON THE TABLE BOIS
Made 200% on today's SPY puts because I only put down $500. I'll take it though.
Healthy pull back. Going to skyrocket to 360 tomorrow.
SO am I gonna hold these SPY puts expiring tomorrow overnight or take the money and run? Hedging with VXX puts.
Damn I need baba to have a great week next week
[removed]
[deleted]
Its gonna hit 50 before close, buying more
Already got those calls. Might grab a put to stay hedged just incase
Resistance isn’t real every number just has another one
So this
Dm me
You get used to it.  Imagine owning tens of thousands shares of TSLA.  That used to move like fifty to hundred dollars everyday.
You can look at the affected companies
First and ten Bears, Michael VIX under center, fakes the handoff to DXY and rolls left, VIX on the sweep here, GETS A GREAT BLOCK and BOUNCES OUTSIDE, and VIX is still going down the sideline! Pushed out, but a gain of 14 on the play!

And that's a thing the Bulls defense has to account for is this explosive speed that Michael VIX has, he's truly an all purpose weapon
UVXY calls went from -80% to -40%. Whoopeee
I'm good I'll just execute my put 😎
Tf?
Anyone holding puts through EOD or selling last minute?
I brought late still At a lose. Currently it will grow surely it will grow
More BUD puts, I guess
Is li auto
4* limit is more than 3 in a 5 trading day rolling cycle. Idk I don’t use schwab
So bummed :(
Bro. You won the internet for the day with this one.

Say something to the people:


P.S. - Gun Katas > Bullet Time

^(just didn’t have the budget)
[deleted]
Sold my palantir. I'll pick it back up at $13
What other ETFs track SP500? SPY, SPXS, what else?
More lockdowns coming tomorrow.
Please dont say that. I need 4k to be the new 3.5k lol
Good time to enter for 1-2 mo calls for PLTR? IV still above 100% so it may still have room to sink
this is just a hiccup before powerhour kicks in and pumps to 49
I'm riding it to either heaven or hell
Puts on Thanksgiving
Last chance to buy PLTR for cheap!
You put up a good fight SPY now let’s ride this wave back down to $340
Look at the 3 month SPY chart. 🦘
When a company in China has credit at national banks it is backed by the national government.
When the clip hits the floor and ITM popped up lol
BUCLKE UP EV BITCHES WERE GOING FOR A RIDE
ZM gonna do ZM things tomorrow with lockdown news
All that coming from a dude who's profile pic is a bull.
Idk, I have been diamond handing my calls for awhile now. But days like today make me second guess myself.... like having an existential crisis on just how far on the spectrum am I?!?!?
Really hate to be the wet blanket here guys, but NIO broke trend on the 10th, all we're doing now is back-testing.  We hit the bottom of that broken trendline which caused the dip we all just saw.  not sure if they'll recover that trendline but we'll see...
Biden can smell my calls from the other side of the planet
You saw that revenue tripled in earnings call today, right?
[deleted]
Buying more .
Really debating on how long I’m gonna hold my tlt call it’s a 11/20 but man these tendies are hard not to take
We rallying till end of day, tech is safe
ATVI, LOGI, and other stocks with massive tutes ownership do not move very well at all. I learned this the hard way. Play it safe
You right though.
The 🥭news was nothing to do with NIO and china are heavily pushing EVs. I honestly think NIO will reach 60 pre earnings and possibly 75 EOY
Amwl to the moon 🚀
Why would you do that to yourself?
yea we gucci I'm 100% in shares holding for years. might fuck around with a couple of leaps but I'm not touching weeklies on these crazy volatile tickers
Ugh fuck you Walmart how the fuck am I supposed to bu ya PS5 if your site doesn't work
Amazon suppose to be a corona „stay at home“ stonk. Why it’s fading ffs
👌🏻
Bought calls & puts on PLTR so hopefully it moves big in either direction
Mulan was a failure to them in Asia though, and the US. Netflix lost subscribers so I don’t think Dis+ did much better.
lmao shit needs to go to 3.5 asap though
Way to be an hour late
[deleted]
Don’t worry guys, I sold half my puts 10 seconds before I’d finally broke through. YOU’RE WELCOME.
Still looking the same or has your target price changed after today?
Makes sense. I appreciate the actual answers!
guys i don’t feel so good about holding this sold put on pltr 14 🤢🤢🤢🤢
I have 50 XLe,  XLF and CCL puts, sell or hold over night ???
Sell your puts. All the bears are already jumping ship today. Good riddens.

Tonight Palantir smashes earnings and the bulls win.
Li had a recall recently so if they report bad, it's not a reflection on NIO. But if they report good, it boosts NIO.
[deleted]
$FB 340C 12/24
doesn't seem like BABA is included in that, unless they're doing Secret military business with XI, who hates Jack Ma right now. Big sales for singles day and way oversold.  I've lost so much money these past two weeks and decided to let it fall on BABA. 

Position: 12/11 $300C or I'm on the streets
Alright NIO, I’m gonna sense you going to 50 by end of day. No rush no rush, I’m just excited for your baby steps
stop the market!
Sour cream hour
On puts
Yeah LK seems to be forgotten about very quickly. I've seen nio since $14 but I'm not tempted because I don't trust the CCP. Look at BABA, one wrong comment and the key man is removed.
If XPEV crushed it NIO should also. Let see what LI have for us tomorrow
come on DRILL BITCH
spy drilling!
OOHH SHIT
Rally helmet is secured and tight
Applebee’s is hiring
has to moon, but what about pfizer bro
Nice
Sell
Plug
How you holding up man??
considering -30 is fucking impossible, calls it is
This NIO shit is bound to leave everybody bankrupt
Why?  They're offering more shares because they are struggling so bad......
Saaame
352 is dead. here we go.
Fuck no. Those boomer ass stocks suck ass
Why not
No problem, appreciate the info. It's helped a ton.
nice mayne, wish i was retard enough to yolo nio last night...
No brainer, unless you love missed opportunities. There's already a vaccine and Moderna is about to give some positive news EOM.
We did it boys
Chinese company named FANG.com lol
Sold too early. Still made back someone my losses, can’t complain
I thought stimulus was coming after elections 🤡🤡🤡
Caymans rock!
tesla q4. its coming back, shanghai is finally operating at capacity it should, vehicles will be cheaper. tesla will have a jump this next quarter these chinese companies are a sign of whats to come
U don’t fuck here . You only get fucked
Just 5x. Little $150 lotto ticket
Hold
Wow they're doing pretty poor today. Still think they'll be fine in the medium term at least, not great for those with calls expiring soon though
When's the expiry? If the expiry is this week, I would sell. IV Crush will take them down to basically their intrinsic value only.
350 here we cum
SPY puts baby
I’m selling puts for the IV crush, hopefully it works out
FUCK NOK! Wont move for shit and bleeds me out every time
Bot can’t handle the YOLO
CLOSE THE MARKETS!
I only play earnings
Why what’s the reasoning behind the play
https://twitter.com/LiveSquawk/status/1326977314782113793?s=20

Puts on Chyna stocks.  Maybe.  Who the hell knows?
is it bye bye spy - or a fake lie?
Uh oh, looks like 352 has been broken.
Dude LI has ER tomorrow, potential massive IV crush. All EV is gonna have IV crush
Well if you made $12,000 today from shares of xpev alone you could probably tolerate a little sweat
352 broke for reals now, bots gave up
Bottom is 351.22 for spy and up we go
Did you get Thursday confused with Tuesday LMAO!
Tempting to get ZM call before close. 2 green days straight
That's what happens when you own 1,000 shares
I've been looking at it on stop. I'm just shaking my head
Internet explorer is that you?
PLTR shakeout about to end, load up now
Uk announces China broke clean energy pact, considering sanctions. Xpev, nio: oh yeah well let me moon on this news
Sold my 11/13 352’s for 100% profit. Can’t take anymore of staring at this SPY chart nonstop
Bye bye 352
thats why im doing both, i have 300 long term shares i am not touching, and then using some side money to play the market actively..

i am a noob but i have a decent strategy i think... decent floor, high ceiling
Give it a week
guys need some good advice... boutta hop on a flight in 30 so cant trade, should i exit my june meli leap? i want to buy back lower, but not sure it goes lower like that...
So we holding NIO?
The one previous time I didn’t fight the mouse, I lost...
BYE BYE 352
17th
What y’all Yoloing on today
352 finally broken????
I would hope you’re at ATH after two +100% days
it only pumps when nobody's looking
Absolutely
Op and autists of reddit....I see this posted all of the time on here. A first time 90 day PDT is not the end of the world.

Now listen and listen closely. If like I said this is your first PDT call up customer service at your broker and ask as a courtesy to have it removed. Plead ignorance and you were unaware of the rule. Promise that you are now educated on the rule and that it will never happen again. They will remove it. ONE TIME.

After that try and get 25k in your account and you will never have to worry about it again.

Youre welcome...
Someone doesn’t understand options.
Tuesday. That’s why I’ve been telling people buying puts now is stupid.
I lost 50 percent on my LI calls when I sold them on Monday.

I would've made 400 percent if I held to today
is it?! can it be!? haha shoulda held my put
Is NIO gonna crush earnings ???
[deleted]
Trump trying to get people to back off Chinese stocks and invest in American made FORD and GM.
Literally NIO is the only position holding me up. Strolling through my list and only NIO is green lmao
Tuesday AH
My dick is going to implode the way NIO is moving right now holy moly
Wrong. The companies that bailed out NIO with 1 billion, are state owned. The city just authorized the deal formally under the Anhui province regulations. Which was overseen by the Chinese Government. So stating it is backed by the Chinese Government is a totally valid statement. And these tendies are very thankful.
nio 50 eod?
You can still get calls. It won’t fall again until earnings
Strippers call me rain man because I have a lot of money and am also severely autistic
Go down with the ship or live on in glory
Date and strike?
This is the kind of stuff I’m here for. Good luck mate, I’m rooting for you.
Holy shit algos really love 352
Just chill. Palantir is a rock solid company. It isn't a penny stock that will swing down into oblivion forever.

And good for you for abandoning China and standing with a truly American company.
Go on back up, put in another divergent high, I'll gladly sell that rip ;-)
Power hour up or down?
Don't listen to analysts.
Breach coming.  Landing at 351.
I remember they even skipped earning call couple quarters ago (when NIO at $1.50) 😂
How many shares should I buy to be a millionaire. *I wants to be a millionaire*
Selling at the first sign of a drop.. opposite would be diamond hands where you hold no matter how much it drops
nope. gonna break 49 for close then 50 in after hours and blast to 60 next trading days.
Brother, how do you create that meme? It has so much potential lol
He’s holding he even bought more lmaoooo 
I think he has 820 contracts now. If PLTR goes to  24/share OP will make 500k pure profit
Appreciate it man
*rat squeezes lube on to mouse glove*
Art thou feeling it now mr krabs?
Stonks only go up melty melt. ✌️🥴
Just dump it SPY, it’s okay.
[deleted]
No, I own LEAPS.  Up over 100% over the past two weeks... was briefly 200% this morning.  That is too far and too fast a run.  But I'm in this name  until 2022.  I think it'll be $100 by then.
Ladies and gentlemen, please fasten your seatbelts and return your tray table to its full upright and locked position, Power Hour is starting now!
You'd be foolish to even think about puts rn.
Just needs a lil’ nudge. 🌈
NOV 17 Earnings!
Not today no. Next week
i have a problem not cashing out gains on NIO but i can't see a reason for these chinese EVs to not go up all 2021. GYNA wants their own TSLA. They will make it happen.
Anyone think Mango will ever stop crying about the election and push for stimulus?  He said shit would be happening now.
NIO 65 EOW!!!
Better earning 3% on your money than 0.1% in the bank account.
Yea. But the calls are 2022
Turns out I hate free money.
[deleted]
The Man!
It already did, momentarily.
Funny how nasdaq moves nearly identical to election -12 and -16, but sure.
What’s the consensus on baba?  Just bought some dec $280 calls
I have a thousand shares of XPEV. Every time it goes up or down a dollar I gain or lose a thousand dollars. Making me a little nervous.
Literally fuvk these outlets that disclose China news without any context for investors. 

Everyone shouts USA but that move literally is designed to fuck us all over. Yea...go USA.
Gotta wait till Ma sucks Xi’s Cock then it will work out
Next week
Bruh SPY and NIO are doing like a perfect inverse. People are selling SPY and buying NIO.

I'm sure nothing can go wrong, here.
Losing money on NIO? Impressive
fprx puts? seems like a big correction might be due but these fuckers r saying they might cure cancer so idk
Look how much it’s gone up in a single day, that’s not normal growth. It’s due for a correction and probably soon after this hype dies down. If LI fucks their ER tomorrow XPEV is dropping 10% easily
I’m tellin y’all the time is now to get into CRWD
Me
Yes, your brain doesn't accept losses as real and thinks it will recover them in the next play, even if it's obviously shitty for everyone else. You go for riskier plays because the reward is usually higher, even if the risk is not worth it.
HOLY SHIT THAT RALLY!! ATH tomorrow!
Just got Jan 16c
me 1000%. it going to 50 in after hours. hype it real.
It’ll pass 50 after hours
It only goes up from here😎😎
I feel like they are gonna kill it with streaming but the parks are bleeding them out
Wait....NIO not reporting earnings today???????????????
Can’t wait to do a stupid low volume pump on SPY into close like yesterday
Whos selling NIO calls before close???
It’s gonna print a welfare check bruh
Power!!!!
lmao how is that still a thing
[removed]
Or you could not pull your cock out during a ZM call...
Trump is irrelevant
What do you mean?
[me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9RVS8cjNN0&ab_channel=haikuginger)
Look closer you can see he's winking...SIKE
Stay out until after earnings. Then buy calls
I think it’s gonna break the daily record. It was over like 308 a week or two ago. This is higher than Tesla daily vol ever was.
My Zoom call is my hedge. Basically a SPY put. 🤷‍♂️
The rare tres comas from Robinhood
Reinstall the app
well, I guess since I don't get paid I would be classified as a volunteer.
It's both.
Step market. What are you doing?
That slag amzn needs to find the stairs.
 Break 352 you stupid bitch
Please need a power hour
False. The sentiment here is absurdly bullish on NIO, correct. However, the amount of bears that believe they have timed the top perfectly is *also* high. The stock doesn’t crash until bears capitulate. Such is the way of the Stonks.
Up bilgy from streaming numbers, metrics, and mulan numbers. Disneyland in Asia has also been open since last qtr. 

Would play er if I had money but sadly it's all in amzn/tsla/zm calls.
Not puts, too late for calls
Plz don’t b double bottom
CALLS IF YOU WANT MONEY
Im in for shares, but 8% dip in the day, Jesus...
MM’s
It was on sale an hour ago
It is 11/20 47p. Not scared.
#POWER HOUR
I own the underlying so its profit either way, but i wouldn't expect you to know what that means.
How do u calculate movement? Sum of ATM put and call?
How can one number have so much power
If you think they're worth zero, I'll happily take some 40-month-to-expiry calls off your hands for pennies. 

There's a nobel laureate that disagrees with your thinking, but you're probably right.
which way thouhgg
Leaps but yea
Right, when is it expected?
quit fuking around, buy NIO calls, make money.
[Massive NIO bid/ask just sitting in waiting](https://i.imgur.com/2uE6QG2.png)
hi welcome thanks for coming, hope you knew that a long time ago - or were in a coma ....lol
its not even mini pumping but it wants to bounce hard off 352. fine then keep your secrets
More NIO.
My NIO stock balancing out my SPCE calls is probably the funniest shit of the day because it flipped from yesterday.
might dump some XPEV and rebalance into more NIO and LI, I feel like XPEV is the only one where the production/delivery numbers aren't matching the surge
Didn’t hire you? Calls now, surely
NIO
yup. power hour about to take off.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/eljunbo809 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trump trying to take your nio gains away
airlines and value for when moderna announces their vaccine
LAST CALL! NIO GOING TO 49 IS LEAVING NOW!
this stock blows dick
Tech oversold, next week🚀
Honestly i think that panic sell will give it enough breathing room to go green again tomorrow but not as crazy as today
shitty coffee
I’m worried about my shares/spreads now at this point. Nothings ITM but still I’m sweating and lost a lot of premium and about to start losing collateral.
Positions
SQQQ 21/21.5 11/20
SPY 350/349 11/16
TWTR 42.50/42
If spy breaks 352 completely I’m closing everything.
TDOC 11/13 195C
Bit of both
that's a bit to high of an estimate isn't it?
Nio puts or calls
You should look into market cap weighting of both indexes.
Who’s holding onto to NIO until tmrw
Guys guys guys I know I know. NIO is gonna go up. But if it doesn’t, then it will definitely go down. That being said, don’t forget it can (but probably won’t) go sideways.
I forgot people use apps for reddit
Anyone playing DKNG earnings??
it wont mayne, not today... maybe 3200 is the new 3500?
The sole reason I won’t buy NIO options is IV. Wait for next IV crush and then buy some calls is my plan
Itm calls are pretty likely to profit imo
AMZN fucking annoying as shit, just chilling between 3000-3500 for months.
Enjoy theta and iv crush
I LOVE WFH. I'M LITERALLY BUTT-NAKED WHILE WORKING RN. SO COMFY!
Some institution that sold too many dumb as fuck 350Ps is just throwing cash into the furnace
Cool. Premiums on it really aren't bad at all. I have 11/27/20 $65P on BUD and 12/31/20 $41.50P on TAP. Good luck!
POWER HOUR ENGAGE
good time to buy SPCE imho.
Aren’t they up like 50% in last month?  Seems like sell off should continue down to $12
Took profits on NIO.  What’s the next move?
good luck bro !
Xpeng boosted up Chinese ev today. If li auto reports good tomorrow it’ll be another catalyst for NIO 🐻
What are thoughts on 12/18 puts on LI after run up today and potential sell off following earnings?
Pinned exactly at 352 until January
How come?
SPY 350 is very possible. Doesn't look like we are getting an EOD rally.
Got an XPEV put, you’re welcome bulls
Yes Nio actually benefited
I've hot a few NIO shares as well. I'm so sad to have sold the NIO shares i had in June. Same for the xpeng shares i bought at 19$ a few months back.

What do you think about precious metals? I'm putting ba lot of faith in silver right now as it should rise with the EV market.
So basically everyone’s tryna sell it ASAP since it broke 352?
if spy dips under 352 trump will declare he identifies as a woman and stock market will rocket cuz first female president elected
all depends on if mrna news is early imo
I personally think it may drop back down to 46/47 tomorrow, but I have no doubts it's going higher long term. Get in while you can.
Hmmm
Nio will climb all the way to earnings then it will fly out of this galaxy all the way to andromeda
it will get higher.. lockdown is back
Big dip buying gonna happen EOD
SPY 365C

SPY 300P
what puts u buying
^^^ how to get SECd
FREE AMERICA NOW!
it's the thought that counts
352 is lava
Will hold ...
I've been looking at that data for months.  Maybe you have to be rain man or something to make it work in your favor.  In my case, it just gives me false confidence in my moves ("Oh, look at that wall of buyers at $10.  I'll sell puts at $9 and I'll be safe.").  Usually doesn't work out.  But I'm dumb.
NIO IV is insane
Fukin awesome
no, i sold this morning waiting to buy back in
Drill rest of day likely
Most overvalued stock market since dot com bubble.

Gonna be a scary few years
Fuck around and find out.
You call that a dip?
Who they?
[deleted]
LOSING SO MUCH MONEY ON GNUS
Nio 60c expiring tomorrow
can u believe i bought nio call spreads and spy put spreads yesterday? where was this guy all year???
I don’t even understand this sub anymore lmao
AND STAY DOWN
If I load up on calls it’s for sure going to become a penny stock again
i luv u more
In most of America you can get a solid home for under 300k, and that includes decent suburbs of most cities. But if you wanna live in the cool area with more shit to do I guess you can
Elaborate please
can you still withdrawal your money?
You think it’s worth buying puts. I’m noticing they are just starting to go up in price. Seems like people are dumping and buying puts on it.
Is FVAC a pump and dump or are people just really into anything tangentially related to EVs haha
It’ll easily keep going up until earnings. After earnings idk
I dont feel so good Mr. Spy!
Read my post man, literally said hold or buy more during that mini “correction”. Retards on here bought puts. Dumb ass
use apollo app like an adult
could just tank tbh
More lockdowns plz
RKT my only green in a sea of red
11/20
Damn, they reeeeally don't want this going below 352...
I have the same mentality, but WSB keeps telling me gains are gains.
Disney strangle?
someone on a cruise just got covid. lol google it
In and out of Nio for another 30%
[deleted]
Damnit left my house for a bit and missed the top on xpev
Pornhub
sell bro
Still time to buy baic 😁
bro just take out a 25k loan and yolo NIO
Thoughts on SE?
Any PLTR diamond hands here 💎
Nio Shorts trying to cover but its too late cuz china is buying the dip again
Green or red tomorrow?
Because it’s PFE
Did you save at your last check point?
Genuine question... is there something about being on tilt that makes you almost subconsciously purposefully pick losing plays
JD go up again tomorrow?
ALL ABOARD! NIO GOING TO 49 IS LEAVING IN 1 MINUTE!
Nio rally goes till EOY
Spy 352 is done for
Lmao
AMZN is about to be unstoppable while the rest of the market burns.
real talk
Seems like the pattern is spike in the morning then fade rest of the day. Buy calls at end of day, sell first thing in the morning. It did that 3 times which means it'll do it 300 more.
How come stoks go up and then sometimes stocks go dwn
He belongs here.
brother, thats just too retarded
when does Moderna report their results?
expiry?
Let’s find out
[deleted]
Open an account with TD ameritrade and get the TOS app it’s better once you get used to it and when you go over day trades you just chat support and they remove the restriction for you. Robinhood you are fucked. Only difference is commission but it’s barely anything if you are making good returns
Bold of you to assume my brain is that big
12/18 285c lets go
IV is ridiculous.
I like mint chocolate chip ice cream, long walks on the beach, and holding options contracts until they're worth $0.01. What are your hobbies?
Patience.
It’s not slowing down until earnings. Buying puts now just means you hate money
3 months out ?
[deleted]
What’s a lotto?
I am not “seeing” Pluto when I look at a single, dimly lit, fleck of light. When you “see” Jupiter, you can make out the stripes, the giant spot, etc
over-valued?  they don't make any profits... of course it is overvalued.  But it was overvalued at IPO too.  

I agree it will likely sell off more because of the run it had, but it has nothing to do with valuations.
Do we have any other vaccine getting FDA and curing the market next day or we are free to keep puts overnight?
hold PLTR for at least 5 years and enjoy retirement.  


This is not a stock to day trade. This is a millionaire maker
Fine but you gotta send me your wifes bfs only fans account
+150% on NIO
yeah but its not cut and dry, MM fake out big orders
Never ever ever fight the Mouse.
fuck you spy. whatever sold for 75% gain still holding vxx overnight
yep. gonna bounce to 50 in after hours then blast to 60 before you can even blink in the next couple days. get the fuck in now or dont be an autist.
I have calls. Replying so I can gloat in a couple hours.
3:00 shakeout

3:45 pump
If WSB is your most visited website on your mobile browser gimme a hell yeah

Helll yeahhhh
Why is this post archived?
It will go up.. for sure.
Woops forgot to buy PLTR puts in the am :(
Was 2020 the year of the bull?
haha yea sorry im at work trying to type this out and im confusing myself. Its a covered call, so your profits are capped. In this case, theyre capped at $47 because thats the strike. So youre selling something thats you paid $40 for for $47, meaning you make $7 profit. multiply that by 100, subtract leap premium and add the $81 and youre golden. u can ignore the current price of NIO, as long as its above $40 youre not losing any money. Regardless, youre going to pay $40 for it and sell it for $47.
Ban
Every single brokerage has this same rule, it's not just RH.

You're allowed to open multiple brokerage accounts and if you get banned on one just trade on the other.
can you feel it mr. krabs?
this is the way
Do we think the NIO rally extends into tomorrow and early next week pre earnings
Yes but the whales are so skiddish that the orders only stay up for under a minute
Valuations  were considered  high in January when the PE on SPX was 22/23 and covid was surging in China.

PE is 35 now 😬
GET IN CHGG IT LOOK LIKE A FLAG ABOUT TO TAKE OFF
They are gonna rally the Q's in the last hour...
Its gonna bring down the dow
I bought on market open thinking I was going to get maybe make 20-30$ on the stock today and left with $250 in gains. 

I’ll consider buying back later but I didn’t know enough about them and I’d rather toss it into NIU.
I have Spy puts exp tomorrow but I can’t come to grips that Spy won’t go under 352 so I haven’t sold yet
im tarded.
Difference is the same autists will watch it go back down to -75 while the boomers have something to show for their efforts.
There is a lot of buying at 352 - “resistance.”  If it breaks through 352 may fall fast...or it may not.
[deleted]
NIO options for 2023 suggest an implied movement of $80.

So the stock could go anywhere from negative $30 to $130.
The markets would be lame without Rona. Change my mind !
I will crush bull horns like a clam on my tummy. This is the age of the 🌈🐻
going to buy nokia calls now that you've said this
I did not
POWER HOUR, FOLKS. INDICES ARE OVERSOLD AF. BUY OR DIE!
Call your broker if this is **first** time and ask for an exception, they’ll usually tell you not to do it again and you’re back in the game.

Better see some tendies posted after this.
Doesn’t affirmative action guarantee a retard  like you a job?
The sentiment here is too bullish on NIO. Bought some weekly poots
😵
This market is so retarded. I bought NIO put and it went up after but my put is still same price lol
Wanted to give an award. Outta money tho.
Expiry? If it’s longer than a day then yeah
[deleted]
ALL ABOARD! NIO GOING TO 49 IS LEAVING IN 2 MINUTES!
[deleted]
im retarded too lmao bought 50c way OTM 11/20 sold for +150% coulda had +700%. we made money though so fuck the haters
I’m sure he inversed you but will pretend it sucks for your psyche
Prepare a noos
Pump
why the heck did i buy a nio put to hedge, should’ve bought even more calls
QQQ gotta bounce back tomorrow
Puts on ZM now right? Shit can’t get any higher
you too, take care
What’s you guys thoughts on FUBO? It’s currently sitting at 15.30$. A lot of analysis saying it can reach 50-70$ in the next year
I have faith in your retardation
ALL ABOARD! NIO GOING TO 49 IS LEAVING IN 2 MINUTES!
all things considered i'm only down $4.55 cents today!
Why did you listen?
Could of had a Billion dollars. With this logic, why sell yourself short? Again.
seems like everyone here does... you know what that means...

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

da mouse fux us all
I’m just not sure about the vaccine bc it needs to be stored at -70 Celsius which isn’t easy and amc is about to sell 20 million shares to raise funds because they’re burning through 100M each month
As a compulsive gambler I consider this loss porn.
Thats my boy, we in it , xiaomi is fucking great
It’s a support point. If it goes under we should see more of a drop. If it can’t break support it’ll go up
I assuming NIO filled the gap from 49.35 to 46.85, and onto 60
4 months ago maybe
Approaching 300,000,000 NIO shares traded today so far today.
BIG BEAR MEGAPHONE BAYBAY
Lmfao this guy
guess again
Just sold the drunken vix calls I bought yesterday at 2.
Gonna be sooo many nio bag holders in here. Next wave of wipeout has begun, friends  tread carefully
Amen
If Li goes down will Nio go down?
I hope you’re wrong cause I’m holding
Bears looking at NIO: 

*Jesus Christ, it’s Jason Bourne.*
I got 48c and they’re already down... do we hold?
3 minutes until the “what are your moves tomorrow” thread
If a mm is big enough, can they just buy puts and sell spy at minor loss to get massive put profits then rebuy at sale?
Lol
This should really be tsla, nio, then an inception like image thing so it does nio to xpeng
I sure hope so!
I have $115 11/20 calls that im really confident in.
I got puts
Yes
There's so much insane volume on puts that are like 15% otm

Be careful and hedge accordingly
[removed]
1/15/21 c at 11$ 

I have a lot in this so make sure we share in the glory
oh man.. so many of us got fucked by the mouse..
Awfully bearish ITT, time to buy calls
[deleted]
I agree but they also said that about hitting $50 EOW and... well
Y'all told me NIO was dead an hour ago
That ATVI slow bleed fucking sucked today 2% bleed
Seriously. Everyone and their mom is making an EV. NIO and the bunch are up way too much today. This shit isn’t sustainable. 11/20 puts on XPEV.
they don't make that much money?
If you see spy tell that motherfucker im looking for him
What’s DIS doing AH? 

📈 or 📉
Is Chyna good again?
I love you. 💕❤️😘
Pls AMZN just break even
Extremely low
It’s actually impressive how quickly algos are bouncing off 352
It’s a support/resistance level
when they started talking about the second stimulus and it never happened.
what was your cost basis?
just sold half for 100% return.  free-riding the other half.  I either win big or get out with what I put in.
YES
Temporary relief rally in tech after getting blown away after the vaccine news. Sell off is about to continue.
All I want for Xmas is some spy puts
That NIO dip was a sweet entry but I cant hold the 47c overnight. Or can I.
Keeps teasing it too, such a naughty bitch
It’s like it’s setting up for wave 2 put again
User name does in fact not check out
Funko Pops probably their biggest revenue generator
Spy’s not breaking $352
Should I sell my PFE 11/27 39.5 calls?

Whys it goijg down so much after vaccine news? Youd think itd skyrocket
market rigged 352 has insane strength
I did see March. Lol. People were losing their minds. This thread right now is reminding me of it, which is wild for a -1% day.
Give me a 1000% play.
Wow if you look at the 10year US bond yield fluctuations, markets about to move
yea well its a nasty world for sure. myself been in telecoms/it and automotive for a long time and most of it in asia. in asia now but south of china - dealt with them a lot in both of the above industries. and hey its not like we are angels in terms of industrial espionage but they are right up there. i guess the difference is us, we are naive i think from having been on top for so long and have been caught off guard cause someone is now doing it better and doing it to us....but hey its only what i think from what i have seen, could be waay off base.
enjoy the day, fri 13 on deck!
Pltr
Will PLTR be a 3:00 dump or 3:00 pump?
I’m new. Wtf does spy going under 352 gotta do with anything
All-in on stocks homie
I fucking pussed out on two 40Cs yesterday. Could’ve made me like 2k on a 200 dollar purchase
Not really. Doubt many people have money money off buying Tesla puts. Been going sideways for a while. It hasn’t really crashed back down to earth.
[deleted]
Gimme spy 300 daddy plss
True. The past two earnings seemed very positive. Guess I'll start adding a position!
Gay mods that jerk off all day
[deleted]
Is there pressure for the fed to deflate dxy right now?
I respect that
[deleted]
Holding. Drop was huge.
This meme gives he hope. Pls UAL. Pls.
Any chance li moons ?
Just doing my job 🤟
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/boyee34 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lmao. I bought these for $2 AMD change. Worth .90 right now, fml.
You realize the only reason it dropped was unrelated China shaming on trumps behalf...right?
352 🐻🐻🐻 

Edit: Damn, that rejection!
What’s the move, what ER we buying calls for?
352 using that bend not break defensive style
I told someone yesterday that XPEV was a piece of shit stock... I was just salty bc I bought 50 shares last week and it's only gone down since I bought in. Lol
After my SPY puts print.
Autists swooning over these stocks like Trump on porn stars.
diarrhea dump please.
[removed]
good?
I’m in 6k
GME 11/10.5p 11/13 credit spreads are going for $0.15.  Seems like a reasonable risk to me... But I don't know how to read the net deltas or whatever.
Can you pump already pls.
You sound like how I did lmao. stocks up $34 in 3 months. I'm not even talking EOY. I'm talking Tuesday
When did the first wave even end?
I wanna see shorts burn AH.
nio giving you guys one last chance to get in before it breaks through 50 and never comes back
Damn, wtf I just saw Nio and fucking XPENG. Holy shit. That’s why you guys keep spamming Nio. Damn I guess it was free money. I’m not joining. I never rode the Tesla train either. Actually I rode it once for the SP500 inclusion and lost like half my portfolio.
You smoked your weed stocks?
IM NOT FUCKING SELLING
WSB: "Not even going to CONSIDER NIO until I see a solid dip!"

NIO: "Here's your dip bro."
Cock is erect.
Sir, this is a jack in the box
Okay “resident non-retard” now why the hell would I do that? GTFO with your proper suggestions 😎😡🕋
It’s hilarious how much people are defending this Toobin masturbating guy. “Cancel culture sucks.”
Holding 11/20 130's, this is going to 120 by next week.
Buy $SPY calls at 3:59, sell at 9:30 = free $
300M volume
Took a flyer on NIO 11/20 $40p

Gonna be a pullback somewhat between now and then.
If it does ima try crack for the first time
Unfortunately. I finally got puts on it to make a little back. Still hodling shares until I can dump them for a little less loss.
Have you ever loved anything as much as SPY loves 352?
LI crush earnings NIO moon 12%, NIO crush earnings moons 40%. Its getting there.
Noooooooo
wrapping your entire hand in toilet paper to wipe after taking a shit
Lol at this 352 Spy. Absolutely refuses to break it.
just yolo 100% into amzn stock.
Link to the Facebook group please?
You have mouse puts?? Are you insane
Damn ps5 release really has no effect on sne
Lmfao fr. You’ll recover eventually man. Just don’t $ROPE
[deleted]
Famous last words in this pandemic.
That is the way!
[deleted]
You got puts on the rat? Lord help you
Pretty sure it was funded via a german grant.

https://fortune.com/2020/11/09/pfizer-vaccine-funding-warp-speed-germany/
Depends on your horizon
[removed]
WTF PLTR puts are printing hella WTF???????? Why did this happen right after I said Im selling my stocks now they are going for a lower price :((((((
Yes retard. So where are the unemployment numbers?
Let’s get that dump during power hour eh
Lol, the war goes on
im holding 11/27 $15c
[deleted]
If you’re short on NIO....actually you know what nvm
SPY DRILLING
Pls remember to thank NOK for providing the best Wi-Fi the Moon has to offer.
I’ll hold my shares
Trump turned out to be a real gay bear. PLTR gang, fuck GME, NIO more like no, Ellon Musk still the real president, fuck Joe Biden.
god dammit papa musk
When is it GEs turn
[deleted]
Mormons never go away
Bought calls in Netflix and tesla! Who’s with me??!!
Also charge your phone, u will have no phone and no money lol
Lol I'm a retarded retard
Yeah it just put my child in community college
Anyone else in on FTCH?
WOAH
[deleted]
Wait

Lockdown 2 ? Wtf US is joining Europoosies and locking down ?
VIX FDS GONNA PRINT TOMORROW OR WHAT?
Shoulda just invested in Nio
Puts for the gay 🐭
low
Thoughts on pltr earnings ?
Starting to turn bull
Rope for the fresh restart
Biden has literally never owned any stocks or bonds. We won't have any of this nonsense in January.

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/biden-owned-stocks-bonds/
Xi xi not happy.  🎶That big red freshness blasts right through you. Youre calls will bleed on and on while you hold em ! So say goodbye a little longer, stay a cash a little longer...
nio is going to close over 49 and break through 50 in after hours. buy and hold. you'll make money.
Word. This is probably their YOLO fund. Their ARKK.
Next time inverse yourself for guaranteed profits
That’s what they said about Tesla
This is a good play. Appreciate it.
[removed]
OK... It's not at $100B+ valuations... We can buy calls and still make easy money... China can make us all millionaires.  Why the fuck did we try to get money from Mexico?
Come to think of it, almost all the people I went to highschool with still don't own homes yet. Were fucked. But hey you can get a trendy tiny town home with paper thin walls and no yard that is near a shopping center for the low 400s. What a great time to be in your 20s lmao.
What happened?
They are propping it up until dec when lockup ends. It's maddening.
SPY quit fighting it falling below $352 is inevitable
If LI releases revenue growth like XPENG...yup.
Yes
‘Rona news picked up. ECB meeting. Bond markets were closed yesterday so a lot of people just came back in today.
When these chinese EV's are -15% tomorrow and half the sub is decimated I'll pour some liquor out all you dead homies. No shame in taking profit
Trump gonna put wsb on that list too here soon lol
That’s not very omertà of you bro
Currently on the baba train its prob going to gap up tonight. Maybe bleed the rest of the day again tomorrow.
I bought 14 puts between 30-32 for nov 20, they up $600 in one hour, shit’s gonna print. We gonna fuck that mouse!
Zoom peloton Roku calls stay at home is gonna bounce back
Do we pull out our mouse puts or hold through earnings?
No way it hits $100 EOY
Yeah, I only wish I actually caught it after that rise to ~$13 last week lol. Haven't traded ACB or other weed stocks in over a year prior to today so paid no attention to it
🇺🇸🦅🖨
leap debit spreads ftw!
Hey dude in this case I'd use the robinhood roll back feature. Call support to learn more.
Pump bro. Pretty simple....Li Auto earnings dropping tmmrw. Look at what happened with Xpeng earnings today and how the ev market as a whole reacted.
Why would anyone sell their zm shares? Ask shouldn’t be below $490 right now.
BREAKING: NIO now owns the moon!!
The lockdown 2.0. Then a stimulus that comes from workers, who aren’t working. More and more debt. Then there’s this too- https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
My 50c 11/27 liked this comment
[deleted]
Ah damn, Pharma is a wild ride.
Likelihood we reverse and hit the moon by EOD Fri & save my calls???
nio is pumping to 49. get in and make some cash.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Wild World - Cat Stevens    ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_0U3DlLFSU) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_0U3DlLFSU)⠀►►⠀ 2:33 / 3:50 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
why am i getting downvoted? cause most on wsb thjnk trunk still has a chance and a lockdown is impossible?
:(
Thanks!
Non
I hate power hour 🤮
Lmfaooooooo more like move over buddy I’m next
Yes
12/11 50c 54c

12/18 42c 46c
[deleted]
Chicago probably New York again next
my DEC20 SPY $326 puts are printing
Is 50 possible tomorrow?
WHEN I inverse it will do the opposite LOL
funny, not using walmart +1, website like shit
Edited into the main post.
TA 101
Alexa play Wild World
Gonna fuck with the mouse. I got mouse puts
137%, pffft
BLEED SPY !! 🩸
I bought a shit ton at 9, when everyone was shitting on it.

I bought a shit ton more at 15, and now I'm scared that people on this subreddit are talking PLTR up...
Yes
Imagine hating money so much that you go short NIO or any Chinese EV stock for that matter.
nio past 49 EOD. lets go, shes pumping during power hours guaranteed for people wanting to get in on the after hours growth to 50.
$100 NIO, I laughed at people. I apologize. This stock might just hit $100 if this momentum keeps up and they blow away earnings.
selling palantir. I made 50% returns and I know people that hit 100% returns. I think its getting a lil over-valued. Plus this market is kinda a Bull trap. Usually a week after elections we are suppose to have a shit week.
Stop clenching your assholes bulls. Let it in.
Whose locking down?
Is the correction due though. Knowing absolutely nothing about this company it looks like they mooned because they cured cancer or something. Market cap still under 1b.
Unwinded almost everything today. I'm 80% cash. Only stonks I have our AMZN, AMD, SQ. All of those are up over 20%. Thinking about taking my profits on AMD and SQ and holding onto AMZN.
Lmao where’s aaron Donald when he need him
Lmao they’ve had four fucking years to do this and they didn’t do shit. They’ve given these threats multiple times, asked universities and endowments to divest. This is Trump hitting his lunatic highs to charge his shit campaign, it won’t materialise.
[removed]
Something about anti monopoly regulations
Power hour gonna print ?!
Up
Re-ban
What a bunch of snowflakes lol
Hmmmm... LOL
Why is NKLA still a thing?
[removed]
I told you cocksuckers to buy the dip and watch NIO hit the 50s. Bears, I hope y’all didn’t lose the house betting on sub 20s.
Less than a year ago I was selling nio puts at 3 dollars per share
Dam US have more critical covid cases now than during peak of lockdowns... not good.
Give me the fucking answer I’d you have it dick
Baba April $400 calls free money?
[removed]
What’re the odds NIO 11/13 $52c prints?
He’s prob like how the fuck does he know my wife has sloppy tits?
Also wouldnt  margin cause the same restriction anyway if i bought and sold options 3 times in a week
Very very sour
So spy 100 soon? There’s a gap somewhere way down there lol
Damn, I sure did miss the Chinese EV train. Life goes on.
your mom is a fake support to trap bulls
[deleted]
Which way you reckon?
 Get some calls and you will see how "priced in" it is !
It looks like Uber is selling $100 worth of Uber Cash for $79.99 USD. Unfortunately, OP is a retard and can't take a fucking proper picture.
Whatever happened to the morons who panic liquidated their 401k in March?
Signs lead to a dump but this market is manipulated af so who knows
Ssh, the Mouse has big ears
[deleted]
YOU SHALL NOT PASS 352 BEARS
Jack Ma is short BABA and literally tanked the stock on purpose.
[deleted]
I'd get rid of it and wait for the moderna vaccine info in the coming days, then buy back in if it seems like it got any juice from that
No stick of bubble gum
Jerking off with a magazine rather than using the internet
Expiry?
It's like 85 right now, no?
If NIO closes like this... it’s about to go crazy AH
The lesson learned was if you have gains like that you only take out your original cost basis, and then let the rest ride.
Can pfe keep drilling I’m trying to get to up 100%
More for me
2.5% lmao
What your recommendation for put optio
vxx calls or?
Consider at-the-money December puts on BUD and TAP, both of which are currently at or near post-Covid crash highs. If we're not headed for more lockdowns, we're headed for something like it. Bars and clubs closed, etc.
Treads worn out for sure
What is this? A dip for ants? Up 12% to oops were now only up 10%, then like 30 min later loljk back to 49 we go.
By the time you learn how to play both calls and puts it'll pick a direction, too
they will have great guidance
I hope you guys bought that NIO dip.
You can make money without day trading. You do know it's possible to hold positions overnight right?
Power hour or sour hour?
What do you call a camel with three humps?
Is it wrong for me to think of the EV market as a race? Elon even said in an interview that he believes in speed. Outside of making profits and money for going electric, time is running out for the impact gas is doing for the environment
How many xpeng millionaires were made today? I want to see gains I can cry to.
You're right, the stock is trash at this price. Shouldnt have broken above $14 before earnings, there just wasnt really reason for it.
Straddle on DIS at close. Shady fuck can't be trusted.   
For all we know they thawed out Walt and his blood is the vaccine.
Fuck me i bought leaps this week. We thinking they can recover by jan or cut losses and get in at a better entry point
You haven't seen retarded until you've seen my losses.
Imagine sector rotating into corona stocks when cases are rising
Inverse retard
Okay, so what's exactly making this happen today ? We are really close to breaking 352, 10Y is significantly down saying this isn't fake, Dollar lurking around 93, VIX up by 15%

What exactly changed today ?
Set a stop at your minimum "satisfied" amount and see what it does.
"Show me on the doll where the Bear touched you."
Dude you better be careful with XPEV
Your internet cock is quite huge.  Congrats.
NIO 11/20 48c let’s goooo
352 is a fake support to trap bulls
It’s gonna get crushed tomorrow morning
Power hour should be real interesting today
[deleted]
[deleted]
Shhhh bulls just let it happen 😌
Here we go retards. Power hour time.
More like crashing in
Crooked dick and pointy balls pattern on SPY over the last hour - we about to get fucked
I believe virtually everything I read, and I think that is what makes me more of a selective human than someone who doesn't believe anything.  **NIO TO THE MOON!**
Today
That 352 ain’t holding over night lol .
Missed on a 50% potential gain chance on DIS puts 😭😭😭
Should have just went to the casino and at least got some free drinks. Smh 🤦🏻‍♂️
Pump this shit
No, VUG, SPY, TQQQ, BABA, XOM, BP are 90% of my potofilo. This picture is just options I threw money at this week
Da Maus fucked me over so many times, I’m scared
Ok I am not fuking with NIO until RSI gets to over 90 on the daily.
Slingshot to 50 come on boy!
ive never seen a stronger support than 352 on 11/12
PLTR Call holders HATE me
NIO NIO NIO
OwO daddy will we go back up...?
[deleted]
It was a pharma called MiMedx if I remember right, they got delisted 😂
Also in talks to acquire Tiktok?
You retard, just move the decimal point. If you put $15,000 in, instead of $1,500, you would of made $29,681 instead of 2,681.
I guess nobody is buying physical Uber Eats gift cards. Though I don’t know why anyone would. If you can figure out the app you can figure out Venmo.
You had your Nio drop now we going to 50
I suspected that, but had to mention it anyway.  Wouldn’t want you to do that at your next hooker/blow party and be exposed as a mouth-breather.
bro 352 is a legendary offensive line, top tier pass protection
It was a pharma called MiMedx if I remember right, they got delisted 😂
There was a lot of incentives to preorder it and majority of the people that will play it have been playing it already I don’t know how much the actual release will effect it but we’ll see
Sell 3 keep 1
Should I sell 11/27 puts on INTC 44? Up 40% but I feel like with theta I might lose it by tomorrow.
[removed]
Nio 50 EOD the dream still alive. bunch a wankers out here not posting positions.
Yep took profit yesterday and re enter about half an hour ago
buy on this ftch dip?
*I GOT THIS GIRL AND SHE WANTS ME TO DUKE HER* 

*I TOLD HER ID COME SCOOP HER AROUND, 8 AN SHE SAID* 

*SUPER*
This battle man...
Buy hype sell news bro

Also in a downtrend and bout to MACD reverse back to bearish on 4 hr
The ANT IPO got nixed, they are under antitrust pressure even though they have strong competitors (JD, PDD) and the stay at home trade is on the wane. Can’t believe I have calls smdh
Looks like uber discounts/deals which would imply uber’s in need of cash flow. Considering they haven’t broke profit yet one could consider this a worrisome indicator...
How much did you put up
Same
Illinois
It depends. Does she look like she needs new tires?
NIO short squeezing over 50 today?
I hope so
Damn BABA next time you decide to fuck me at least take me to dinner first
What’s the next meme play
Gaps always fill bro
Would have doubled your money if you bought
You talk a lotta shit for a guy who can’t afford oysters for more than a dollar each
hope you got on the NIO train. its all downhill and brakes off after it passes 50 tonight in after hours. Hop on for the ride and fasten your seatbelts, its gonna be a FAST run to 60!!!
All the schools in Wyoming are going virtual til 2021. Thats all you need to know.
It will slice right through 350 overnite
nio back to moon
I dont get it schwab says I have my 90 day restriction, yet I keep making trades with money that hasnt settled yet. Todays the first day i couldnt trade bc funds werent settled. But when i transfer money into my acct I can trade with that (before they settle)
Same! Thought it would bounce to 290 again 😑
Lol nio looks like it made a wrong turn and the gps  had to recalculate it’s route to 50 eod.
This is where you come for leveraged hyperbole to every action the market makes. You should have seen March
u/SaveThisVideo
It do be like that. RIP tho you never saw green once
I’ve never excersized options, the only reason to is if you were wanting to hold long with lower risk, as rolling them into other options will yield more profits but only if you profit. Otherwise you lose a lot more
Yeah agree
Guess you are now allowed to fuk his wife
NIO and SPY are inversing lmao
He's probably pissed after tracking the stock all day and not having bought in.
[deleted]
I’m aiming for June assuming the vaccine is in rollout out by then. I’ll probably be joining you soon.
[deleted]
Hey asshole, where this hit at
I was talking about this in front of their earns Monday they are just a cash burning company. Blatantly a meme stock off the election.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**FPRX**|**$15**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-12-18**|**$3.08**|**$21.14**|**6**|**320**
|**FPRX**|**$15**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.99**|**$21.14**|**209**|**748**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhf8y3qmci590770mtyf2xkm) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/bronthebronlol/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
WOW YOURE A FUCKING WHALE ARENT YA BUD
https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/1326952943006920709?s=20

In news even a child could have predicted
If 352 breaks, we free fall gap fillin?
Draftkings will slightly beat and then proceed up or down $3 mark my words.
Everything I have puts on going up everything I have calls on going down
Whatre you using? Its barely a significant amount for most people.

But id imagine yes because thats an operational cost? Idk tho never considered it
Already up 2.5% on VXX shares I bought 30 minutes ago lol. This bitch is going to burn.
NIO. XPEV. LI. Weed. We chilling. Baby.
[deleted]
Dummy lol
back from the dead
Legend
So looking like Amazon will pop tomorrow?
That just played out over the last hour. Can you see the future?
Txt to speech. Google will get there. Got to help my calls out any way I can!
Nice.
With COVID-19 surging and flu season here, everyone's going to need some VIX vapor rub...
NIO keeps printing
[deleted]
Wasn't there some delisting rumor or was that FUD?
 If you guys are wondering just wtf is happening with XPEV/NIO, then take a look at this article.

[https://imgur.com/a/JQXDUDy](https://imgur.com/a/JQXDUDy)

Most American investors I don't think realized or understood that last bit of the article where Gu talks about what it's like to own ICE cars vs EVs now in China.

China is the largest auto market in the world. EVs only make up 5% of total sales now. The CCP wants to basically get rid of ICE cars by 2030 so they are going to provide all the money and support these companies need to meet the country's aggressive EV goal.
NIO back at 48 looool

Fuck you bears
For the 3rd time, Nio, xpev, dont give a flying fuck about spy,qqq or any american etf. Proof: Sept 2 softbear selloff.

Thanks for trying to short nio,xpev your contributing to the shortsqueeze of the fucking century
buy NIO
lmao 352 held, going back up
Ding ding
If TSLA < $420, buy calls
If TSLA > $420, buy puts

Literally will not go tits up
What’s going to happen to LI tomorrow?
NIO 50+ tmrw
my pops bought ACB at like 8 pre split and CGC at 25.  When CGC hit 55 or so I said to sell both.  He didnt.  He now needs ACB to hit like freaking 80 or something to breakeven lol
like buying the 11 floor back in the day
Yes, Peter Thiel’s penis is at least 20 inches. Put those assless chaps on an it could easily hit 24.
Why wouldn't people just go into Kohls like they have since the beginning of all of this? Christmas is coming. Vaccine is coming.
[deleted]
bruh
Yeah, nothing crazy about 20% but they were really cheap and got a bunch of them. I'll take it
Fuck you
PLTR GANG. Fuck GME gang
but it’s winter and bears hibernate in the winter and Salmon breeding (earnings) season is over, no upside
[removed]
my wifes bf said if nio gets up to 50 he will let me watch him bring my wife to pound town!
Imagine paper handing NIO
u/childpunographer
Fucking hell 352 pissing me off
Am I sped for buying amc $2.50P or does anyone else agree it’s gonna tank doon
Already lost fuck you
shitcoin to da moon
Lockdown domino effect has begun. Which state is next 🤡?

Vaccine data doesn’t come out until 2 weeks (and it’s not looking good cause not enough data and the ceo sold stocks lol)... no stimmy confirmed by trumpet and hospitalizations are rising. ARE YOU HAVING FUN YET DAD?
I like it... could moon after earnings. Nice gamble with time to run after if it doesn’t moon.
Smart moves
Ban
Poorly timed zoom puts
Was this inappropriate? Coworker asked me for stock suggestions. I told him "Buy NIO. In a month you'll be able to buy your wife a new set of tits." That was this morning. He hasn't spoken to me since.
Same
Spy puts all in let’s go baby
It’s becoming harder and harder to make money in this sideways market. Market clearly seeking a direction and I think it is down.
I’m with you, timed it perfectly.
[deleted]
Just worried investors may not see that and it’ll dip
So I guess WSB is into the Chinese electric car business with NIO and now XPeng.
They know it’s not going to last 6 months the from now
You can never miss an entry with NIO
today is thursday you dimwit
I've lost so much on BABA hoping for it to come back. I want to say yeah calls but I can't justify it.

Fundamentally their sales are doing great this year. The market is just focused on the governance.
That’d be retarded as fuck
Had my mom buy at $4, up over 1000%
You eat little guys? Sounds kinda gay.
[deleted]
I eat your GF’s snatch for breakfast lunch and dinner bro
Finally back from a 3 day ban. How stupid is it I get banned for saying f a g when I am a stupid 🌈🐻. That’s MY word!
Lol sure thing u/fagjuice
Spy still has room to drill
Stupid 🥭
Just bought some nio calls expiring tomorrow
[deleted]
I have never seen a chart do what HYLN did today.

Down 7% at open due to earnings being released. Slowly climbed back to green, with no new news being released.

tHE mArKeT iS EffIcIEnT
I picked up a few cheap weeklies when there was a dip this morning so I don't get FOMO. I may hop back into leaps after earnings before the NIO day run up but it's too volatile right now
Spy can’t and won’t break 352
[deleted]
I expect it to rise more Tuesday/Wednesday when they change the ticker
352 support broke once again
Calls it is
Maybe, but I mainly saw everyone talking about NIO and PLTR yesterday, so it was one post that stuck out to me right before 4pm about puts for next week lol
Thanks!
Post gains porn bruh
Lockdown calls, get yer lockdown calls heyah
Hell ya. When stimmy comes and when vaccine comes this thing will triple
HELP
Bought UVXY dec 30th 8.5C breakeven is $14.56 UVXY right now is 14.75 but my call is down? How’s that possible
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/SXyYhV9J6mE/hqdefault.jpg
No baba .
How to make money I forgot.
lol
Positions or ban
I'm currently long December 18th $16Cs that I've had since before the ER run-up, but honestly waiting until tomorrow morning is probably smarter if you are looking to enter a new position right now IMO.
Just don’t buy on dips today  if you don’t want short it .. Its just one of those days
Yo someone stimulate this market pls
Poppa Pow to the ECB saying we need more stimmy. Stonks go up! Stonks go up! Stonks go up!
Yes!
Small pp energy
Did unemployment numbers come out today? Don't they come out on Thursdays? Guess NIO has dominated everything today
VXX 0DTE puts here
You....I like you
damn pumping aagain! lol missed my entry mon/tues
No
NIO might not pass 50 today because of 🥭
Still holding
Bold of you to assume I factor in ethics and morality when trading 

Also how much does the CCP pay you to be their fluffer?
Somebody finally gets TA. 👏🏻
Yep. It’s like getting another chance at TSLA or AAPL.
More on xpev now, grats
7,442 days since the last stock split. Not holding my breath
I think they will crush earnings. Had nba, nhl, and nfl this quarter.
I think it is part of the joke kind of.
😂😂😂😂
NIO makes no sense
I didn’t sign up for this bear shit
Whaa you were right man
1DTE NIO calls or SPX puts?
Why is baba going down?
Spy's 1 week candles kinda nuts lol
Can someone fill me in on BABA
Checking back in on amd after a week. Looking great sweetheart, you didn't deserve to be in the 70s
**NIO 100 EOY**

**BEARS GET FKD**
The support at 352 is actually unreal need that shit to break
Anyone here on the PLUG train????
told y’all not to fall for the bull trap yesterday 🤷‍♂️
Go NIO!
Vix will triple next week.
So many clenched butts around 352
[deleted]
seconds\*
This thread is hysterical, chill the fuck out
They bout to quadruple production
Power hour is do or die
There were a few more profanities involved, I was just pissed cause he went on a Twitter rant about no more stimulus and my AMZN calls went from like +60% to -12% in about 25 minutes
bought 6 dollar puts its gonna be printing
[deleted]
Lol NIO. Wish i owned LI and XPENG too
Down to 348 we go
Jared Kushner for prez. We all fucked
I estimate it will hit $30 on Nov 31st
I hope you quicksaved
Imagine “investing” in ACB lmfao
THERE IS NO SAFE HAVEN 🐻
Marry a nice jewish girl
That piece of shit boomer Stonk ☹️
Imagine buying nio and feeling like your money is in a safe place
Thanks man. Looks like not a lot of info on it yet
tbh. Stock split, options too expensive
Same bro. I’m dumping these at 3:58
Buy Christmas cards and chocolate to deliver to retirement home residents and marry the richest oldest person you can find
why can't anyone read here?
Great film, overshadowed by the matrix which had ten times the budget
I sold my LVS calls at a 50% loss today.  Should’ve taken profit
who wants to be my wife's boyfriend if this NIO yolo doesn't print tomorrow?
what's U doing AH?  i'm feeling retarded
***Market Wide Rotation into Chinese EV stocks***
GME gang is dead now right? Both console releases go by and absolutely nothing happens to the stock.
Trump: We need to protect US investors from these creepy Chinese telecom companies!

Zuckerberg: .......
Wouldn't doubt it. Look at Xpeng today after earnings. 📈
buying vix near low 20s is free money... lol x3 atm
This DD is actually good, this time around they have really good earnings
Why everyone freaking out saying sell. Like bro just hop in NIO and ride the wave homie.
Lol who makes these bots
So don’t buy anything with China in its name
😇
[Imgur](https://imgur.com/sPxnjX6)
[Imgur](https://imgur.com/hBlDwdQ)
[deleted]
Yup me too.. and lost a decent amount.
*I WANNA KNOWWWWW*

*HAVE YOU EVER SEEEEEN THE RAINNNNN*
It do be like that sometimes
i used to think money was real. then i realized its just fake and doesnt matter. thats honestly when i started making decent money in the market.
BRREAAKKKKK
Geez thought I was getting NVDA at bottom, guess not
Your puts sent it back up for bag holders
Same with ZM. This makes no sense
I don't think 352 will break, but you better believe my greedy ass is holding these puts anyway
Beers are on u/asiancptonystark tonight!
How does broker commissions effect your taxes? Do you get to write any of that off?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** mods stop deleting XPEV and Fisker posts wtf? Your not helping nio, but making it worse

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt19bb
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt19bb) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Hamburger3322, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Bekabam
kiashu12
theoriginofstorms
You used to be able to buy fractional shares on people but only some of them and only in increments of 3/5
Just retarded, nothing more nothing less
fuck it... tesla calls are back baybay
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
literally no one cares
KSS 15p 4/16 Kohl’s will soon be on that come join us meme of bankrupt retailers.
CTRM is just a man and his boat living the life "Employees:1" and i bought like 1500 shares because this man just vibing in greece or wherever
It is painful
Yup. My calls expire tomorrow. Get ready for green dildos on Monday. Gg
352 support stronger than unobtanium
remember, this is wallstreetBETS. i wanna see the yolo's. I aint here to invest in ur dad's etf. NIO 49c 1/13. lets go.
U went from Bull to bear in 5 mins
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** MODS DELETING OTHER EV POSTS (Anything but NIO), FUCK YOU CORRUPT PIGS

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt184v
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt184v) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/threefourpizza, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
Relevent_Username_
oofoofoofhaha
eblozavr322
MisterLundin
theoriginofstorms
Thank you!! I thought they were going to report pre market like XPENG, oops 😬.
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
You don’t become a billionaire with using reason yolo that shit
Was a one day bump.

Made 12% on CCL. Before they fucked every stock holder.

Boomer stocks are more history and nostalgia than value (Currently)
Might need to get ready to do some buying
Vix is up 15%. Lmao. 
Vxn only up 5%🤔🤔 Tech fighting strong.
selling my kidney for chinese ev stocks, fuck it im getting the original chinese experience
BREAK 351 BEAR GANG STRONG
I sold 30 of my 130 total shares for some stupid reason yesterday at 43.
Wtf does that say
What mango order? Nothing on Twitter...
Nice bro , you’ll cash out hard
Do a Mario butt stomp
More lockdowns. Airlines are toast
Yeah, definitely,  you'll be fine. If you get some profit, try to sell when you feel is the right time as things dip and wait for that dip to bottom out and turn around and buy a longer dated call for the same price. I'm sitting on a $40 jan 15 call that I bought when NIO had its first big run past $30 and its already at +100% and I bought another the same way for a $50 call for Feb 19. Hoping these will print out (even more) come new year
don't, I'm sure he's doing fine with only 100s of thousands in P/L
Odds are he didn't read it because most of us on WSB are **illiterate**, degenerate gamblers.
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/1326973796092358656?s=19

Deficit hawks looming
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NOOOO

**URL:** https://redd.it/jt104r
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jt104r) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/rollpanthers, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
theoriginofstorms
Putting 50% of my portfolio into PSTH LEAPS makes the days pretty boring, but definitely saves me from the ups and downs of the overall market
I have puts tho
COVID Reopening hopes --> Amazon Drops.  
COVID Closure possibility --> Amazon Drops.

What does Bezos have to do to make some money.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
In this market I am always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
SELL SELL SELL!!! SELL EVERYTHING!!
All of you are fucking retarded, NIO 50 EOD
Niceeeee,
Just did
After a 25% day...?
Yes, jus gonna yolo for earnings
Original lyrics are from a Finnish song called “Ievan polkka”
What time for calls?
> would of

You probably meant **"would've"**! It's a contraction of "would have".

---

^(^^bleep ^bloop) [^I'm ^a ^bot.](https://redd.it/f4qmb7) ^If ^you ^have ^any ^questions ^or ^I ^made ^an ^error,  [^send ^me ^a ^message](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=couldshouldwouldbot&subject=Question&message=Write your message here :\)%0A%0A---%0A%0A[Link to comment](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc2ud1c/\) "Click to send a message")^.
[deleted]
Jerking off as soon as spy breaks 352 I’ll
Cum
Yessir
Amd is the only green ticker on my spotlight beside the vxx.
I totally agree.  It sells an affordable quality product that people in China need and can actually afford to buy, unlike NIO which sells a luxury car that no one in China needs.  It is an actual company, as apposed to a pure momentum play, but it takes a lot of downward pressure from the EV stocks when they go down.
Chill... this dump is very reasonable
Tesla at 500 next week?
Thats the most beautiful butterfly effect analogy ive ever read
STILL DONT TRUST IT
make another account on a different brokerage, TOS TD ETR
Nah nah robinhood doesn’t let me use margin on options(too risky). But margin account allows me to use gains to flip the money instantly. I don’t have to wait for things to settle.
Getting cucked by ZM when I could've been playing these dumbass EV clown car stonks.
NIO calls
Mong
Im in a decent amount of leaps but no shares. You think this is a good share price to add?
3.5% today tho not that bad
SPY forming a classic “fuck you,” or otherwise known as dick n balls
Glad I got out of baba at open would of been a pain to watch
[deleted]
Moon city tomorrow
Part of me hope NIO drills more cause I paperhanded it after the news, NIO bulls getting too cocky
I thought you make more gains if you’re OTM and it keeps going up towards the money. Maybe safer your way idk. Congrats anyway though man.
BABA 240
Haha vix staaahp
Sorry I’m retarded
I'm buying into NIO here, everyone sell
Officially a RH gold member. Wendy’s here I come
DKNG has to go up in the next couple weeks?!
What's funny is, I understand what you said in terms of it being in cash.

I get 100 shares of the stock and pay 4k for it. Since it's at $50, it's worth $5k.

Now someone wants me to sell them 100 shares but they only want to pay $47 a share for it, so 4700. So they pay me $4700 for me to buy 5k worth of stock.

So I profit $300.


Lol, why is what I just wrote different from my previous comment where I get $700 in profit



**Edit**: wait no, in that case the profit is still $700.. I think
Close isn’t looking optimistic
BP Puts printing hard
If you didn’t buy that NIO dip your autism is bigly
Not even a deadcat bounce for airlines. Sad!
just did!
Fuck NIO
Thoughts on DKNG leaps???
So far I have “quit my job” and NIO calls
The 🌈 part of options is that IV on calls goes up when the market goes down.
Weekly 350p bru
Someone wake J Pow up and get that Stimmy
Itll last you till about right after christmas
come on 352 holllllllddddddddddd
if anything, this just legitimized the hype, nice little consolidation
Why puts
Facts... no one trading this thing will want to hold thru weekend
[deleted]
I was doing ok till i bought those delightful spy calls
🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻
Trolling
And even more.
PLTR is a long play. Hold for 10 years and a position bought now will be up 50x
Sounds like you need to go jerk one out and try again
#ZOOM CALLS
You're supposed to buy them before a dip, not after a dip.

&#x200B;

Oh nvm, buy high sell low.
Will $352 hold through sour hour? Find out live in 15 minutes.
The put spread on acb was trash from when I cashed out from $11 to $7P strike. Hope you made better money than i did.
Yes
Wow shadowlands comes out soon. Personally I think it’ll do great. Played the beta and loved it. End of November is when it comes out.
CMON BREAK 352
Ohh cold war is gonna sell so hot. 


Puts it is
NIO dipped again after my comment.

You did LEAPs?
I hope nobody else fomo'd into airlines because fuck. Almost all vaccine gains are gone.
JPOW WHERE ARE YOU
Lmk when you get an answer
bools r fukt
he going NUCLEEAAR
My gf says not deep enough.
GME U FKN SUCK
Made a paycheck today trading China EV companies I know absolutely nothing about. 

26 more of these type days and we’re back to even 😎
rip
beautiful, just beautiful. i love this. my meager 2,000 in gains today seems small, but profit is profit. Live to trade another day.
Positions? You’ll do better next time don’t worry
buy PLTR dip free $$$$
Yep to late to the party
[deleted]
[deleted]
F IN THE CHAT FOR BA CALL HOLDERS, 

&#x200B;

I REPEAT, F IN THE CHAT.
Don't really matter if LI crushes earnings and moon 40% pulling NIO with it
Exactly what I’m doing
Dump city!!!!
I agree with this. 
My follow up question, buy shares at the low at the end of today or wait until tomorrow morning?
How bad can Trump fuck up all our nio plans in the next two months ?
anyone can retire, you just quit your job
I look away for an hour and I see a sea of red. Dafuq
Any publicy traded companies that offer homeowner services like assesment challenges etc? I would think that once Jan 1 rolls around it's going to be a free for all
BREAK 352 BREAK!!!
[deleted]
scratch tix
So what’s the play? Puts on butterball?
IV is scary high to be buying in
ooff
Can I use your toilet paper hands to wipe my ass after I shit on people when Nio hit 50 EOW
Pump
Wasn't that everyone saying that? Company is burning everything green
I lost 13 dollars
good man
trash
just yolo'd on LI 11/20 wish me luck ladies.
Holding on still?
Bought 7.5p for next week yesterday. Get at me.
Do you still have nflx 505c?
They also makes EV
WHOOOOOOEEEYYYY MY UVXY CALLLS 🌙 

YEEEEHAW 🤠
I bought Monday afternoon and it did, but you just gotta tell yourself it's going to be at 60 by EOY and not panic sell
yes they sell everywhere
*Tuesday before close
Stay at home stocks dropping now. So everything is selling off. I was watching Netflix just now make a v shape recovery, then boom everything started drilling in this last candle.
“Hey... fuck you” -Randy Marsh
BREAK
Vix just needed a breather it’s coming
Not an order stop spreading BS
Buy Nio calls
Puts?
thanks king 🤴
352 gonna hold the line?
Just slowly buying more and more shares of IVR
Does this apply to NIO, XPEV, & LI!?
Yay JD is headed up again, as it should
They lose value as a platform
Millionmagamarch/occupydc + huge covid spikes nationwide i guess the answer is yes?
Just click the Undo button a few times. It should go back to normal.
How deep are you in this? Lets make some money
[deleted]
You had plenty of time to get in.
stopped out of Nio calls good profit...then went into puts...got smoked paper handed loss smh
LI Auto to $45 after earnings tomorrow morning.
[removed]
loose/lose has been around too long, how fucking retarded are you people
The big question is will they run out cash before sailing.I would think it will be december before you will get in indication of when they can sail.  If we have another shutdown (greater then 50%) you may need longer then the 4/16/21 calls.  If you buy this the stock it self will be a better play since you may need to hold a long time.
352 just needs to be quiet and accept it, no more tears
Amateurs. 

I wear sweatpants to work
cool bro i made $300
I think XI knows Biden will reverse alot of mango BS policy on China so he'll probably just congratulate Biden-Harris on their win to piss trump off.
[deleted]
Beautiful.
imagine refusing to buy puts rn
Autism: 31000
F
I’ve seen -$30 a few times today ever since I bought my 11/13 $50c at .60
[deleted]
Inverse
I have $100 what can I do to retire before Christmas?
That 10.25 sales tax alone is enough to keep me home.
35 days for that?? Wtf no way
🥭 going to 🔥 everything on his way out
Mango can try all he wants. He's farting into a hurricane.
hey I am as paranoid as they come, but this is pretty unlikely, and moreover, gyna copycats will have a hard time replacing my business, personally speaking

but I 100% agree that chinese corporate espionage is real and damaging, been on that train for a LONG time
What’s the expansion?
Long PLTR, short DIS.  Gonna be a fun AH...
Let's have a GLD comeback now
Your vibe...  I like it.
 🏀🐔🔪😱📉
You a market maker selling calls or trying to cover?
Donald Chump
It's drillin' drillin' today.
[deleted]
Just looking at PLTR if i’m rich yet.

Nope
[deleted]
https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Would want to see a definitive list of companies but I have a feeling they’re going to associate all of them with the CCP. Which... is more or less accurate.
made my cash today on a zoom dip, a grow generation dip, and now a nio dip. we're eating steak tonight boys
If you're not ready to go full bear at least hedge your shit
[deleted]
Oh shit it's flat on the bottom, not bouncing.   This is it.
I see one post by you today that was voted down by other users by WSBVoteBot.

OP, can you not? We don't give a shit what you're up to.
I bought leaps because wow expansion coming out at the end of this month.
FWIW, I work for the US Govt (wont say agency) in email security, and we and multiple other agencies use FireEye
those yams
I only have 7k to my name. I think margin could be unwise, I dont want to double my losses! (margin applies to option as well)?
Chicago issuing 30 day stay-at-home order. Get ready boys
Don't bet against NIO, it is tesla reincarnated
retarded
Bought a put at the bottom bc i like to live life risky and frisky
Me too brother, bought contracts for $1
PFE is the debbil.
🤚 like an idiot sandwich. I’m trying to make even then I cutting PFE out of my life!
I should bought puts when BA fucked me for 2 straight days, but I was done with that stock after that lol. Had I not burned like 10% of my account just on losses, I would've turned around to buy puts, but that would've been emotionally led trading, which I try not to do. Getting revenge on a stock by buying puts is about as emotionally traded as I could get lol
Paper hands dropped nio at 47 ama
Yes, how do u know???
power hour pump or dump?
Use a different broker until you're unbanned.
Baron's getting my vote
"every lesson comes with a bill", decisions get better over time, u will recover
Too late on xpev?
divorce ? where?
[deleted]
Well you’re lucky enough to have the capital to be able to
Chicken little paper handlers running around “THE SKY IS FALLING THE SKY IS FALLING 😭😭😭”
Damn is this the crash Mango Man warned us about if we didn’t vote correctly?
PLTR 11/13 $11p
Good thing my leaps extend beyond his term ;)
[deleted]
Nah women hate attractive women. She would lose
[deleted]
so buy puts
Very stupid.  Very very stupid.  Maybe I'll buy some too
I’m 48p 11/13. Best of luck, brother. May the best autist win.
Proof!
What tf do you think the dip was just now
This is where we find out who gets fucked. 352 make or break rn
how low will it go tho? that is the question
Hey NIO bulls. Mango order might not affect NIO directly, but what do you think China is going to do in retaliation tomorrow? And then Mango retaliation back?
Sold uvxy too early -_-
Bought 10 xpev $40 puts nov 20 because I’m an autist
Hey... its me your son. I lost $500 today
Un. Fucking. Believable. 

Even being an education platform this is next level stupid for a university (although that's definitely not their full endowment if 10mil is 30% of their portfolio)
I’m scared of fucking with the mouse
This is the NIO dip my dude. We go $50+ tomorrow.
Oof goodbye ACB. Thank you to the dude here who said get ACB puts yesterday lol
[deleted]
This market is faggy
Cant stop thinking about gme dude, down 6% today. It might not retest those highs for 6 months and he had like a 2m gain. Smh
🐸
If it falls below $352 I’m gonna cream
346
352 resistance insane
[deleted]
You need to verify your email
well those are long term investments

i buy daily's 5 minutes before close
Bought them yesterday morning.  Just sold half for 100% gains.  Free riding the rest for tonight.
If zm hits 500 today I’ll be worlds happiest man
So nothing that anybody here regularly trades.
why?
Went from down 300 to up 800 in an hour, thanks daddy JPOW
\^The greatest insult known to man
Yep it’s meaningless
ok boomer.
That’s great, you’re free to talk about them
Hear me out Ivanka runs for Pres in 2024 with Trump as her VP pick
Who is ready to sell of gold to pay for their margin calls?? let's get that february volatility going again! just 2 months left before the market is flat and a +.03% gain is huge!
LOL, that shit gonna crash. They’re supposed to get a divorce and she’s gonna rob him for half his assets
QQQ forming a perfect cock-and-balls pattern on the 1m charts
Just break 352 already
Bruh I have 48c 11/13 Nio, feel like I'm being cucked all day.
You mad because you FOMO'd on a 50% rally and now the earnings are gonna show there was no reason for it?
I sold my December calls cause I’m a moron but I still have my November ones
When NIO was a 49 people want to buy the dip. Here's your dip before it goes back to 49.
seems legit, calls it is
I wonder how much Donald lost on BABA weeklies in order to executive order the “Fuck You China Bill”
youre the only person here who makes any sense
Shouldn’t have bought BABA calls EOD yesterday. 😕😕😕
I read that bank deposits have stabilized and aren't growing.
yeah im thinking 49 EOD and 50 after hours. nios hot as lightning.
We're gonna manifest it.

BABA with the big balls
Holy fuckkkk VIX 14%
How ya feeling?
You should be happy cause the stocks which generally don’t show up here actually do better so shhh
Sold at -7. Feel tarded
[deleted]
#MADE $76,000 TODAY ON NIO AND XPEV
The RSI is literally at 41...
I use to have money...those were nice times
I do not
They’ll crush earnings tonight. $20 EOD tomorrow.
A lot of us have been there my man, it’s part and parcel of it. Hold ya head high, you’ll get through this!
I’m all red (day red - not total) except for NIO 🚀and BYND. Interesting day so far.
[removed]
I'm happy for NIO frogs but they are absolutely intolerable.
Damn I should have put my money in safe haven stocks like NIO. These bags getting heavy
Same, I think it's way overpriced, but wsb is 50/50 on it so i can't inverse them lol and I don't want to miss a second tesla train considering how hyped/volatile this stock is 

guess we'll see next week how earnings go.
Bought FVAC at $11.54 on Tuesday and it’s sitting at $13.70... feel like there is still huge potential given the MP Materials goes live next week....
Where was sports
Chyna gonna be mad back and cancel play date with murika for tomorrow
I thought this was bullshit until I noticed it was a 3M chart. That sounds right.
haha no shit, he still isn't locking anything down
None this good
M2
Nov. 19 and Nov. 23,
Even with this new exec order? Seems a bit volatile right? Not trying to be a dick, genuinely wondering
Time to play “just the tip” again on SPY...
DAMNIT MICHAEL, PAY ATTENTION MAN!
yeah it might take a few tries
48 looking like new resistance for NIO
It’s like Tesla couple of month ago. And we all know that Tesla wiped out half of this sub.
Amzn 3200
Is there an indicator or a way to see how much money is on the sidelines?
Is that a prayer to the universe. Okay I’ll pray with you
Weve had a fuckton of meme stocks this year that have performed crazy well if you know when to sell. TSLA, AAPL, SPCE, DKNG, now NIO. Shit even throw VIX in there. Theres so many diamonds that were crazy obvious plays that I sometimes did make, but I cant imagine how well off id be if I didn't throw money into bullshit spy weeklies based off my gut feelin in between riding these saviors back up to fix my account.
🇺🇸NIO PUTS🇺🇸
clown
spy to 350 eod
Come on man, I haven’t seen a profitable trade in weeks man. NIO drop please, ZM back to 500 please, PLTR earnings please print
Ok XPEV, we get it, you wanna be the next NIO
Turn on the alert that warns you. It’s in settings
I need a FD play pls
Sad....but you aren't wrong
One more try at 352?
Every dog has his day. Hope you held onto yours longer then i did mine. 

Was a nice recovery though for some tendies.
Im holding the ones I bought at 365, but they were cheap FDs expiring tomorrow anyway. We are probably fucked and should sell but anytime ive been scared the past couple weeks the market laughs at me and calls me a pussy.
😂😂why did you sell, this things mooning
It's so crazy how mad they are that they refuse to make money with us. 🤣🤯🤣
LOL I got my math backwards. Yea youre right to calculate your total gain/loss, do $700 + $81 - Premium of leap. only thing youve 'lost' is the opportunity of making more money but the position is net positive in total.
LOGI calls pushh
BABA being a common bitch right now
Retarded af missed earnings by double, goes up 40%
FUUUUUUUUCK
crab in a bucket
Looks like its rolling over now
So next nio dip we’re balls deep?
Both
Tariff man back at it again
Big red gang make some noise
NIO dip is literally free money. Panic selling from headlines that doesn’t pertain to it. I even loaded some 50cs expiring tomorrow with how stupid that drop was.
Yeah 310c.
[deleted]
When is the next flight?
get back in for earnings next week
meh still have 100 left and I still think a 30% drop on any bad news is possible.
Scalp leidos uptrend
The Mouse always has a surprise up his sleeve.   


Usually a knife.
Hoping it runs into earnings. $40+ price targets from analysts, but it just doesn’t have the same type of hype as the other EV plays. $2 billion market cap right now, could be an easy multibagger from these levels in the next few months. ARK buying in currently.
I'ma do it again
Ditto. $56 win is a win.
Spy 330p 11/18 fuck you
Anybody buying DIS puts for EOD?
Wait 90 days to day trade. Or get 25,000 in your account. Whichever you can do first.
Power hour about to break 352
They build these cruise ships using bat leather or something?
VIX you sob calm down
No
Bounced right off of the VWAP, still trading above but within 1std dev [https://i.imgur.com/PahOpbR.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/PahOpbR.jpg)
I sold half at 16.7 premarket

Bought some just now at 14.7

Going to wait until after earnings to decide what the next step is; I do generally want to hold this long term.
TIL : being a sane person in an insane market is retarded
[removed]
Really hope it does by the EOD
Good luck!
[deleted]
How do I short all the local restaurants that are about to close?
PFE puts 36 1dte for me
I took a good anal from the mouse about a year ago that converted me from that gay bear logic shit
What no kndi lol
priced in
I'm seeing conflicting shit around this so I come to you retards as you just care about money.

The ballot ruling in PA doesn't affect any ballots already counted, yeah?
any press is good press, why cant people get this. even if its bad news, it means people are paying attention to NIO and not vaccine or tech stocks. not all those people will sell or not buy in that hear the news, but some of them will buy and pump the stock. thats enough and thats why any news is good news and actual good news is fucking gold on a platter.
Wear sweatpants.... Dumbass
???? How???
Time to buy puts.
Unreasonable 55% rally is gonna get smacked down by average earnings I'm assuming.
[deleted]
CAN ANYONE FIND ME A SOURCE THAT SAYS THE CEO OF SPCE IS PUTTING HIS WIFE ON THE TEST  FLIGHT?
Fuck the 🌈🐻
If it does there’s still support at 350, if that breaks it’s free fall
[deleted]
Zoom back to 500 next week my calls already printing baby
Break 352 and drop to hell. Please
HYLN went from -10% pre market to +1%
yes sir, waiting for good entry
I’m fully aware of that, but to think the SP 500 would be at 30,000 in 30 years is downright ridiculous. It and the economy will not grow like it did during boomers formative years
I hope you have fun in the S.S quantumpencil.  


I've got 50k in Palantir myself, so i'll cya there lol
At least NKLA didn't moon today.
NIO fucking die you overbought bitch
It's a good point. I'm going to research but does Tesla sell outside of the U.S.? I've never bought Tesla so I've never bothered to learn about them
do i buy xpeng or li puts fk
You could long solid tech like aapl and Amzn and short stay home and spank stuff like PLTN and ZM
I think someone got fired for that
I’m guessing wfh extended, reopen canceled, back to tech and lockdown names. Pfizer ain’t anytime soon.
Definitely
praying this pays off next week
Idk
Clear all 13 notifications then click the “start over” button
"tok tik" sounds like something a mom would say
Pick a direction and go big
god bless you
BABA gonna run in power hour
FD puts at close but long on the company
Why would they limit their revenue source like that lmao
Well yeah, it went up like 10% today
What he do?
Omg, I'm so sorry lol
Just bought some 35p for XPEV for next week..am I screwed?
Congrats. Positions or ban.
It was that one day where he went on the rant about shutting down stimulus talks for good and everything shit the bed after ripping for 6 hours, so yeah there was some anger involved but the central theme was obesity
Buy shares or sell options, implied volatility gonna fuck you hard.
🌈🐻 crying now because NIO says fuck you to the market and it’s trends
Relationship Status: Mad at BABA
I’m fuk
😂 gotta be a little greedier than that bb pp
"seasoned" just means being more comfortable with risking more next time.
hedge w dow
idk why they keep falling for it
Need PLTR to hit $14 tomorrow 🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻
VIX, have a snickers
Friday has been so consistently red recently I'm just waiting for another juicy dip
Nio 49 EOD
I’m holding. Depends on your expiration
Nio is gonna have a huge profit taking today, puts for tomorrow then switch
Trump doesn’t give a fuck anymore
Yup
When you take profit, pick up a portion of travel related long dated calls.  AAL and CCL always react hard to vaccine pumps.  Don’t need much and doesn’t need to be close to the money since it’s functionally just a hedge.
Is $352 ever gonna break?
user name checks out, if you mean people are gonna oBEy....not a chance this time
Yes, so buy puts obv
cmon maaan
Looking kinda weak but who knows
We recommend an extended warranty on your funko pop sir.
lol bears r so fuk
This is the way, holding 10k in shares long $30 cost
I’m probably fucked
Imagine where the EVs would be if Mango just kept his burger hole shut
KR anyone?
Pump it. They’ll crush earnings tomorrow morning.
Fuck I didn’t sell my NIO calls at 110% gain. Shit
With Li's earnings tmmrw and the way it went this morning with Xpeng earnings I'd have to disagree. We should see a spike up come open tmmrw.
Oh I’ve *been* making tendies
Probably stick my finger up my ass and rub it in your eyes
[removed]
And you call bears gay 😘
Lol Ive been burned by both NIO and XPEV once already so I didn't wanna get fucked again.
my gf is chinese and her mom told her to buy at $36. get calls!
I'm getting increasingly nervous, and I suspect you're right.
You can but honestly I prefer the app lol
AMZN gonna announce free covid vaccines with every prime membership. Let’s go bb
Lol, you hear the news yet you don’t understand. Lol, no wonder you lost money.
every Chinese company with more than 50 employees  has to be connected to the ccp
[deleted]
My put option price graph on robinhood has a descending wedge on it. Time to get out
You guys all dead except nio gang?
good for tech
honestly its my own damn fault, i was already down 80% yesterday and with all the drool on my phone i couldnt see clearly and sold at a loss. wouldve been up 130%.
now is a much better time to buy that put... nkla has been going sideways since I bought one
It should print green even before it gets in the money. As long as he doesn't hold it until expiration....
QQQ over/under $335 by April
Zoom 🚀 🚀
WSJ and Reuters have both released articles
Get a load of this fuck
Too much BA
A true idiot
may have to buy shares on margin, options iv is like 200%
[removed]
They aren’t booking all $44M this quarter. They book the revenue as they bill hours against the contract. $100m/8 quarters == ~$12.5M/quarter.
uppies plz.
XPENG puts?
No margin? Bro you fuckin up
Smart. I was actually considering taking profits on my calls and writing puts, but these are 12/18 and one set is ITM and above break even, and another set is almost ITM (50c). So I'm going to hold.

Once I do take profit though I plan on writing puts to have more secure gains, and using the profit from the sold puts to buy calls.
Never buy pfe. Are you a noob ?
id hunt myself.
Thoughts on PLTR
NIO might actually pass 50 today holy shit

Not even the POTUS can stop the NIO train
yea you bought the rip
Just wanna confirm my bias. A nice down day mixed with rising case numbers and city shutdowns equals a rise?
Imagine if TSLA was actually just producing cars for the US government 

That’s how retarded you sound
[removed]
All the  🌈🐻 wishing NIO would drop. Get fucked.
na breh im still hoping that shit takes off down rn tho
youre dumb if you even look at baba right now. theyre in a weird limbo with the failed ipo. you want nio right now. nios pumping.
 THANKS FOR THAT DIP, NIO 60 before earnings, not gonna be profit taking when EV’s are the future
i ain’t never see three pretty chinese EVs 

🥘👄🥘
They didn’t deliver the gf you ordered?
nio is making me forget that my dad never came back
Companies on blast from mango are in these two lists

[https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486689/-1/-1/1/LINK\_1\_1237\_TRANCHE-23\_QUALIFYING\_ENTITIES.PDF](https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486689/-1/-1/1/LINK_1_1237_TRANCHE-23_QUALIFYING_ENTITIES.PDF)

[https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486659/-1/-1/1/LINK\_2\_1237\_TRANCHE\_1\_QUALIFIYING\_ENTITIES.PDF](https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486659/-1/-1/1/LINK_2_1237_TRANCHE_1_QUALIFIYING_ENTITIES.PDF)
trump not locking anything down
The PLA does not receive compensation from NIO. *Buy 11/20 60c* - Brought to you by the CCP (Cool Car People)
They are 

After the Chinese ICO scams in cr1pto, LK, and everything else i know of the Chinese. 

I will never touch anything Chinese ever again. (although some 1 week calls on shit like NIO to catch pumps can be a good gamble - but never hold anything CCP long term)
Hydrogen Lithium Ion back in the green.
GILD is also a pharmaceutical company with a vaccine in the line similar to Pfizer. You should probably do more research on the pricing of the drug instead of spouting numbers out of your ass. Drugs like vaccines will have a fixed price, and that fixed price will be offset by the losses suffered from giving the vaccine away for free to third world countries(have already announced they would do so through the Bill and Melinda foundation). I think Pfizer already announced their vaccine would be $17 x2 doses for first world countries. Good luck on your investment, the split is going to do more for the stock than the vaccine will.
10x 11/13 45p. Shoulda grabbed more 😂
side to side
wow thank you! will keep that in mind for next time but also the volume is huge on this ticker so i feel like i should be ok in selling it
Interesting. Looks like Yale booked their crazy gains on ZM and now their biggest holding is fucking GSX. An autist must be running that endowment. 

[https://whalewisdom.com/filer/yale-university#tabholdings\_tab\_link](https://whalewisdom.com/filer/yale-university#tabholdings_tab_link)
Their ticker is also MRNA. For a biotech company that’s pretty appropriate
That will end well.
If it's somehow under $50 after ER next week you buy
Good looks
Moderators
I’m with you
Damn, NIO calls 30DTE are kinda pricey. :/
Ouch
Is SQ going to pop back to 200 or nah
[deleted]
Feel sorry for the folks who bought NIO PUTs
1/15 SPY 350p safe hedge?
Shrek definitely coming for you boys at close. Big old swinging green dick. 

&#x200B;

I"m scared daddy, imma sit it out.
rip. gains are gains tho
my mom asked me if she should buy nio because some hoe on tok tik said to buy it. then asked what me what they do....
It’s a fucking electric scooter company no? Did you expect otherwise?
Clear all 11 notifications then click the “start over” button
earnings going to tank?
Did that this dip, def paid off
I know, right. You will never have to worry about Joe manipulating the market. Ironic that “free market capitalists” openly screw the market.
Who here has PFE? im down 3k
Apple, why are you gay?
Ok retard
Hello this is Harvard
Ivanka must have bought the NIO dip.
I don’t like making money off puts so I sold mine
Yea, I was just joking because of the dip. I actually bought
Do yourself a favor. Cut out gluten, dairy, and added sugars. Hit weights, do calisthenics and bike/run at least once a day. Doesn’t matter which one you choose to do as long as you do at least one. Congrats on your weight loss. I myself am focused on gaining weight(only weigh 142) and building muscle. For the first time in my life I feel confident with my body. Keep up the hard work! Consistency is key!
10 day ban first offense. Impressive. Another guy here had a 35 day ban first offense
ok, you too
run your business on zm - if you have one. i suggest group conf calls with on screen presentation of financials, biz plans, new products under development etc
best of luck - dont worry any language is fine, even Navaho
Down then up to fuck everyone
...if you sold you didn’t have diamond hands
left or right?
With Nationalism in mind. 

I'm not sure if you're aware of how strong the presence and sense of nationalism is in China amongst the regular people, even those that are 'oppressed'. 

Nationalism is basically bred into China from as early as elementary, we're not talking about the national anthem. We're talking about songs praising the country, and how they've done so well.  


In addition to that, if we just take a cross-section of (purchasing power numbers) for luxury products: eg. (iPhones, Teslas, Luxury bags etc) China has one of the highest consumption of that, the car itself isn't meant to be your Toyota Corolla.   


Chinese people love status symbol items, especially ones that they can flaunt, if you think 'keeping up with the Smiths' is big in the USA, oh boy wait till you see China. This is a company backed by the government with the intent of showing the world they can actually make a decent product themself, there's a huge incentive on not fucking this up and looking like a dollar-store 'made in china' Pontiac.

&#x200B;

Source: 

/I live in a Western City that's literally half populated by Chinese Elites and God damn there are so many of them.   
/Have spent 5-6 years doing business with them and have a fairly good understanding of their culture.
Because people are spamming NIO on this sub
“Brrrr” 😆😆😆
Is buying puts on Chinese shit anti commie ?
My $290 1/15/21s are bleeding
Lol
[deleted]
Shoulda bought puts at the top after cashing on on your calls 😶 my crayon drawings told me to sorry
BABA Singles Day play was a fuckin scam
Long ZM!
11/20 300c. Hahahahahaha. Cry laughs. Ate the loss today. Cept that 263 is look kinda cheap...
double down
good. its gonna run till EOD. be my nigga, hold, and we're gonna make tendies. trust.
Just watch
Gameshit needs to pull it together
hope it comes soon
imagine being a NIO bear in this market
Legit as soon as I bought it dropped 5%. I’m cursed.
Fuck him he can’t stop NIO
Expect a lot of NIO profit taking at EOD
PCM is if WSB was a politics subreddit, but with more authoritarianism.
Lol omg
Why you want that fake pump back? Nobody with a brain is going to buy that..
1,000 Palantir Stocks please Mr. Stonks Man
[deleted]
Is $DFEN the next big brain play?
Watch tomorrow’s headlines NIO making E-Tanks for the PLA
[deleted]
Correct. CNBC just put up a ticker saying it was NOT a stay at home and was instead just a cancel Thanksgiving order
Very difficult question
im sorry for your loss brother, it almost got me too, but I decided to be retarded and hold
[deleted]
Lol i just meant that slight slip
Turn it into a spread to lock in gains
Fucking NIU is like the red headed step child of Chinese EV plays..... when they go down it tanks and when they go up it waddles along sideways. WTF?
You were right!
I don't see how they have upside with this earnings, but I still wouldn't buy puts lol
Good idea usually then you lose 80% sometimes
Thanks for boning me BABA
Obviously locking down again. Get your puts
just waited to buy about 30 minutes ago. year low RSI at 34 and a gap at 290 should be all good man average down
SWBI
They give probability ranges
Bought 2 days ago around 269 stock price (5.40 option price)
How should us tech bulls prevent getting wiped out during the next inevitable vaccine good news?
Long live xi
Finally got me some flair.
What did I tell you guys buy the fucking NIO dip
Lololol at stupid NIO put buyers
Their valuation is based on Chinese market going full EV by 2030. They're more likely to sell in Europe than the US anyway
[deleted]
You must have seen my post. #profits
No more investing in a bunch of Chinese companies??? Burning down the house before he leaves eh?
This is why I sold my baba calls for a lost yesterday. Too much politics involve.
Really the country is going to have shutdowns nationally in January and even sooner in places like chicago
Lose the 35k and file bankruptcy
Calls
[deleted]
service industry gonna die man
DKNG smashing earnings or what?
im selling calls and puts and its just sitting there making me money
Damn people are legit cucks. I want NIO to succeed for my own pockets but i dont cheer on the enemy lmao.
On what list?
Yo AMZN, everyone has been told to stay home. Its safe - you can come out & go green now
Up or down?
I sold at the top today when I was over 100% total gains. It was probably premature. You know NIO is gonna pump hard right before ER
Holy shit massive balls
I literally just bought 25 call options. I fully expect to lose 95% tomorrow but I don't want to FOMO
Thanks dawg.

(Also, it’s “case in point”)
Thanks for playing
T-Mobile puts?
If you were salty before don’t look now lol
[deleted]
Aww… I would expect a reset on tariffs. 25% is hurting consumers and businesses.
Idk if you saw, but yesterday, someone in the daily thread pointed out huge SPY put volume for 12/28 at 300p and 290p, about 350,000 and 280,000 respectively, if I remember correctly
[deleted]
What if these Chinese companies just change their name lol. Trump can't update the list b/c he won't be in office anymore.
This is the way
[removed]
nio is the chosen one
It’s like tesla but with even more retard strength
Throw some darts at a alphabet chart string those letters together. 

Then yolo 75% of your account on far  otm weekly calls or puts. 

Flip a coin to decide if you should buy calls or puts.

Sit back and enjoy the tendies.
imagine overreacting to a stay at home advisory.
See how today and tomorrow plays out. If DXY can’t break 93 then buy calls. If it breaks through, puts
fuck you nio and fuck my wax paper hands
cope
[https://twitter.com/WSJmarkets/status/1326971338028965889?ref\_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet](https://twitter.com/WSJmarkets/status/1326971338028965889?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet)
Hugely bullish on BABA. 400 is way too high. A lot of uncertainty regarding Ma’s standing with CCP. Idk what else is available, but tone it down.
no autist here, but i'd be wary of holding puts on this after earnings.
[deleted]
I’ll set a stop loss and hold
[removed]
Yep lmao
PLTR earnings make or break me ahhhh
LOL
How do I go long on Newsmax and OAN?
Made back my losses with NIO on Monday only to give back half of that today.
Yea but it might be added since the whole local government thing, I don’t think it would but there’s a possibility
Come back in January. Baden-baden said mega stimulus next year when he's in office.
How do you know if a stock is going up? A bunch of retards here will hate on it and tell everyone to sell. Fuck you nio haters!
Don’t fight the mouse
Yup
I did - so you should probably do the opposite
NIO printing again

God bless Xi Jinping
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/IAmWheelock don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
IV probs
I bought June and April calls. 400 and 350. Should be fine, they are so cheap rn.
EBAY calls looking tasty, no reason for this stock to get hammered like this, it's gonna moon during the coming lockdowns
guh.
Good luck
Just give I'm SPY. 345 would look great on you
I sense a real fallout coming in this market. We’ve been just bleeding since midday yesterday as the people refocus realities of Covid
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
my cells may be retarded but at least they have more cromosones than yours
[deleted]
When did you buy?
might pass 50 today, but im thinking but a bit over 49 for EOD then pumping to 50 afterhours
“Correction”
probably off a cliff with the yolo i just executed lmfao
I was able to double $1k instantly by buying at half of the mark in a wide spread on TGT
[deleted]
My dec 2 357puts I picked up are the only thing holding me up
[removed]
Vxx puts eod
You just like the ones that steal from you in secret 🤣
What he say now
Hahaha me to. Picked up some spy calls before close yesterday that expire today as well. Of course nio and xpeng are up like 22 bucks combined but spy is down 4
you can tell the mouse to go fuck himself. 11/20 $130 p
[deleted]
People are realising NIO, XPENG and LI are not on the list loll
I dunno man, this is where I get my DD, I don’t give it out....
What executive order? Googling and trumps twotter say nothing about anything today
Case and point right here.

They don't understand the difference between making money and making the maximum amount of money possible. 

You making money off short positions does NOT bother me. If you still don't understand what I've attempted to explain and want to short, I am not against that. I'm extremely for it. 

If you want to short dude, I'm cheering for you.
I can't wait to see the memes that come out once NIO pulls a LK and turns out to be a giant fraud machine
u/savethisvideo
Also, what about holding until earnings on 11/17?
No. That is just consolidation
Baba = bags in sheep language, why didn’t I figure it out yesterday before buying 😩
You sold it to me lmao
Chicago cancelling thanksgiving? Lol what. SPY 345 open
https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=21
This is where I saw it first
Why dont xpev options have as much gain as NIO
Another guy went all in on weekly spy puts and he paid off his mortgage.  Seems like a decent idea
[removed]
chinese EV not on the list brother, get. out.
Honey, you are special. We have a friendly sport competition, an Olympic if you will. It's coming up next year, would you like to join?
Sometimes the market feels like fighting a fucking Chimpanzee Scheme. 

&#x200B;

^(heh)
Sounds like some bloated code or they are counting libraries or something
It would have if it wasn’t for mango
are you still here? I need to know if using the word like that gets you banned or not.
I don't think it's an order yet? I've only read that the mayor has asked people to stay inside and to cancel Thanksgiving plans
Tbf they aren't like tesla because they don't do most of what tesla does. Tesla is a tech company while nio sells cars. There was a ton more room to grow for tesla.
any news is good news. its all about how much people talk about you and know you.
Got my shit kicked in by BABA 300 12/18
Well out of daytrades. Been on a break tryin to build up some bankroll but the action was lookin too juicy. Made a quick 113%. Would be nice to put this into shares of something but i honestly dont even know what to trust long term at this point. One day i will make it to 25k
Chicago shutting down - SPY: whatevs
I'm over here doing smallstreetbets...  
$500>$600>$215>$1000>$750     
The $215 to 1k was awesome NIO calls but I got greedy and gave a bunch back.
Is BIDU on the list?
yes, you just keep doubling down until you are near your margin lol. Had that happen with flir last friday and then monday it just exploded. It does work out sometimes
Um yolo.....
VWAP saves NIO.  Hard bounce and probable launch to 50
Sold $48P expiring tomorrow on NIO. If they get assigned this week, I'm telling myself I'm just super confident that it's going to Uranus after earnings next week. If they don't get assigned, I'm telling myself missing out on bigger gains is worth locking in lower risk profits that still eclipse boomer buy/hold strategy.
[deleted]
All day since March ✊🏽
[removed]
Mango executive order has nothing to do with NIO. Mooning resumes.
Sold half of my positions for 300%, letting the rest ride
So what are all the covid stocks? 

Zm, clx, tdoc, pton..?
If they’re expiring at the end of tomorrow you’re good
They'll file that in the big folder labeled "shred in 2 months"
Better flush your PC too
You better sell bitch, help a man out
Or just withdraw it and keep it in a mattress like a man
but thats what im saying, nkla is bs and nio is legit
I love my chart it's so much more brain damaging http://imgur.com/a/ckGndRe
Meth make brain printer go brrrrrr
YOLO 15k 50C 11/13 for tomorrow wish me luck
Sounds like me. Sold 1000 nio in single digits for an L. Sold what could have been 350k of tesla at  330$ pre split. Had amd in the 9-15$ range
Google
Yea but fucking mango ruined the rally now
Imagine looking at the SPY 3M chart, hearing news about new lockdowns happening and thinking calls were the right move.
Same you can call someone like Jim Cramer a retard but politicians off limits for some reason
I bought more nio calls/ shares on that dip. Thank you to all you toilet hands cock suckers for selling. Mama Mia, imma be rich
but thats what im saying, nkla is bs and nio is legit
Stinky butthole
Tolerance break until futures
hold, dont be fucking pussy
Li doesn't have much reputation in China, and XPEV has had many problems with battery and system too. I don't get why it's so popular, doesn't make sense. lo
That’s why I keep seeing their name next to my precious spy chart
You got this retard
We all made tendies on a parbolic stock. Pull back is inevitable
that heath advisor might find himself getting unhealthy, being stoopid and fos is bad for your health
Does anyone know where the list of banned companies is? I’m jacked to the tits in BIDU and I’m scared
[deleted]
Chicago issues stay at home order due to rising covid case.
uhhhhhh ~~please stop~~ yeah looks great buddy you got this
You’re reading my mind
better sell
He asked what language to start with, not what basics of programming do I need to know.
diamond hands NIO when it was 49 thinking it would keep going. Took an Iq test after got 69
mango wasn’t bending y’all over yesterday.
bout to be the next tesla run up
So I had a similar thought to yours, I decided to read the protocol. Basically they monitored everyone (vaccine or placebo) with telehealth visits and testing and symptom reporting. They had 94 cases. When they unblinded and saw whether they got placebo or vaccine they found that >90% of those 94 cases received placebo. Assuming the groups were equal (which they randomized them and made them as equivalent as possible) you would expect that to be 50-50 if the vaccine wasn’t effective. The FDA requirement is 120 cases and their goal was greater than 60% efficacy, so the interim results are very good. It’s not about measuring who gets exposed it’s about measuring who tests positive and the assumption being if the vaccine was ineffective then the positive cases shouldn’t occur preferentially in either group. The higher the % of cases occurred in the placebo group vs the vaccine group, the less likely the positive cases occurred more in the placebo group due to chance
[deleted]
Sell baba calls at a lost?
who cares, any press is good press. all the talk will get people trading nio more and itll go up
Nio is not o  the list
hes a growin boy
He has no incentive to help the market, and all the incentive to dump it
He's giving some of us autist an opportunity to jump into the moon mission
Amazing
bought the dip. time for some free money 🙌🏻
I feel an EOD dump coming and not the kind that goes in my toilet.
I’m flushing my phone down the toilet so I have no choice but to 💎 🖐 NIO
You are good bro
I'm pretty sure the ZM founder / CEO has made good progress in the last 3 months to show China is not in control, but you do you
Mango is a arshole.
Lmao yeah they possibly can’t sell cars to the US is good news lol
how much did you start out with?
Imagine how fast it would come down if it turns out NIO is just developing EV’s for the chinese government.
LIIIIII!!!
how did your day go?
Mods aren't deleting them, it's people voting using the voting bot.
[deleted]
NTES calls are way underpriced rn get in before earnings
[deleted]
That's a juicy ban, wow. Gotta time your rule breaking to not overlap with mods having their period and it would have been 3 days.
Pretty sure it was for more than that but okay

Welcome back, tard
It's a free country is it not
NIO is not the list.
NIO will pass 50 tomorrow 

Why do you hate money?
ill cum
Bet you were saying that at $39 yesterday
Robinhood down? WSB r fuk
I have 135k in short term personal debt. I have 35k in cash. What would WSB do?
technically you had 1 upvote when you posted that
🎶 It’s Mr. Tank yo Callsssssss 🎶
I agree with this. Grains, Coffee, Gold & Silver and ammo are my new friends.
TRIPLE TOP
so how's your gambling day going?
do you even know how banks work
coz of ur comment
This is the way! I am a complete autist. I was down 15k in March qent to plus 25k in July and now will be down 30k if this doesn't work out..hoping for a big sour hour today I may sell half of 30 $346 spy puts for tomrrow.
Where is everyone seeing this news about trump sanctioning China?
Rug push inbound
New York is already going to get him after. Does he want them to get more “evidence” to help them with their cases?
I bought a call like two days ago and I'm still up 30%
What an amazing movie
Ok, 25
please remind how much your profits are after
LI?
I downvoted only to save u $. But u still have ☝️ So... GL, Mate!
I try to avoid those $2.5 increments options since the volume is so much lower on those because humans like round, easily countable numbers, $40, $45, $50, etc. You'll notice price increases/decreases are usually more on those since they have more volume. That said, gl
I think poor guidance and just couldn't live up to the hype despite crushing earnings. My friend works there and they've been cutting bonuses and changing commission structure to pay less which is never a good sign.
Puts on your brain
NIO puts
that had to have been the gayest and fakest pump ive ever seen
It'll rise again, calm those paper hands
Not bad. I sold my calls at 26 dollars. Fuckme
do you want the meme answer or the actual answer

tldr hydrogen is too fluffy to effectively store, has problems with embrittlement, and generally speaking can be greatly improved by simply slapping a single carbon in for every four hydrogens – CH4, methane.
They’ve been in here for a minute. Getting real tired of their bs.
Wow, was gonna diamond hand my last call but idk now. NIO has ties to local Chinese government, maybe that counts as military sourcing. If he bans NIO investment GG. Fuck
Ffs NIO can you let my puts just print without fighting
Cause he's retarded
You should've seen me when I barely woke up and decided to sell my nio 11/13 calls when I was down at $39
In what scenario would you exercise the 11/20? Or using the profits for more options is more profitable?
10k in INTC FD puts. Wish me luck!
got a link to the list?
GME is one perpetual dip to buy
Spy not letting anyone make money
Fuck DKNG
God I can't wait for trump to be some irrelevant boomer. I mean it's never gonna happen but a man can dream
Alright boys I just bought 25 call options of PLTR without any DD or having any idea of what this company does or will do in the future. The only driving force in this decision is seeing the ticker here many times

&#x200B;

Just inverse me and get puts
You got 4 more years man, might wanna take anger management
2000% beat on earnings
ruh roh raggy
Nope. Still can issue EOs. And, the more the lawsuits draw out the more the market panics going into December. If it looked like a smooth transition to a responsible adult then people would be pouting cash in.
they launched SPY, fyi
That was absolutely not the bubble burst moment.
You’re retarded
Just the usual recipe:

1) buy a trial bunch of stocks

2) shoots up like hell (+56%)

3) add some more (2ce as much) on the top

4) come tumbling down right away
"If we cheat and don't win, we'll burn down our cities."  Typical.
You’re allowed to make fun of mango now. Aka Mr. tank your calls
You don't understand. MMs are cashing out their meme EV stocks so that they pump BABA overnight. Need that cash yo
[deleted]
We missed you too
Mayor of Chicago just cancelled Thanksgiving. The Covid chart is going parabolic. -1%
Lol retard
calling it now nio going past 49 for EOD. its a race horse stuck behind slow horses. IT WANTS TO RUN!!!
bruh its up 123% on the month......
Holding FTCH through earnings?
y’all so delusional for not jumping out of NIO
thx
Dow dropped, tools all travel with it.  BA too
smallstreetbets
SPY 350 EOW?
i think everyone realized nio and xpev arent part of the chinese military companies buy da dip
Actual double bottom
Gimmie a power hour that makes the chins of bears shiver in fear
Hope EU has a plan for them too
[deleted]
Marinara tommorow
Mods are heterosexual
Lots of r/politics retards taking over the sub
Me too
We about to rally so fucking hard dude, if you buy puts now you're batshit dumb
I think ZM would also shit its pants soon
🇺🇸 🦅 🖨
[deleted]
My 12 mini gets here tomorrow and I’m excited
Nah orange clapped that lol
easily
Doesn’t know the difference between ‘too’ and ‘to’...you belong here retard!
[deleted]
I hope you retards bought enough nio you could sell some and yolo the rest.
Bruh were just sick of seeing NIO posts every other comment. I hope that stock fucks all the fomo chasers
your loss
Inverse
$Rkt gonna moon next week
[deleted]
Ahhhh, no stimmy? That’s why. Well, holding on.
KNDI looks similar as well.
jesus what a rollercoaster
FIFNALLY...   Apple taking a giant Crapple!!!
So true. Anytime I see a stock that went 6x between April and now that I missed out on, I remind myself that I almost certainly would have sold at 2-3x so I never would have seen all those gains anyway.
You bought Before earnings ? Or after
Sell
Same..Sold my aapl 120c's at a huge loss and bought FD NIO 45p 11/13 at the top with whatever money I had left. Hope this works for once.
Will that happen before mine expire tomorrow? 🤡
Proof or ban for pumping
NIO shooting back up
America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸

America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸

America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸

America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸

America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸

America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸

America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸

America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸 America 🇺🇸
This should be entertaining
Wait till tomorrow tho
[deleted]
I got ban threats for correcting misinfo regarding the election. Be careful in this thread lolll. Lotsa sour out in here
Wtf did he do now?
Because the offering will llower it to 13...
ZM loves chairman Mao
Whatever. It could totally be back to $15 next week.  Nobody knows shit, which is why you are making this comment now, after the fact.
Sell and buy again.
Let this be a lesson to you then.
If DXY doesn’t break 93 then this is a false dump
wAcKY tHiNgS
nope gonna pump to 49 by EOD. shits running!!!
Should we expect drilldos for power hour?
What kind of Yolo played could I make for a 10 bagger tomorrow
shhhhhhhh
Good luck, man. I've made a killing on NIO and I still believe but the fear is setting in so I took profits.
They are quicker than you or even you if you had cat reflexes, nice try though biatch
PLTR predictions for tomorrow? I’m looking at a 20% gap up
Jump up or off a cliff? Lol
Portfolio is up 50 percent td
Just got done serving a 35 FUCKING DAY BAN for calling D*nald fat. Good god it’s been a while, missed you fuckwits
Nio giving us all one more chance to buy before going to the moon lol
Song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yh9i0PAjck
[deleted]
my dad: hey boys have you heard of NIO, should I buy it? He was shitting on Tesla because they made no profit. WTF short this shit
Don’t be greedy ;)
It won’t last very long
[deleted]
You are stoned you gave me what I needed no need to be sorry
**Trump is now our public enemy #1. That fucker needs to GTFO of Whitehouse ASAP.**
Why would it go up so much
" A top health adviser to President-elect Joe Biden suggested that the nation is well-positioned financially to withstand a lockdown of more than a month in an effort to get the coronavirus pandemic under control. 

'When you look at the personal savings rate in this country, it's now gone from about 8 percent to over 22 percent. We have a big pool of money out there that we could borrow.'"  


So to avoid the government "borrowing" your savings, put it in the stock market? Sounds like the only real option to me
Whats the 60 to 1 play 😬
FB really wanted to go up today mango. I'm not pleased.
Damn not a single good trade
Did mango take NIO down with him? Would be crazy if that was the bubble burst moment
Be careful holding overnight with the LI auto earnings coming out pre market tomorrow!
Robinhood have better YouTube ads whenever I watch Let's Plays or videos of animals having sex.
Sooooo many people jumped off NIO the second the orange spoke you damn wusses
1 upvote and i go all in on NIO 50C
You and me both. How it didn't hit 90 back then bewildered me.
This is not true. The first one is the most painful
Ah yes, the overt brag about money and possessions while all you pseudo-macho types eat it up. When will you over-testeroned man-children realize that everybody on Readdit laughs at you because of your brazen vulgar language and frequent posts about your money and possessions. Although the penile size in this sub is miniscule, the brags are monstrous. It's pathetic and weak I would be laughing in your pretentious faces if I ever see you in person.
Market needs to switch to covid stocks immediately!
Someone convince me why I should or shouldn't dump $20K into CCL 4/16/21 at the money calls
You got greedy
That's what I said. Where is my 5g?
You’re retarded if you think it’s dropping under 40
Congrats and fuck you <3
PLTR's price action is exactly same as RKT in August. Insane pump followed by a big dump on earning date. 

lol, guess we will just long recent hot IPO stonks till the day before it's first earning.
Hmm, so it wouldn't be like: My Feb call gives me option to buy 100 shares at $40 a share. The written call means I could have to sell someone 100 shares at a price of 47 a share. So I net $700?
good luck man. that's my goal
No google, I don’t know what state street is nor do I care what their stock price is
fuck this dip with nio i am buying more for tomarrow run up to 52 . charts already show it gona go up
I sold my position for 40% profit not bad.
Silver leaps looking very cheap
Their wife's boyfriend won't let them use the phone after this
We gaining already!!!
Where can I find more info about this exec order?
NIO puts about to print
Sold my calls on Tuesday bought new ones yesterday. Down 30%… 🤡
NVDA fading like this really hurts
BABA is not on the list..... neither are any of the EV plays.
you once or still do work in finance, huh?
Whats going on? 🥺
be aware, ZM is chinese controlled......
Lol the reason why I only bought 1 contract is because of exactly this lmao
I’m calling PLTR hits $25 tomorrow at open
Hey it’s me, Mango. I’m here to ruin your calls 🤡
Fuck it, I’ll hold till 11/20

My entire account is VXX calls
Jpow spoke
Take advantage retard. Don’t complain about the rules like a pussy. Buy calls
Everyone will dump Chinese stocks
Lmao
I got out yesterday, doesn't seem safe
🧢
Lol
Nio ran out of oxygen in its oxygen tank near the summit and had to head back to base camp.
Down days are somehow good for me because rkt inverses the market
haha donald trump, this your king dummy repubs ?
If you get Covid days before a vaccine comes out, you are dumb
My guess would be September 2nd correction
for a minute or two. it wants to pump to 49 so bad for close. its itching around 47
yea my nio puts are 11/13 so we will see if the lotto pays off
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
UVXY   14.0|1.53|1.57|1.55|0.64|150.513%


UVXY 14.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2sf05&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
this is the way
Bought at 43
Well this aged terribly
Risk is real low...I’m loaded on shares and leaps with lottos too
LI, XPEV, and NIO all have the same graphs

what a joke
Got like 6% on some nio puts that I flipped in 30 seconds is this what it feels like to be an algo?
Which one? Theres a flurry coming out and even more in the pipe.
Just wait and buy them within the last 10 minutes

Trick the system, bruh
Literally all it takes is for them to say, “Disney+ good”, then rockets 15%
Probably within the next 30 minutes
you made 2k to 25k in one day from NIO?
guys the first ones free and I'm fucking IN on nio puts join the ride with me
What do you mean mod
Got me some $49p 11/13.
1 mil order for UVXY 11/20 14C went through yesterday, I would hold till at least tmr. Make your mind up at 2pm, shaping up to be a slaughter

EDIT: if you are overleveraged or holding a loss take half profit
If they mention anything about securing contracts or even being in talks for assisting global governments with future vaccine tracking (which is 100% happening, fuck your freedoms), $PLTR is gonna moon extremely hard, regardless of  ANYTHING else said on the call.
They have EU plans for 2021
he's still actively involved right?
I SENSE A BIG JUMP BEFORE CLOSE
Trump supporters could have all their positions wiped by Trump's decisions and still want to suck his dick.
Srs, this is my market news channel. And celebrity deaths
Fucking zoomers lol it’s ‘Equilibrium’
Relax and know that at this point any dip on NIO will be bought like crazy.  Today, tomorrow, next week, next month - 50+ is as inevitable as time itself.
Downside pressure yes
It’s pretty wild... during these times where tech and shit has been going down the past few weeks (besides the past couple days) 

Google has just been green lol
30
probably
You guys saying nio not on the list, wont move the price anyway
NIO IV is insane. Bought puts at 46 today, up 30% ????
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   47.5|4.15|4.25|4.16|0.0|152.912%


NIO 47.5C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2sd1o&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I guess time has proven that what's expected to happen usually doesn't, at least in 2020, so I'm not in on this one, but I'd like to see how a paper trade straddle would do tomorrow
1DTE puts to hedge and diamond hand the rest
Nio sub 42 today... lock it in
44
party's over for NIO and XPEV
NEED LIST OF 31 COMPANIES. GET ON IT.
Trump dump
5G!
The worry is that once it’s established it gets expanded
jack ma offended great leader

stonk go down
Good thing I got out of UAL calls, thing is getting crushed
Guys it’s over, NIO is gonna be at 50 next week. Not today
now this is why I’m here for the yolo
just got back in NIO 47.5c 11/20
BABA is not on the list lets hope it recovers a bit
Source: Twitter. Poster: Conservative conspiracy theorist. Claim: Irrelevant change to ballot counting. Purpose: Legitimize election conspiracy claims. Conclusion: Political bullshit.

Ban.
you are exactly right.. what % of NIO is institutional?  I usually find retail traders super loyal when it dips .07%
It’s cooling down here
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Godspeed, you fucking autist. Don't forget about us when you're blowing it on TSLA YOLOS
If you ever bought into gme hype, congrats you played yourself
Me too... It's gonna dip for our tendies. Make sure you sell at the right time.
The question is, where is the price point for buying back in NIO?
if i wasnt diamond handing NIO id be yoloing on Zoom calls right now
It appears to have rolled down a hill.
I want to see ALL
lets all panic sell **DIS** into the earnings
You better hope earnings plays out like Xpeng lol
Lmao NIO puts eating
[removed]
I sold strangles. I think there’s limited upside w/Covid specter, limited downside because of clear growth potential.
Mango definitely got FOMO. He want some NIO lol
congrats op!! so happy for you man
Everyone will be dumping Chinese stocks
[deleted]
**CHINA EV MARKET NOT AFFECTED BY MANGO EXECUTIVE ORDER AS OF RIGHT NOW**
>Diamond hand

 Diamond hand s that shit
There are gainz to be made still lol
No one cares about trump anymore
The worst trades are the ones you lose when you really didnt want to wake up to begin with 💯
To be honest, I bought $500 worth of FD's, its at $800 at the moment, I might just cash out at 2:59  for whatever it is, regardless, in the regular mans world, $200-400 in 3 hours aint a bad deal. 

It might moon, it might tank, but $100 an hour is $100 an hour.
The person that made this drools like a retard.
BABA puts. Why? 

Ant group black listing incoming on the executive order
If you still think the market is not a scam go look at CCL chart. What a joke. Total money grab by the hedge funds.
Tesla already ran what are you talking about. Tesla is the hot shit in China. Their Q4 gonna blow you retards away
You just blow in from stupid town?
My pfizer calls are lookin really shitty right now.
What color do you want your lambo in when people realize what mango did has nothing to do with nio?
I know Li reports earnings tomorrow, but I had to sell my XPEV 11/20 calls. Just seems too good to be true and Im more than happy with 700%+ gain even if it continues to rally tomorrow. I still have some Nio leaps so I wont be selling those anytime soon.
Shares are for pussies
Can't wait until that fuck get out
feeling like SPY puts could be a dece play

if i buy them, the last 10 minutes will be a huge green candle

if i don't, it'll be red
It’s going to run like crazy tommorow and Monday too and through earnings!!
If NIO goes red.. im wanna see some loss porn
Detroit schools and surrounding going all virtual until spring
Whyyyyyyyy is it dipping so haaaard
It’ll pass 50 tomorrow anyway
Do you need $5 for dinner
I’m holding NIO leaps. Mostly just thought your comment was fucking hilarious so I’m happy it printed off you
Working on it
[deleted]
I’ll sell when it hits 100
Well, if they could sell everywhere where people have low/no income.
I made a butterball turkey yesterday. Just to have on a weekday. YUM!
Don't worry NIO bulls, I threw a whole 20 on a put

Doing my part to help
[deleted]
Just waiting on a stimulus announcement to bail me out of my calls
I am also wondering what the shittiest movie of this man's career must have been
[deleted]
Time for PUTS
think covid is going anywhere in a week?
[deleted]
BUY THE DIP
My account was about to be blown up, I was down to my last 2k in tilted NIO 50c FDs yesterday at it's lowest, and I just sold at 25k exactly so I can day trade again. Was at 40k one point but whatever lol.
Bought puts at 49
Xpev acts like a penny stock lol
NIO gonna drill once it breaks the VWAP
People are wild. They’re like yea lock us down for 6 weeks we need BUT there has to be a big stimulus. They really think they gonna stay home and get paid lmao. Reality is they will stay home and order grubhub while I get paid
puts on CHL?
Deadmau5 for now
If mango managed to win this, it’s civil war baby.
no action but still fucks weekly call holders lol
Wait so is ZM chinese or not?
[deleted]
Ugh. Was going to double my puts on BA this morning. Decided not to risk more than my original amount. 

Has doubled since then lol. 

Oh well, sold just now and got my originally sought after profits!! Anyone else staying in for more?
Diamond hand nio or sell?
Yup. I didn’t think it 50 today. 49 was my sweet spot
How to lose your gainz 101: hold
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/BigDaddysMemes don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’m nervous about my CISCO puts. They are talking good about it on CNBC.
In the money for a month out.. if u want too
Any time NIO has like a 1-2% pull back from ATH the bears come in here saying "glad I got out at the top." Nobody believes you, bro. Your puts are gonna expire worthless 🤡
How many of you cucks bought nio at 49? Raise your hands
[removed]
Nah. Biden will do everything in reverse of the Mango Man's wishes.
How much is shitsco gonna dump after earnings?
Shhhhhhh
Same... 20 contracts
Is baba fuk

https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-usa-china-securities-exclusive/exclusive-trump-administration-readies-crackdown-on-u-s-investments-in-chinese-firms-sources-idUKKBN27S2X1
The housing market is sizzling and RKT is cashing in 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/11/12/investing/rocket-mortgage-buy-home-real-estate/index.html
Tip of the pp
Damn dood. I would roll those up lol
11/13 expiry? You're a psycho, but I like it
You know it’s bought right? B-o-u-g-h-t
Same lmfao
[TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES](https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/TRUMP-ADMINISTRATION-IS-FINALIZING-EXECUTIVE-ORDER-TO-BAN-U-S-PURCHASES-OR-SALES-OF-SECURITIES-IN--31768767/)
#LIBERATE CHICAGO
For what? Im correcting misinformation
So let me get this straight... $BABA sells more in 1 day, than all of these Chinese companies make in a year, and it's the one Chinese stock not going up? Gotta love the stock market
did the same 😭
Truely retarded
[deleted]
im feeling nio about to blow up before close. its in a holding pattern around 47 and it wants to run to 49
[deleted]
Good bot
i told you all. NIO retard strength at 47. This shit will not dip easily. I think the whales are buying it at that level as soon as it tries to dip below 47.
I mean isn't it too cold to go out anyways
Not gonna lie. I felt the same way and mentioned it to my professor in class today only for him to make me feel stupid with the comment i just made at you. Had to pay it forward, happy you took it well. 

I also suggested we buy the VXX when i actually meant the VXF.... how autistic I must’ve looked.
What language is this? Truly a gift of a meme
Doesn't appear to be but the list gets updated so prob check again in the future.
Buy those ZM shares algos
Can’t beat this thread for breaking news
[deleted]
UVXY is the way
CNN and shit doom and gloomed a lot on second wave and new numbers this fall but with all these mayors and governors speaking out this seems like the real deal...
look at it's performance over the last 30 minutes to know what you need to know son. 

U.S can label it bAd cHiNa at any point
Lfg
He’s just lame right now. Quacky too.
Can’t believe I made it out of PLTR with a profit. Good luck to everyone who is holding
Yea the mid day announcement was what caused it to blow up, I’m sure it it was in AH, it would still blow up, just not as much. The next day would probably have a bunch of coverings tho. I could see a Sony PR midday shooting this thing to the high 10’s maybe even 20, just based off how many retail shorts are in it rn. I have January 15 calls, I they move slow and have like 30k OI so I’m not too worried
Bearish 🥭 = Agent 🍊
[deleted]
If i had to guess id say this ends like the tiktok thing. No action
Buy shares or LEAPs srs
When people realise XPENG and NIO aren’t on the list they’re both heading back to 50. You 🌈🐻fucks are just throwing away money
They don’t believe in us but it will
Who makes the butterball turkeys? Puts on them
This POS is still in the office? WTF America. Drag his saggy ass out.
Fuck you as well. Made a couple grand :) have a nice day
Just bought 10 stocks at 14.77 and already in the money
Big gap up tomorrow
bought spy calls at peak yesterday and VXX calls today at $20.30... seems like every right move I make, I make 2 retarded ones
did u get some good tendies? i dont have a lot of money to put in but i made like $50 off my vxx puts and some off pltr puts

now with the trump/china news im making money off of nio puts
So did pfe lmfao
[removed]
[deleted]
You all think this is the tip of the iceberg or should I sell my VXX calls?
Im correcting misinformation why ban me? The election results obviously affect the market rotation?
Took profits on XPEV after the Trump tweet, then bought back in.  Destroys my cost basis, but whatever
Now trashing Fox News 😂
Randy?
I thought Elon was severely bullied in school and his dad was an Electrical engineer which may have rubbed off on him. Though he got smart by studying and reading books. 

I think William Li did grow up poor and he started by creating an app in China for the use car market.
So my calls are worth more
this is a clown world
Bought NIO calls when it was at $49 AMA
The fact that the news does not even affect NIO
grats. will you exercise either call?
Trump is temporary.
Chicago stay at home order. How is that not positive for covid stonks
betting on a 5% dip when we are at near record market highs and setting new CoVid highs on the daily isn't that crazy.
You will be rewarded when earnings drop
youll see the credit, but you cant do anything with it unless you sell to close or if you have a shit ton of margin or cash in your account. It wont be realized as buying power until you close or it expires. 

Otherwise, I could for instance sell a fuckload of ITM amazon leaps, and then use that buying power as cover to sell more ITM amazon leaps, and do that. until infinity. Its what happened with the infinite margin glitch last year
NIO, XPENG and LI not on the list!! Buy the fucking dip.
Why
Finally some content
They gave us a quick discount lol. NIO wasn't even one of the companies they mentioned in that report. NIO plus 50
Never mind, two lists in the link
Xpev 30p 11/20 feels like a pull back is coming
https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
pour everything into Game Grumps
thanksgiving 'cancelled' - who are these fckin people?

calls on butterball turkeys, everyone gonna be buying them, throw the bones at anyone telling you you cant lol
I been telling you dumbasses to get into MMEDF since .55 and you're all gonna be pissed off sometime between tomorrow and 8 years from now.
GME gay bois fucked me. PLTR it is for the true gains in after hours.
When is it?
[deleted]
Good luck to the new blood trying to short DIS on earnings.   
Last guy had 40k in puts on bad earnings and I haven't seen him again.   


**The Mouse doesn't play.**
Why did STMP get such a fat haircut?
NIO on the bumpiest way down
Lockdown #2 let it taaaaaannnnkkkkkkk baby
China bad per orange mango
Hold man, stop being a bitch.
The block is hot
[deleted]
Anti China moves has pretty broad bipartisan support. It might stick
My Mom made me sell some of her stocks today because they went -3%, meanwhile I am sitting here with calls at -92% and still holding on to them
Bring me to a quant machine, please, I just wanna talk to it.
Bought a 42p. Expecting to trend down after earnings.
Y u do that
If Nio doesn’t drill through vwap it will bounce. BTFD assholes
SHITCAGO
Shares and calls with 11/13 puts as insurance
Hold
[deleted]
date and strike?
[deleted]
GOOD point.
Get your political party BS out of this cuck boy he literally just affected the markets I don’t give a shit about your game of red vs blue
Jack Ma you piece of shit
what about NIO?
Ya a new president
Yeah fuck that guy
That’s what she said
Yesss NIO, just relax and dip 🥴
Did trump just tell us he’s buying nio puts
Yeah I just watched it tumble 8% lol. I’ll wait to buy in again after earnings.
[deleted]
Loaded up on NIO puts
Ban
Lmaoooooooooooooooooo
who else bought NIO fds before that drop from 49? FUCK
[deleted]
Damn who gets Tuna from Subway, that’s the worst/smelliest option next to Seafood Sensation
Nothing Trump tweets now makes any damn difference. He's a lame duck.
A lot of laughs?
What garbage was this clip cut from lmao
Throw it into pltr calls
what’s the china news
I cannot wait until we get a president who doesn't mess with our money with random tweets just because he's hangry.
because lockdowns are going to be announced by the day across the united states and the world. people are going to be using zoom for a while longer to come and boomers are going to realize that and want to buy in. youre getting in early buying below 450 if you ask me.
This is what you get when you vote a mango into the presidency 🤯
It only dropped because of trumps tantrum.
haha pretty much. Exited my short as soon as 45.64 broke
You’re retarded
It’s a bunch of shitposts begging for advice and posting minuscule gains.
277 MILLION Volume on NIO

&#x200B;

What the fuuuuuuuuuuu
[deleted]
https://youtu.be/7yh9i0PAjck
Danggggg.. you fucked up big there 60 to 1.. from what?
After what happened with PFE, my eyes have been opened lmao
Pangolin maybe
Im proud you made the right choice, fellow manual boxer engine owner
PLTR shaking out weak hands.
Lol there was no support at 47
Who the fuck is buying puts on Nio... you don’t like money?
Bro I’m rolling!! 🤣
Why?
Let both hold through earnings if we go down then we do it together.
Retards are retards
Go to r/politics, cunt. I guarantee in 4 years you will be extremely disappointed with Biden as I am with Trump.
Waiting for lift off 🚀 🌙
[deleted]
100 shares worth of the stock at the written call strike price of $47? So if it exercised I could be out $4700.

If I didn't have the cash would it automatically use the Feb. Call as the collateral? Would I still keep the unrealized gains made from that Feb call though?  I'm guessing so since

My Feb call gives me option to buy 100 shares at $40 a share.
The written call means I could have to sell someone 100 shares at a price of 47 a share. So I net $700
Silver chart looking very bullish
[deleted]
That's still a huge market, even if you're right, which you're not.
Bought NIO 11/20 45p at 3.42 with a 20% stop. Feels like a pullback is imminent but could be wrong we’ll see!
This could have all been avoided if someone didn’t have bat stew for dinner 😡
All I have to say is I hope you guys held 🤣🤣
Anybody playing DKNG earnings?
Mercadolibre finally shit the bed. Puts are ITM but I can’t sell. 🤡🤡🤡 PDT is such a fucking bullshit. I can’t wait till I get 25k in my account. When I had that much in my account, idk wtf I was doing. I think I lost all my money on SPY 220P and playing earnings.
CHICAGO COVID-19 : MAYOR LORI LIGHTFOOT ISSUES STAY-AT-HOME ADVISORY WITH NEW RESTRICTIONS ON GATHERINGS, MEETINGS
Don't get IV crushed
NIO WILL SOAR TMRW
Mango trying to stay relevant, its just sad 😒
GAPE down for pOwEr HoUr 🤡
Picture is a little dated but she's 14 or 15 at most, so yeah.
Same sold at 48 with 300% return back in tomorrow I think it will run until earnings maybe up to 51-53 range thoughts?
Back in PLTR. Hopefully I don’t wash out my gains on the flip
More credible article re executive action. 

https://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-usa-china-securities-exclusive-idUKKBN27S2X1

TL/DR  three Chinese firms owned by the military will be affected. Baba, NIO, XPEV, LI and the other 1000 of Chinese firms are unaffected.
Minimum for options is $2,500 loss/gain for stocks is $10,000

Just saying why it could have been removed.
I think nio is dipping because if worries about what they’re gonna say in xpeng earnings. We should rocket again once we’re through that
Neither is LI Auto
The list doesn't include NIO (right now) but it still caused uncertainty.
How are we supposed to keep our dopamine up when the market closes?
3500 shares
Rip
Why? National security for 5G but not for AI cars?
QQQ go up and I’ll give you my PPP

Edit: sorry that was trash
[https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-securities-exclusive/exclusive-trump-administration-readies-crackdown-on-u-s-investments-in-chinese-firms-sources-idUSKBN27S2X3](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-securities-exclusive/exclusive-trump-administration-readies-crackdown-on-u-s-investments-in-chinese-firms-sources-idUSKBN27S2X3)  


So that sucks for anybody invested in anything chinese.
Puts?
[deleted]
Did you learn what to do different?

If so, you might be
About to get slapped down by 353
🚀
and many people here supported mango lol. thank god i got out at the top with nio. fuck orange
"Trump banning _______ securities" "free market" "capitalism"

trump is kinda retarded
Increased China tensions is not good.
Yes.  With 🥭 out of the WH the door will be wide open
Mango is the biggest piece of shit
Let me get to a million and I’ll quit!

Journey so far

$50k>$60k>$1k>$10k>$1k>$12k>$2k 😭😭😭😭
You’re a brave man. Best of luck
[deleted]
welcome to the club
It's easier to have blind eyes than diamond hands. Just trust what you buy and then stop looking.
I sold, found this list, and bought back, lol. I may be retarded.
[deleted]
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Same here boder!!!!
W shaped recovery and to the moon
What did the 🥭 do now?
Lol should've bought puts
/u/fatboy-slim What calls did you do this morning?
Buy ZM
Enjoy getting fucked 🌈🐻
PS5 has arrived, all setup other than the alleged 15 hour wait for my data to transfer. Puts on Sony.
I want 1DTE calls so baaaadddd ughhhh why am I like this?!?
Nio is best girl
Temporarily
Why isn’t it doing shit, have a 16c and has been red all week
So only market is the biggest marker?
Porque no los dos
[deleted]
Waiting for market close to see PLTRs earnings like it's Christmas Eve 🎄
Bunch of wierd mfs bought it up
Real talk did we get anything out of Trumps trade war?
So up
mine was 2578 ...
NIO and XPENG not on the list.
I DID MANGO CHINA BRINGS UP SO MUCH
[deleted]
That’s actually retarded.
500$ gain turned to mush in 10 minutes ... it just shows I’m not cut out for this shit
Zm Zm Zm
All cruise lines will if carona is here in spring.
NIO: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8L9pBZQOrIU
every other ape in here is asking about BABA - theres been no catalyst and obviously the recent action is showing its not oversold. find alternatives if you want ecommerce but stop asking shit
Why isn’t SPY going lower? (pokes SPY)
Who else bought the PLTR dip
Huh?
im gonna laugh when it pumps past 49 to close the day
Worth getting in your opinion?
Is it not already?
They put out a list
Same
**Trump killed NIO,,,,you bastard :(**
Xpev and Nio..pump and dump
[removed]
Yes you are wrong to think that
BAN
hold off on that today turbo
... oh boy
Just bought SPY 330p 12/18...  because I don't seem to learn.
Nah
Absolutely hold leaps. This fuck ain’t even in office come January.
Lol why? This is a completely factual and apolitical comment
Ok because I‘m retarded i trust u with every cell of my body. I will throw 60K at it. If someday i become a millionaire i will Name my boat After you
They help ease the pain when your trades go south
Doesn't matter. It creates uncertainty.
It’s just not affected by US COVID cases.
List?
$40 11/20. Max PROFIT
I got out of calls, too risky IMO.
What report?
It’s voluntary and no one cares.
They tank as repubs go back to facebook for their conspiracies
Pltr 20c 11/13 let’s go
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
ZM ⬆️or⬇️
How so?
LMAO this
If you’re gonna do it, that’s how you do it
As much as you all hate shitcoin, no government or government leader can really talk shit about it, isn’t that ironic?
And what do you drive?  A used Corolla?  Stop hating.
ITT: People remembering that owning gyna stocks with mango in office is still roulette
Nothing but pure panic
Sold nio at the top and just got back in. Options are better than crack. Whose dick am i sucking when i blow my account up?
bitch i might be
lol wtf are you even saying about NIO. Haven't seen it dip before? You really think it won't go up even further until earnings next week?😂😂
Why?
NIO is not on the list of 31 companies with ties to the Chinese military. Once people figure that out they will rush back in.  

https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
They’re not on the list
Sell calls against them if you can imo
Ban
Probably way too late, but then again this year has been a clusterfuck
I love the positivity, hope you're gaining from all of this too!
Thanks 🥭!
[deleted]
Who needs drugs when you have stocks lmao
If you’re buying puts on NIO what’s your strike and date?
[removed]
I just bought 100 calls at $19 strike because Im a glutton for punishment
For fucks sake man. Just Google it.
[removed]
47 support for NIO broken time to crash 😌
Thinking black. I want to be like batman
Am I wrong if I think NIO will never sell a car oustide of China, North Korea, Russia or Africa?

Edit: and maybe Iran
same
Top tick timing
F
It’s already been sold
My friend fucking did this with 4k\~ lmao. $42 puts expiring tmw nonetheless.

Didn't even bother to ask me about it, when I initially told him about nio.

told him to load up on calls when there's a pullback tmw. 

I'm gonna buy 2 months out OTM calls next dip, wish me luck
Lol @ Wall Street analysts.

Huge crash in EVs and most other Chinese stocks right after Trump's stupid fucking executive order plans and they call it "profit taking"
NIO goes up
great, people pulling out of nio and rushing into stay at home stocks. FUCKING DIAMOND HANDS
I reckon they will smash first earnings after IPO - fuck knows what market will think
1 million cases a day. That should mean the virus will be over in less than 300 days right?
I agree, the msft deal benefitted from being announced mid-day, even if a pr move is announced for sony let's say AH, I don't believe it would have the same impact as we've seen. I mean the bond buyback news was huge yet it did minimal movements, just gotta wait now I suppose (Share holder, no options)
Stfu
NIO is backed by TENCENT
Bought more AMZN hope I don’t regret
My dude, that’s over 1,000% profit, cash the fuck out! 😂
the last hour before earnings is fun as hell
Most bags are made in china.
Fagbo
Yes
Hold 47
Then I don't see it being an issue. Biden won PA with a decent margin.
That’s the best way to piss away 420 dollars if that’s what you mean
Imagine not taking profits
Why
Me too lmao 🤞
What's NIO never heard of it
Careful. If you made tendies keep em.
See that? I called the Nio top for today
Lmao it might be happening rn
[One of us!](https://media1.tenor.com/images/eda865b2c0a5edf691329c88d1337f92/tenor.gif)
I got in and out for 50% gain this morning.
Does trump news apply to NIO directly due to Chinese government backing? Not sure if I should hold leaps, honest answers only.
Want to buy BYDDY. Stanford uses BYD as their campus shuttles
Li Auto reports tomorrow morning. Turn the printer on.
Li too
Here comes PLTR with the face rip
If I buy calls and puts can I never lose
Ban-bo
>FDA will never refuse this vaccine, especially under Mango.

He's on his way out. Probably thinking of ways to fuck up the economy so that he can later say "you have it good under me."
did you vote tho
[deleted]
Are you gonna sell tomorrow or later today
Ok so you sold the $47 calls for 0.81 a share, which means that if the stock is above $47.81, the buyer of your call could exercise profitably. 
So lets say they did that. I will make this simple by pretending that robinhood would actually be purchasing and selling shares. In reality youd be selling to close one contract and buying to close the other but ignore that because the outcome is the same. 

 what would happen is robinhood would execute your leap, which means that now you have 100 shares of NIO that you bought for $40 a share. Then, robinhood would sell those 100 shares to the person you wrote the calls to for $47 per share. 

So as you can see, if you had just exercised your leap at $50, you would get a profit of $10 per share (minus premium) ($50-40). however since the $47 call was exercised, you only get a profit of $3 per share (50-40+7). 

So what do you loose? it depends on the premium that you paid for the leap. If you paid over $300 for that leap contract (meaning you paid more than $3 premium per share), 

your loss would be $300 - contract price. 
If you paid less than $300 for the leap contract, the position is still technically profitable. just do $300 - contract price to find out your gain.

Remember though, you did 'lose' out on gains though, because exercising your $40 contract at $50 wouldve net you $1,000 ignoring premium. Because you sold that $47 that got exercised, you now only got $300.
TTD is a ponzi scheme. American Greed type shit
Y’all messing with the mouse?
Dead cat bounce. Cup and handle forming
Rise from the dead let’s go bud
Just bought puts on xpev and nio
Then will ride back up simples
the ee7 might look better than the Tesla sedan if it looks like teasers
Why nio down
Anyone looking at SOLO 👀 🔬
Wait what did 🥭 say ?
Pltr leaps
Yep, depending on timing volatility changes which changes the value of the option. Google will help with a further understanding because there’s a lot of things that can change volatility
ACB 42c expiry tomorrow
Preach 🙏
SELL EVERYTHING!!!
Ok
Buy zoom now and you will literally have more money by christmas than you do now.
Ath, lots of margin buying. No room for error
Mango says you can’t invest in certain china companies, China EV not included apparently
And then lockdowns be like "Hol up."
There deleting every post that isn’t related to NIO, and especially other Evs that are booming like xpev
This is me with PLUG right now.
Lockdown in Chicago sounds bullish for tech
✊
Two weeks to stop the spread!
**NIO looks bearish....F U Trump  you cockblocker...you belong in a jail ceil you manipulative bitch.**
Zm about to go vertical on lockdown news
NIO fire sale has ended. If you didn’t buy in then may JPow have mercy on your shitty portfolio
It is totally irrelevant - none of these were included when votes were counted in the first place
:/ tried to tell you
This is bullish
Forgot to sell PLTR calls at open. Looks like I’ll be 💎hands through earnings
Buy 20 stock then buy puts. It’s a win-win with a greater win potential than the cost of the underlying. As long as you get a 20% swing in 2 months.
I guess you're right since we're talking NIO here. I also just came from a "take your profits" post too. I'd give my advice to maybe any other company besides NIO/XPEV
36% in day Goddamn
They will expire worthless, just like your mom.
Fuck off! We don't care if premiums are high around here. All our trades are made on margin, so we aren't even spending our own money. Idiot.
I don’t think there’s been any positive news today, basically means we’re gapping up tomorrow
Looking at some $330/$335 SPY FDs for next week to buy 1-3 DTE.
Absolutely NIO to $60 EOW
Both
Folks already forgot about Tariff Man
POSITIONS.

I'm up ~~5.74%~~ 6.22% and most of my other positions are red because I'm an idiot.
You're 18$ under the minimum posting requirements 🤣🤣🤣
15c for March are going for $.08 to cheap not to try even though it is so far OTM. I bought 50 contracts. If Culp merely farts in the tight direction I should print some tendies.
1999?
these puts about to print
**b**agholding long since it ''dipped'' to 275
Not funny man I’m going broke
Be careful, pull back is incoming within 48 hours
Puss boys
wtf 352 support is a fuckin trampoline
what color lambo we getting?
Flow algo...been seeming em all week
what's this Gynese news affecting my tendies?
ngl, NIO sedan actually looks kinda nice
 No more pain please. I sold my puts an hour ago.
ToS
Who else fucks with ICLN? The Dalai Lama said "Buddha would be green" and 'calls' for urgent climate action ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
DXY pressing 93.00 for the billionth time
no
You watch Deadnsyde too? Or just following ARK?
Double whammy
Good point
Don't sleep on PLNT puts. Every time it rips to 70+, it falls down to low 60s like a week later.
I agree. However the act itself looked like a crappy biotech pump and dump
STOP BUYING THE DIP. LET THE BEARS HAVE THIS ONE. WE WILL GIVE YOU NEXT WEEK
Rkt is actually gonna do the thing now
PLTR LETS GOOO
IV is dumb high
he has two months to wreak havoc
None of the votes affected by Thursday’s order are in the official tally, as counties had previously been ordered to segregate and not count them pending a decision by the court.
HEY!!!! TREVOR IS A VISIONARY!!! oh... wait.... he was fired for pedo shit.... never mind.... you have a valid point...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Too late.
They're already not included in the current figures. This is likely a moot point
i like your thinking, but lets pump it up more.....240 by EOY?!
I did the same but two weeks out.
Lol I put a source up and this can affect the market so....
King Von gets killed and they shut the whole city down
Your asshole still sore ❄
Why aren’t they allowed to be talked about
Told y’all about NFLX at bottom. No way it doesn’t go above 500 next week with people staying at home
DoorDash and Roblox IPO’s lookin like snacks
Was up about 50% on monthly baba calls and then it dropped. No I’m down biggies. I wanna get back in, but nothing makes sense since about March so hard to rationalize anything
How is it priced in? Up $1 from prior to the news on Monday. Vaccine has nearly 2 fold efficacy compared to what was expected.
Nio drilling happening today or tomorrow.
[deleted]
calls or puts on SPY before close today?
it isnt, i just put it in the group because its going to the fucking moon.
PLTR on its way up
Double down baby lets gooo
fomo on pltr today you will not regret it
NIO 1-year change: 2160%

Guess it's time to hop in again...
Thank you 🥭for the sale
Nio isnt on the list
Trump’s said that for awhile very generally, but he did specifically claim that Pfizer would have a vaccine in the last debate. The timing right after an election when it would seem at least a few government officials knew Pfizer was close seems suspicious. 

Granted Albert filed pretty early, but no way they didn’t have a timeline long before the announcement. I doubt the announcement date wasn’t planned around his sale of shares.
PLTR getting CPR...
https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Chicago issuing a mandatory ZM order
4 years
Yes it would cost more if it moves itm and you might take a small loss (even smaller if you use the credit from selling the contract), but it’s a good move if you want to hang on to your shares and low average if you think the share price is going up. Keep in mind you also have theta on your side and the contract will become worth less as it nears expiration so you could wait it out a little bit and buy it back. All up to you though
[deleted]
TSLA is so summer 2020

We've moved on
The amount of panic going on in here is fucking awesome
literally changes nothing, those ballots were already set aside and haven't been counted in current totals
[deleted]
Nio,Xpev bears feel free to contribute to the short squeeze and betting against a govt that massively supports its own companies over foreign ones aka tesla
I see, so I’m guessing this is where the time passing part of the other person’s comment comes in.
advisory*
Are you really retired if you keep doing this, chasing the dream over and over again?
NIO said fuck you 🥭
The real question is how many arrived after election day
might want to take a better look at the news..
PLTR KNIGHTS. WE RIDE TO GONDOR.
NIO short could play out like NKLA. Big bucks potential there. WSB played it up, let’s play it down.
[deleted]
Yea the volume today is awful. GME just needs that Sony PR and it’s good, without that shit I can’t see it going anywhere for now. Honestly just any partnership with a big company, like even Nintendo, would be great
That’s what he does if you haven’t noticed
Puts on that too
Keep going, I’m nearly there
wait, zm is chinese too
Because earnings remove uncertainty, so options price is lower.
enticing
[deleted]
Y’all ignoring my boy palantir, watch this retard go to $20 in 2 hours
[deleted]
ban
You reckon calls or puts
Tempted to buy some Nio calls now. Witness Meeeee
Had lots of luck just buying any under 40 dip and sell when it gets 44-46 ish
UNEMPLOYMENT GANG CHECKING IN
It has to be accepted by a lower court before it goes to SCOTUS
Based
Got my google put, may tendies rain upon me.
We got a topper! 👍 

I sold too. More calls, that is.
Just yolo’d on pltr right before i saw this...
RIP Chi-town
Zoom about to blow off the roof...bunch of money coming in!!!!!!!!!
Gainz R gainz
Can TSLA pull a crazy move and hit 430 tomorrow?
Buy. Do you honestly think peter fucking thiel is gonna fail? Do you wanna bet against the deep state doing surveillance and imperialism but upgraded with futuristic tech? Powered by the latest deep learning algorithms invented by stanford grads?

Buy palantir every fucking paycheck.
No reason to take profit when you are long.
[deleted]
Digestive system retard
That’s what I like to here. Another me
[removed]
You people give me such ridiculous FOMO.
Just when you thought BABA couldn’t go any lower 🤡
Weird, surely dry ice has been around long enough for us to know how to make large amounts quickly.
Take out xpev and fisker from the post so the mods don’t delete it
>Either it expires and I get my credit. Or it gets exercised. If it gets exercised, what exactly am I losing?

About 100 shares worth of dollars if you do nothing with the February call. Most likely the broker will force the transaction and you'll net the difference - but ALLY sux(I dumped them months ago). If still available, you can buy it back about an hour before close to get peace of mind.
Hello friend!
BEAR TRAP INCOMING
CHL PUTS! they are on the list of banned securities.
Jared googled "company names that start with China" and then that's the whole list.
Dead cat on NIO or we rocketing
It's literally folllowing Tesla's chart.
Also keying a random trucker’s semi could have some life-altering repercussions.
NIO went on sale thanks to mango. Time to go back up
FOXA puts
RISE PLTR RISE
Fuck it Im fuck with srty
Going down due to shady management.
Green
Best place to ask is always here. You got any extra crayons for dinner?
lol PLUG doesn't care about the news
[deleted]
i have leaps
Just ate a tuna sub from subway and not even 15 minutes later i literally shit the entire footlong out.  Puts on my asshole
More stay at home orders should be good for AMZN, ZM, PTON
The fucks a share.

Any who that’s still a position, post it
There is none they’re trying to manipulate people into selling so they can buy a dip.
Trump really saw China EVs mooning and had to ruin it
Don't mess with the mouse. Straddle much safe, you just never know with DIS.  
It has meme power to prevent the stock from tanking after earnings.
Sure buy Puts on Disney. The mouse always wins
fuck me, I'm in the same position.
wut, for posting a news headline? gtfo
Doesn't make a difference
I learned the hard way that just because a stock skyrockets up does not mean it is going to go back down.  There appears to be inertia involved with stock prices so the more it continues to go up the harder it is to meaningfully pull back until it trends downward and continues to go downward using the same kind of inertia.
black
Grabbed a single put on NIO and XPEV as a hedge against my shares anyway 🤷‍♂️
You r retard coochie man🥵
It’s not gonna be pretty, for them.
NIO doesn’t apply to that EO
One time
Imagine not taking profit on NIO after a day like this
I mean.. if he gets it... ah man.. nah.. @op, you could've just given us your money instead of tossing it
VaccineTalksGoingWell.exe
Of course he decides to raise hell as he's getting pushed out of office.
Uh oh they buying up the PLTR dip not looking good for my puts.
That’s weird...SNAP went roaring high & is now crashing into the ocean. 🙄
Lock down for 30 days
Heard it was due to some spooky news saying trumpet was about to sign an executive order banning the purchase of securities linked to Chinese military, completely unfounded claim

https://m.marketscreener.com/news/latest/TRUMP-ADMINISTRATION-IS-FINALIZING-EXECUTIVE-ORDER-TO-BAN-U-S-PURCHASES-OR-SALES-OF-SECURITIES-IN--31768767/
Lolz sold mine to rebuy at next dip. Easy 2k.
Buy the dip now. You know you want it.
And NIOs just going straight back up lol

NIO just don’t give a fuck
Exactly 😤
link?
buy a tesla and enjoy a fat $100 ribeye
Nah I just picked up shares
I wouldn't mind seeing the outcome of this. Could be a fucking printing machine
[deleted]
Frustrating on low volume too, no buyers sell indexes/shorts selling off.
Trump will no longer be president soon. Jesus Christ people, he will get his ass dragged out soon. Those tweets are meaningless
I fucking love this sub
News doesn’t apply. Nio ain’t a military affiliate
Sold AMC for 200% but retained a small lotto position just in case. Now I'm waiting for FOXA puts to print.
> nio and other stay at home stocks

how the fuck is nio a stay at home stock
Lower high lower low let’s get it
Still sketchy for China stocks
get in on zoom now before it never comes back below 500. stay at home stocks are going to pluto
The fear is if the Chinese escalate this stupidity and then Mango decides to sanction all Chinese stocks.
No it doesn’t lol he said buying deep ITM with 0/1 DTE. It literally depends on one thing
!!!
Loss porn but with foreplay. Thank you for your service.
i got shares not options lol
I’m willing to bet other cities follow.
PLTR must hold, or Gondor will fall.
Mango thrashing Foxnews on Twitter.....setting the stage for TNN
PLTR
🙃
What news?!
Mango is pumping NIO you tards. Buy the dip.
[deleted]
What color should my g650 be
[deleted]
Just get both!
Fuck 🥭

Good riddance
It hit ATH people will take profits
I have 11/16 355
Chitown reppin'!
Every time I try to chase that chinese shit around, I always lose money :-/
BABA real juicy right now
DO IT
🙋🏽‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️
Supreme Court has entered the chat

Lmao seriously anyone on either side who acts like they know what will happen is retarded and belongs here on WSB.

Fortunately the media doesn't certify elections.
Vix is screaming selloff. Time to take profits
[removed]
I haven't seen the news. What is it?
We don’t know which companies will be listed and it’s stated the aim is to reduce US investment capital from going to Chinese companies. I’m sure they’ve noticed the volume going into Nio.
Convinced my dad to buy 1k shares at 11, he’s been treating me like a king recently.
Why whats happening?
As someone that sells puts, yup go for it! Can’t go tits up
take profits going up. hold losses going down?
Mango got you
NIO about to crash HARD. Thanks Mango!
May I ask why you've decided to watch those three stocks?
$NIO, bought the top and out of day trades. 

Don't let me down
Take whatever profit you are comfortable with, there was a run up to about $1.5 per call and it dropped back to ~$0.80 so just figure out what works for you...
Any DIS plays for tomorrow? Apparently a huge drop is expected, so puts or straddles?
Never
Tastyworks vs think or swim go
What news?
Whats the consensus on DKNG er move tmmrw?

&#x200B;

Cant believe I sold my Nio call spreads early for this shit :(
I go to bed dreaming about getting leaps on baba
Implied volatility. Basically if it’s high, the options value is higher, and it’ll sometimes crash and go a lot lower reducing the price of your option even if the underlying stock doesn’t decrease in value
The iq of a NIO bear can’t even melt ice
What’s a 2.5k play for EOD?
Selling NIO puts literally free money?
Why is that?
I don’t think that could be more irrelevant
Can only imagine. What makes you ask?
applied for emergency funding from my college, talked about how poor i am bc of covid and I need money for my sick family


in reality it's going straight to NIO calls
Yes
when was this reported?
Fingers crossed for it to break that 3518
Absolutely, after a pump like this there’s basically 0 chance it’s not gonna tumble down a bit.
Jerome has forsaken me...
we're ending with a dump aren't we?
[deleted]
Fuck all this shit

Was going to sell off PLTR but now I’m just gonna Get more calls and hold thru earnings 

Fuck it
[removed]
Trump just mad he missed the hype
the value of the stock is going down by the looks of it
Will I make a lot of money from mrna
It’s interesting velocity it’s how fast your portfolio can go to zero .(it’s implied volatility, it can affect the price of your options)
Ok I’m happy I sold now
did any of you morons actually panic sell nio because it went down a few percent after a 10+ day?
WHAT DID YOU DO MY CALLS
Link?
[deleted]
Just now?
Pull out now or hold for tomorrow?
Jesus Christ nobody cares about this shit anymore. Get over it
Where did you see this?
When nio falls you buy more nio
What do I do now?

https://ibb.co/mBSFM78
Lmao i mean, it is what it is, just tryna ask for some help m8
dw NIO isn't on the list to be sanctioned from this:  
[https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/](https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/)
Why do you not have instant deposit?
CHINA INVESTMENT ROTATION INTO CHINESE EV? IM FUCKING HARD
WTF I think I actually own China Mobile, which is on the list.
Source?
What LoL 😝
This. 

Don’t beat yourself up for taking profits man you did the right thing. People get burned for holding longer most of the time
Thanks. I fixed it.
Advisory not mandate
I got spy $352 and $354 puts for tomorrow and next Wednesday $350p as well.. who else is with me????
[deleted]
I'm so sorry
Low volume and margin requirements can make a trade that goes against you deadly for your account. Plus when US is not open TA and charting tools mean absolutely nothing. Like flying blind
Stay safe fellow Chicagoans
Cunt
They are natural gas more than EV tho
NIO 50 tomorrow
die disney die
[removed]
Rock man know now. Rock man thanks you.
post your loss porn
Why do i lose more money when the markets go down as I earn when they go up
Everyone is talking about Nio when Baba is the stock to buy right now.
Rip nio. About to be the new chineese coffee company that is a bad word
there are only like 10k segregated ballots in PA, biden is winning by like 5x that number
Why does palantir tanked today?
Easier than options imo
I'm aware.  It's pretty easy to find transcripts of campaign rallies and candidate speeches.

That's not what he said, but I'm sure you already know that.
Chi town just announced a lock down. Let the drilling commence https://twitter.com/cnbcnow/status/1326967246627991552?s=21
youre literally making your stimulus check if you just play the dips in nio and other stay at home stocks. theyre all gonna go up. corona is spreading and lockdowns are happening. also nio is gonna rip till it hits 100 or more.
I’m so happy you were right lmao
its not.. . its not up
Lockdowns
It fell 4% from its intraday peak
https://twitter.com/Walldo/status/1326966064383713281


It begins
My account really going to need PPT today
TQQQ gap up tomorrow?
13 soon
Puts on my mental well being
CHICAGO HAS ISSUED A STAY AT HOME ADVISORY

NO THANKSGIVING, NO WORK, NO SCHOOL

1929 INCOMING
You are competing against the best traders in the world. You have to be very precise about entries each tick matters. It’s just a beast. I’m still learning though but the learning curve has been very difficult.
That's Warren B. Hathaway you pleb.
[deleted]
If NIO hits 60 Eow, imma adopt chinise kids to make them work in the factories
[deleted]
[deleted]
hope you sold
[deleted]
how is it retarded its real news
congrats on you 8 bucks in 5 minutes
Rkt leaps will print
Where the fuck is Amazon
Small little nio dip 😅 it’a gonna take a mean dump to get me to sell. This was nothing. 53+tomorrow
15c 01/20/23!
$18?!!!
That says 1999?
you think SPY keeps drilling tomorrow instead of clawing back up to stay flattish?
If you fancy yourself a day-trader, then you use technical analysis.

If you're a momentum trader, you don't need TA, you need news.

If you're actually an investor (no one here) then TA and news are trash.
He lost
Back into nio
Bought a 100 NIO shares and sold a 11/20 52c, happy to let it execute if it comes to that. May the tendies be with you all.
I dont usually do this but I am loaded up on spy puts. It will either lead to me being bankrupt or making thousands over night.
It’s an EO on companies with ties to Chinese military. I’m rolling the dice China doesn’t have electric NIO tanks
Should i buy or sell palantir
If 351 breaks before open low 330s are in play Monday. It could bounce anywhere but it's kind of a void right now
NIOBULL3X
Rolling my puts out juuuuuust in case - but it looks like we’re in for some nasty over the next couple of days
Market rotation into solo
It’s like someone just wrote the word China into yahoo finance and pulled all the names.
Vixx says it was bake as buck
My poots wish for 10 but I’ll settle for $14....
Just fucking pack your shit mango. Haven't you done enough damage.
these xpeng puts are useless. iv is at 2505 wtf
I hate to say that  but the vaccine is "priced in". It won't be a big surprise imho. On the downside, pfe will face a strong competition...all in...I think it's a sell
Same here. Got 5 contract put $48 option. Nov 20th exp.
[deleted]
Now that’s what I call retard strength
You got a permit for that arrogance?
Congrats! I just got 3k out of NIO.
NIO has actual product that's rolling off the factory floor. Meanwhile NKLA is still trying to prove it's stuff exists.
PTON ZM ROKU let’s see what these fucks can do
That hoe does not dip
50-70 years vs 10-20

The thing everyone forgets to mention
Donald trying to get in on the nio train 😭
What news? Missed it
Yep bull spread
Got about 2k shares, loaded up just then and march leaps too

To valhalla brother
That’s what they say four days ago when people buy at $43. Watch retard
Nah
wait what
ZOOM to $1000 eoy
Trade War back on the menu boys!
BABA gonna be ok, right... right???
20m in revenue won’t do much to a company with as much market capital as Pfizer. It is nothing close to what they’d get from making a successful vaccine, but that has been priced in at this point. Pfizer=boomer stock that lacks the sizzle. Go GILD if you want to go long. They bought IMMU and are creating a vaccine with S Korea through IMMU and it is the biggest vaccine company that isn’t releasing trial news. Buy it because when people figure out the true value it should be in the $200+ range within a year 300+ in 4 years if their cancer treatment gets a liver cancer approval instead of just stage 4 breast cancer(100% survival rate in a specific type of breast cancer) treatment approval.
Finally in the 100% returns club!
Holding through earnings for sure
Yep. Dudes so petty he would definitely be doing this
Let's go *deeper*
PLTR shorts gonna get burned so hard in 4 hours...
whats the chicago news?
# [LIST OF THE CHINESE COMPANIES BEING SANCTIONED](https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486689/-1/-1/1/LINK_1_1237_TRANCHE-23_QUALIFYING_ENTITIES.PDF) (Update: NIO & XPEV are safe, buy the dip)
The smart money is already selling off NIO and rotating into TSLA, the company that will actually win EV and make significant innovations in energy tech.  


Me, I'm the smart money.
Solo
Proud boys stand by!
Nio 45p 11/20
Chicago stay at home order
It’s a hospital term
Trump signing orders to ban some China securities is enough for me to take profit on these May NIO calls. Don’t want to lose all these gains to this
Is BABA on the list?
Red as a colour really doesn't suit NIO. I'm ordering mine in neon green 👍🏼
I'm seeing strong resistance now
Lost all me monies
Literally all of it
NIO CALLS

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

for the a|l|g|o|s
this right here shows you NIO is here to stay
A lot of y’all don’t kno what a trailing stop is and it’s showing
This is the way

Waiting for a decent pullback though
NIO isn’t one of the 31 companies. 

50+ EOD
Trump news doesn't affect NIO, still reaching 50 

[https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/](https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/)
12/18 50c. Time to ride the lightning again.
Yes, thats right. The list of companies is from earlier this year.

>designated by the Defense Department [...] earlier this year.

The actual news posting on Reuters here, a few minutes ago: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-securities-exclusive/exclusive-trump-administration-readies-crackdown-on-u-s-investments-in-chinese-firms-sources-idUSKBN27S2X3 so I did a quick Google search.
its an advisory lol, no order
Sounds like a loss
Yes!
where is the source for this
Trumps tweet: no one knows what it means but it’s provocative
European lockdowns were bullish af 

Chicago?
I don't know, I've got calls and shares. 

My only prediction is that it moves bigly in a direction.
wow spy dumping again why lol
Yah make a thread about it lets brainstorm what hes gonna shit on during his way out so we can print
[removed]
Out of NIO, where can I go burn my money now?
The fact my post shitting on China can instantly get a good amount of upvotes and then slammed with downvotes leads me to believe this also happens when they shill stocks
Aqua bounty AQB, genetically engineered salmon fish farm
BIGC does that all the time. I’m just annoyed I sold my shares in it after the earnings + vaccine news one-two punched it
NIO and BABA are NOT on the list, guys. Don't worry. Buy buy buy buy buy.
I love the retard humor in this sub.

Think or swim is a TDAmeritrade platform, didn't know they gave price targets.
Sounds like someone doesn’t own shares.
I guess lmao
Deitaone. Straight out of the Bloomberg terminal. NIO has ties to Chinas military because they receive heavy amounts of state funding
You belong here
Spy 351 EOD
# [LIST OF THE CHINESE COMPANIES BEING SANCTIONED](https://media.defense.gov/2020/Aug/28/2002486689/-1/-1/1/LINK_1_1237_TRANCHE-23_QUALIFYING_ENTITIES.PDF)
It means you think the stock will stay between the two sets of credit spreads you sold. Basically, you think it will go sideways for some time.
Imagine how much money you retards just lost out on by panic selling NIO, next tuesday you gonna hate life
SHITS GONNA BE LIT IN FINAL HOUR HOLY FUCK MY ASSHOLE IS READY
Nio currently battery swapping for earnings next week
Something xpev and tsla dont do sadly 😂
Donnie why have you forsaken us
Wasnt he just hyping the up with voter fraud evidence
$30k in leaps leggo
I think chewy has a bright future but has some hurdles ahead.
[deleted]
what dip? its still up 10%
Implying they already don’t
MORE LOCKDOWNS
I don't know if you guys saw but chinese stocks are down
This and now the Trump tweet; BABA bending over
I don't think Trump can actually ban someone from buying stocks without an act of Congress.
DON'T FALL FOR THE BEAR TRAP
Whats everyone thinking for DKNG tomorrow
You really wanna fuck with Da Maus?
I’m out of day trades 😪
I cashed out of my weeklies awhile back. I don’t double dip. Your op is still retarded lol
I don't know. That's why i bought XPEV, NIO, LI all of them, stocks + call option (2021). And today i'm happy. But frankly i think NIO and XPEV are better.
nio just holding steady rest of day or bleeding as peeps take profit
NIO giveth, and NIO taketh today. Broke even
Safe from covid at least
NIO rocket 🚀 too much weight on
“ANYONE SELLS XPEV WITHOUT A 10 BAGGER ILL RAPE THEIR FOOKIN CORPSE”

-The Hound
What’s going to help AAPL break the $125 barrier?
Set stop losses on your FDs so you don't get blown out by news nerds
$355 SPY calls on sale right now
PLTR IV pricing in at 13% move in either direction.  Straddles seems like ez money here
[deleted]
>Nio bears are dumb fucks lmao

I made money with PUTS just now, so fcuk you :)
Lmao yea, just fucking drills
More time go on. Price go downies
CHICAGO STAY AT HOME ORDERS ANNOUNCED RN
It’s not a tweet. It’s him trying to pass legislation. Don’t make copes for mangoes stupidity
[deleted]
Nio, thats all i need to say
Don't worry, they have a way of educating you sooner or later.
Not at all
HOLD
I am not actually buying though, I just made it as a meme.
What beautiful little bull trap
Wait until December
You have 5g? Lol
Jesus this sub has such a hard-on for EV then is so quick to forget.... Tesla, Nikola (dont act like you didn't buy it) now onto NIO and LI.  Nio feels more Nikola than Tesla but what the fuck do I know......
xpev paper handers in shambles
XPEV sell off before close??
dont be scared, buy the nio dip, its only up eventually from here
Was wondering the same thing
[deleted]
Senzu bean incoming
NIO will come back up. The news shook things up but it wont effect NIO. Market just had to react to it. Push through to earnings you pussies.
I mean let's think about it. You're Mango and the only thing you held on was the stock market. Sleepy wins the elections, and suddenly the vaccine announcement and market moons. 

Your tweets, MM's you relied on - all turned their back...

Then you ask yourself, do I let these guys celebrate? I have made them all their gains the past 5 years...Is this is how they treat me now..

Nov-Jan 2020: Revenge of the  🥭
Holding shares only. Even money but I’m sure I’ll be bag holding here shortly!
Thanks Obama
I’m very smart, nio 55 next week
Same
Nio isn't a military company though
Good shit bro
DIS puts
NIO has some serious strength.
Post your positions?
[deleted]
igniting boosters
Is Netflix gonna be at 500 any time soon??!
[deleted]
How stupid would 11/20 10p on pltr be
Wow... someone just scalped a ton of shares and calls on that fake news crash.
it might print. holding 170p 11/20
Nio bears are dumb fucks lmao
https://www.reddit.com/r/sixdigits/comments/jsmf4w/182835_from_wallstreetbets/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share 

What have you done
RiP Chicago, you were a real one back in the day
A cure for being poor
There is no correlation, next week $55
[deleted]
Puts
If LI reports good revenue growth tomorrow and NIO the same on Tuesday, the top won't look very top anymore.
I'm selling waterfront property on Lake Bull Tears. Competition is steep. Better have cash and the ability to close quickly.
Thanks... May such words be wise and blessed by God so i can make money
Retard
Lmao imagine selling NIO
**NIO WILL RISE AGAIN**

***REISE REISE***
Where is the Trump source of Chinese bullshit???????????????????
These NIO bags are getting heavy... ugh
It appears it’s already gonig back up
SOLO
All of it
The only answer here is to buy more
Free is good no?
Did you buy my leaps?
NIO orbital slingshot to Mars incoming
Market looks like it’s about to tank
Is there another Pltr because this one isn't going up?
What's with the sudden pop on BIGC?
😂
[deleted]
It’s hard to go poor taking profits. I sold my LI calls an hour ago
This tweet about trump and nio doesn’t exist anywhere
Back on the NIO train
I know I *should* get out of RKT while it’s up but I don’t want to.
Lol when is the market going to learn to ignore Tweeto Cheeto
https://i.imgur.com/ZqY0v2A.jpg

What an earnings beat!
RIP CHIRAQ LOL STAY AT HOME ORDER GOING INTO PLACE
That’s from August. Old news.
Fool
anybody that hasnt bot in to NIO yet is missing out that shit gona be fire tomorrow when it breaks 50
Fucking Mango..... fuck me. :(  Anyway NIO is not on the list of 31 companies, when people figure this out it will go back up.
Nio lives another day, smh
Lost a lot of money today, what about you guys?
[removed]
💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
I grabbed a small position (20) 12/18 $40c
Me too. I was up 200 dollars but ended up losing 30
Fuck man, gonna set a stop loss for my call in case mango really fucks us over
I just entered an iron condor but I’m not sure what it is. I’ll pretty much enter anything anyone tells me to
NIO dead jump into FSR
Lol no
LOLOLOLOL
Who’s buying Sony calls with the PS5 coming out today?
[deleted]
You forgot the 3rd panel: WSB autists bag-holding after prices tank due to inability to treat positions like cattle (make money) instead of pets (give cute names and hang onto until the end)
Let’s go!!
What are you referring to? I sell a competitor to HIK IRL
Who else is buying this NIO dip ✋🏼
Check out $XPEV options in a couple days when IV cools off, basically the next Tesla and nio
DO NOT SHORT NIO
oh yes it does, you have to be retarded to think nio has no ties
Chances BA drops to 170 by eod tmrw??? My puts are feeling good
[deleted]
SPY failed to breach 357.7 3 times in a row. Hang on to your hats boys.
100% is 100%
Blowjob is a blowjob
HOLD STRONG BOYS
No, it dropped because there’s not any buyers left expert For idiots on wsb
Sorry for tanking NIO guys, I bought as it neared its peak and now it's tanking. My apologies
Held 47 like a champ
[deleted]
Loaded 10 more short calls nio:)
Trump cares more about NIO than Covid
Which news
[deleted]
Your short term NIO calls are dead.  This was a blow off top even without Trump China ban news
Fake sell off then pump
nio pls
"It" yet I mentioned two stocks
nope
APT 20C, free money, ur welcome
How is theta gang ?
Also, I'm pretty sure I've seen the credit before as soon as I wrote the call
$DFEN, what is the play here?
General opinion is to gtfo but I’m holding
Is it time yet or is that $60
LMAO
Weed stocks are truly terrible lol
Aaayyyyy my Short on NIO at 48 might survive
Bring onnn the lockdowns. 


A zoom thanksgiving.
Bought another 100 shares at 14.68. Loaded to the tits
Hyln puts were a massive fail
gonna be a hundredare don't you fucking worry my guy
Head fake. Vix rising
A great day ruined by greed
this needs to be pinned at the top of this thread
Wooo
Well I got some puts when it was +30% and now look where that got me
Gme what a shit stock
I may be a gay bear but I thrive on the fact that tons of retards lost their money going balls deep in a retail video game store on the verge of bankruptcy
earnings prediction?
Is robinhood good at selling expiring options? Or do you usually execute?
I tried to tell all you NIO clowns. Nobody wanted to listen 🤡🤡🤡 #CHYNA
Damn the news is bearish AF
Its a spac man. Called arbitrage.
You NIO bulls are the epitome of retards. I hope you lose all your money and never come back you annoying fucks lmaooooo
NIO retard strength at 47. dont short it guys. you will get burned like i did
pls baba stop gaping me
NIO stop this violence at once! You’re upsetting your mother!
BA Penis pattern is bearish

BA 180p 11/13
Boy I hope my 401k fund manager Yolo'd on NIO
Aren't LI earnings next month?
nio will be delisted if trump does what he says he will do
Get out while you can still profit or break even

Hop back in on Monday when the shilling is over
Loading up on XPEV leap calls on the next dip
I am but a retard. There should be a weekly bulletin like there is with earnings reports
$370 EOW
Finally took a break???
Just when everything for NIO was lining up for big tendies leading into earnings
So the total loss would be (cost to buy it back - credit I received initially)?
NIO VWAP
you better believe NIO will hit 50 before an actual crash
BREAKING: Chinese authorities order every single Chinese civilian to buy at least one share of NIO
Thanks for actual good proof
That XPEV spike made me some niceeee tendies
Long term, none. Short term, it rocks the boat unnecessarily.
Thank god someone posted this again.
Chicken shot changed the buy to 45.31.  Almost got filled.  Haha
Yes
god bless
NIO builds tanks did you not know????
Who
Pretty ironic to buy a internal combustion car with money you made from an electric vehicle company
After lol
Sold nio calls for 120% we are eating caviar tonight boys. Don’t lose hope
Anyone playing Palantir or Unity earnings?
NIO isn’t on there saved everyone a click
Got any kind of source on that?
Another $3m PLTR buy @14.65 DP print...whales been loading!
You mean Dave and Doctor who? Or are you talking about Sherlock and Skepta?

Its funny when American patriots claim Afro-American music to be part of their culture. It's not. Most Afro-American music exist because America was/is bad.
Whenever I say DraftKings in my head, my brain automatically follows up with a deep voiced "RealityKingz."
Sell NIO ?
Sell your NIO don’t go down with the ship
bro thats 100% gain in 5min GLIZZY
puts on RH
Should I be?!?
NIO 40 EOD
[deleted]
not seeing any don tweets that are new - whats this about?
[deleted]
Bought at the right time. I know it's going back to 42 after earnings
Lmao fuck you and your Chinese stocks
[deleted]
For a second I thought I read 30k shares and 10k shares. If that was the case you'd be loaded to the tits now.
[removed]
Come on RKT I believe in you, let these 12/14 calls take me to Tendie Valhalla 🙏🙏
🥭s been shitting on FOX news non stop. He sure gonna start TV station. Puts on FOX corp.
Time for some NIO puts
me
Guh 2: Electric Boogaloo
Damn CNBC hella bearish with “1 in 378 Americans got COVID just last week alone, we expect it to be double (1 in 150) by next week”
This guy watches CNBC and we are the morons...
yep agree..also start reading the Wall Street Journal.. you can learn a lot about Gyna. One word from XI and all is Kaput!
Yo can we all finally agree that mango is a fucking cock
After winning all week, today sucks.
ooooo defense.gov, okay now I believe this news
There is zero chance I will ever use Walmart’s services, Chewy is one of the best companies I have ever had an experience with.
Pee pee poo poo.
Had ties to Chinese government which = military
4 weeks? Eh, that’s not THAT bad. Rather get it over with so we don’t have a longer one
Holding NIO shares duh
Lmaooooo rip
time to load up on JKS again. Wait for the spike, sell, repeat
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   55.0|2.15|2.23|2.25|1.31|163.372%


NIO 55.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2q9mz&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-securities-exclusive-idUSKBN27S2X3](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-securities-exclusive-idUSKBN27S2X3)
[deleted]
5 and I'm up $300
tried to warn ya, hope you got out of nio brother
tried to warn ya, hope you got out of nio brother
[deleted]
so not nio?

edit: this link is from august
If you sell your nios buy some babas would ya?
tried to warn ya, hope you got out of nio brother
Neither
No one is with you....
shouldve just put it all in an ETF at that point...
WTF is going on with BIGC sudden spike
Holding too
[deleted]
nice
Time for AMZN calls?
See it just dropped alot. You made a good choice
Spy you son of a bitch
**The order, which could impact some of China’s biggest companies, including telecoms firms China Telecom Corp Ltd, China Mobile Ltd and surveillance equipment maker Hikvision.**

&#x200B;

EVs and eCommerce are fine. Buy the Dip.
sold my NIO 55c 11/20 for 115% gonna find another good entry point🚀🚀
SPY crossed over 20 day EMA on 1 month chart, very bearish now
In before spike or after?
Open a TDA
FOMO again I dare you. It’s never good to be among that.
Love it
Even if it doesn't people are selling the news
 https://twitter.com/Walldo/status/1326966064383713281?s=20 

> Chicago issues a 30 day stay-at-home advisory (but not order) as COVID continues surging
Cause errybody and their grandma already knows their numbers.
$8 congrats retard
For sure. I can’t say trade so I don’t have an option haha
I don’t think NIO has ties to CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES, I think we good
Off the table
and a shit ton of them.....
Haha how many calls u got?
Definitely will
😈😈😈
Thanks homie
I placed a bet they do so hoping he gets wilder!
you know someone here is buying nio puts
What the fuck did trump say
Closed my positions today with 45$ profit
search for upcoming ipos
holding shares and going long, trump ban lowkey bullish, its a tell of legitimacy and competition
Ok who bought NIO at the top? Lmao
**REV it up**
I really bought NIO at the top wow
For all you NIO bulls betting against America I hope you like that red Eagle dick
Gonna get suspended for pattern day trading thanks to Trump. Gonna yolo 10k into shares. Amazon or AMD while waiting out my 90 day?
[https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-securities-exclusive-idUSKBN27S2X3](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-securities-exclusive-idUSKBN27S2X3)
Nio gonna be 41 eod. F to 🥭
Well everything in China is controlled by the government sooo...
[deleted]
Take this karma to ease the pain
Who decides
Dude fuck you nio
Someone have an actual link to the “trump” news on Chinese stocks?
> The move is designed to deter U.S. investment firms, pension funds and others from buying and selling shares of key Chinese firms. Starting January 11, the order would prohibit any transaction by U.S. persons in securities of **31 Chinese companies** that were designated by the Defense Department as backed by the Chinese military earlier this year.

Here are the 31 companies (2 links at bottom): https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2328894/dod-releases-list-of-additional-companies-in-accordance-with-section-1237-of-fy/
Fucked up part is that you may be up 20% but based on how, when and which stocks/options you decided to buy you may end up owing the government more than that $20 in taxes. It’s not all realized gains/losses but also has washout rules.
You think a little dip like this is going to make me paper hands my NIO calls? Fuck no.
[removed]
Still think NIO could hit 50 by tomorrow?
NIO isn’t associated with the military retards lol
dont tease me.....
Got 1k in this shit and it ain't budgin
Me love you long time nio.
Cmon NIO and XPEV, make a secondary offering!
Does Trumps executive order affect NIO?!?!?!?!?
Not insider trading if you're inside the white house 😉
How easy is it to lose money on futures
I don't think it does. Trump is leaving in a few weeks, and unless NIO is on the list of 31 Chinese companies Trump is concerned about (unlikely) there's not much to worry about
[deleted]
MANGO YOU FUCKING PUSSY
DT gonna make so much money on the TV network he starts next year lol
I swear people on this sub are retarded. I get on here and see you idiots freaking out about "NIO Dip". I then get on CNBC and see +9.40%.  Yea some dip you morons.
I am down from days ago but holding this motherfucker full death.
[deleted]
Ahhh dude... PLTR is crashing wtf you talkin aabout
Whats harder about futures?
Why did PLTR moon before ER?
BABA needs to take off sometime, right?
Perfect
RIP Chicago, stay at home advisory
Fake news fuck you
I’m worried nio and li r front running their earnings today cuz of xpeng so I’d say higher prob that they stay flat or fall a bit tomorrow/next week. But they r memey af which still counts for something
The NIO bulls are fighting hard, lol
So I should  trade options in the Australian exchange, if it goes down then in the US it's going up
executive order banning US companies from investing in CCP owned companies that are tied to its military. Look it up on Reuters
[deleted]
Second lock-down immenent 

[https://www.bbc.com/news/live/election-us-2020-54915256?ns\_mchannel=social&ns\_source=twitter&ns\_campaign=bbc\_live&ns\_linkname=5fad529145324002c52d9efb%26Lockdown%20or%20no%20lockdown%20for%20the%20US%3F%262020-11-12T16%3A02%3A15.332Z&ns\_fee=0&pinned\_post\_locator=urn:asset:b7950529-2358-4db6-967f-867ce4b2cb21&pinned\_post\_asset\_id=5fad529145324002c52d9efb&pinned\_post\_type=share](https://www.bbc.com/news/live/election-us-2020-54915256?ns_mchannel=social&ns_source=twitter&ns_campaign=bbc_live&ns_linkname=5fad529145324002c52d9efb%26Lockdown%20or%20no%20lockdown%20for%20the%20US%3F%262020-11-12T16%3A02%3A15.332Z&ns_fee=0&pinned_post_locator=urn:asset:b7950529-2358-4db6-967f-867ce4b2cb21&pinned_post_asset_id=5fad529145324002c52d9efb&pinned_post_type=share)
SPEED N WEED BABY
Does everyone know about NIO? Yes. Then it’s too late for u
Meaning?
Thanks for the award kind stranger!
He's mad that his diseased ass being voted out didn't tank the market so he will ignore covid raging through the US but want to play tummysticks with GYNA.
Hit $48 a little earlier, still above $47. I sold my $45C weeklies at $43 yesterday :\
Yeah I bet she has done her own version of sending out short shorts to her doubters
I took a $250 loss on their shares this week and just sold em’
Stop buying NIO you tards, it’s done
[removed]
NIO in a quick shambles
Another hour and I'm buying more PLTR
As fast as it went up, the faster it will drop
maybe you weren't watching $NIO
How bad would it be to into PLTR calls for earnings
okqy boys, sold my xpeng calls now buying xpeng puts 30p's 11/20
How do I find out about ipos when they ipo
If you are not taking profits on Gyna EV's that are rallying 30-40% in 4 hours than you deserve to lose money when these shit the bed.
>CRAB IN THE BUCKETS 

crabs in a bucket* 

you moron
NIO and XPEV have military contracts,. Ru roh
100%
same, go long brother, this is the way
I'm not sure why you're calling me a retard for explaining to you in idiot terms what a wrap is, because you were acting like it was "stickers" or some sort of production design for the press.
ban
Sucks we still have a few more months of his tank tweets
Boomer value also had limited growth potential, jockeying for market share rather than being disruptive. With tech you always get the upside of continued innovation - new products that have yet to develop a market.
All the 🌈 🐻 so jealous of NIO
hold
Why did PLTR drop today before ER?
Trump has NIO Puts lmfao
well played
You just know somewhere on WSB was a guy that had yolo'd a hundred grand into NIO FDs and happened to be taking a shit when that happened.
This is the wrong path brother, get out and jump in after the masses take profit
[deleted]
I’m torn lol
I knew NiO was gonna ricochet off $50...holding....
Donald Chump wants to kill all Chinese IPOs....just kidding, unless...
  nio doesn't have shit to do with chinese military though? Right?
Patience will pay off homie.
YESSS QQQ to DA MOOON
It's confusing the shit out of me.
Mango doesn't scare me. Holding nio
And it’ll go away January 20th.
sell nio if you want to live!
BIGC poppin off!!
I’ve met her, this flight will not go well
You just made me wet
Nio is going to touch $50 and dive down to $44. All you idiots thinking it’s tanking to sub 20s are idiots. Li and Nio are having earnings tmmr and next week. Fucken clowns
🇨🇳 vs 🇺🇲 round 1
[TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES](https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/TRUMP-ADMINISTRATION-IS-FINALIZING-EXECUTIVE-ORDER-TO-BAN-U-S-PURCHASES-OR-SALES-OF-SECURITIES-IN--31768767/)
Doesn’t seem so irrelevant then does it
NIO fomo’s second chance is here fam
[deleted]
$IPOC price action is so interesting to me.

Not much movement but anytime it dips to $9.95 or around there, a big buyer comes in with a 20-40k buy.  If you look at the daily chart it's happened the last two weeks.  Someone is buying up all of the shares for cheap but it seems like there's not enough institutional/public buying to cause any type of movement (either up or down) in the stock

&#x200B;

blahhhh
It is 49 moments ago
I hope so I can get back in!
I fomod into XPEV at +40% 😭
hahahaa
[deleted]
i think it also needs to feel the gap at 14.22-14.40 before anything else
[deleted]
Trump needs to leave
He said “fuck China, my whole cabinet hates China”
Rotation out of NIO into PLTR.

No Bears Allowed!!!
[deleted]
Im so ashamed
Someone call J Pow
[TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES](https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/TRUMP-ADMINISTRATION-IS-FINALIZING-EXECUTIVE-ORDER-TO-BAN-U-S-PURCHASES-OR-SALES-OF-SECURITIES-IN--31768767/)
Who here doesn’t want to short the shit out of xpev? Seriously what in the fuck is going on with that
[removed]
This is the way.
Thanks for the NIO fire sale. Remember when Trump god mad about BABA too lol.
NIO up or down tomorrow morning fellas
Short NIO!
NIO TO MOON TMRW BUY THIS DIP
I feel so dirty buying nio puts.. 😔
True
Scam scam gotta dump NIO before too late
What to buy eod
waiting for china EV Dip fuck paying high IV Lol
Dont buy puts on a meme stock... play a different stock
[deleted]
love all of mango's tweets today crushing Fox News... he's getting their viewership ready for REAL NEWS TV coming in late January.
Doesn’t impact nio
So is Palantir gonna dump after earnings given the sentiment today?
What cat is that?
MAKE UP YOUR FUCKING MIND DAMN
It's funny how trump's only selling point was he is good for the economy, cause all that mango bitch has done is fucked me time and time again. It's almost like the rich dont want us to make money 🤔
oh no! NIO dropped from +12% to +10% what am I going to do :(((

also reddit is g37 for banning f4gg0t
Just realized the 1 Chinese stock that should be be rocketing more than the others is the only 1 that’s red today. Classic stock market. This will lift off next week.
BIGC reversal 🚀
Mango China Executive Order news link: https://www.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN27S2X3

Oh shit, not fake.
Fuck it im just gonna hold 30k of NIO shares and 10k of XPEV shares for a long ass time. See you boys in a year
it is the top boyz
Unless its a cure for autism, this sub won't pay attention to it.
Imagine Cathie wood flicking her bean watching tesla rise over the last ywar
How does this effect NIO
at this rate it will jesus christ.. I bought a couple hundred shares just to make watching the ride more fun.
CRAB IN THE BUCKETS WITH MAJOR FOMO THEY DIDNT BUY NIO/XPEV SO THEYRE SPREADING RUMORS THAT TRUMP WAS CUTTING OFF CHINESE STOCKS.. BULLSHIT LOL. NOTHING ON TWITTER ABOUT IT.. JUST CRABS IN THE BUCKET..
NGL I love this shit
lol I hope you’re right, last few earnings I got raped by 🌈 🐻
Selling NIO  near top feels good man
that retart dumped my calls.
Me:”Oh it dipped, perfect time to buy”

Also me:”What if it dips further and never recovers”
Getting ready for takeoff after market close.
[deleted]
where the F is zm going?
I told you to sell, look at my message you retard
Let’s go nio pump!
Lol
CHL puts for anyone?
I just started learning how to make stupid movies for this sub and fumble my way though iMovie. there is just so much shit I cant do on it.
Sold half my nio at the top. Made enough profit to not give a fuck about the rest. Cant wait for Lame Duck Donnie to exit office
Twitter needs to ban Mango lol he’s getting increasingly outrageous
Mango to ban any Chinese company with links to Chinese Government and Military
You still hanging in there buddy?  That morning dip didn’t come back like I thought. We got them 2/19s, we gonna be good. Just gotta hold them babies a little longer.
Fuck
Somebody loading up NIO at $46.13 for 100k shares.
[deleted]
Nio gang in shambles, this thing going sub 40 by tmr
IM BUYING NIO DIP I DONT CARE
I'm going a couple puts.  I don't see how much higher they can go.  They're close to pre pandemic levels...
EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES
Wait until you see how many times I can come.
Nope you would keep your shares, buying to close means you’re buying the contract back. If you sell a contract and buy it back it cancels out.
Mango man fucking my Nio gains
Notice how my soft hands are kept out of harm’s way.
Well because he tried to stick his dumb ass head out and mess up my calls with this stupid EO that will be reversed in 2 months
Fuck it, I’m staying in NIO
STonkS uP on VaCcINe hopE

StAnks dOWn on CasE rise

🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
[removed]
Mango has puts
stfu no proof, cant find anything on twitter you crab in the bucket
nah that was a fake out
You realize it only dropped because of mad mango?
[deleted]
\*ex GF
See I told u lmao!!
Oh shit
yeaa Li Auto is going CRAZY
stfu no proof, cant find anything on twitter
Hmm, in the case below. I did a poor man's covered call. I wrote a $47 call against my long $40 call. The call I wrote gave a credit of $81.

If NIO is at $50 at expiration tomorrow, what exactly would happen.

Either it expires and I get my credit. Or it gets exercised. If it gets exercised, what exactly am I losing?

https://i.imgur.com/BerLteY.jpg
Palantards, how you feeling?
Yeah buy at the top lol
you do realize this is a Chinese car company selling only in China at this very moment? By your argument, then tlsa is fucked in China and nio is the way to go (Americans buy only American cars, Chinese buy Chinese cars, etc.)  Given how many Chinese there are... then isn't nio a great investment?  So, yes... you're retarded
Same. Made $1,500 on it. Not as much as some of these other autists but I’m happy. Going to see if it’s worth entering again EOD.
BAGHOLD SEAZON
Call on the royalities of this banger
The thing is these kinds of flows are just retail but with bigger pockets, i cant see a professional playing these short etfs
XPEV up 30% after earnings, probably do the same, im going long anyway
There’s literally no more good news to hold up this market anymore.

Everything dead including NIO after what Trump did
Cats or wsb members?
Holy shit

What an absolute fraud this garage tier operation turned out to be
My 11/27 NIO calls are gonna be safe. Its guaranteed to reach 50 before then
Yeah but also, look at what earnings did to XPEV today, which shot NIO up along with it. I'm banking on these earnings proving that NIO is more than just a meme stock, and giving bigger investors a bit more confidence going into the long term, and justifying all the current hype.

Could I be totally wrong? Sure, but I'm still super bullish on it long term, and that's where most of my options are.
why can’t we ignore that also?
Oh yuck, missed out. Congrats and fuck you!
I’m finally getting into NIO!  Wish me luck boyz!
I don't even know who or what that is, but I trust them completely.
Just bought the dip lmao
[deleted]
Man, if my other positions weren't underwater, I totally could of bought the dip on the stock that I told myself I wouldn't buy at 15 because it's Chinese
Earnings will be bad, they are in it for long run, new company that's foreign to market, and that was pure hype bubble. Real wave in 2021.
NIO die you bitch!
Nio-Nazis
Hmm, in the case below. I did a poor man's covered call. I wrote a $47 call against my long $40 call.
 The call I wrote gave a credit of $81.


If NIO is at $50 at expiration tomorrow, what exactly would happen.

Either it expires and I get my credit.
Or it gets exercised. If it gets exercised, what exactly am I losing?

[https://i.imgur.com/BerLteY.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/BerLteY.jpg)
Bruh, I can’t wait till this dude is out of the office
[removed]
Haha yes, die trash 😈
Raise your hand if you bought NIO at the top
All retail popping at once. DLTR tgt amzn
Had 10 41 calls expires tomorrow.  Sold at 4.20 this morning after putting in a 200% return.  Woke up late and see its at 7.80 now.   Oh well.
Oh no nio is only up 8% instead of 12% today
wth fuck him he’s not even pres anymore
Lol
bought NIO puts, first options trade boys this one is on me get in on it
[removed]
It’s not a fire sale on NIO, it’s the reality of Trumps executive order
Slow bleeeeeeeed ouch
Spread on the mouse         Lets go!
fuel for the run up probably
His dumbass puts told him
what did Donnie tweet?
[deleted]
TIMMMMBER
DID YOU HOLD?
Cant wait for all these fuckers to get IV crushed on NIO next week- a salty paper hands man who solid his 11/13 $44 c for dimes on the dollar
If he’s irrelevant why are you talking about him 🤧
Lol yo is this a quick correction wtf is going on
Anyone playing amwell earnings?
Dirty money commie puts eod or patriotic big dick calls eod?
[removed]
yo why did the daily discussion thread disappear for at the top of the front page?
Calls that have an expiration far in the future. Usually 1-2 years from now
I'm already on tilt from imagining all the PLTR millionaire posts I'm going to see tomorrow.
Sad to announce that I actually got a job now and will no longer be laying around in bed making more than I would be making at my old job (UNEMPLOYMENT). It’s been a good ride.
I sold some calls against my 2023 leaps I got when it was under $13

At the peak of the bull market in feb uvxy was at around 12.5-13 so I’m not sure how much further it has to fall

You can probably make the most with a condor
Don’t be retarded.  Does anyone here actually believe NIO won’t smash 50 before earnings next week?  Please.
Maybe, maybe not
And just like that mango ruined Nio! Rip!
GTFO of NIO nOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
WTF 🥭
Sold mine for 55$ profit, AMA.
My fav comment here, so true..... But Thiel is more of a man than most straight folks that dude is german to the core
Buy NIO for cheap now!
There are people on wsb with houses? That’s not very poor millennial/zoomer
Took profits on NIO and XPEV, cashed in 90%, holding 10%. If it drops I'm back in, if it rises I'll take my small extra gain.
What program is that?
I bought a single nio 45p 11/13 about 10 minutes before the dip😂 thanks Donnie
NIO is still up 10% today. Quit bitching, BABA can't even get it's fat ass positive.
Bruh the market hates us. Bought into the NIO hype at 48 and that shit drops right after wtf
what did he do?
BUY NIO DIP
Imagine living in the alternate universe where we didn’t sell out to Gyna
maybe for next month
I am pretty sure we have been given a pass to ignore anything mango says for the rest of his life unless he's choking on chicken bone.
My thoughts exactly 8)
Anyone else interested in going long on U but is hesitant cause their entire chart since they started trading looks like a giant bear flag?
Hes gonna make a big mess lmfao
LMAO Mango cucked the NIO call holders
Alright, nio pets.  Rotate into something else.
Bought 175 at $7 and haven't looked back. Suck it gayboys
I really need CRBP to go to 100 rn 🥴👏🤞😎💸🚀😫🔫
He tried to warn us
**GTFO of NIO and hop on ZOOM for some nice TENDIES**
Lol at all you chumps selling. I would ask, why not hold, but this is WSB. Bought at 20, still have and no plans to sell
Think i'm going to pick up some AAPL leaps eod.
Hold to zero
NIO free falling and I can’t even sell my shares 🤦🏾‍♂️
I'm holding puts 🤑💰
Already have 11/20. Guess I'll hold them tight
You needed to wait till 50 brother
NIO put printing 😌
LOL NIO gang gonna get slaughtered today. Feel bad for anyone with a job where they can't watch the market.
The most important criteria when selecting a stock is at what time of the day does the company reports earnings. Fuck off dkng, I aint waking up at 8:30
Here’s how you make money. Hold nio xpeng and li and make bank next year. Simple shit guys it’s really not rocket science. China is such a huge market
i lost it on amazon lol, biding my time for recovery
NIO $60 EOW
Sitting through this retracement on spy rn is hella hard for me. I got puts at close yesterday and I’m still looking for 50 to be tested.
tried to warn yall about NIO early. SELL NOW BEFORE IT HITS 25
Please TSLA what the fuck
To be fair boomers have a market that has grown by over 3000% since they reached adulthood, and for the oldest millennials it’s grown maybe 400%. 30 times vs 4 times.
Yeah, so will I! 

By the way that's zero because I sold far too early.
Why did Boeing moon and then die lol
What’s IV? Sorry
But the NIO dip
NIO fire sale!!!!
50 eod tomorrow
 The Trump administration is finalizing an executive order to prohibit U.S. investments in Chinese firms that Washington says are owned or controlled by the Chinese military - Reuters
NIO puts already printing!
#SELLSELLSELL
Did I really just manage to buy puts at a top? Oh my, oh my
Mango China Executive Order news link: https://www.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN27S2X3
goddammit Trump
SPY $357
[https://i.ibb.co/bWSkRjm/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/bWSkRjm/image.png)

Almost $5,000,000 in IWM 160p for 2/19/2021 have shown up now
Venmo me instead
[deleted]
Yikes u jinxedddd
Tariff Man
If we are red tomorrow ima go all in on spy calls for Monday because we all know Monday’s are green when fridays are red
Mango went full retard per usual
welp ive timed NIo perfectly 3 times today.  Im done.  No fucking way i can keep it up
Bye bye NIO
Get you some of them $20c 2/19 PLTRs!!!! Shits gonna rocket to the moon!!! 🚀 🌚
Oooo you’re hard
It’s going back to $35
im about to make so much money on these nio fd puts
stocks really do go down as soon as i buy in huh?
Everybody getting on the Nio train made me want to sell. Everybody panic selling 20 min later makes me want to buy.

Ugh
Now is your chance to get NIO 11/13 $60 Calls... for below a dime.  

GET SOME
Fuck mango that stupid piece of shit
Well didn’t make as much as should have but oh well. Someone gonna lose their ass bad.
Nio dumppppoo
you thought
What the fuck did orange boi say? Can't find anything.
Bro if your gonna invest short term do options when you buy a stock think of 10 years not 10 days
NIO 37 EOD
NIO is about to crash and bust
Nio gonna be three fiddy tomorrow
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256

Reuters

> EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES
NIO is at the tippy top..and it’s only halfway there
It’s on the front page of Reuter’s lol
Lol you NIO bears actually made me a little worried with this mango rumor. Well played
Literally timed the top on nio lmao thanks for the tendies retards buying something That’s up 120% in a month.
I'm salty about the spread. I made 10% but I think GRWG will be a good candidate for LEAPs.
[deleted]
? it's down about 1%
Trump
Commence the profit taking on EV
Never seen a realer meme
Trying to ban the trade of Chinese stocks and securities if they “work with the Chinese military”
Can’t disagree it sounds shitty. I’m hoping that’s not what they implement just saying it is possible

A year ago I would have said no way could the govt ever do that in this day and age. And we did
You’re not getting another NIO dip. You guys literally just wasted your fire sale
Spy puts will be free money. That peak is very apparent here. Buy a put for a week out and ride into the sunset.
Anything Cheetos Pee Pee does now will be reversed in a couple months.
What happened to nio
Wtf is a leap in a retard noob
Jesus that looks retarded
This comment aged well didn't it
His twitter
Uvxy puts 11/13?
[removed]
**NIO**hhhhhh Noooooo
amazon is such a shit stock until like the 2 days it runs 350-400 bucks...wtf
[removed]
literally just bought in thank u king 👑
Multiple CB
Rejected and headed back down
I’m in the same boat as you. Bought 1 option of nio 45c 11/13 as a first time to see what it’s all about. 

Still holding tho
Fake bounce Nio? Shall I scalp these puts again?!
My first question as well. I smell BS
[deleted]
BLNK boys only get dubs
yessssir
Lol what did mango do this time
Or very poor
Loading up on AAL at $11.8.  


YOLO
[deleted]
Who killed nio lol
I can.
Why would you though? Either numbers in accounts get bigger, or you get to eat out a little more often (assuming you ate at home before).
 https://twitter.com/Reuters/status/1326964369398386689?s=20
I personally have Jan 2023 calls. 2 at 55 and 2 at 25...I might lose the two at 25 since I'm selling calls against them.

Depending how this pumps I might sell them right before Nio day on jan 7 2021
mango wishes he bot MORE shares in NIO
[deleted]
I sold 100 shares a few days ago at 34 for a $20 profit if it makes you feel better.
Took profits on short dated PLTR $11 and $15 calls, letting the leaps hang out. Bought some cheap 11/27 puts in case it tanks.
well as a holder I could also ask: what pumped PLTR last week?
4k*
[here](https://twitter.com/Reuters/status/1326964369398386689?s=20)
Draftkings?
TZA is better
Trump trying to sign EO preventing US from buying Chinese stocks that have ties to military. Fuck you baba is pure
VXX calls baby.

Just need a few more tweets and this thing is goes to 25
I'm feeling some new vaccine news coming tomorrow - i'm loaded up on spy calls nov 12 exp
Fuck it 1dte NIO $50 literally can’t go tits up
gl
what’d he say
Circuit breakers tomorrow
wtf did Trump tweet?! cant find shit
Why da fuck are you even here? This is a trading forum. You're too poor and stupid to trade.
Okay this is not gonna hold.. bye bye nio
This market optimistic as fuqqq
Got lucky. Sold bio calls at the top before dip. Will get it once it stabilizes
What did trump say?
Wow NIO about to drop like a sack of Chinese cranberries lol
All y’all shilling that Trump “news” are fucking dumber than he is
Lol, it's not complicated. I'm just 75% VTSAX 25% QQQ
Tell me your next move
Puts if Spy is under 354.5 near EOD.

Just personally fucked by VIX in the past and I avoid it
ALL HAIL BLNK
We all know the Chinese ev matket can’t go down gee
[deleted]
Yea I think wsb bears are trolling
Every time a stock drops hard, my instinct is to check Trump’s twitter 😂
When we buying back into China EV?
Big time
AINT GUNNA LIE, I HOVERED OVER THE RED BUTTON, BUT DIAMONDS CAME THROUGH
Rotation into rkt cmon guys lol
wtf did mango man say?   
where the fuck you guys get this shit from?
Just in time for Black Friday
SAME my brother SAME
My NIO puts going up even though the underlying price moved $3 against me
You and I both m8
Goddamit Mango
hold for a month and then talk
I panic sold at market open yesterday. Is there a special club for retards on here?
so here is a mini dip for NiO to everyone looking to make a quick $100
Most of us made a bit on nio xpev today.  Donate a little to your neighborhood food pantry.  Its getting desperate out there
Anyone playing Disney earnings?
Lol so what companies have ties to Chinese Military?? Ban everything I guess including everything you buy at Walmart and Amazon. GL w this.
RKT short squeeze LFG!!!!
 🌈 🐻
PLTR retesting mid 14s and building stronger support.
Idk but I bought the dip. 14.2$ average share price
Who tf bought that shit
OP is accounting for the 100% tendie tax
Bro you're green, that's all that matters. Greed is the biggest bitch in trading
I did that wizardry yesterday. So far so good, just not sure if sell today to avoid IV crush or hold in hopes of very disappointing earnings.
[deleted]
okay well hydrogen is too fluffy
Hi I’m retard
I use IG. Make sure I have enough cash after margin to take swings to about half stock price. 

I quite like the fact it's all tax free :).
[5k apple yolo wish me luck ](https://imgur.com/a/Wb0Nu40)
Ig im paying to use the dual screen LG 5ks... wait can you use robinhood on the web....
Is Trump really gonna kill these china stocks again
https://twitter.com/firstsquawk/status/1326962769791315968?s=21

https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=21
Mango is so fucking irrelevant after his embarrassing loss. Just go back to crying on Twitter and stfu, my calls have printing to do 😤
Tell me about it !!!! I could have made 10k if I only waited a day. 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
right now or the one after earnings?
You did what logically was correct st the time chief
Wackarnolds is tearing this family apart!
[https://i.ibb.co/0KGk1cb/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/0KGk1cb/image.png)

SRTY: ProShares UltraPro Short Russell2000 ETF calls just came in.

Only the 4th time it has ever showed up on FlowAlgo
[removed]
It’s interesting going through this subreddit with that perspective, it’s not really about following what people say on here as much as just seeing what’s being discussed about. A healthy dose of this, r/Stocks, and r/Investing is a rounded way to get reddit’s aspect of the stock market. Hard calls on this subs user count going up though
Kangaroo is King
NIO bull trap, I would be careful here before buying the dip
Tell me more about this I can’t keep throwing my money around :(
50 at 3.69 🤘
WTF did he say? Where are you guys all getting this shit from?
What executive order? I can’t find anything about it.
Short answer: yes

Long answer: yes ofc
Reading these salty bear comments
NIO IV Cranked rn think its going to go to $100+ eoy
Curiosity Stream is having their first earnings reports the stock is only 9.50 rn and it going to moon after
What news?
what did he say?
Never use logic
Can’t believe how retarded I am
shares I'm poor 😂
it's reported as services are rendered so no, it won't be reported on this for eps
I would cop nio but my fucking funds arent settled in schwab its fuckin bs
GTFO of NIO>>>>>HUGE DROP INCOMING
[deleted]
Stimulus talks going well, SPY ATH by then. JPM says SPY 400 by March
LOL on the audit
ok so what killed PLTR
Anybody still buying GME calls? Or is the hype past.
Dip over? Back to the ATH again?
Got it. I'm doubling down
Donny pump is back
Mushrooms and DH my guy!
[MANGO ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES](https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/TRUMP-ADMINISTRATION-IS-FINALIZING-EXECUTIVE-ORDER-TO-BAN-U-S-PURCHASES-OR-SALES-OF-SECURITIES-IN--31768767/)
where did you get this news from?
I’m sorry Chinese Elon, why did I doubt you
SELL ALERT: WackArnolds no longer doing breakfast all day long. 

Get out now before it burns down!!!
Nothing, just checked his twitter. nothing about stock market or chinese stocks lol it was a troll.
Why
I bought at 30 and 40 and sold at 36 and 46! I was a bitch I should have kept it til Monday night... anyway I’ll buy back in after earnings
Dude was mad that the Chad chairman Xi stays winning while Donald takes nothing but L’s
So earlier this week I decided I'd play with trying to learn some options

I bought 11/13 NIO 45c just based off the general vibe of this sub. This morning I sold it after it jumped up like crazy, expecting a sell off using all the logic I had. In reality I fucked up and would of made twice as much had I just held it. Fuck logic. Fuck Taking Profits. I played myself
Y'all know when its "easy money" you're about to lose it all right
No DD necessary. You son of a bitch I’m in
[deleted]
I can’t wait for my RH to fucking put the money I transferred!!!
[deleted]
HAHA NIO DOUBTERS IN SHAMBLES, WE OTW BACK UP 🚀🚀🚀
11? Must’ve been pretty OTM that’s what happen when OTM strikes go more out, the gamma  starts hurting
Too many retarded moves in a row. I'm going to take a break and go 100% pussy index mode for a while.
Is that me buying more Nio at the top? Yes.
HOLD THE LINE
Now this is some real DD.
setting up for a beautiful power hour
The mods are definitely goo, you can bet on that
Can’t tell if this mango executive order talk is a troll or not. His Twitter hasn’t mentioned anything
NIO about to dump so hard
that was the NIO dip you guys were waiting for
LOL which one of you retards panic sold nio
lol ok
Anybody playing earnings runups? Maybe too soon, shit seems all over the place still
what the fuck did he say????
I sold at $7 lol, up from $5.40
Bottom is in?
BUYBUYBUY
Yes
Thank you for this is actually sound advice and will help me out. Im trying to build strong bones. Get a car for when i make it out of school in the spring Upenn 2021
lol I set a buy on PLTR at 15 this morning and forgot about it till now.

Shit.
Stfu ban this dickheqd
I feel sick just thinking about Xpev being at 36 like 4 hours ago.
Mango giving us better entry points on nio
This is a disgrace lol
Big red gang tomorrow is finally our day
Imagine those who bought puts thinking it was crashing
Most of the posts are about NIO. Be fearful when everyone is greedy.
Well the retardo bears didn’t.  Quick hits and cash gang overnight pays til the end of time
wait what did mango say?
WTF Mango..... I just stepped away for a goddamn minute. Fuck.
Positions?
😂😂
I bought mine halfway up, can't believe it was over 40-something % up. Unreal.
Get out. Trump Tweeted.
What's the news?
Fuck Trump. NIO gang stay strong
I’ll cum
Might have the ugliest car I’ve ever seen
what news
Um so spy just played all the bears again?
should go to r/politics for the 🌈🐏 stuff
Orifice of the president elect
Is trumps executive order really going to have an effect though?
lol cant believe u guys fall for every minor dip. this is going to 50 for earnings
FREE MONEY WHAT A NICE NIO DIP
Trump's executive orders literally mean nothing at this point
NIO going back up boy
The pop happens after we hit 4000, be patient brother
If nio breaks 50 after this, I’m admitting defeat and China can have my land
Stfu melt
Poke it harder!
Where you get your news so quick from?   
What did he say?
yall really think MM gonna pay out for those pltr calls? fohhhh
For real. Wanted to sell mine at 352 but it bounced up so quickly while I wasn’t looking
Looks like the NIO dip is getting bought
what was the news
Why
All you Mao Ze Dong lookin retards buying NIO & XPEV. Hope you all get the Luckin Coffee enema.
Sell the 11/20s bro 😂👍
I made a mint on calls I held over the weekend on monday. I might get some puts today. too much turmoil right now.
I got some 11/20 500c, not thinking its gonna go itm but looking to scalp some profit
Yeahhhh. Time to load up on spy puts. That chart looks ugly.
TSLA 430 tomorrow, and PLTR 20 tomorrow.

I need a good win.
what did he say
that was just a dip, the one you've been waiting for.  a healthy one at that
Bought at 41 and got out at 42 I just don't know when it's going to drop just like SPCE
Trump needs to start his own American car company powered by coal to defend against all these Chinese electric vehicles. /s
That’s a thicc red candle
Don't tell me what to do.
Never forget the great triple witching hour DD
I’m buying this dip
That tweet about trump and China is bullshit. Not seeing anywhere else. Fuck u bears
Omg.market crash. NIO top reached
My internet went down for 2 minutes, and my NIO gains got cut in half.  WTF?
Manipulation. So many fake pumps that evaporate as soon as you put your money in.
What that homo mango announce?
I am in your post and I don't like it
imagine not buying more NIO right now lolol
Okay we getting SPY puts or VXX calls ?
Lol at the people who paper handed NIO
Oh NVM I can't read. You bought 50C, I thought you were holding 27C that you'd bought long ago...
has banning sales of securities ever happened before?
Buy the nio dip easy money
Okay we getting SPY puts or VXX calls ?
Will this EO from Trump blast NIO?
I’m up 56% on my NIO puts
Buying to close would mean I have to give up my shares right?
[removed]
“Why didn’t I sell Monday?” Has been my mantra all week
la-may-oh
CHINA EV RETARD STRENGTH, MANGO IS IMPERVIOUS
Nio is rocking it, but I sure wish tsla would wake up
[deleted]
I bought 10 11/13 45p for .48. Up to .70 rn. Just a small percent of my gains to try and maximize both sides of this momentum.
Didn’t buy the AMZN dip :/
Wtf is NEO
I would buy in, but I really do not want to baghold those ugly 1-seaters...
What's mango doing?
[deleted]
Tf what happened to nio
Until it did
GET OUTTA MY HEAD!
If I timed that bottom on ZM, I'm literally gonna nut
The orange one
Looks like SPY is v shaping
i sold 3 covered calls 30c dec in september
Imagine
So it's going to get reversed in 2 months...
[deleted]
NIP RIO
[deleted]
If you sell it's a day trade. You can buy more tho with no repercussion
Wats going on with snow
Anyone notice that Amazon's trucks are UPS trucks just painted gray?

Puts on UPS.  Call on AMZN.
Nio was like no 50 for you fgtz
bullish

priced in

give me some of that sweet communism tendies!  😜
Time to time this DIP. Another $2k worth of NIO bout get bagged
Unless you've got expires tomorrow, this rocket is taking off soon
F U YOU OLD BASTARD
 **TRUMP** ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO **CHINA**'S MILITARY-SOURCES
WE WERE THIS CLOSE TO GREATNESS
Out of NIO and into PLTR. Last chance.
Dear WSB autists,

Refueling in progress.

-Love,
NIO
Load up on them NIO calls. This is the dip
I also came early
Imagine getting some long term NIO calls at $20 when it was $2-4 lol
If you’re still a trump supporter after his latest EO idk what to tell you dude. Probably a NIO bear
Mango is such a pussy ass bitch
SELLSELLSELL
Trumps announcement will not affect NIO. Calm down people.
Vix says I am fuk
Nothing wrong with taking profits and re rolling to a higher strike or farther out expiration.
Get to work you nog.
Why the fuck do I keep selling nio calls early?!
Sell the ones for 11/20, IV will go down on those probably, then roll those profits into some for next year even higher
It was either you or mango. I'm going with you.
What happened now? Not seeing anything on Twitter
Ok, which one of you ruined it?
What’s with this mango talk
GTFO OF NIO NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Covid concerns stock goes down then next day Vaccine news yay stock is up now lmao!!!
I hate you guys
learn to trade futures, or options on futures, and you'll never deal with PDT.  But... *learn* that shit.. you can blow up your account going long, just like you can going short.
So fucking mad at myself. I had calls for XPEV 40c 11/20/20 and I sold them when they dipped.. could've tripled my money at this point. Fucking hate myself
Idk bout u but im waiting till 300$ a share
Go onnnn 👀
yeah...? after a +13% day? it went down like a dollar dude
RIP NIO
Oh no not Nio :( but really :)
What non meme call/put is a buy today?
The nice thing about stonks is there's no limit to how much you can gain, but you can only ever lose 100%
Doesn't matter stock dropped. People care about being rich, not right
Idk with PLTR. I think its gong to plummet but it has bounced off 14.50 3 times. This seems like one of those stocks thats going to moon and confuse everyone.,
Oof yeah I don’t do options on TD. That’s just for the long term with 0% commissions.
You are a credit to France.
It effects options near term more than longer dated ones

FWIW i kept a few May and Nov expirys

I could be wrong too homie, im just telling u what i think, and am betting on
D- RUMP vs CHINA
BABA is a company
Good damn it NIO stop that! BAD BOY!

I wanted to buy in again when my other puts finished printing!

Seems like I have to settle for your ugly cousin PLTR...
All that to make 150 in profit congrats!
loading up on tomorrow's 410/420 TSLA calls for this week's yolo play
Baldie wants to be the next Woody Allen.
Sold my NIO, thank goodness. Now to buy calls again or switch to puts? Lol
you really can't look away from spy puts for more than like 5 mins eh, fucking hell I got hammered just now
Me too, so basically we are brothers now.
palantir
Cmon need proof
Sold half
Long term yes, short term, be careful
[removed]
Get out of china NOW
you dont "get" the credit until the expiration date. like you wont see that money until you either buy to close the contract or it expires. if the contract is below 55, you just let it expire and you will get the premium. If you want to end the contract before the expiration date (say if you think it will hit 55 before the expiration but it hasnt yet), just buy the exact same contract you sold ( -1 + 1 = 0 for the simple minded)

If the stock price goes past the covered call strike price, then you will be forced to sell the shares at the strike price (this is done automatically). Remember that usually people wont exercise the option until stock price = strike price + premium paid. because that is when they will breakeven, so theres a chance your potion will never be exercised in which case you keep the stock and premium.
Hopefully NIO gang will stop spamming now. So annoying.
Sell and buy higher strike calls
🥭: “he bought NIO?”   

🥭: “dump it”
Call at 100 strike price
Same
Been winning off of random reddit plays. Someone keep the hot streak goin! 🔥
Hey, PLTR just woke up. That's nice.
DKNG reporting before the bell tomorrow. Surprised there is absolutely 0 volume
Baba $263 entry point
Why?
WTh is up with baba ?
That's all he does
Lol no you didn’t
SELL YOUR NIO YOU DUMB FUCKS.
He hung?
Imagine telling someone to diversify their Apple holdings 30 years ago 🤡🤡
Wash, rinse, repeat
[deleted]
Some DD for WSB:

Xbox Series X comes wrapped in a sleeve that says Power Your Dreams.. MSFT is saying to buy calls.
Yeah I don’t do options on TD. Stick to the long term there with me 0% commission
Nio puts printing lol
He said fuck China and fuck WSB he doesn’t want us to have a good time
I fookin bought Nio and xpev shares months ago and sold right before they both skyrocketed. mode some money on calls though
How the fuck do you pawn a car
Preach
No my YTD is up $175
Secret service needs to put Trump in a box for the next 2 months before he actually destroys the economy so that he can blame it on Biden. Mango should be banned from all social media for market manipulation
I sold 85 45c contracts. I know pain
i bought NIO puts on the news that " **TRUMP** ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO **CHINA**'S MILITARY-SOURCES"

&#x200B;

betting against the giant
Yeah Mee too..what platform do you use? Trying to pick one
Holy fuck guys there’s more than one ticker to look at, it’s still up over 10% lmao, quit overreacting
Nio is hitting levels we haven't seen since... 2 hours ago
This post aged well.
yep
mango gone soon, dont sell, dont be a fool
Please post this to r/nba
BUY THE NIO DIPPP
Is NIO linked to the Chinese military?
What did u play?
Yeah, well... you know. Amazon stonks only go up smooth🧠
lol NIO
10x is enough... I’m out on the day trade maybe puts but I’m not sure yet
HELL YEAH BROTHER
"links"
Smooth, I respect it
They said FOMO was at 40. Now they say its at 49. Soon they will say its at 70. lol just go all in already. i already sold my car and house and went all in. im living with my girlsfriends dad right now. up $45k in 2 week.s
Oh no its only up 10% now 😭
Tell me more
I bought a $50 call today for xpev cause I had some leftover cash and sold it for 100% profit, fucking this is now up 1300% lol
[removed]
CCL $13 P 11/27 

These boats never sailing again boys
Lmao
BOUGHT NIO AT THE TOP WHAT ELSE IS NEW
Hello, Police?  


Yes, this guy right here.
Chinese stocks always a risk
wrong, they use the batteries
Y'all can't handle the slightest dip
If I buy and sell the same contract (while already holding one) will it count towards my day trades?

I used my last day trade to sell some calls I bought this morning. I have one more. If I buy the same call strike again then sell them all, will I get pdt?
How much did you lose???
Fuck I panicked sold nio
Trump China saga continues
>With a covered call, I get the credit when I open the covered call. At this point, all I do is let the option expire right? Or am I supposed to close it out or something?  

If it's otm or you're dead set on keeping the shares, you can buy it back to close it. Always smart to close out in the last few hours to avoid suprise exercising. Otherwise let it expire and move on.


>What about if the stock price goes past the covered call strike? Just let it expire and hope it doesn't get exercised?

Past strike will almost always get auto exercised. You can buy it back but obviously at a loss.
NIO Puts, mango man's a commin
Are we the same person?
Li
sell out
If it's gonna be paid out as NIO calls I'll be happy
I think ur high, buying high (pun intended) selling low
SOLO is the new NIO
You guys may as well sell Nio/Xpev now, anytime I buy in the stock drops within 5 minutes.
I hate donald so fucking much for this. Perfect run-up and they let his bitch ass on twitter again. can't wait til he is gone.
[deleted]
such a cunt, can't let us make money in peace.
[deleted]
[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326963095588237314?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326963095588237314?s=20)

>\*Treasury: Monthly U.S. Budget Gap Rose 111% to $284 Billion in October  
>  
>\*Treasury: Federal Outlays Up 37%, Receipts Down 3% Last Month  
>  
>\*Treasury: Over 12 Months, U.S. Deficit Totaled $3.3 Trillion in October, 15.5% of GDP  
>  
> US FEDERAL BUDGET BALANCE (OCT) ACTUAL: -284.0B VS -125.0B PREVIOUS; EST -274.5B
Did The news about mango drop NIO?
My fear is that GM uses their influence to make the fraud charges disappear.
I missed it, what did 🎺 say?
Im with you. Ride or die brother!
Nio at 13 and out at 19 and xpev at 19 and out at 21
That dip got bought real quick
Fml
Nice try lame duck donnie. Nothing stops this moon mission
Btfd
Christ you people can’t read. 

Links to Chinese MILITARY
every US listed Chinese stock has military or ccp money in it lol
What the fk was that man??
Don't care if I'm banned or suspended for pattern day trading fuck you trump.
That’s why you should have everything in one stock. If it was one of those five you’d be rich
Pull the fuckin rug this is retarded
that huge fucking dip and it just comes back
They said FOMO was at 40. Now they say its at 49. Soon they will say its at 70. lol just go all in already. i already sold my car and house and went all in. im living with my girlsfriends dad right now. up $45k in 2 week.s
Shit $48 lol not taking any chance.lol
Power hour focus group:

Spy up or down at 3:30 today?
mango caused some fear...
how much has NIO lost you in the past 5 minutes? 3k here LOL guh
Every thread is full of nio and theres never been a time to sell. Only BUY BUY BUT
You can let it expire or buy to close if you want. If it goes past the strike price there’s a pretty good chance it’ll get called away, most brokers exercise automatically at the exp if it’s even slightly itm since that limits some of the loss for the buyer.
My gut tells me there's so much negative shit lined up-- mango might not leave without being evicted, the odds of a stimulus bill tank if Dems lose both Georgia Senate seats, rising China virus cases, etc; it just feels like we are due for a big drop, but I know as soon as I go in on puts, the market will rocket.
35
Always gotta stop and rest when climbing in high altitude.
I was hoping that they were still going to announce on the 24th so I could get in late this week and ride it before the announcement but the iv on these calls are absurd now. I'm basically all cash cept the stuff I bought today.
🥭 bought nio puts at the top
Sold my puts for modest gains at open, AMA
Keep holding
WHAT THE FUCK NIO WRONG WAY
Pltr
💎 🙌 
Hold me
[removed]
F U ORANGE MAN>>>>>FUCK OFFF YOU FUCK FACE
NIO done for today. Buy your puts now to make money
he bought?
lol im not even old enough to make a real account and i bought at 40 in a demo
Wtf is xpev doing rn
[deleted]
Ok, so reading the retarded posts a few days ago I thought market instability was done and stonks only go up. Further proof to inverse anything that's popular here.
Maybe I’m just a noob. Does IV mostly only effect options expiring sooner?
even for a shitpost this post is too shitty
Imagine the 🤡 selling1/21/2021 $35 NIO when it was at $19

Now imagine being me
Ok, what idiot here finally bought NIO calls to make it go down?
Nio just bounced off 50ema, go long sheeple
Pump and dump NIO!! Left at the top! Chinese scam
Ummm how bad is this for NIO https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=21
They've moved on to EV. Jack got too big so they bringing him down a notch to remind all who is boss
[removed]
NIO dumping but I’m still up 86%, lol
GUH
yeah every time WSB thinks they hit a goldmine like this it tanks very soon
No, have him double down even more so he can get the green shaft RIGHT UP THE POOPER
 [https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1326962769791315968?s=20](https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1326962769791315968?s=20)

> FITCH SAYS U.S. ELECTION OUTCOME LIKELY MEANS THAT ANY NEW CORONAVIRUS STIMULUS BILL IS LIKELY TO BE CAPPED AT $1.0 TRILLION
Only 5 positions out of 35 are up this sucks ballz
# SOME PEOPLE JUST WANT TO WATCH THE WORLD BURN

# 

# WITH CLEAN COAL
Rotate over to FSR and BLNK when china gets banned
Trump really went and fucked us all eh
NIO falling off a cliff and money coming back to PLTR it seems. Lol
XPENG easiest 10 bagger day trade I’ve ever had
Who bought XPENG and NIO at the TOP!! omg!!!
reminder to increase your 401k contributions if you can
This doesn't include nio right? Is the chinese military rolling in nios?
[deleted]
Nios fine chill
Ive lost $-1164 to theta so far on BKNG. 🤡🤡
I turned $200 into like $2000 on PUTS yesterday. Sold, then reentered yesterday later, then the mega pump happened EOD. Now today I was up when it opened red as fuck, now it’s just bleeding from theta.
Holy shit what a drop
Them FDs are toast
lets see how far these EV ADRs retrace
Nio... it was an honour playing with you tonight gents 🎻 🎻 🎻 🎻
Started! Should race down the hill
same here :)
wtf trump
Nio puts
Let me explain how to make money buy Puts on NIO EOD. Wait for morning dip sell outs and put the money towards NIO calls. Rinse and repeat.
It’s the end for today I think
be greedy when others are fearful
Should I buy U now?
Hahah love to see y'all get a big red dildo up your tight little assholes
UHHH
[deleted]
I can't believe Trump browses wsbs to see where our money is flowing
😂😂😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't think the Chinese military uses anything NIO..
[deleted]
When they first debuted, they were thought of the Tesla of China. Then almost went bankrupt. I invested early and stopped after researching Tesla. However what your Thoughts on Xpeng?
[deleted]
Always hold
[deleted]
You’re gonna buy a whole Wendy’s? I quit my job right now and I work for you
Lol NIO
LMAO mango said fuck your run up
How is he still relevant what damage can he truly cause in his last 70 days
 NIO 44.96 EOD.
nio and xpev dipping
Li up 25% is just a taste of how bigly it'll be up tomorrow 🤤🤤🤤🤤
Corona is over. Now we gap up! 🤡
NIO 75c 11/13
Bitch ass mango
Seems like only missed out on a little by missing the dip, is it not worth hopping into td?
I only see two pretty best friends: NIO and XPEV
[deleted]
Will you sell before earnings? or hold and expect an even bigger jump up?
any briefings?
Balls deep in PLTR
Got $500 to throw at something. What’s the move?
XPEV NIO putzz now!!
LMAO NIO
Goodbio👋👋👋
NIO 45p for 11/13
Noooooo
LOL NIO
Lmao fuck
Uh oh, NIO top buyers union
Uhh sell your nio
XPEV going HAMMER!!!
NIO: *ROLL TIDE, DIVE DIVE DIVE*
Is this the end of the bubble for NIO or just a dip?
nio will break 50 today  you can see it
you gotta hold through earnjngs now bro
Ah okay, good man. Ty for the reply
This is the way
GTFO of NIO>>>>>>Organe hates us...somebody kill that mothefucker.
QQQ 292 EOD
Kicking myself for selling NIO yesterday. Oh well.
back down under 10
Dump dump NIO. Live and learn!!!
[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256)
i pussied out and sold all my PLTR shares and calls today at $16.80... thank god
paper mother fucking hands.
nio
Im tryna make money homie mango is tryna trash this market, im down to tango
Except then I will get in finally!
If you're buying NIO now you must enjoy losing money
>g

[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256)
Uh oh XPEV finally gave up
I'm losing hope brother, earnings is starting to scare me
IMAGINE BUYING NIO AT $49 kek
The big secret of this sub is that 98% of us have graphs that look like this
Dont let NIO distract you from the fact that you are mentally challenged if you dont buy SPCE now
the Ghost of Bogdanoff
look at chinese stocks
It's not the top
Cause this sub told you to be
Amazing 👏
Down for now
No.  They are issuing more shares. This is dilutive, has negative impact on stock pricing in the short term.
Ok pussy
[deleted]
Puts at the moment, I've been getting wrecked this week with them but made some back today.
puts
I just got 6 SPY $357c 11/18.. let’s see how this goes.
Source on Trump?
If SPY can't finish above ~354.5 it's headed down Friday
5 cents
I’m a risk taker but this is just silly. Should’ve pumped money into it when JP Morgan set that 40 dollar target and sold half kept half and carried on. Oh well.
it doesnt get any more autistic than this
XPEV dump already
Nio leaps are free money
lol fuckin pltr sell-off started this morning

i mean, how much more will it fall after earnings?
NIO bears don't understand that the Chinese renewables industry is becoming the world's largest industry over the next 10-20 years. any dip is a buying opportunity, buy shares nonstop to reach the promised land
$rope
Im not long term long NIO so yeah I’ll take a quick return over a few months and get out.  Dalio is having a terrible year, I think he’s lost his edge.
I got January calls too my brother. Let us profit or go broke trying.
Big if true
FUCK ANYONE WHO DOUBTED XPENG
$AMD december calls got it
china bad
Here's the "dip" on NIO before Friday's launch
That seems like a pus pus move
XPEV to 50 please
Looking at the activity on $50c xpev and contracts being bought /sold literally every fraction of a second.
[deleted]
bigg v
Lovely chinese book keeping
if it affects nio we going into civil war
Strike?
Don't bet against retard strength. Sell your shares/calls for profit sure, wouldn't try to buy puts especially when the IV is fucking bananas.
no blue check means no trusty
is there news? i like this gamble.
rolling stop loss triggered on NIO.  Feelin good
What did trump say
I told u i literally sold yesterday

Yes i think itll get IV crushed im literally betting on it
NIO PUTS PRINTING
Don’t be a pussy, don’t sell
[deleted]
[deleted]
That’s enough I’m out of the nio options
Please close ur positions so it goes up again
Li = Lifan = Honda
Oh buddy
What ticker for mango shit
Ride the CleanSpark snake.
I mean you get buy em at 4:14
link or fake
Ariel.  Always my favourite.

Jasmine is a close second.
Imagine buying XPEV at the top when it’s already up 44%
How could they know 90% efficacy then; they wouldn't have any way of knowing if their trial participants had actually been exposed to covid or not

If they are just saying that 90% of the non-placebo group didn't get covid in some fixed time period then those results are not necessarily completely correlated to the vaccine itself. There could be other reasons the non-placebo group was never even exposed to covid in the same amounts as the placebo group.
When did you realize your a FOMO H**O
Lol who tf cares. Mango is so irrelevant especially after his embarrassing loss
Lets get this bear trap.
Sell otm puts, IV is high with the ER + dump into ER
Chill on XPEV and NIO. Ready for a lil drop
whatchu got buddy, i bought a ton of 500c 1/15/2021 @ 511, holding till wed, u?
Thinking of taking my NIO profits and buying back in with December calls
sell now
NIO, XPEX, and LI.

The Chinese EV trifecta
You’re still learning
If you didnt buy zm on the dip today, you hate free money
That’s pretty much always my philosophy, if I get a decent profit I sell cause I’d rather make guaranteed profit than risk losing it. That said it’s tough seeing it close in on $50
Permaban
Researchers at BNTX said their vaccine could end the pandemic and y'all are only talking about NIO
I did that with Kodak of all junkers. Not my finest moment.
IM FUK
congrats now go fuck yourself
Trumpy tantrum apply to Baba?
Lol
Sell. And wait
He won't be president for long enough to make this happen. He doesn't even remember trying to get rid of tiktok.
I neeeeeed appl to close below 118 tomorrow or my trading career is over
I just hate hoping in stuff to tank
Only 🌈🐻 will tell you to sell, hold that shit till the very end
Just sold brotha!
That's sensible. Any other recommendations?
I cashed out my NIO leaps at the tippy top. 😍😍
Cruise and airlines when they pumped in june. Then Team RKT ( didn't lose money) and now I'm here.
Me with LI @ 30...surely it will slow. Check 10 minutes later, up another 10%. Fuck!
[removed]
Can somebody plz pull some strings and get nio to tank just like... $ 4-5 so I can buy in?  I keep waiting to buy in but it keeps going up :(
:) too ez fam
I opened a bunch of NIO puts and it started tanking

Very cool 😎
You are autistic. He sold $5.3 million in shares. THATS NOTHING compared to how much he probably owns. Man’s just trying to capitalize on Pfizer hitting a high. Guarantee that sale was less than 10% of his position in Pfizer, probably even smaller.
nio to the moon
link, or ban, cuz this is no chill
Proof
Nio dip lasting about 90 seconds?
NIO POOTS
My dude, its the Trump Flu, get it right.
Haha I was thinking this earlier
Get a clue then boomer
Not sure. Good question.
I bought NIO at the top AMA
It currently can’t recognize spreads, but I’m working on an update to fix that. So it just thinks “/“ is an unimportant character
Lmfao
Fuck you tesla you piece of shit
Can you stoners pump weed stonks please thanks
Pltr straddle?
Dump it
Source
Donald fucking trump
Lmao nothing makes sense anymore, any car coming out of China is money
SELL NIO NOW!!!!! TRUMP BANNING
I FFUCKING BOUGHT NIO  AT THE TO P FAWKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Whew, at least TikTok isn’t connected to the Chinese military! 😉
Im holding even if it takes me down to where I started this year. Fuck it.
buy buy buy
BLNK next
Thank you. Honestly I'm concerned with being too impulsive and fucking myself
i thought i paper-handed my PLTR calls this morning for a meagre profit when i originally bought them at the top. guess my paper hands worked out for me for a change.
Sell all my NIO shares and yolo on leaps/options or nah
I’m so scared
Yea especially the people that thought it was a good idea to fomo in at $49 like there wouldn't be some issues busting through $50 with shit tons of IV on these contracts.
Same brother
Ty for the money
Don't sell you pansies
Circus is that way --->
Back down to 0% yet?
[deleted]
Really good or really bad. Flip a coin
Same buddy, same
Nothing much, whats up with you?
Agreed, I do prefer a stock going down into earnings.
[deleted]
[deleted]
EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES
executive orders mean shet
Nio come down a bit don't be shy. Let me buy you
NIO bulls acting like a pullback is impossible when the exact same run happened on Monday and it fell below $40 again on Tuesday. Pull backs happen lock in profit now.
good bot!
Man Googles chart looks hilarious today
Sauce needed
iv might be too high unless you expect a big pullback
Just sold my spy puts to buy calls lol
[deleted]
If this is the pump you speak of . You’re not gonna like EOD
Buy the NIO dip tard
Hooooold
Lost 50% of my portfolio in September and now I’m too pussy to make moves so I e just been sitting and watching money waltz right passed me :(
SHORT NIO
[deleted]
Congrats you have two sons. Both have crippling autism
Who tf is buying right now?
This is not a heathy or practical run up lol
bought 15 325 lottos for tomorrow..  doubt it will happen, but between mango, rona and whatnot, I'm guessing there is at least a slight chance.
I listened to you mfs for once and bought pltr. What the actual fuck. Good thing my calls don't expire another two months so I have time to recover
Finally some 🐻 action
FUCK U MANGO
GET OUT OF CHINESE EV

NOOOOOWWWWWWW
WE HOLDING ON NIO?
Have fun with that IV Chief
Dont be stupid. BlackRock and ray dalio bought into it hugely like 3 weeks ago. Nio is tesla2.0. Hold that shit for a year or two leap the fuck out of it.
NIO JUST BOUNCED OFF 20EMA, LONG BOYS 🚀🚀🇨🇳
🥭 banning some china stocks

What do we short

https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=21
You lucky bastard
 Oh wait nvm NIO is done for today
Everybody out!
I love seeing the lines on SPY jump back up when folks buy the dip and then it drills 50 cents in 2 minutes
I've been pulling profits and only playing with 30% of each sale XD
Sorry to hear that. AMZN is pretty beat down. Jan Calls.
[removed]
u were saying
Damn, I own more than Deutsch Bank
We've got LI also creeping up from a distance
BNTX is gonna be mooning tomorrow
[deleted]
No. Get that shit stock out of here
[deleted]
What’s the near future of NIO looking like with earnings still coming in. Invest now..?
true
XPEV dec $45p, wish me luck on this IV rollercoaster
Why am I bullish on Nio ??
Until when... 🥴
I’m so pissed off man, I had 10K in August and September fucked me so hard and now I have nothing. The worst part about it is I had All my portfolio in NIO!!!! I should be at 50k now! Instead I’m -15k
God speed
May I introduce you to holding... beacuse if holding doesn't work I'm fucked.
If there is a god he will crash NIO back to 40 next week
Wait are you trying to bring nationalism into a gambling site?
[deleted]
NIO puts?
Up 50% on NIO calls I bought 1hr ago 💀
Sold my 50c nio this morning before 1030 🤡
same. im watching all these peeps make tendies and am sitting on the slidelines and watching the money float by
Alexa play no time for caution
I mean, if you are buying stocks, then you have nothing to worry about really, the beauty of stocks is you can hold out, you can wait it out. Of it crashes no big deal, it will come back (assuming the company doesn’t Enron), options however are time sensitive, and one directional which makes things difficult.
[deleted]
This thread might as well be stocktwits now. Feelsbadman
Up or down
MANGO TRYING TO FUCK US:  [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=20) needs to go asap
Lol. I sold 2 contracts at 40.50 thinking I did the same.
[removed]
IB out of NIO and XPEV shares to short
if the nio hype is real in china u in for a treat ig
Sheesh
which way you playing?
[deleted]
Oh don’t worry I’m already in
Anyone else buying $SPY calls at 3:59
They wouldn’t dare say
#EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES
[deleted]
Same gonna get back on the gravy train
SCHF is literally 420.69 as I type this
So you're saying in your time off you didn't just withdraw that money to get a mcdouble or something?
That’s was the dip fuck u
Race to 50$, NIO Vs XPEV is on....
Whatever this sub dick rides I long put
[deleted]
Link?
Steve, we already went through this. Nobody wants to see your hairy ham hock legs, and you're trailing on sexual harassment, according to HR.
just open a spread
HOLD
middle class autos more profitable
Is there any hope for ACB
You may have typed correctly, but you did not quote correctly.

F on your reading ability
So when do I buy puts
NIO PUTS
Aight. I'm ready to see WSB lose their shit. WSB is always late to the news.
Y’all still have jobs
I’ve placed it on NIO
WTF was that
Got out of all PLTR at ~break even

Watch it fucking moon tomorrow
oof. And this is why I never understand why people just all or nothing sell the whole position. It either goes, "I held to long and gave back all my gains", or "I sold too early and missed all the gains".

If you have 20 contracts, gradually sell them off as it rises.
i did
Yeah the activity on moderna is odd. 
I’m cash rn
PLTR gang fucked
Nio 11/20 40p it is then
I feel like I keep reading and watching conflicting info.

I have 100 shares of a stock. Let's say NIO.

I sell a covered call on that 100 shares at a strike price of $55. And the stock is currently at $50. 

With a covered call, I get the credit when I open the covered call. At this point, all I do is let the option expire right? Or am I supposed to close it out or something?  

What about if the stock price goes past the covered call strike? Just let it expire and hope it doesn't get exercised?
HOLD
This is proper due diligence at its finest
I miss the times when tech earnings was the biggest event.

We now bet on virus, the Chinese government, and minks
LI , 30 % in a day
I’m gonna show this to my mom. That should get her off my ass
How does TD not have trailing stop percent
Yeah when a stock people been heavy in on goes up 44% and 14% percent people gonna talk about it
[removed]
Why
Puts on NIO for earnings, fuck it
i think leading up to ER should still be good
So buy tomorrow if I hop on?
Very retarded. Go all in
Thinking the same
>EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES

Given PLA owns whole industries...not good.
Damn literally every comment is NIO. I'm just sitting here playing my SPY FDs as usual.
And xpev
Well this seems concerning
whats XPEV
I’ve watched porn of her, you should definitely be balls deep with that
I put 25% of my portfolio in lemonade (10k) because a couple of Youtubers are bullish on them and I watched a presentation made by the CEO on how their company will disrupt insurance... Hopefully it turns out to be a 10x stock.
Nio question about it.
NIO proves it’s smart to buy stocks at ATH because they will keep going up
In that case wait for dip and get something with a better exp. No harm in waiting. Gains will always be available
Yah $20 11/20
That trump admin move is going to kill NIO momentum
You know what tomorrow is?



Black friday
thats some fucking pump going on right now
Are you me?
NIO blowoff top. 11/20 $40 puts ENGAGE
Owie
Shhh the second we know is the second it dumps. Just keep enjoying the ride
I sold xpev at 38.50 this morning thinking I made good profit 🤡
Sell before. Buy puts. Then buy back in.
I never thought I would, but I do. Holy fuck, I actually do. Jesus.
So.  Expectations for LI?  I have12/18 calls - 5x30c’s - that I bought at $1.93. 

Wondering if I should expect the same result as XPEV today or if I should sell some or all to lock profit.
I SAID: who bought NIO puts so I can laugh at them
I'm man enough to admit when I can't read numbers to the 4th column.
XPEV has about half as many shares, so doable.
You hate money
What
Prolly should've waited til Monday at least. LI earnings tomorrow, if it looks anything like XPEV, might be another bump up. Then NIO itself has earnings on tuesday....which is maybe gonna cause selloffs. By all signals their ER will be phenomenal but after this kind of run up, wouldn't be surprised at profit taking even if the ER is really good.

That or it moonshots again cause fuck it. I did sell a 61$ CC which still had good premium lmao, and every time I sell a CC on NIO it seems determined to blow through it.
Diamond hands when on securing a profit...
Paper hands when on 20 % loss 
Why am I like this 🤡
@me after ER
That’s what they want you to do so they scoop that shit up on the cheap
You could just buy a straddle and no matter which way it goes you'll get a little bit
Another day where this whole thread will consist of the word Nio. 🤔🤔
Hey.    I don't like this market right now and I am a bull.   I already put in my sale order.
Bought a few days ago, kinda want to buy more now. It’s more fun to buy 1000 shares instead of 200.
Bearish because they have run up so much in the past week. No idea about the business itself.
Hold
well, this aged like fine milk...
If any of us knew we’d be sipping corona on a beach somewhere
NVAX is a good play too.  Got fasttrack approval for covid vaccine also, just no PR and sales are mostly lined up for other countries.
XPEV puts have to be right, right?
I dont invest in companies that are intrinsically evil. There are other more passively evil tickers to make money with.
I'm waiting for next dip do what you want tho
Hold
getting some serious fomo on XPEV, LI and NIO.

But the minute I buy shares/calls..im sure it will tank. So I shall stay on the sidelines.

Thank me later.
agree with you but what about the people who are doing this who can't afford to buy 100 shares straight up?
If they don’t exercise, earnings should knock stock price down
Buy? Yes buy
I get the feeling you and I have had similar puts this week lol. I cashed out today since moderna said theyre announcing in the next few days. May jump back in if the boomers didn't learn their lesson.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   57.0|2.55|2.58|2.62|1.87|173.015%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 57.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 57.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2nuxs&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
is Thiel involved in the earnings call? or just karp?
Bogdanoff, he sold. I saw him do it I swear
Reverse head and shoulders on SPY 1 hour 🚀 🚀 🌝
Same
this mean uppy or downy?
yet its still tanking
One of your posts convinced me to buy NIO calls/leaps, and my account just went to >+100% today because of it.  Keep that DD coming.
i think ur flair belongs to me
You really think it’ll keep getting crushed after earnings?
Naschad with the big dick energy all of a sudden
I’m scared for the 11 o clock sell of can I hold !!?
yes man, hype until the 16th
OH MY. New York is closing down again and trump is finalizing executive order to stop sales and purchases of securities to China
Puts on NIO holders
This is a big dick move for sure
Thoughts on NIO 57c 11/20
Do you miss when it was about Elon Musk
China's market is literally 10x that of the US and NIO is already working out deals with Europe. You went full retard.
[removed]
They may make better vehicles but do you think they will dominate the Chinese market like NIO has the potential to do?
Pay up pussy
Cause it should be LI instead
Don't forget LI
EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES

GTFO NOW!!
Me. Got 1 call after taking profits. This is my lotto ticket
Perfect time to buy and hold
Because my last 200 is in it and I dont want you to crash it. Thanks.
Do it if you dont like free money.
Who's gonna hit 50 first NIO vs XPEV place your bets
Nio moon
I wanted to buy puts yesterday but didn’t bother today they were more expensive so I didn’t. According to my luck disney will go down bcs I don’t have puts
So true. I got in right after at least
Nio puts?
if you want to make actual money 90% of your portfolio should be shares in companies that you don't mind holding and you shouldn't panic sale them because of temporary dips. Buy more every paycheck.   


keep FDs at 10% max, you'll probably break even on that 10% and will get the dopamine high of a 10 banger after you lose that much on worthless expirations.
where's the guy who threw 100k on $PLTR calls 11/13? I want to blow my load on his screenshot.
The 6month graph
Boooo...
Do not sell nio at 50. Take 5% out of puts at 60 and enjoy the bullercoaster.
I told yall ZOOM is easy $$$ ...look at this ripping!!!!
Uh cuz it's already ran up 1300%
Sell my December NIO calls and buy back in or hold the line????
Nio has my penis on absolute rock mode, shit might last over 4 hours. calls on TDOC as well
Holding NIO overnight !!????
Holy fuck you guys
Yeah for sure. Short term, I have no idea. I.e. today. I mean I hope he rapes everybody and we rally, but I have no idea.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PLTR   20.0|0.35|0.4|0.37|-0.26|192.322%


PLTR 20.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2ns9x&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
True Patriot.
NIO...why is it when I’m responsible and take profits, shit keeps mooning, but when I diamond hand I end up worthless
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s a dogshit company. But don’t tell anyone. This is how our the autists and retards are separated. Let Darwin do his thing and weed out the retards.
China taking over. All hail Winnie the Pooh
Is anyone monitoring this? 
How is this bot parsing through values like “30/35c” to “35c”? Ignoring characters?
👋👋👋 Spitting out nuthin' but the truth!
🙏🏼
NIO has retard strength. XPEV has max retard strength. LI is a padawan retard.
PLTR 11/20 $20c all in!!
Google "XPEV stock" mind BLOWN
almost as if xpev is up 43 fucking percent in one day, what else is there to talk about
[deleted]
We’re not investing, we’re trading
Yeah you’re right I got nervous.. I was gonna wait til Monday night... oh well gains r gains
It's ok. Just say it.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
XPEV TO MAKE EV LAMBOS 

\- WSJ
Before you buy some 11/13s, I suggest you read up on IV crush.
[removed]
Weekend looks grim. Feeling the urge to unload positions. MilMAGAmarch, dc occupation looks like bad news, stupid news, but very bad stupid news
Who’s holding nio into tomorrow...
Enjoying the full XPEV run with 60 shares I bought 2 days ago because someone here told me to.
I got a NIO call im trying to sell but I have no more day trades.....
Fuck RH . NIO better not fucken plummet tomorrow or Im going to quake.
thinking amzn itm calls 1dte before close
I'm going all in on NIO. I will singlehandedly crash this bitch
Why did yaw get my post deleted for nothing here’s some more gains for you haters
NIO, please buy BABA! It ded and will be cheap!
LMAO
I've cashed out on most my shit today while thinking about what plays I want to do before the moderna announcement, but I'm really tempted to buy puts on these guys for earnings. Can't underestimate retard strength though
Getting Eiffel Towered by Nio and Xpev. And starting to like it.
The 30min chart from today is scary. But if those manipulating it hold, you’re good. Otherwise...🤔
True, write this down kids. Sell day before earrings
nkla is a fake company and nio is making 30,000 cars or whatever
The vix we have at nearly an all time high(pre huge vaccine spike)is crazy to me
Someone tell me why I shouldn't FOMO into NIO?
ceo fkd it over
why would you spend that much money on calls that would expire before any type of short squeeze
Congrats and Fuck you! 😅
I just got a couple December puts.  I think even if earnings are okay it will drop, as others have. The market is looking squirrely.  But I think it's a good long term hold.  But what do I know.  (Spoiler:  Not shit)
your mother the next luckin coffee
EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES

—> goodbye Chinese stocks :)
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326961280478048256?s=20)

> EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS FINALIZING EXECUTIVE ORDER TO BAN U.S. PURCHASES OR SALES OF SECURITIES IN CHINESE FIRMS WITH LINKS TO CHINA'S MILITARY-SOURCES
Nio just bought me Sony....

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

the whole company
go spy go
We don't need to do this. Console cycle will push this up even without second purchases.

[**https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtHbFiVtD\_Y**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtHbFiVtD_Y)
Holy shit. What is this stock
This doesn't make sense; how could they know 90% efficacy if they didn't even know if trial participants were exposed to the virus or not
Can't wait for the Nio chant tonight lmao.. where the hell did that come from last night?
Dang dude, congrats. Although to hit 100x I would think you would need to be yolo’ing.
Lol yeah!!
no. get in Disney
the fact that pltr is down rn before earnings makes me think it'll moon
FOMO of the day:

XPEV
NIO

:(
Nice
347.50. Get me to 349 and I'm good.
Nearly everyone I know pulled the fuck out before election and are now stricken with a lethal case of blue balls. Their fingers are on the buy button. Don't bet against the FOMO crowd
I'm already planning on holding some of these puts. I had pretty good timing today, so they were pretty cheap anyway.
Always has been 🙃🔫
What was I thinking not going hard on Tiger
Good times
Holy shit this sub has gone to hell. 80% of posts are spam about NIO and XPEV. I miss when it was all spam about large cap US tech.
*Mickey unzips pants*
I wanna see some of those XPEV weeklies tendies gain porns.
JUST a thought.... All of XPEV gains are about to Roll into NIO for UPCOMING ER.... NIO $250+
Already graduated
I am at $17c 11/20. I think you’re good. Pray for me though.
Nah, I had calls, sold today, bought puts to hold thru earnings, then buying calls again after IV drops and those puts print me money. First puts I've genuinely bought, I'm normally a call boi. I did it because the market is fucking backwards after ER, so I'm bullish on PLTR so I bought puts lmao
Can you NIO guys move over to BABA now please, a company that makes more than NIO in one day but is being hated on
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   50.0|1.51|1.52|1.52|1.4|128.923%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 50.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 50.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 9 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2nng1&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
NIO right now is not about fundamentals... It's about momentum. Shut up and make tendies.
NIO and XPEV are just out of this world today...
NIO TO THE MOOOON
Lmao sounds like you’ve done 0 research on this stock tbh and are judging it based on how you feel. 

I’ve been buying since $6 and have read people saying exactly that at $20,$25,$30
Enjoy!
XPEV is actually gonna beat nio to 50...
Nio to buy Elon Tusk
4 $3100/3095 11/20 put credit spreads. Credit of about $1k. I was at 30% yesterday, hanging around 9% now.
Position too small.. 2.5k for options, 10k for shares
Spy doing a v recovery?
Eh, I'll rolled them into later dated calls.  I'm still doing okay. :)
A lot more meat
420% percent of NIO gains are due to WSB madness
Eod puts or now on 🇨🇳🚗
3,200 mentions in the last 24 hours on the [SwaggyStocks counter](https://www.swaggystocks.com/dashboard/wallstreetbets/ticker-sentiment/NIO)
I told y'all to buy NIO $50C 11/13 when it had resistance at $47
NIO the next NKLA
No
Always
Pltr calls for tomorrow?
yea I think so too...just a matter of how long it will take to actually make that jump. This earnings should see a spike I think, given low expectations....I could see some weird sell off as well if I'm not seeing something...we'll see
TSLA.
[deleted]
I just dumped it
Institutional Owners	69


Nice
XPEV now has a higher market cap than Ford and its almost as big as Ferrari NV
that depends on a lot of things
I’m holding my shit nio is great
Metaphysics and stuff
You can sell to close 0DTE options you just can't open new 0DTE positions.
NIO just bought me a PS5
[deleted]
Never buy so close to expiration you tard. Also your only down 50 bucks.im down 1k right now but my expiration is  2/19 20c
150k baby!
Knowing nothing about Nio, not wanting to do any Gynes stock, listening to chatter here, looking at chart, sed late or not, wtf & got 48c nov 13.... & that’s tomorrow...  

So now that is up 900% ... 

I’m not gonna say god bless the Guyknees, not gonna do it, I won’t do it
XPEV too
positions or ban
Don’t forget poor TTM (Land Rover/jaguar)
I sold LI at 11:30 for a $19 gain somebody kill me
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
LI   35.0|3.7|3.8|3.78|3.49|229.298%

**Unusual option activity detected on the LI 35.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

LI 35.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2nlmn&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I don't think the NIO $50 wall will be broken in one go
PLTR 11/20 12p are printing
So tech down AND non-covid down .. hmm, calling bullshit on this dump
alright sold.. bought a few ~~XPEV~~ LI 35c for fun at $1, dumped for $3 to $3.75

watch it goes ITM tomorrow.

edit: getting my retarded Chinese EV ADRs mixed up
Wow what a roller coaster of a ride today. Thank you for the work Drill Team 6. They deserve their break today
Hope. We hope there is "organic" growth and it rockets into the atmosphere into Valhalla.
Made a quick buck on puts today and switched to calls been lighting money on fire from puts too long
Haha I thought about it after seeing the hype but it was up 50% in a week going into ER it had all the warning signs
Fuck SPY
XPEV at almost 50% omfg
Idk about you guys but I ain’t taking no emergency vaccine until I see what it does to the first round of test subjects.

I am pro vaccine but only if it has research to back it up.
What's the total loss?
I got about 6k in qqq 300c 11/20, down about 25%
I won't go up tomorrow. It's already down by 8% and it might likely stay at the same price.
That and $LI 30/35c 11/20
When I buy a Tesla I’m gonna put XPEV on the license plate.
Agree. Down another 20%
Listen you sick fuck you want into nio you pay for the NIO you drop your tendies into calls like the rest of us
haha did he really say that shit
Sold 900+ at $4 and change + tons of $3 options 1/2021.

Easy 6 figures gain if I kept it till today.  
Not disappointed.   
Another day, another trade.
Anybody else scared to hold the EVs overnight
Nope, I bought in on the rise of NIO a week ago and I'm up 120% and bought in on Xpeng today and still up 70% on that. Your money is statistically more likely to do well when investing in companies hitting new 52 ATHs than those that don't
I'm going to name my first child Xpeng
DIX out for Harambe
Hold diamond hands 🙌
XPEV IS THE NEW MASTER MEME HERE
strong hands PLTR gang

we will be worse than tanker gang, watch

only difference is our investments will eventually pay off
Guess who sold XPEV this morning to buy PLTR
Buy advertising on it targeting his retard followers.
[deleted]
do we hold thru earnings on NIO? at this point my 43/45c spread seems like it would print even on meh earnings
NIO isn’t done, those pullbacks are just them humping their dick further is the 🌈 🐻 ass
Will Amazon and apple tesr ATH again by EOY
[deleted]
300m vaccines bought from pfizer from europe,...proceeds to tank 3% plus................
I just picked up some Li puts. It’s riding the EV train when it shouldn’t be, it’s not EV it’s hybrids.
Hold bro yolo fuck it ain’t fucking selling. Or you could be safe and cash. Depends on what your end goal is.
Depends on who you listened to but yeah generally never listen to us. Also it’s one contract stop being a bitch.
Ha! NIO 30min chart. Not manipulated.🙄LMAO. Watch yourself, stay vigilant.
NIO 👍
BREAKING NEWS: WSB OWNS 69% OF NIO
[deleted]
F to people who bought XPEV puts
XPEV. Never change.
[deleted]
Still soooo much buying pressure
Fuck HK!
Watching Xpev chase Nio is way better than watching nascar,
now this is podracing!
Well it’s been 20mins lol, I’m up over 100%, just wanted to say sorry I couldn’t convince you earlier
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/kareeezy don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The one Chinese company that has proved themselves globally is the one who’s stock is falling.. but people who are anti China have no issues with NIO going through the roof right now, classic
hmmmm 364 billion market cap versus 64 billion market cap I wonder why
If you’re losing money today, this game isn’t for you
[deleted]
xpev seems more autistic than me sheesh
Yessir
[deleted]
I am appropriately risk-sized. so yes they may know something but I wont blow up. Just remember the pattern for next time. Also just buy XPEV
That’s the kind of losses you may never recover from. RIP
hey, you forgot to add that it is organic growth which is totally reasonable. 🤓
Don’t dance too early
I don't understand the first paragraph. "The Dec 18, 2020 $14 Put had some of the highest implied volatility of all equity options today"? I just checked on RH - how is IV of 150.04% notable?

Any FD on any company will have IV of 200%-400%. If they mean specifically GME options, then GME FDs are at 600%. What is so notable about that specific strike and date?
lmao people believe hes gonna create a insurrection 

&#x200B;

guess people dont know about checks and balances...
NIO Gang and XPEV gang together in unity
nio is a monster wtf
lol XPEV/NIO/LI
Sounds like NIO!
god damn, blackrock lol
Xpev what the fuck
The quality of content on this sub has gotten notably worse each month. I want to read actual autistic commentary not 17 year olds saying they are ruined by a 99% loss of their allowance money and trash memes. What do I do?
[deleted]
I am and I am also hating Nio. I’m gonna be shocked it if it moves past 55 after ER.
So in the past 3 months we just had a Honda, a GM, and a Ford just pop up out of nowhere, in an industry that most people are expecting to decline in the future.

Makes total sense.
Playing out how i thought, lately these earnings run ups end a day early, then we tank after earnings and resume 🚀🚀 mission shortly after

Im reloading my calls tm, sold yest
If you believe in the stock, hold.
ban
[deleted]
Absolutely. It’s a big data company headed by one of the most hated people in tech and the company scares the shit out of people. Sorta like Boston Dynamics.

The fear alone surrounding the company is enough for me to hold these diamond hands.
I don’t know til maybe hits 18? his expiration isn’t until february 2021 so he’s not getting theta fucked yet
INTC is in 44s lmao
Proof or ban
same
Read what people are saying on WSB - and do the opposite
Holy fucking shit XPEV

I've never been so moist
Holding shares... not the same obviously but I’m nervous about the next few weeks.. u may want to roll into longer exp date or just say fuck it
Nio?
Stocks only go up
*should have gone
Never to late for NIO!
60
dude it wouldve been so much smarter to put 90k into shares with a trailing stop loss of $.50
Which stock are we pumping tonight boys ?
These vaccine pumps are the new Stimulus talks. I swear Algos are the worst thing to happen
i suggest listening to hans zimmer when you trade

it feels like it is a life or death situation

fucking amazing
I have a feeling nio is gonna drill after earnings
NIO 50 by 2:30 EST lmao
[deleted]
Thinking if I should sell my NIO calls. My dick is hard enough for the day
[removed]
RIP
[deleted]
Xpev is too scary at this point
How much money did you make ?
If they wanna scam me by quadrupling my money in a few months then sign me the fuck up every time.

People keep seeing a -5% correction on NIO after like a week of +10% every day like "LOL told you NIO bulls r fukt"
Let’s see if 350 is actually the new floor now, if now 330 here we come
That’s tough. Expect it to go down but there’s no reason for it to go down below 44
11/13 358c here?
Lol. Did wsb meme nio or what tf is this magic ?
Damn nio FDs printing
Time for tech take off, see you on the rich ppl side
THE BEARS ARE BACK IN TOWN THE BEARS ARE BACK IN TOWN 🐻
NIO 50 VERY SOON GUYS
04 Dec $13
Should i stop selling on red days? I am doing well with nio because i doubled down but i had like $2k in xpev but sold on a red day because of red. How do i fix this idea or become better at realizing a pull back versus an actual drop?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
AMD   85.0|3.7|4.7|0.0|0.0|45.416%


AMD 85.0C 2020-12-31 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2ndb7&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Is Ford going to sell a lot of EVs in Asia?  Or even in the US for that matter?
Nah, they are going to announce a stock split before opening tomorrow.  🤣
XPEV might beat nio to 50
thoughts on boeing puts?
I feel like this dump will last into friday and pump bigly on monday.
Watching it fuck me over
[deleted]
IL finna be stay at home
smart man
[deleted]
This guy fucks
[deleted]
I belong here
I bet DIS Mulan sales will be very underwhelming
Buying NIO puts if it hits 49.75
50 is only 8 times of 410.
In for a few $25C-1/15/21
what calls
Thats what I was thinking aswell
That’s why I didn’t get in, China. Bit of regret on that. Now I’m just waiting to buy puts.
They’re gonna eat shit
Up 111% on this LI call I bought literally an hour ago . This is truly insane
[deleted]
Dear god and LI and NIO still has to report earnings? 😅😂🤣
Yeah, I got two shares of Li and a Share of XPEV four days ago so I'm up today but also bought into SNE for three calls .70¢ each and sold them for a loss at .43¢. Started with a smallstreetbets $320 and now at $306 made the wrong pick for which company to buy calls on and which to use the rest for stocks on. 🤣
Dude come on. Is anyone losing money at this point? https://i.imgur.com/2E32658.jpg
Lol. I sold yest, gonna get iv crushed tm and prolly tank then we resume 🚀🚀🚀 mission
They know how to sell after a run up then re-up for the earnings blast off
Too late for any ev, stay out. I warned you
HOLD
the big boys are loading https://fintel.io/so/us/pltr
weak hands are selling
pltr will print
I sold mine at $47 and honestly, I'm okay. I've been burned too many times before by holding it. I made a profit and that's all that matters to me.
$51 eod
The past two Thursdays have been really fun
I recommend you read the Serpant and the Hawk. I can send it over to you if you cannot find it
Gonna buy SPY puts with my NIO tendies
XPEV..MEME status???
NIO 45c were .80 yesterday sold at 2.3 now at 4.8 fuuuuuuu
[deleted]
Both
Tuna as in tuna melt?  As in melt up?  Definitely.
very true, im in now
Oh so sell my NIO calls and buy GM hahaha
i just bought more, even if it dips, just hold onto it, no way this is going sub 35 ever again
It's official: NIO will actually close above $50 TODAY. Insanity
y?
Too late
wait for er
There’s not gonna be a sell off hehe
Ok NIO PR you can stop now
Sector rotation into x
Thanks NIO shares.  That’s right.
A lot of Community Colleges with trade schools have intern deals with local manufacturers. The companies use the schools as a filter. A math degree would put you miles ahead in the program, but since the PLC systems are proprietary, there's really no way to get your hands on them outside of a factory or classroom. 

See what programs are available locally. I'm sure you could find a good one nearby. When you're looking, ask what percentage of graduates go straight into employment in their field of study. That will tell you which program is best.
Holding PLTR through earnings. Let’s see what happens
LOL mad cuz us autists are making $$$$ while ur wife is getting fucked by her boyfriend
Wut
Im sitting on 500 shares
Only this one tbh, never shilled so hard before
They were cheap yesterday and xpev's earnings pushed it today, no catalyst tomorrow and 50 should be natural resistance, but you do you
sell or hold NIO 49C expiring next week? doubled my gains already
Well...shit. Im not an autist im just plain retarded. I purchased 70 strike calls for jan.🤣🤣
vix had a cup and handle pattern which is a bullish sign
Real shit if I ever have 30k to throw around in shares I’ll never touch options again
Breaking: PLTR planning an EV!
If i get scared by a lil drop like this, these calls will never print

HOLD THE LINE BULLS
$ROPE. It's the only thing that makes sense
278. I’m not actually selling lol, I’m just mad I literally can’t sell it in order to buy the incoming dip in other tech that will appear next week.
Ta on the 4 hour nio chart doesn’t look that retarded. Maybe it’ll dump at 50 but maybe it won’t.
i have a $3 call i am holding until $70/share or expiry
Does anyone even remember the February SPCE memery here?
Damn that was fast. RIP lil homie.
NIO or LI imo, im in both. XPEV is a bout to hit fkn 50% today
Yall think I should sell before or after NIO releases their earnings? Can't tell if their going to exceed expectations
Sold PLTR at 9.92 and XPEV at 27.  AMA
Swings more beautiful than seeking arrangements 🙊
Cashed out my Nio leaps. Buying back at a selloff
Honestly listening to Neon Knights by Black Sabbath while watching Nio moon is better than porn, here we go Nio Knights!!!
China the type of government to let it go bankrupt as a fuck you to Jack Ma.
Just buy stocks
That was yesterday my friend. It dipped to 38.
Im in all 3.
wasnt here for the Tesla run... anyone know when NIO might run out of steam? this shit is insane
COPE!
[deleted]
Who's holding dkng calls? Have $6k in 11/20 $44c and thinking about dumping them for a 30% loss :/ didnt run up this week as I hoped and feeling uneasy about them...
HOLD
I dont trust chinese people
Sold out of NIO way too early (lol $8 for them sick 30% gains) to buy into PSTH heavy. I'm still heavy in that PSTH but I missed out on all the fun(ds).
I’m buying puts the moment it hits $50
My god XPEV
He’s the next Jim Bakker
Too late, stay out
do you think it can hit 20?
It’s ok NIO bears. You can join in tomorrow when it’s over 52.
Wat? This is more than 10k in long calls.
FOXA puts. See my other comment.
I had 10 30c calls and sold it at 36.5. Missed out on 10k+ but not regretting since I have NIO calls
Ditch this guy's wife and marry my mom!
Someone made a post about 2 weeks ago of their NIO leap, I think the strike was $15 and they still had like 11 months left on it and was already worth $100,000. 

Dude is probably a multimillionaire already lul.
Big if true
tsla
Jesus Christ I should have went all in
Once today’s hospitalization numbers drop I think we plunge further
XPEV gonna pass NIO before close at this rate
Going tsla
NIO puts???
You bought an option and felt is was worth shitting out to 1.6 million people?  Dude, buy a fern or something to fill the void.
I'm new to this subreddit why are people wanting me ban...
What’s your average share price
User name checks out.
I think even if LI disappoints tomorrow NIO can continue to runup through Tuesday.
[deleted]
request denied
Retards always make things complicated...just buy and hold NIO and you will be alright!
Fuck your mother.  230, no way it goes there.
Fuck you Walmart, you dirty piece of trash company, fuck you!
Said the 1,000th person ever. As someone who just touched it today, I think it’s retarded enough to bubble until ER. Then probably shit itself
Gotta be blind not to see it
prpl slv
NIO 50 EOD, 60 EOW, 100 EOY
NIO casually passing by 49 lol
not yet
They've been saying that for a month
okay retards NIO XPEV OR LI
Oh okay
[deleted]
rkt
Because he can't predict the future? The damn stock was up 50% lol
*INO
just about
So will 🌈🐻 puss out overnight for the fifty billionth time, or does the pressure actually continue this time?
USDA grade A fds
ur wild
Go on...
PLTR gang: are we holding through earnings? Today has not been pretty...I fear someone knows something
If dont get in on fskr now u will regret it. 12/17/21 20c x2
How long did the salesman let you sit in it before kicking you out?
It’s still ripping lmao, this is the next NIO I’m thinking, acting the same way as when NIO got the increase price target
I’m wondering how many ways youll apply this gayness to your next 401k yolo
BABA to $20 by eom. Puts
How do i profit of this scam news site that trump is pumping?
Not for long, I mean, short.
The Monday pump/dump SPY, then the NIO dump/pump.  Rode both ways, but took profits and didn't YOLO.  If I hit 100x by tomorrow I'll post trades.
I don't wanna look at it anymore😭😭
I have serious FOMO and I'm just curious.
Hey hey you know I could take my profits... or just wait until it’s $100 per share 🥴
Ur gonna get iv crushed
[deleted]
Zm wants to moon so badly
factual
Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!
Correct. The idea is moving delta and theta closer to 0
you mean calls, correct?
I’m a retard so I love it
I have no option but to diamond hands these calls I bought
This dump is weak. Spy 355 by EOD, 360 by EOW.

In fact no reason to dump other than Trump tweet which is meaningless.
sector rotation into NIO
Nio gang - what other annoying gangs were you all part of in the past?
Holy shit Asana takes the cake for shittiest IPO of the year
That’s a literal Put on my occupation, you dick..
How ? 😂
Can’t go tits up
TSLA is NIOs creepy uncle
XiJingPingDingLing is balls deep in NIO
Anybody buying and gambling on PLTR pumping before close?
We all know spy gonna hit 320 again. Why y’all fighting it lol. Let it drop
Nio straight up dwarfing Tesla
you’re crazy, but i’m holding the same position—so we’re both retarded 

and maybe that’s why we’ll make money
Palantir almost ruining my XPEV gains
Puts on NIO, you retards will kill it
INTC chart looks like NIO upside down
FSR calls bought let’s see if it runs up like NIO and XPeV
FOMO
It’s rotating into call holders assholes rn
ah jeez
I bought 30k worth of shares of XPEV last week. Now it’s worth 45k. Very nice
FSR crushing today too!, saving my PLTR calls
Time to exit NIO
Bought a call on spy and instantly sank 1% the story of my life
Up vote for grade A title
Position too small.. 2.5k for options, 10k for shares
Does anyone watch Stock Moe on YouTube??? THAT MOTHER F***** WAS RIGHT ABOUT XPEV TOO
i am dead inside
F
Already did.  Not scared
NIO 80 EOM is pretty fucking obvious
finally, buy before it moons like nio
Sometimes I wish I was retarded as the rest of wsb and YOLO my entire account on NIO FDs
Do it!! I'll watch from earth with my nio stonks
At th is pr?
NIO 2500 next week
Loose vs lose drives me so wild
would you mongoloids stop buying BABA? theres way better ecommerce companies. Shit is not oversold obviously
Yes
Well there is a large short squeeze friday for NIO and then earnings tuesday so we'll see
Mine was $1,500
I swear to god you hate money if you don’t believe in NIO.
Why not?
I bought them at .36 and thought they were cheap but you do you. Everyone expects a pullback at open tomorrow and a push till earnings on Tuesday
Yes
Jesus I haven’t seen a run like NIO in a long ass time. It’s like MMs were like “fuck it let’s make everyone some money, we’ve been pretty hard on them the last few months”
Enjoy that IV crush King
Are you stupid?
Yes.
Holding some $NIO JAN21 60C, wish I had more, but Etrade is fucking retarded with their deposit holds. 5 days to move cash from my savings account into Etrade. I was fucking livid watching it shit the bed yesterday knowing my money was still two days out.
Just bought a li auto call. Earnings better keep this rally going
Guess who keeps buying the dip on BABA 🤡
As far as I know, no proof required
Have u been under a rock?
SPY why?
In tells opinion , does NIO tank tonight AH.. this is absurd
so mercado murking my leap?
*....puts more money into NIO for actual tendies..*
Your gonna get wrecked buying calls imo
This is my first week. How the fuck do ya'll do this day in and day out 💦
NIO 52 EOW I can guarantee it
 No.
Bought a 357c for $20 last Friday and sold at open Monday.
No
Can't wait to NIO to dump biggly so I can load again.
If you're invested in NIO or XPEV you're a sucker getting scammed by Chinese hustlers.
1570 on wsbsynth counter
[deleted]
NIO has so much retard energy
Dude it's at $49. Tough break.
It is lol. They making like $50 per every $1 it goes up. Penny stock
Should I take stock advice from a guy named "Tuna"?
Fun fact if I had 60 more days on my GE options instead of September expiry I would have 300k, instead I lost 30k, hope GE rewards you in my memory, rip myself
Yea buy puts with this crazy IV lol
1dte.  It's okay im up 11% already
Shares or calls
thats exactly how my account looked like lol
Ooo harder daddy China 🇨🇳
😂
Just look at its squiggly line, it speaks for itself
Tesla is down but NIO and XPeng are up WTF?!
Because people are afraid of earnings, which is pretty normal, nobody knows what happens on earnings. 

This is a long term play. I personally am sorta bullish short term as well due to COVID and Peter Thiels enormous penis. If you are planning on holding for a while, then you can’t go wrong. 

And I also suggest you look into the companies themselves instead of just believe everything you hear here, most of us, myself included, are extremely autistic, with severe disabilities and gambling addictions.
I got nov 20th call. Just in case. Lol
Hey man i was down 50% now after all the stress i am even
[deleted]
Not if your expiration is long. China is 100% EV on the road by 2030. Thats less than 10 years. They have the largest vehicle market on earth. NIO is backed by tencent and the CCP. Just go long and double that money on this one.
Position too small.. 2.5k for options, 10k for shares
[deleted]
Yeah, I’m gonna need NIO to go up another 5%
I like the fleeting moments of hope on that chart. Key word, 'fleeting'.
Spce has once reached 250%iv back when it was pumped to 40, 90% is still low.
Wait for 230
Yes all in on NIO
what's your play with AMZN?
If one more person says “sector rotation into x”, Im going to rotate my cock and balls into your mouth.
[removed]
“Organic growth”
[deleted]
We had a little blip there but the NIO moon mission has resumed.  

I'm calling $52 EOD.
U see. JPow’s actually name is Jerome Powell. Gandalf’s actually name is Gandalf. One is a true wizard. One is not. 🎪🎭
Sold NIO at $49

Did I do it? Did I sell at the fabled top? Or will I be full of FOMO next week?
To go bankruptcy?
I bought some the first day of trading. I was gonna buy more but I forget why I didn’t. Anyway I think it can still go up a lot since it’s only half the market cap of NIO.
IT IS NEVER THE TIME FOR BABA CALLS THEY WILL BE BROKEN UP BC ANTITRUST
Why is XPEV earnings report unaudited? Is that normal for Chinese companies or does it point to potential fishiness? 4xrevenue is pretty insane...
and when will that be
What’s yesterday got to do with today’s sell off gains
earnings dump
That was NIO Top. Puts NOW!!!
that's what I did at least, so yes
God I hope it keeps dumping yolod puts for earnings.  11 P 11/20
Nah a fair amount of us are pretty far out with our positions. 5% drop just happened and we’re all still printing like fuck today
No,  we use Robinhood cause we are retarded
When to pull the trigger and buy NIO puts?
Even though the price of a share of NIO and XPEV are about the same now NIO still has a market cap roughly 3 times that of XPEV
K I’m buying nio puts this is retarded.
Meme $MOON. NIO is part of it https://markets.businessinsider.com/amp/news/direxion-launches-moonshot-etf-1029796665
Lmfao you’re dreaming
Pics?
That’ would be juuuuuust great
[deleted]
Neigh
Smart money getting ready to crash it. DKNG style
Why is losing $20 in your pocket way worse then losing 1k in robinhood
A character from the Matrix movies.
QQQ calls should work but i feel like it will go down for no reason
A true goat!
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jt0eby&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jt0eby&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jt0eby)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^52 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
It's almost at 49!!!
I sold mine at 36.5 lol
[deleted]
The deed is done I bought calls by the dip
Why does everyone's balls tighten up over NIO? Is it a poor man's version of TSLA?
Never seen one of their cars, never buying it
lol.. Currently looking for a new job somewhere that supports full-time WFH.  This year has made me realize that the 2 hour traffic commute isn't worth it.
It’s cause some wizard bought a $12 put today and it’s hitting
Meme $MOON just came out today
Nio just needs to buy out ford.
NIO is teasing all the bears
pltr
[deleted]
Holding shares and buying cheap 11/13 puts.
If you really “bought” that much of a depreciating asset you really do belong here.
[deleted]
I legit want to vomit rn. I sold for 80% loss on Monday because robinhood wouldn’t let me cancel the fucking sell order
Time for BABA
I really wanna parse this entire thread and see how many mentions of “NIO” there were.
Xpeng just made me a another AP
tA iSnt ReAl Bro
thank you for your service
Sell options
Already way ahead of you autists. I set up a paper trading account on investopedia and I’m down 93% already.
I hope so and it comes back to reality at the 30 level
NIO 60 eow
[deleted]
700 at a cost basis of $32.53. I got in super late sadly
Will see 53+ tomorrow
under 264.50 support could probably see 250 in the short term
What is Nio? Good stock?
If y’all would stop blue balling us all by selling Nio before 50 that would be great.
PLTR puts yay or nay
Its OK>
Cant believe XPEV is gonna catch up with NIO SP holy shit
Glad it’s not just me
[removed]
IM CASH GANG, should i buy some XPEV? i dont wanna put all my eggs into the chinese EV basket...
I don’t get why everyone is so excited about vaccines, don’t they know Covid is better than getting autism?
Fucking yikes imagine if you bought this morning instead of selling? 5000% returns
To be fair it was a really healthy climb for NIO today, so hitting 50+ today or tomorrow is really likely
I’m all in on GE. Believe !!
Volatility.  

People are flooding into puts at this level.
WePLTR with the plummet
Do you normally take call positions on FSR and stuff that has such low volume?
Sold my PLTR and NIO calls at open. I’ll still consider it a win because PLTR didn’t fuck my ass today
Holy fkn mother of god these chinese EV stocks, what a bunch of memes !!! LETS FKN GO NIO to 50$ EOD 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
F
This isn’t the rug pull cause big money got out already, this is just retail hot potato... I think we go down a little further before big buy orders come in. Targeting 350-351 to sell me puts and buy calls.
I wish I had waited to buy spy at support I tried to front run support and got burned badly
So many trapped
Looks like pltr call holders gonna find out how 🌈🐻 peter thiel is
Give me a legitimate defense of this bullshit statement and I'll give you every share of NIO I own.
Ford F-150 EV? Ford Market Cap 4x FAANG?
barely losing money because IV keeps launching up with the stock
Shares
BABA calls now?
i’d say you’ve got until earnings next week before there’s a correction, but what do i know
Lmao
I've been collecting cheap BABA while retards jumping on random EVs
😂
tsk
Been like that since 9am bro
I did 🤡
Bought PLTR today gonna post some earnings gains for you bears
That sounds good for my 56cs bought at 6 cents but I don't believe you yet.
My plan was to buy puts this afternoon in anticipation for this huge sell off... it just came early.  

I bet it trades sideways or goes down a little more until tomorrow tbh... good time to go long!
Nio blow off top?
Even. I think itll get down to 47 by eod
LI too
They won't get wiped out until the 3rd day when everyone "bought the dip" and gets a free order of $ROPE
We haven’t touched 50 yet there’s still time to become a believer
Same
Start building a position it could dip some more that would be ideal
was it really a meme then fuckboy? or maybe you are a smoothie and thought it was... 80 EOY
lol nio, sold it monday at 44 for a nice profit and planned to come back in later, really should have bought the dip on tuesday lmao. Might buy if there is some pullback, not jumping on now lol.
[deleted]
 I’m fomo ing into nio now. 90k deep into 50c leaps
Already up 20% on my ZM 11/13 $250 that I bought a few minutes ago. Biggest momentum play of the day IMO
I have £20k I’m thinking of putting into Nio stocks right now is this a bad idea?
85 bagger on what??
What makes you think it’ll dip to 40? Lol
$345 strike?
If SPY dips below it's current support I'm thinking to stay out but if it stays to buy calls. I'm thinking probably qqq calls as well
Dude just do it now
Bear flag
Fuck it, might buy even more NIO
People asked this last month and look
Sold my XPEV 11/20s at 41 AMA
I'm not really qualified to give that type of advice.
Ok shit. 50?  We’re going to 52 EOD. This could hit 55 tomorrow.
Duh what did you think averaging down meant
I doubled my position just a few minutes ago and I broke even. Don’t even know if I want to hold through earnings
Because the mods keep deleting xpev posts (probably cause they own NIO). MODS THIS SHITS THE NEXT $NIO AND YOU KNOW IT
Sold all my shares, holding out for good earnings report from NIO on the 17th.

Got some small street bets in LIi auto and Fisker too.

Wish me luck, boys and girls!
I’ve seen your exact comment for weeks now and it hasn’t dropped.
I tried selling my ITM Nio leaps to cash out and rebuy the dip. Nobody bought. Was like FUUUUU , expecting a sell off.

Accidentally TP hands paid off
Nio
Zm should not be this low
Everyone sleeping on XPEV whiles its mooning twice as fast
NIO you crazy son of a bitch
55c 1/15 - I also have no idea what I'm doing.
Second wave bitches🧐
NIO taking a little breather before it makes a beeline to 50
WTF happened? I knew rug pull those a holes who the a holes are no clue but fuck em
I'm telling you right now. $FOXA puts, I have 12/17 $25p. Trump is doing everything he can to destroy that network. When it's confirmed he is starting his own network and will poach talent (as is rumored) its dropping like a rock.
Tomorrow
Wtf I don't even know what to do with 200% IV
353 new top
Why are my NIO 11/27 puts going up while NIO is mooning??
Welcome to your first pump and dump NIObies
same im praying it goes up
VIX took an extra flintstones vitamin this morning
Why tho
Ban
I really feel like nio puts are gonna be 100 baggers
Time for puts.  WSB gang all in on NIO.  Reminds me of MU.
Almost a 20 bagger .. yikes
Stop selling BABA.  Fuck.  China is not going to kill the goose that lays golden eggs.
[deleted]
Bless you
Do you watch Cramer everyday?
Sounds like a shitty system. And Europe’s economy was wrecked and they still have extremely high covid cases.
IF XPEV DOING THIS IMAGINE NIO ON THE 18TH
Bro they fuckin dont!
Don’t speak that evil into existence
Well now what?! Down $350 thanks to you (RXT $17.5 12/18 Expiry).

Sell or hold?
I wish ICNL options weren’t so weird. Millions of trade volume but the options just never seem to move right
I've got leaps on GM.  If people are stupid enough to value these chinese EV companies beyond tesla (which is already at stupid valuations) then what GM is doing with EVs should justify to them a similar valuation.   Its just of matter of time until the retarded bulls set their sights on gm
cuck
VIX be like: IM RELOADING
a company that is expensive at this valuation
Half and half
Whats the play here? Stocks or leaps?
Me when NIO goes down 20 cents. OH CRAP ITS PLUNGING.
Hey Pal, did you just blow in from stupid town?
Buy the NIO dip
If nio dips to 40, I’m putting 17k in it
There’s a PS5!
That someone was me. Holding though til that 10 bagger
What date?
But 0dte puts.  Shit will be back to $45 tomorrow after all the FOMO today.
Please do. I won’t be able to afford Christmas
Fuck it.
bought some as a joke this morning and now they’re printing
Holy shit i just realized you can scale into positions instead of going all in on every play
Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. My last put I bought was in March. These are my puts:

NIO 40p 11/20
I’m just trying to see when people buy these options.
we did calls on corn, hell yea well do calls on $FISH
China doesn’t have a Covid problem
I was so close to shorting NIO yesterday... thank god I didn't
I’m just waiting for the glorious day when NIO FD bulls get wiped out... this sub will be purged
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/GonnaBeTheBestMe the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
jesus why didnt i fomo into china ev rofl
NIO is a first ballot hall of famer.  The Jesus to Teslas God.
There are some stocks that are too strong for the WSB curse
PLTR fanboys are awfully quiet today
352 test part 4 incoming
[removed]
I shouldn’t have sold my shares at 15 and at 25 and at 32 🧍
I just bought $10k more $20 GME calls for December, call me crazy
I'll take credit for causing the NIO spike, sold my $50 11/13 calls this morning for 0.2 (now worth 1.3)
Im afraid NIO will dump soon, hold or nah? xD
what is the next nio? i need a recovery play after this week, literally lost 40k
Trump coup!!
I got lucky and sold my 11/13 14.5 calls at open
Looks like I bought calls for the wrong Chinese company today 😔
NIO bubble bout to poppy
Oh sorry, [Here](https://kapwi.ng/c/zGQrKgFh)you go
I’m holding you can take profits if you want but I don’t expect a dip tomorrow, this will run up to earnings I believe and if you enough balls, hold through earnings but I probably won’t
Moderna might release news early and be like SIKEEE
In case what
I’m up $640 on the day in NIO calls. This is criminal
That's what I like to hear. If you let scared money influence your decisions, you'll sit on the sidelines forever and the tendies you deserve will never be realized.
Imagine if you bought at 0.02 instead. 40 bagger.
Might just buy NIO so it can finally crash
[deleted]
[removed]
Acb will never do shit in America 🇺🇸 you want msos cgc or cronos, for the love of god acb is shit don’t do that to yourself
Ferrari owners don't drink walmart branded water
Buying puts
More JWS just for grins...  SPAC to be run and pumped at some point...  looks like it’s starting to wake up.  I don’t have any inside info
NIO gonna dump soon
Um, what makes you think I know what a market cap is? Jeez.
If you didn’t buy that dip... 🤦‍♂️
Abso-tootly.  Which obviously means it’s going to keep going higher.
In a conundrum here.. .SPY is prob gonna stay between 350-360 for awhile so thetagang seems to be the play, however I'm not gay so I don't know what to do
Shhhh don’t tell them
I need to stop selling covered calls on this shit....sold a 53C 11/20 thinking I'm pretty safe but nope.
never too late
you took profit. don't FOMO
Imagine. Faceripper tomorrow
this is what people said during the TSLA run up. It drops when people like *you* capitulate and buy in.
The only thing I regret not listening to Jim Cramer on was PLUG at $14.
Though I would be raped if I had bought BABA calls when he said to.
DIAMOND HANDS
I have li auto as well. 
Thag shit is up 1500% today
Long term sure but holy shit it won’t even stay over $120 short term. Awful performance lately
everything red in my portfolio except nio💪
It’s all about xpeng
NIO $55 tomorrow is a done deal
If we lockdown again without govt funding we will get royally fucked. Idk what your talking about
Hmm you might be right, usually earnings for me = stay away. But seeing it dropping now looks like a good sign. 


I’m holding $19c 2/19/21
watch it collapse faster than Trumps presidency
One last dead cat bounce before we return to drilling
Lol
ABCD
PLL NIO XPEV 

This is the way
Gd idiot er is Tuesday. 100 eoy
I feel like you mean to say you bought calls and sold them for a profit...? Otherwise I’m beyond confused.
Only down 3k today. I’ll drink to that 🍾
Is no one seeing XPEV?
Picked up a ZM 11/20 $500 C @ 3.90........... YOLO
Wow Baba, can’t decide whether to sell my shares or buy more. Either way, probably the worst stock in history.
I told myself I wouldn't buy puts just because a stock was going up to fast - that's retard logic. Yet here I am buying NIO puts anyway.
XPEV market cap passed that of Ford  
  
NIO is now 2x Ford  
  
😂😂😂
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
XPEV   40.0|8.25|8.55|8.4|6.91|173.778%

**Unusual option activity detected on the XPEV 40.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

XPEV 40.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2m7ra&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Everything dumping besides nio LOL
Scared money don’t make money and I’m very scared.
ouch, with leaps i wouldve waited
It's kinda like when cities get a covid spike, freak out and shut down, then a few weeks later open up when the numbers calm down then pat themselves on the back as if they did something when in reality thats how a virus works and you're just shutting down and opening up on the peaks and lows that would exist regardless of your actions.
Win 10% 10 times
Lose 100% 1 time

If timing the market or a single stock was that easy everyone would be billionaires
Pltr dip lookin tasty
looking at wsb
I bought NIO 52c on Monday for .75. During the week it dropped to .02. Now it’s up to .85

I’m holding till it hits 50
what we doin for PLTR earnings?
You know someone is retarded when they call a bounce off a technical support a bull trap
[deleted]
[removed]
Good thing I sold my $XPEV 11/20 $40c at close yesterday
So as someone who has NIO and no clue what to do: Do I hold?
Is the sky blue?
it ususaly swings from 86-91, dont paper hands it. Earnings will be huge. Expected is wayy lower than it should be given the pandemic and the rise of vidya games, esp w a ton of new games coming out
Probably cause of my shit posting today it’s dropped. I bailed
Nio please go red so i can get in and buy calls
This shit has retard strength like nothing I’ve ever seen
Like a phoenix, I rise from the ashes
NIO/XPEV/LI - LI Earning tomorrow.. are all three of these gonna keep pumping?  Even if it's less intensity?  And guessing they might take a dip before NIO ER but I don't imagine touching 45 again.

What do ya'll think
[deleted]
at this point ARKK gonna dump tesla for the chinese EVs
i made an absolute wsb move by buying a metric shitton of deep out the money AMD calls because i havent had a loss in a while.  lets see what happens
$ROPE
I wanna hop on this nio gravy train but would I be too late to the party???
So who is this man jerome powell and where doe s he live?
I was a little early and didn’t expect a big dip...  but hey a win is a win right?  

Keep an eye on this company, see big things on the horizon 

Enjoy your tendies
TODAY
Can’t see it through the smoke from my burning money
I'm the clown who sold 44c 11/13 before 11 am
Guys what’s the correlation with the S&P and Tiger going nuclear at Augusta???? Need to yolo right now
This is the life, man. Jacked up on an XR and a ton of coffee, listening to lofi beats while watching myself make money on my phone.
Already up big
[deleted]
I have decided to join the Bear Gang lol
Dam XPEV 45c this morning were .60
my RH acct is back in green all time thanks to NIO lmfao
Boomer
I just FOMO'd XPENG and LI and I'm already up...wtf
5/21 and 1/23 30$c I’ll be holdin a bit
You motherfuckers really managed to meme nio into another dimension...
$NIO TO 50. Meme $MOON
Sold my Li 35c for $60 the other day 🤡🤡
NIo us 2000% in 6 months, just another casual EV stock. Fuck I hate my life why didn't I buy this chinky company.
Bet you're reeeeeally hating yourself now that it's at $49
I feel this in my soul
Days like this is when you slap yourself for not dumping your networth in nio, xpev or LI
Is NIO hitting $50???
man, im such a bitch lol
lmfao
[deleted]
I have literally watched xpev and nio for the last 4 hours and haven’t made a move like a catatonic person
baba why you so no no?
And kept tanking on tRumps stimulus tantrum. Fuck prumpf. Hes the poor mans rich man
China is taking over the planet
godspeed. and dont drive this thing into a wall.
Not until triple digits at least
MCD to $50.   
New Flotus is going to implement mandatory fat camp for **all** American kids on day 1.
[deleted]
i;m telling yall ZOOM fixing to rip through the roof tonight...#easy$
Same same
[removed]
Don't blame it on a blunt and go take your pills
Oh... I was talking about the cat meme...
it is going to happen
LI going $40 EOW after everybody sees that their SUV outsold NIO by 8k in October 😫
no yieah
Xpev NIO and Li. EZ money.
How
a 5% tax for remote workers? Deutsche go fuck yourself
I’m fomo ing into nio now. 10k deep into 50c leaps
jack and the ccp are one in the same
felt
Shouldve waited til day before ER
Up 200% on li.
I also bought PDD put, NFLX calls, BABA calls. everything went the other way lol
so you're saying my 15 and 15$ 11/13 calls are fucked?? someone said the earnings are gonna be so good that its gonna moon tomorrow.ill wait for tomorrow to buy.
The gain line is super dramatic on robinhood. Webull gives you so much data that you actually begin to consider trading intelligently
Next stop: 50
When you do, let me know the name of the sub reddit you get that advice from.
balls deep in my own hand
Then stfu
[deleted]
Xi Jinping fapping to NIO and XPEV chart
I just have shares out right currently. Debating whether or not to yolo 3k of house money on some calls.
I remember this morning seeing a comment saying “NIO $50 EOD locked in!” And it getting downvoted lmfao
I’m dying this is funny as fuck😂😂😂
Shortsqueeze on 2 teslas is a 🌈🐻 MM’s nightmare and a permabull dream
Nio is repairing the damage that OSTK and Peloton did to my portfolio.

Thank you Chinese Jesus
[deleted]
PLTR finding every possible way to fuck me in the ass.
It’s never too late to buy NIO!!!!
yup, 2000 and 2020
$DFEN is going to make some people rich
Oh I meant for the video ha, I’d like to share it on other platforms.
You guys holding your NIO calls for warning next week?
Why even ask?
Singles Day didn't matter apparently
I fucking love manual trannies
I wonder how having no brakes is going to work out for NIO's Kelley Blue Book value
The cages joe

Who built the cages joe
am
Profits? Lol
I have no fucking clue why these keep going up so ludicrously and why my account keeps getting bigger because of it, but at this point I'm too afraid to ask
it’s going to happen brah
This nio gravy train’s never stopping huh?
I have 50 11 dec 35 and  50 15 jan 60 calls, let's ride the rocket to the mooooon
[deleted]
I lose a lot more than that, but yes, I'll buy more.
Yea, after doing some calculations it seems like the premium really isn’t worth it. Would need a huge move to make a profit
Yoloing ACB way OTM calls....... just in case
nio to 50
lockdown picks: anything tech (nasdaq large caps, biotech, agritech)
everytime i think its too late for nio and xpeng, they moon another 10%
I swear if NIO drop 5%... 98% of this group gonna wiped out dead
this is true retard strength
This song is 🔥
[deleted]
I'm on reddit so it's impossible
[deleted]
holy jesus mcfuck I sold XPEV calls for $95 profit thinking I was hot shit... would be up $600 now
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope
But if it blows up to 100 then pops to 75, should we still buy now?
If we knew whether we should hold or sell we wouldn't be here. In my experience though, better to sell while you're up than hold till you're down.
👊💰
take deep breaths
ok boomer keep buying microsoft
We got this!  50 EOD easy!
I'm sure the mouse will fuck me, but it's just a fun YOLO with some weed gains
You may be right but it’s up way too much for my liking today
I’m in both, I think XPEV gonna overtake NIO
XPEV holy shit
I think my next car will be an XPeng
See, really not unexpected
I've canceled mine 3 times today. I aint stoppin shit
AMZN, you’re fine. Don’t concern yourself with this trash. You’re a winner. You’re born different. Your target is the moon.
I for one, welcome our new Chinese overlords...
My only regret is not going balls deep into NIO since I started buying shares and calls at $12
I did and bought back in 💎🤞
lol can't believe xpev might break past NIO at this rate lol
Why has it dropped so bad. What you going to do hold or get rid
looks like NIO is definitely $50+ EOD
Why?
Buy more but longer ED
Placed some 1DTE SPY P FDs for overnight action. Listen, shutdowns aren't gonna happen on Monday. It's preweekend or not at all.
what plays are even possible for 20 motherfucking bucks lol.
Bull flag after bull flag. Fucking ccp killing it
That's not a NIO, you retard.
Me who sold 700 shares nio at $3.5 👁👄👁
It’s all up from here
 1/2 way to being worth 1k
baba will have a massive recovery this is just a show
NIO just won’t stop going up. Every time I buy back in I’m like “I’m too late” then half an hour later it’s already printing again.
[deleted]
Eyeing the INTC dip
Lost 1k on tqqq yesterday, made it back with spy today but I’m holding till tomorrow
Like monday lol
[deleted]
Why?
what play bill belliCHECK?
come on apple lets show some life here
Anyone watching pltr
Bro its gonna go below 37. Stfu and hold. You have leaps. Leave it alone u fuck face. At worst avg down
Oh Mama NIO! Please give me a $1 dollar dip to get back in!!!
Does everyone use robinhood because they don’t charge fees for options?
It's amazing how China being the epicenter of the global pandemic hasn't stopped their meme stocks from pissing on our blue chips at every turn. Fascinating!
That would be wise... knew this crash was coming.
Guys I’m nervous, I’ve never been this high before
[deleted]
HYLN ENDING GREEN IM DEADDD
NIO DIAMOND HANDS Check In !!!!
Alright, alright. Relax.
Chinese EV companies and Twitch thots are the very foundation of the American economy.
I’d prob sell that since you’re still otm
Robinhood is best on phone for quick trades on the go.  Bad web platform.

WeBull got great charts and functions for quick dive on the phone.  Web is between the old traditional trading platforms and the new.  I like it for mid to long term trades.

TD and the rest of the traditional brokers are best for web applications.  Didn't bother to install the phone versions. 

I really like Robinhood, just wish it was more reliable for me in order to put any real capital on it.
Posted this 2 min ago, still waiting on non retard advice
Are you bullish on earnings? Holding Feb calls
Spoke today, addressed concerns for the coming months.  [Link](https://www.wsj.com/articles/fed-chair-powell-says-rising-virus-cases-could-challenge-economic-recovery-11605201548)
If they keep digging at this rate, they will hit China soon- a whole new market! And you know what happens when they keep digging in that direction when they get there? That's right baby, they keep digging right up to the moon.
Of the two, XPEV...but obviously the real answer is puts on your account.
Maybe in a few weeks you can get some hunny mustard to
I’m long NIO but this inevitable correction is going to gape me
Sell cash covered puts on PLTR if you want to buy shares. Get paid to own shares at a price you are okay with. If it skyrockets tomorrow well then just keep selling puts until assignment. That or just yolo on OTM weekly calls. Ask UPS, RKT, and other gangs to see how it went holding thru earnings.
Just got NIO price alert saying it's up a retarded amount. Probably not the time to FOMO
Holy shit now I officially regret selling my calls for next week omfg NIO
Sector rotation into NIO
Me too. Lost around 2k
Sorry I got an NIO weekly so party’s over... unless?
NIO calls volume is fcking crazy..
So....we thinking massive sell off on NiO at $50??
hey I can endorse that, i’m js that I don’t know how a chinese car maker will be perceived in international markets
20
HOLD ON 50 BOYS! HOLD!
Guys this is your last chance to hop on the NIO train because it’s not stopping again until it reaches the moon 🚀
NIO, XPEV,LI
NIO Is being financed by state run banks. The CCP is making sweet love to EVs rn. It will not go down. China needs a direct competitor to Tesla  and this is it.
lol wtf my XPEV puts are gaining in value as XPEV goes up 😂
Chinese EV market shaping up to make some people very rich and very poor.

How good does LI have to do to spike more than it's 20%+ today?
Nio 🚀 🌙
64: the woman (4) squats while the man (6) performs epic handstand ass eating technique
Took the last $20 in a blown up acct and started inversing the loudest people here on Friday.  Currently 85x with 70x locked in.
Thank you!
NIO $50 EOD
$NIO puts at 3:59
Drill
Honestly I hate when people say your gonna lose all your money on these stonks. Godspeed let's go. I'm all in calls.
sorry for more NIOposting but holy shit, remember long ago when 50$ EOW was a meme ?
Damn I’m thinking about PTON here for round 2.
No one else checkin vix dawg? It’s up 12% today, steady climb last 30 min
200 shares at $15.  
Sold 100 at $24.  


So disappointed.
I’m getting crazy fomo from selling my NIO calls
XPEV is fucking wild. I’m in NIO but man I wish I had the cash to get in on both
XPEV call holders. Congradufuckinglations. I missed out but i can’t even hate this is insane
Why did i sell NIO too early?? whyyyyy
[deleted]
>! And another one going the other way
BULL TRAP
So what did you end up doing?
nice. I expect measles lock down in Q2, stimulus to follow.
I love this sub
[deleted]
This shit is nutty
Robinhood is down for minor technical errors
PLTR has a massive sell wall at 14.85. Not even the white walkers can blast through that. Might look for an exit in the next few minutes. Fuck this
Im down 90% on HYLN calls cause I'm a retard
Now I'm up 30% on SPY puts cause I'm a retard
this time we get earnings and we know, like baba, the numbers aint what they seem...what's the sec gonna go about it???? i think its a tough choice.... calls on fsr   looks like possible m&a.... ooooohhhh
Next stop 50!!!
NIO gonna hit 50 and all hell is gonna break loose
This is insane ....
sell out
Give us that Rally until CLOSE.
Most obvious bull trap is obvious
Yes but TA in the cosmos. Real shit.
Nio holy shit
Holy nio
There's no reason for BABA to be dragging like it is. These new Chinese regulations aren't going to have a direct impact on their business model. Perplexing
FOURTY NINE
Sell now enter later
XPEV is rising twice as fast currently
Thanks again. Do you know if I’d be able to get my foot in the door with PLC programming already having a math degree or would I need to go back for another associates?
Up 50% on my NIO calls. Fucking love you idiots sometimes. I didn’t even question it. Just saw 50 mentions of NIO and immediately went balls deep into calls.
I'm holding some, and I can already tell you I'll regret it.
I hope you make tendies!
[removed]
Lmao all the retards are saying buy NIO because most aren’t that retarded
NIO broke $49. 😳
yolo
Market kapp
Im just fucking with you man, profits are profits, its better to make 20% off each option than to diamond hand & lose it all like all the other retards here
SPY 340 by thanksgiving.
Lmao someone got 600% on XPEV calls today alone ...GG
These should all say NIO cuz that’s a bubble
Fuck rsi that shit doesn’t exist in this world
I just punched like Andy bernard. Thanks NIO..!
holy. fucking. shit.
oh its open? bet, SELL
The odds of 60 tomorrow are now in view.  Crazy.
Creaming my pants rn
Sell
It changes, but as of today I'm $5 bucks bellow today's opening given that I placed a big order yesterday morning. Good luck.
This next leg down is gonna be Savage isn't.....

I'll clench checks and pray.
have you been around a cat

they are chaotic retards with nebulous goals

I doubt he even knows what he’s doing, he only knows he must do it
delete this dumb shit please and thank u
I will be messaging you in 6 months on [**2021-05-12 18:39:17 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-05-12%2018:39:17%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jss1zr/nio_to_the_moon_alice/gc2lj6x/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjss1zr%2Fnio_to_the_moon_alice%2Fgc2lj6x%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-05-12%2018%3A39%3A17%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jss1zr)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Dude they ain’t stopping ...
good comment. If you think China is gonna let itself be run over by US EVs even made in china...ask a steel worker or aluminum worker
It’s going to 80 after earnings
49
not buying in today, possibly on a red day  


also if its projected to be a 100+ stock, is it ever too late? :D
wtf xpev.....
$MOON
How do you do this magic
I know, crazy!!
And a tiny bit of PLUG but the chinese can have me over my wife and her bf
CCP essentially financing this Corp through state banks. It will not go down
What strike
I have officially broke even on a retarded NIO call. So thankful that I forgot to panic sell
Damn saidnfuck you $45 I’ll see you at $50
$XPEV has a bright and strong future according to their financials and $NIO is backed up by the government of CHINA
Strike and date for us retards
YOU GOT TO PUMP IT UP ⬆️
NIO has literally resurrected my account from the obliteration it experienced in the September drop
I just did a put option for $48. Every Friday for the past three weeks were sell offs. This will be a big self off.
FTCH earnings who’s grabbing calls?
Literally me right now too with 89% down AT. Good luck OP
I did it and it saved my ass for the day.
Can’t sell if you don’t have a sell button 🚀🚀
LOL so spy dumps and zm follows. Spy recovers and zm dumps more
Make 20k with NIO ease
Too late pussy
Dont say it’s a bad idea just answer my question if I were to get a put on nio or xpev which one should I get
Relax  


>!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!<
July 6
Your graph chart is similar to mine lmao. You can make it back by going in the money calls on NIO
PLTR 2/21 20 C
Earnings next Tuesday. The momentum looks like it might carry over to Monday. That's when you'd want to switch.
I’m Canadian retard
the sale had been scheduled for months I believe
keep holding the 1DTE puts on SPY or sell now?
Li auto is premarket
 Who is taking the chance?
Xpeng 40%...this EV shit getting crazy. There is only 1 Tesla !
Good lord, +37% so far on XPEV. 
Really hoping NIO crushes earnings and just fucking balloons
cnbc female employee requirements: Be under 35, 7.5/10 face minimum, C-cup minimum
JPow’s name is actually Jerome Powell. Gandalf’s name is actually Gandalf. 
One is a true wizard, one is not.
no dude, we tank
[deleted]
💎 🙌🏻
My tendies came and so did I.
[deleted]
6:30AM? 6:30PM? Are you on commie time?
!RemindMe 6 months
Li, xpev earnings coming tomorrow and they're not quite as expected
if i cant profit off their death i dont care bro
$MOON lets meme it
[removed]
F
My spy puts are printing right now
Jpow turned on the printer
not to mention LI earnings tomorrow before market open.
[deleted]
Race to 100: Xpeng or Nio?
Deef deef
NIO
I love you, baby
This is not the kind of roller coaster I like riding
Zoom fixing to moon....easy money right now!!!
Because Nio gang is annoying. But don’t do it. I did it. Experiencing mild regret.
Diamond Hands
YOUVE GOT TO PUMP IT UP. DONT YOU KNOW?PUMP IT UP
49 BOYS
Hell yea! Let’s get gay!
Just hold lol. Nio is going to talk about Europe expansion plans. It literally can’t go tits up
Where were you when Nio hit 50.
still holding, cant wait till the 18th
How does NIO keep going
It's that episode of SG1 where they find the love child Jack had with Sting.
Not gonna happen
sell
fuck should i Yolo NIO or XPEV
My bet is that even widespread lockdowns would only give a 10% drawdown like in September and October. The market is clearly ready to be done with Covid. Q2 and Q3 earnings were not the apocalypse that many were expecting. Much of the market remains cheap. SPY 400 by February.
comparable company had great earnings
[deleted]
Are we v-ing out of this bitch or are we still gonna drill
Covid is such a bothersome merry-go-round .. lets get the bad news out the way now plz so Pfizer seeking FDA approval can ping us back up next week
xpev to late now for me?
Ok nio is making my bear tendie tingle
Tiger came to play
put/call ratio for this week is 1.29 follow the wave boys. The mouse is dead
yes please
Anyone else playing BLNK earnings? Everyone distracted by NIOs fat gains it seems
[deleted]
&#x200B;

ugh mango man evil
NIO reports Tuesday and this shit is mooning? It has to pull back, right?
[deleted]
same here
[deleted]
That’s the truth; seen that play out plenty of times
Who the fuck is still buying SPY rn?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   30.0|19.6|19.9|19.38|5.33|123.689%


NIO 30.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2lewu&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
We smashed 49 guys
Sell it
Literally 10 minutes off lmao amazing call
bro sell, leaps get fucked too
He is not wrong im 15
Li, XPEV and Nio surging has to be bad news for Tesla.  Assuming that’s why it’s tracking down while they moon.  How long till China bans them like they ban every other American company after they establish a domestic brand?
It’s mooning until trump wins the election back
49!  🥳
Ah I see. Thank you!
LI Autos to 40 eow 

Get in before its too late
Nope not all ps5 games are 69.99
SPY 330 LET'S GO

FRIENDSHIP WITH BULLS ENDED, BEARS ARE MY BEST FRIENDS NOW
YEWWWWW
NIO 49!!!
Why didn’t anyone tell me to watch XPEV at like 10am
XPEV 100 shares @ $26  
NIO $30c 12/18  
NIO $42c 01/21/22  
NIO 300 shares @ $15
keep me updated on what you decide to do
fukkking spy won't stay down. I gotta learn a lesson.
V shaping back up it seems
$5m order of ZM FDs just came thru. 11/13 $250. Big dick play
Bullish
“Oh no! Anyway...” ~ Palantir
Looks about right
Is this really how you are expecting to invest in it? lol
bought a 100 at $7, had more but sold off at $20... nothing but pain haha
No you’re just a dumbass
Let’s gooooo
I’m disappointed in me too
Pfizer drilling straight to China to test their new vaccine
The odds of seeing NIO at $50 today are going up tremendously.
I hope it's done falling apart for now. I was eyeing puts but didn't want to do it when every indicator is hanging at the bottom
apparently the market is now rotating entirely into chinese EV's
Do you think NIO is gonna go above 52.60? If not, sell it.
ER next week
Clear bull trap here, we still got more to fall
[deleted]
Everybody panic sold yday
Lack of stimmy I assume
I went partial retard into NIO back at $21 a share. Recently, I averaged up again on the dip at $39. This shit just continues to go brrr and produce max tendies much like how I imagine J. Powell would if he were publicly traded. For those on the sidelines, just YOLO in and ride the EV wave, man. 

TLDR because you're retards: I'm making mad tendies. My wifes sisters boyfriend (me) is very pleased. Do you remember the retarded kid in school who seemingly had unlimited amounts of strength? This is that in stock form.

*edit* While I was typing this, another $320 tendies have been deposited
NIO 49 inevitable!!!!
I don’t feel bad for whoever bought my PLTR calls at 6:30 but ty
meanwhile baba
It’s not too late to reenter
When do I just take my earnings on Li, Call expires 11/20.. hold?
what if he is an actual homosexual

SELL IF YOU ARE TRUMPS TURD
Gay bears making $50 on their spy poots while China EV bulls raking in thousands hand over fist
Hulk dildo yes.
Damn at this rate XPEV will outrun NIO
NIO $100 EOW
So, is XPEV Tesla 2.0 or NIO 2.0?
r/thathappened
So they PAINTED it.

They did not wrap it like every.one.else.does.

Ok. Great point! 

You surly belong in here with the other retards
Chinese don't fuck around with gambling....go look at the casinos if you doubt it.
Too real
[deleted]
PRINTER ON! LFGO BUY BUY BUY
Yeah so I hear, knew that blunt this morning was a bad move 🥴
[deleted]
Thanks for the info, you seem to know what you’re talking about.
no, AMD was gambling. i liked the company and that was my retard opinion on buying these stocks. apart from that, i still hold paypal, micron, seagate, dell, daimler, microsoft and facebook - last (more serious) purchases were in 2017.

ah, i forgot (or suppressed it): and my share depression: mitsubishi motors. cuz, you guessed it, i liked the company.
I'm a quant/strat and I can confirm that derivatives traders are exactly this level of retarded
Good job. NIO finally gave me back and tendies. I can get a Wendy's now.
Earnings
Don’t do it Patrick
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** If Trump decided to slap around Iran, what companies would profit?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jszvk1
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jszvk1) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/CivilMyNuts, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
mastermind202
OverpricedBagel
MadejustforWSB
I'm going to China for my next vacation it's settled
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
good time to load up on calls?
$5m order of calls just came thru for ZM FDs. 11/13 $250. You’re onto something.
Good luck hope u gets paid bro
imagine nio
I bought at $13 and sold at the moon
Put 2k in
All nio? Anything else
Bullish

 

**Measles Deaths Soared Worldwide Last Year, as Vaccine Rates Stalled**

[https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/12/health/measles-deaths-soared-worldwide-last-year-as-vaccine-rates-stalled.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/12/health/measles-deaths-soared-worldwide-last-year-as-vaccine-rates-stalled.html)
🤞🏻
Chinese stocks
It is. This is a nio sub now.
I didn't know it was going to go that high haha
 Not if u sell calls. Working just fine.
Permanent universal ban
If you’re more buying NIO right now you’re not a true retard
Oof these sexy mamas on CNBC
I should add that this is my first option trade. Based strictly of influence from WSB
Can't drill any further than this point (QQQ 288, SPY 352). That's too predictable. These are barely percentage drops, they ain't crashing just correcting.
How’s that going so far lmao
XPEV is half the market cap of NIO....
Upvote if you missed out on serious gains bc you sold nio too early
Not too bad. LEAPS are pretty safe. But you should definitely take some profits
way way down
Fair enough, thought he went on at 130
Market goes down, NIO goes up
[deleted]
Crash? Lol
Well I lose a 140 bucks if it hits 10 tomorrow, I'll buy tons of shares then and sell CC.
 [https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1326957126258974723?s=20](https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1326957126258974723?s=20)

> In France, the number of COVID patients in hospital has reached 32,654, surpassing the first wave's peak
lol but do u even marketcap, bra
[deleted]
NIO 49 coming soon!!!!!
let me check my crystal meth
Zoom may not go straight up...but it's going to be a big winner as we switch back to doing everything from home til next spring when the vaccine is mass produced
[deleted]
Gotta.
My $51 sell call on my NIO shares not looking like a safe bet tomorrow 😲😲😲
BTFD bitch
Vix 👀
And then moon for the next 5 years
He will, in fact, come at you.
gravity hit.
XPEV is right on Nio’s tail to overtake.
Man I have NIO and I am up a lot today but still feel the FOMO from XPEV
Oh hey wsb isn’t dead today
NIO TO 52 EOW https://i.imgur.com/CNgMf41.jpg
So you can only afford to shop at PennyTree.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
AMWL   40.0|0.5|0.6|0.5|0.1|91.537%


AMWL 40.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2l5fw&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Earnings was this morning lol
100% portfolio gain today, still down 89% AT. Long way to go but NIO will hold my retarded hand along the way
Prolly buy some pltr shares after er tommorow
Fsr
Xpev about to double my money, twice. 

Jesus is this what investing in tsla felt like?
[deleted]
Minimal if at all depending on Exp.
Get a girlfriend
UP, it‘s often good when the stock drops shortly before ER. I‘m gonna buy way otm calls now
NIOS ABOUT TO BREAK 49 BOYS
Are we goin down, Papa?
2 $351 12/2  and 1 $344 11/16 lottery ticket. Saw it tanking and looked at the 3M graph and said fuck it, I'll put a grand that shit tanks. All the DD thats needed
Taking a stab on some AMWL 12/18 $40C
I'd say both but im afraid its too late.
I told y’all earlier this was September 14 and 15th again. Tomorrow bloodbath as well. Bruh this whole week is that week basically. Like a carbon copy.
I remember when spy was under 300 🤣🤣
RKT MOON SPCE all in
Might go to 350 if it breaks
Oof size: enormous
Always knew China was the 🐐country
Imagine thinking your smooth brain is going to profit on puts with NIO when ER is on TUESDAY.
LI has its ER tomorrow morning, just like XPEV had theirs today. Very possible that small EVs continue the momentum
because you're retarded
So he bought 1000 shares. “Omg wow”
They lost billions. Unless it was less than expected, I don't see it going up.
I only bought 2.8. Up 35% 🥲🔫
strong no for me
Because that is the logical thing to do. That's why you will lose all your money if you do
Just like that, NIO new ATH
I'd like to know this as well
[deleted]
Yeah
We are all Chinese on this day.
260 @ 20.00
WYY ftw
Why all of a sudden crash? Lockdown again?
Half in nio puts. Come at me Xi
That’s coming later in November
Is it safe to bet against the mouse now lol
RGEN gaping up tomorrow, get in.
> I've done that many times and no one was "offended" or "shocked" or "repulsed" or "angry to the point of murder." I jerked off in a public gym session and so what. People stopped working out to watch me work the hog. They looked at my face, then the hog, put the weights down, turned off the treadmill, and gazed at the action being performed before their eyes. It wasn't anything special, just a normal hog sesh. I'm inclined to believe that it was my technique that had them awed but not dismayed. I like to use a slight twist in conjunction with the steady up and down. You don't want to get anything phallic-shaped near me because I have a compulsion-to-stroke that I'm working on with my therapist. Back to the point, there's nothing wrong with bopping the baloney in a public gym session. Those look like two lovely gentlemen.

You and us are not so unlike, my friend. So think of 3/4 random letters, pick a strike, and we can show up to OP's house to collectively celebrate his new whip in a sub-wide bukkake. As real men would.

Btw, fuck you OP. Nice.
Yeah that’s what I’m thinking too
Hold. 

We are going to retest 350 at which point Asia & Europe is going to for sure sell off and drive us down further AH
Zoom and vxx calls! Ny is shutting down and Cali will follow in a week or two just like last time
XPEV wtf
Always
Alright just submitted all my spy puts fasten your seat belts and put on your helmets. Oh yeah I went straight into calls too. Gonna hurt
Back to Calls baby, dont bet against america....This was a bear trap...
Sauce?
Done
Call them while you try
I want a ✔️ recovery !
Every stock drills a couple points

WSB: Is pALaNtIR DEAd
I bought them for 11
Seriously glad NIO is finally getting some recognition.  Little inflated this quick? Maybe. But the potential they have over the next few years to 5 years is huge. No denying that
Fake
Not for this company lol. Look at the pump and dump
I grabbed 10 contracts at .03 earlier , fingers crossed
LOL. I’ll let you know when I’ll buy so you can sell.
This is the NIO sub... Hold fuck 78% of posts are NIO.
[deleted]
You seriously think I'm gonna know what a premium is? I'm a retard, watch your language
354C infinitely!
Goddamn it, I’m still angry about it. But no one ever got poor taking profits, right....
Your flair explains it all
BUY THEM BOTH
“do it”
Is that better or worse?
Tech calls because FUCK IT
IV?
So I shouldn’t get back in is what you’re saying?
Yes for long
xpev or Li? already got shares in Nio
You can still come back, penny stocks are only a few pennies and some can go up 600% in one night. Godspeed retard. Godsped
Chinese stocks are the new safe haven. Look at PDD today, rallies with QQQ but doesn't go down at all
Is ur grandma on this sub?
Hope to god you are right
NIO 49 so freakin close!!!
I could sure use a -95% to 200% about now...
You could say this for anything. Not really valid.
Can't drill any further than this point (QQQ 288, SPY 352). That's too predictable. These are barely percentage drops, they ain't crashing just correcting.
If you own a stock and suddenly you see messages and more messages asking for people to hold you should know that's the SALE sign.
When did you buy this
May they burn in hell
Let me just check my crystal ball
Buy the PLTR dip?
Bruh
Cant wait until everybody who enters NIO puts today or tmrw see NIO open at 70$ monday.🚀🚀🚀
If you're up I'd sell spy is so fucking retarded this week
Yes it is. We are going to 300
if you can't see the difference between those two stocks then even a child's spot the difference book is too hard for you
[deleted]
I am forever going to diamond hand options to the fucking ground from now on. If I had held out I would be fucking rolling in it
In hindsight everyone would be a millionaire.
Rallied on emotional betas and dropped based on REALITY. Clown
43
Imagine losing your last shirt and downvoting everything in wsb
Small fries.... you need to super size...
Spy calls out the ass rn
People who are too principled will almost always lose money (and often they also turned out to be hypocrites).
I memed super hard on pltr making a bunch of bag holders on it’s ipo, but ima be really sad if their earnings do suck for all the call holders. That’s too crazy to play IMO
All those resources wasted propping this POS market up. Now just gone...digitally, of course. 🙄
Fuck it. All in on China EV cars
GHYNA!
[removed]
Literally. I thought it was too late when I jumped in about an hour ago and now I’m up 26% already lol
I hope so. I’m holding 850 shares through. Not playing options through earnings, been burned too many times on that shit
Is NIO gonna keep pumping tomorrow and over the weekend?  Upvote first confirmation bias
Lads, XPEV is about to overtake NIO.
I bought at $13 and just held. That was just 3ish months ago. It wasn’t a long hold
Flipped from AMZN puts to calls, now just waiting to experience regret.
Relax, that would only be worth like $50k now.
600% on Li today
Same here, annoyed
I’ve been bearish for the last two weeks, unsuccessfully, sold puts and bought calls this AM. Am I a market mover?
You guys need to think bigger.

Traders in London (and probably other countries) would 'borrow' 200k from an offshore lender that their bank owned, then just not pay it back. The dealer gets a 200K bonus tax free and the bank gets a tax write off against profits.
Who?
Hopefully DIS earnings go up 🆙
Drill team six🤡
Why do I want to buy puts on NIO
That feel when you realize stocks rallied on Biden and dropped on trump acting like a little crying punk bitch snowflake toddler 😭😭😭
Welcome to 2 hours ago
XPEV TOO LOL
Until it is and then you cry because you miss out on all the free tendies
Li and nio puts going up.  Can't average down.
Follow the chart! But yes, u do need to be more technically adverse to trade the sell side
Apparently you speak it fluently if you didn’t diamond hand your XPEV calls.
Imagine buying calls after a stock is up 50%
Imagine NIO at $70
We need a epic rap battle between bears and bulls
No 13
It’s gonna test 352 again
invite your friends.  you get a free stock!
My grandma said all her retirement money was in XPENG loool. She turned $300,000 to $450,000 in shares
Data is the new currency and Palantir is giving companies the keys to a loaded ATM.
this was my first yolo after my strategy had a big drawdown....smh
Should I cut my SPY puts now, or do you guys think it continues to drop today
bear trap?
this isn't the crash fools
Usually yes but other factors are at play. Learn about the greeks.
What do you think about U?
More like 10.  

And I own LEAPS.
Why SQUARE!!!
Would you say I’m to late for xpev now
[deleted]
Crash over boys...printer is back online!!
[deleted]
Hate to say it but.. I once had 100 shares of NIO at like 8 dollars and sold at 15...
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO!!!
Don’t click the link it’s a cock
Dumped my zoom calls before the big drop. Anyone else got out?
Just bought in, currently up
Is it normal for a debit spread to have a huge bid/ask spread? I'm in a SQ Debit spread that has a bid/ask spread of $1.80-$2.75
Hey guys just wanted to let you know I'm down 13 dollars today thanking nio for a comeback :)
Permanent ban
Fucking hate resellers
And for the 5th time today NIO smashes resistance like Grond the fucking battering ram
[deleted]
Just need another 47 point gain for the day to break even for all time.
Imagine being bearish on NIO
Nio broke the top Jesus
Fuck PLTR I should have sold at open
DIS down $2 and falling today, smart money might know something I don’t...

EDIT: pick one and post positions or BAN!
We need 🥭 back, bears have been way too bold since obama helped them get married.
[deleted]
It’s ER is Tuesday. Why wouldn’t you wait until Monday?

It’s going over 50 today now. Thanks friend.
Why zoom no go straight up?
Like NKLA at 70...
#NIBBA
I bought 515 of them this morning for 0.02
PLTR 20 AH.
The meme etf everyone has been waiting for
There revenue was insane, no wonder there getting funded by the chinoiserie gouvernment
that's an amazing return, don't think like that.

most professionals would sell their nut for that %
Fomo got to me. Just got some weekly NIO 55 calls @.24
How are you down on NIO
LAMBO!!!!!
Can we get some higher strikes on XPEV plz?!  😳
LOL
The only 'LOL' is that you didn't buy more.
PLTR up or down after earnings tm? Please advise
If it was literally anyone else I’d be sceptical but Thiel doesn’t fuck around
People have forgotten this in the last few years, but there's a reason socialist/communist countries are failures. Its a horrible and inefficient way to run a country. 

Bottom line, Jyna will have to make some major changes in the comming years if they plan to continue their expansion.  Planned economies always crash and burn eventually. End rant

Edit: go NIO! Whoop whoop
how is it possible that spy dipping 1.5% and XPEV and NIO didnt even make a dent?
Sold my old 40$  call 11/13 and bought for next week nio 50 EOW
UPS please keep going up I’m begging you. Bought calls too early this morning lmao
Time to buy palantir dip? 🤡
10,000 milliseconds watching a busy wheel spin while trying to sell..
Definitely, but it breaks through 3518 support we going down down. 

I’ll keep my eye on it
I’m Diamond handing at this point
Gonna moon at earnings.
Ehh maybe they “think” a shutdown is going to be announced later tonight
So the market tanked right after 🥭 tweeted about the Dominion voter system switching votes... if he gets any legitimate "evidence" of voting fraud this market is going to fucking explode
stfu
imagine buying NIO at $49
VIX 👀
I'd say the brag fits the monstrousness, someone go post this on copypasta before I do
[deleted]
All in.
Are recovery stocks fuk
Wow 300$ big stacks
Every time I think this spy reverses and proceeds to kick my ass. SPY puts are made for people with a stronger heart than me
Sorry, i don’t speak 🏳️‍🌈🐻
Baba up like 300B in last 6 months. No shit it’s gonna cool off before next leg up
F
That’s 2.50 per person but a 2 billion dollars stimulus for USA.. think of it that way
Its cool I had 6 11/20 41.50c I sold at a loss
Ban
Is CCL a good buy now (15) ?
RKT trying to moon but 🌈🐻 MM r holding us down
wow what a crash that was, we survived!
[deleted]
Down 3k in minutes because of PLTR. Wow
First ones free
for all concerned.p NO ITS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENTER NIOOO
Can someone please let BABA know that the market is open today?  Thanks.
Hope SPY keeps falling for all those Biden Bulls that think they can actually swing dick with the mango boyz. It smell like BITCH in here
The post earnings dump is priced in.
TSLA on cocain
Double bottom
😭😭
Seriously... WTF is this? BAN
If we slowly climb out the hole I’ll be happy too.
So you guys don't know that $MOON exists yet...
I picked up tons of TLRY 15/20c spread for 0.1$ 12/18 in hopes that the December house voting for decriminalization of marijuana sends this stock up 100% or more. Don't expect it to actually get to $20 but if it does those are 50 baggers.
SELL IF GAY BRO
sell **PLTR** 

no need be a hero
Buy the dip?
Awesome. Good job!
[deleted]
The very few bears that survive the 2 week onslaught.
Sad days
I accidentally bought one this morning. And couldn’t sell because I was out of day trades
When you’re thé literal leader of the “PayPal Mafia” nothing you touch will fail
I bought in nov 2019 @ $1.85 per share, sold at $4.50, ran away thinking I was the wolf of Wall Street 😐
Selling CSPs on indices like a cuck
Y’all ever fart abunch in your car and it doesn’t stink til you adjust yourself a bit then it all comes out at once?

SPY 353p 11/13
I'm not considering selling till it's $45 given LOGIs valuation.
fuk you bitch...
LI has an ER tomorrow, if they are close XPEV, NIO gonna moon again
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
# why didn't any of you dumb fucks tell me to buy 1000 shares when it was 2 bucks?
Oh like the sec fillings?
Lol why do I fight the meme. Puts on Nio bought at 48 going red
U have calls? Wait for an uptick and sell.
Someone tell BA to fall
ZOOM about to moon....more lockdown means more money for ZOOM!!!!!!!
!remindme tomorrow
damn 352 held strong
Shit, I've been watching videos all morning about PLTR. As much as I HATE the concept of the company this bad boy is going to be fire in the coming years. Might as well make some tendies while I'm being spied on!
[deleted]
Next thing u know u will have a course on how to make money off stocks
Li reporting earnings tmmrw morning. No way any china ev will drop today. Tmmrw before closing maybe today no chance.
right before LI earnings beat followed by NIO earnings beat. you definitely belong here
1/15 40C HOLDING HARD
China fucked Ma, unnecessarily
Can someone explain what happened ? On RH it says expected earnings -18 but actual earnings -32 tell me why I'm retarded please
Ferrari owned drink high end douche water, not that.
I’m up $3.97 for the day. I guess that’s better than when I was down 1.7k two hours ago and crying.
Yeah forward looking my ass with major and growing competition in the domestic market. At least TSLA does have other innovative tech it creates
😅😅😅😅
Reduces pollution = everybody wins.  Look at the big picture.
please tell me your shorting amzn then
It’s a bit of a risky short with how volatile the stock seems to be— Similar to a Tesla. 

The way I think of it is that it’s low since it IPO’d is $215. There’s probably going to be a lot of support around there. I’m not sure if there’s enough risk/reward for that, but that’s dependent on your risk tolerance
352 has hall of fame brick wall
Okay.......now.... I'm glad its over for real..... BTFD
Na.........not gay enough
Still made money
Bruh PLTR taking a fucking beating
JPow fucked it all up
Fuck pfizer all my homied hate pfizer
February and April 60C NIO
Til 11/27, and maybe after
Bears lose what bulls make for 2 weeks
NOOO not yet spy
Good man
Just have the cheeseburger bro
[removed]
Nice
Holding 12/24 😎
Which one?
My bad I thought it was after hours , as you were
Best of luck !
this support at 352 is very strong, im getting a little worried about how much we keep bouncing off of it
Buy the rumor sell the news
Here comes Blackrock
AAPL is truly hopeless
If it swings upwards.. yes
Keep drilling ACB. Daddy is trying to break even on his puts.
It's a big IF. Nio's has been selling all their cars out of the factory and there's a wait list for new buyers. So the demand is there, it's just how much of a performance gain is where investors will want to see.
350 EOD possible
2021 35c
True that. But probably for him $4300 is a small amount
Bought FB calls before the snap sympathy run up and bought BABA before the threat of Chinese tech regulations. I’m about to get wiped out.
pussy
Was gonna accumulate all day since I knew people would FOMO into it. The FOMO was very real in pre-market (touched $17.5)  
  
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_12_2020/gbz2f0j/
Half/half
RIP
It dumps already before earnings
yeah nio
Name does not check out.
I hope. xpev is smaller and they mooned. 
I have 55c 11/20
i say wait until 3:58 to send it.
Huge call order came thru for ZM calls expiring tomorrow. Over $5m worth 

🤑🤑🤑
It’s over lmao. Where you think this dip came from?
i’m beating myself up for not buying more
The mouse will fuck you either way
Baba falling off a cliff😩
The 🐭 always fucks me
We’re on pace to have a new irrationally priced EV every month so everyone’s a winner!
40C’s?
EVERYBODY PANIC
months ago during the LK fiasco I remember staring at the NIO minute chart sure I was witnessing the new weekly chi pump scheme, pondering my single $4-ish call.

boy am i dumb.
Rump tweet
TSLA free fall to valhalla
Who bought NIO puts so I can laugh at you?
Shame that they lose it all in the other 23 hours
Should have bought PLTR calls further out, I almost always get burned playing weekly earnings but never learn 😔
Whatcha holding?
I had some nio and xpev luckily. But why is every other tech stock crashing
#LIL DURK PURCHASES 45,000 WORTH OF NIO STOCK. 

Check his twitter. Rappers be buying meme stocks lmao
Can you create a thread where you let us know what and when you buy
It’s going to break it. VIX is up like crazy and the vibe today seems negative. Maybe it bounces around it once or twice before falling

I’m hoping SPY gets to like 348 so that I can load up on calls
Buy! Don’t let the 🌈 🐻 win
This shit back by the Chinese gov double down on that bitch
[deleted]
Apple to 115 EOW
I bought TSLA when it was $40 and sold at $120. I am happy to have tripled my money. Similar story in NFLX. Not looking back is a muscle.
covid i guess
I guess my luck isn’t up just yet. But I do not have a day trade left so it all depends on what happens over night. Fml. I hate to be a gay bear but I’m really hoping we see 348 tomorrow
Imagine cashing out for +10k in NIO calls, then realizing later it would be worth +33k
wait for next dip
Alright who pumped and dumped ACB
Fuck you ZM.
Same.
I have 12/24 $60c and up 31%
If you doubt the rise of electric vehicles just remember what it feel like to smell the gas that comes behind a Chevy Truck
Just sold my **NIO 11/27c for 500%**. Gonna wait for another drop til i roll over into 2021 calls....or is this shit gonna keep pumping forever?
PLTR are you fucking kidding me
im going in on them
pltr continue dropping?
[deleted]
This is PLTR correcting right? Am I stupid to hold?
Ps5 games are $69.99 so can’t afford that
You mean the earnings that were already held this morning?
Update: congrats everyone....we broke palantir
Lol that’s not how this works
I frantically checked. You fucker. Got me paranoid
NIO would like a word with you.
yeah we aint breakin 352 it looks like
U think that would affect earnings day?
DKNG EOW??
aaand there it goes. Fuck me
Jesus this expired like milk
Big F, would have made another $1000 as it is right now
SPY finding some low vol support at 352.
I just woke up, did I miss anything?
if your election is lasting more than 72 hours, contact your doctor now.
Why did you buy at open and not EOD, I’ve been eyeing this play
How long do we think NIO may pump?
Up 1000% today. Story checks out.
It is an lol.
Was actually a rhetorical question... I think its possible
Yep. Invest in the leader, same way I knew Tesla would be a winner. Ain't no fucking way Thiel is gonna be involved in a loser ass company
[deleted]
Man, the irony... I'm sitting here actively shorting DIS while my daughter watches Mickey Mouse Clubhouse on Disney+ in my home office...
Why PLTR going dip?!?!?
If he got calls he would be sitting in his yacht
Lost so much so fast on PLTR that instead of a day trade I guess it's now a full on hold through earnings gamble.
Really... wtf just happened
352 is too strong
WTF AMZN ....

vaccine...Investors:" of fuck this shit we dont need it anymore"

Covvid cases up.... Investor: " oh fuk the economy lets dump it"

&#x200B;

fuking 3.5k by eom or i kill my self
[deleted]
Trevor Milton powered forklifts
I agree that’s why I’ve been considering some 2021 calls but you know how it is lol
What other positions are you holding? Do you typically yolo into one company only?
PLTR puts anyone? Gonna dump after earnings most prolly no
Forward. 

Looking. 

This isn’t like Ford trucks dumbass.
I hope so. Gay bear checking in
I mean to be fair, aren't other countries also locking down? So it's not like they've got it under control either lol.

&#x200B;

Also you didn't post positions retard.
I guess the way the market works this means buy calls?


https://www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/comments/jsqcvt/no_the_new_macbook_air_is_not_faster_than_98_of/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
If your scared that’s a good sign.
Surely this time we are in a bear market
Apparently WSB even has an impact on a stock with 66B market cap.  MM is watching
Tasty wont let me Log In to BUY MORE NIO !!! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUKKKK
Are we even drilling on any news
Can you confirm when this is happening?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|0.05|0.06|0.05|0.04|148.12%


NIO 60.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2k82k&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I wouldn't bet against any of PLTR leadership
[removed]
... u srs?
Ur poor bunghole
Wat hapen too Brian
[deleted]
Don’t bother trying to catch that falling knife. SELL!
It had earnings that’s why it’s mooning
Honestly the NIO 60c 11/13 yolo is looking pretty good right now
Everything is fucking dying. Not that deep
Yeah I’m just going to hold on and ride this out.
Def not bro wtf
Sold 85 nio 45c 11/13 calls yesterday for %5 gains. Would be rich today. I’m going to drink now
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/stocksforbreakfast the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
RIP amzn. i should have kept one 3100p
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   60.0|2.21|2.25|2.26|1.33|143.317%


NIO 60.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2k3re&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Sometimes you need to hold onto a play that may pay off big big. In the long run. To date I’ve sold shares of aapl, shares of Netflix, shares of Shopify, shares of roku and shares of nio.... always sold at the wrong time based on fear of losing money. Easily missed out on an extra 100k in my portfolio. Buy and hold is the name of the game. Trading ups and downs leads to downs for my portfolio.
Ans I would hold imo
[removed]
i meant sell the ones i have that are getting murked
The algos liked the Nio pump in here yesterday
Thanks for nothing mcd. Not gonna have your burger this weekend. Screw you
[deleted]
locked in profit on puts when i couldve been up like 300%. rip
ZM finally dipping
Bought some baba too 🤬
Lmao XPEV only sold 8000 fucking cars. Are you shitting me?!
Same here.
PLTR back around 9 looking tasty
Take profit a day or two before earnings, look what earnings has done to a variety of other companies up 20%+ in the last month .
Hand is hovering over the AMZN 3170 call button. But this is a slow slide down man. Fucking rough
Drill team 6 could you direct some attention to PDD?
I think you are onto something here. I did this play earlier in the week. Too much momentum and the rug pull will happen.
Have fun
Robinhood is commission free boomer

Go play with your fidelity account on r/investing
The moment I fomo into NIO is when it’ll crash.
I just won't buy into your hype show, sorry I called your bs
XPEV
JPow on now? Link?
I went from 453 to 99. I didn't take the opportunity of buying myself in with 60 bucks with the huge jump today. Could've made up my losses+ profits
WHERE IS THE FUCKING MEDIC
That would be fucking splendid.
[deleted]
I'm both at awed and frightened by the fast gains of today's China's EV stocks. I'm happy with my 6.5% gains but holy shit.
Failure is a good thing
My PLTR puts I bought at open printing well. Holding through earnings. True value is more near $12.
Amen
[deleted]
Haha I was sarcastic but ya
Imagine buying calls right now 🤡🤡
FSR for the EV hype ofc and than SPCE is having test launches this month. But my big guess Is KCAC will boom when people see a battery maker for EV
Lemme get some strike and dates homie
puts don't lose value when the stock goes up?
I second this NIO 60c 11/27
MD
I've got 15 and 16$ calls expiring tomorrow..im sick
Hahahaahhhaaaahhhaaa
Shit, was at 38 less than 48 hours ago lmao
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$47**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$8.42**|**$48.465**|**623**|**430**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhf6384gb7y10770kbz8rc7g) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/Yoyo_blah/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Party is at $XPEV now. Have you not heard?
You got lucky, look at all the big earners & you’ll see that the majority of them crashed after earnings even after beating them
Ive been working in underwar since march. Damn it will suck to get back to normal
Did PLTR leak earnings early?
Calls for DIS earnings? I keep seeing huge call sweeps coming in on flowalgo
No regrets profits r sexy
After the stock split, right?
My dad bought 15k nio under around $2 and sold it at $11, yeah he also had FB at $12 and APPLE at 25 before all the splits.... he lives with his brother and is an alcoholic needless to say.
Solid observation
Market starting to take a bath now. Guh.
Yeah brokers are particularly strict with it, it blows.
Lol some guy was talking about what stocks to hold for 1 year that would double back in September, everyone told him NIO, took 2 months to double
[deleted]
We’re fucked
I sold all of mine too soon and I’m so sad
Always was 👩🏻‍🚀🔫
[deleted]
Who fucking knows
I might be the worst trader on the planet. I bought Fastly before that crash, and then bought BABA before this crash. Calls on inversing me
It’s the Chinese version of Tesla, not the Walmart version
Bears make in an hour what bulls make in 2 weeks.
Oof whyyy bro
Yeah but there won't even be any exclusives for a while
It’s not dipping anytime soon
Darn tootin!
No one cares about a stimulus anymore
I'm buying puts before NIO ER. You can't change my mind
Strike?
11/13, 12/4, and 2/19 here
Bye pltr
This put  is so nice. Buying shares at $33...until then watching it bleed
Well I bought calls too early
load up on ZOOM....
Great, now they can pizz, shizz, and vom in more hidden places. Thx
Delusional fucking bulls STOP buying so we can get to an actual level
If XPEV fails earnings do we think it could pull NIO down with it or are it’s Balls too big to give a fuck
No. Please don’t
This can't be real
Peloton calls* much more affordable
lemme get a sesame chicken dad
This is funny though, because they always wait for retail to FOMO before pulling the rug.
Well at least till Tuesday! Could dump after earnings.
Sir, this is a methadone clinic.
damn thats brazy
Dude where do I get that song
Might just dump most of my nio here and hold cash to clear my head... these nio gains are starting to look more like magic numbers than money
[deleted]
Whisperings
Honestly feeling good about this now lol
Facts
I did
Fuck off
as long as expiry isn't tomorrow there is no top.
Gotcha.. is it a law or what?
It's not.

What's listed is a shell company.
SPY $347 today? Price action is super bearish and there's enough time left on the day...
😂😂
Nio to be 60 after earnings
Feels good seeing spy go down as it helps the calls I sold to balance my stocks, also got a little spy baby hedge :) stress free boys
He should come out and say China is making a hostile takeover of Amazon
Thoughts on pltr earnings?
I wish, I’d be rich rn
Imagine not being balls deep in XPEV this am
Yes!
ah jeez
She’s rising twice as fast. Hold on tight!
if we break 352 -> 350, 350 => look out below
Which state is gonna be next for lockdown?
never am
probably had pants on for a total of 3 hours over the last 8 months. it's kinda sad actually
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nvhnak22 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Why you go for free I guess?
[deleted]
Enjoy getting hurt
I bought at 3036 this week
If your not getting on Zoom calls, your retarded. Covid scares/lockdown news boutta rush the markets more than it has
The best train to be on!
Everyone who thinks big dick Thiel is gonna let PLTR just be an average nothing company are clearly wrong in the head. Hold tight lads
20 mins after a 1% drop. Mouthbreather "i tried to warn you guys"
I sold. Will rebuy when it dips
NIO 60+ by 11/20?
What's your venmo?
Nah m8 NIO to the moon 🚀🚀

Not see the retard who has 100cNIO1/152020? Guaranteed moon
My grandpa when I told him about NIO “well son u should keep your u dollars in America for u never know it could one day take ur job away”...... grandpa... I don’t have a job.
Can xpev beat nio?
😉👍
Food stamp day
Nah that's too cool for him I bet he's watching his wife get bang by her boyfriend and afterwards makes them food.
Looking for a play? SPCE 12/4 calls. Space X and virgin galactic launches by end of the month. Temporary pump guaranteed.
What?
Riding that NIO moon ride and come back and the rest of the market is 💩
 Remember when NIO was below 45 this morning?  Lol...last time we see that!
The anthem for this sub 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqT9C1c9cA4&ab_channel=CosmosofAutism
I fucking hope so. Been sitting short for a while now
You’re the worst type of person. You’ll cry when it moons in a few days
That’s literally wrong. It’s ER is Tuesday. It ran up with xpev but it’s going to continue with hopes of similar numbers.
As of right now and I’ll see how the EOD looks but I’m thinking to hold it through for now. If the day ends weird though I’ll sell off my investment and ride the rest but I’m watching the charts actively.
Exclusives
Xi Jinping has major small pp syndrome. The ant ipo is so done, China continues its reign as a major shithole country, the communist party shows its ass once again
dad?
China
Please rate your heart attack on Tuesday
Yeah, I skipped all the fun :(
Now only suffering in this kang market.
Looks like we're playing 352 is lava
that shit didn't go up
From up 7k just a few days ago to down 3k this week. 10k dollar swings make you feel good.
what happened to pltr?
Jeez just put in 1k pussy
BABA. BABA when will you go up 🥺
All fun and games until my cat is playing under there at 2:00am.
If you don't want NIO, then get into XPEV. They just had an amazing earnings and have been running up because the world has finally noticed them. They still have plenty of room.

Alternatively, just nut up and get NIO LEAPs and hold for a year.
Truly. Short 45c. Not scared.
Don’t buy Nio that shit come with covid
Yea :(
Spread it with the $50 strike and take 2.50 per contract off the table...... while still having $500 upside per contract
Does he enjoy seeing your balls get strangled by the thong or...?
Would you recommend 22.5c 11/27 $1.24 premium?

I’m scared.
The algo sign
This is where I buy Nio puts. Right here
And the saddest part is that people pay it.
You can't be that dumb, if you are fuck off to winnie hut jr.
12/4 representing
wait a day or two
Amzn 3000p looks pretty tasty rn
Y’all need to learn that cash gang is the best trade most of the time. Quality over quantity.
Where tf is aapl going??
Li just makes hybrids. So does everyone else.
[deleted]
You rented a Ferrari
“I am a man of fortune, and I must yeet my fortune”
lol every time we sniff 352 we rocket up .50 on spy
Cisco puts are absolutely printing. I literally only got these for fucking earnings.
Fuck it, just sextupled down on BABA calls
Right and I know the basics but I’ve never bought an option so I’m hesitant. I bought shares at 41 with NIO so I’m holding so far
Really tired of hearing about NIO ~ the Walmart version of Tesla, poor mans luxury
Should I sell my palantir stonks for 10% loss ?
$280+ end of month
[deleted]
I think this is the real deal... we dumping no strength on the bounces rofl
No way over bought
Are we seeing SPY sub 340 again tomorrow or Monday?
He should change his first name to Bruce hehehe
UVXY back to 100 next week
You didn't.
We already know NIO has been beating expectations the last 6 months so..
Shares or calls?
Ouch.....those nio puts hurt seeing
[deleted]
hello ZM & PTON wake up pls you were doing so good earlier
Zero way around it
Long-term looks great.
We die together my brother
I swear I hate fucking AMZN STock.

AMZN investors be like: We dont like that you spend 4 billion on covid costs lets dump the stock

few days later: We dont like the covid vaccine muhhh dump it.

Today : Covid cases rising again dump the stock folks.
ZOOM JUST MOON
What’s up with GTEC?
is stimmy talks dead
If you’re happy with gains and don’t want to hold it anymore then yes. Otherwise no.
cringe
[deleted]
SPY fool
Airlines gonna dump tomorrow.
[deleted]
Which calls?
Hello VXX my old friend
But why? Please explain? Because of Theta? Because I wouldn’t be surprised if the shares were selling at 10$ tomorrow.
we gonna drop below 352
You are stupid as fuck
When the chart zooms out so it can go higher
nah ez W
The day SPY chart is insane and looks like a fucking comb lmao
Not to be a dick, but I kinda know what I'm talking about.
Just hopped on NIO train
50C 11/20
Hey fellas check out the Europoor ova hea!
Did you also skip on buying amazon stock? :(
I was playing PLTR thinking it was the safe spot to park my money today since earnings are after hours. Thought I’d benefit from a nice pump right before. Looks like I should’ve picked NIO instead . SMH
Hows Jan 2023 CCL 2.5C for a savings account?
FSLY calls making up for my NIO puts
alright do i hold onto my etsy 12/24 125c?
I was thinking the same because they're all so cheap, but this stock is litterally diamond hands
Still holding these NIO $45 calls, the retards that were saying NIO $50 no longer look that retarded. Still retards though
i am so sad that i sold my 11/13 $43 NIO call for $1.26 yesterday
This shit needs to end, drop to the depths of the earth or go to 400 already
Im so scared holding this 11/20 LI 50 call for earnings bros w no day trades (pdt). Hopefully i can get out at open tomorrow lol
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   50.0|7.3|7.65|7.55|3.33|122.976%


NIO 50.0C 2020-12-24 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2jnti&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
It’s okay we’re making money everywhere else today
fools gold
NIO, LI, and XPEV helping many of you break even today
Let's pinky promise now to buy when it gets that low. People get scared and don't actually do it.
NIO really hates bears and gay people (I know it’s one and the same)
[https://i.ibb.co/txXHKRS/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/txXHKRS/image.png)

SPY 12/18 336p for approx $2,000,000 just came in

Plus a bunch of 349p for tomorrow
Take profit
why not?  shit is worthless anyway
Xpev is Fuckin pumping boys. Bought calls today when it was up 25%. Call me retarded
Lol little bummer I sold my 46s too early as well
Sell OTM calls when you’re profitable to lock in profits
I did the same on my 1/15/21 $290s
Volume down hella on spy, people scared
Holding one more day on my 11/20.
I just bought NIO $50c 12/24 am I dumb?
[deleted]
Oh it ain’t over yet. Hold tight!
That clarifies what I've been trying to understand about the extent to which the overnight market was driving things. I knew they hedged but didn't realize any significant portion of it was overnight.
I’m holding til SPY 300
IV crushed 5 months out? Lol
NIO $50 will look silly tomorrow when its somewhere around 100...
Remember that scene in Kinpin where Woody H is throwing cash above himself on a hotel bed? Yea that's what I think of when ppl mention Trevor..
A red day ends, a red wine opens.....
Is it really a yolo if it’s Nio tho
BA wanted to break out 2 hours ago but then SPY happened... BA 185 EOD
I would tend to agree with you good sir
Damn this is so bullish. Also retarded. I don’t understand why BKNG holdings isn’t going down with the rest of the travel stocks. Who the fuck is FOMOing into this?
wtf how does it jump .50 after touching 352
These NIO gains are making me wet
I know better
Sell half keep half
I was gonna short it it’s been tanking the past few weeks!
Stonks only go up bro
We really shutting down again? Or is this just logical speculation?
Not I said the fly
Dow down 400+, Chinese stocks up 20-30%. 

Kam and Joe delivering on their promises
💰 meet 🔥 

It has ER next week. Doubt the momentum dies off till then and you need a cliff dive, not a pullback
Cash account. Still has limits to settle.
markets are just pumping and dumping since september

SPY 350 forever
They just ipo’d. Let me guess you were to scared to get into NIO and Tesla too? You want to buy every stock at 0$???
lol it is, i believed in amzn, its even worse there
what was that on spy. Touched 351 and superhulked
Mines all red how do you unlock green?
AMC
Buy back?
SPXS Printing
What the hell happened to PLTR
[deleted]
Pretty happy I sold out of PLTR yesterday and picked up a handful of SPY puts.

It feels nice because every other time I got spooked and sold I lost 50%
UVXY going crazy, up 10%
Ban
True Life: I Keep Buying BABA and My Asshole is Obliterated, Episode 370
Convince me UBER is not overvalued. It's a joke.
Nios really gonna test 50 today...
Hi SPY 299p, remember me?
Yes!
[deleted]
Same but I think it's only going up member Tesla and people who try betting against Papa Elon. Plus earrings are next today after hours so who knows?
Present.
payment already received
Up 100% on UVXY $16 11/27 calls, anyone selling or diamonds hands on more sell off?!
Stop trying to play ER the day before when it's hella green. If u wanted to play Li ER ur chance was earlier this week
But the magic crayon said 353 was the number. What is this 352 shit.
Damn PDT.. any way around it with smaller accounts without having to have 25k+ in each?
Just do it pussy
Omg I’ll nut on you if it does
Financials bringing down the whole market 👌 thanks guys
The moment he thought the camera was off him, he was at baseball game, sitting shoulder to shoulder with friends, sans mask.
[deleted]
Wtf was that pump
No we don't, mister penis.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   50.0|1.11|1.13|1.13|1.01|119.188%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 50.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 50.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 9 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2jihg&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
That's what I said
I think you could wait for it to drop a little if you want to get in long term
You'll know better next time
It just did, where’s this hard drop?
I was up on them about 20% at one point, but you're right that I should have been out.
lol the 352 support is absurd
Vaccine is not going to roll out for almost a year.  How can I short mental health?
WE DID IT 351 !!!! BEARS RISE
Amazon and Apple are stuck in these ranges forever
You think?
Oh yeah, it's totally normal to sell 60% of your shares when you're months away from releasing a product with a 7 billion person customer base.
NIO 11/13 50c for free money!!
Rip WSBer who fomo into PLTR this morning.

Hopefully ER saves you if you have the balls to hold thru
...what do you think "see" means?
Sold NIO at $44.5 today and now I want to cry
I get so much more excited for my puts when you guys start panic spamming about support
Tech sell off accelerating, catching up to the rest
Green at least.
William Li is the type of guy who has the last name of his competitor’s company just to mess with everyone
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
BABA   290.0|5.7|5.85|5.75|-1.12|43.715%


BABA 290.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2jgmb&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I am scared of XPEV.  If NIO’s number is bad on 11/17, both XPEV & NIO will dump
I wouldn't


Good chance you'll get assigned
Why would SPY go up? Didn't Jpow say party's over?
Hmmm why?
Any PLTR bag holders?
[removed]
Nio is cool, but its riding off of XPEV coat tails today.. thats the real $$
They have been lol
Disney earnings could be a Hit or Big Miss! 😅
Oh god I wish.
Green tomorrow I promise you
Lol honestly
I’m straight up not having a good time
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/peerlessphatass the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tripled down BABA 12/18 290C
I’m up a bunch on mine. Bought a few 348s with my remaining buying power yesterday
Nio 52c 13/11 ?
I don’t know what the amount of money, or how many bears, got obliterated buying puts/selling calls/shorting NIO on the dip to 38, but I know it was a lot.
[deleted]
Dude you called it and it mooned. 

I bought in, but like my earlier comments show, my paper hands kicked in and I ended up converting it into a spread.

I'll still make a profit, but not as much as if I had held.

Just wanted to thank you for the play. 

I appreciate it, bro.
Sell
NIO doesn’t care about the market dump. Who dares short this retard strength?
Lol just out here outta day trades, hoping nio and spy keep doing what they're doing til morning.

Never bought a spy put in my life til 9am. IMO nothin gay about buying puts on 4 YR Lockdown Joe
Um. Wrong ticker
Looks like they hit over $48 today so I'm sure he'll be fine
Literally doesn’t matter. Just more entertaining
LI is going to take NIO and XPEV along with it tomorrow. NIO 50+ tomorrow
instead of selling my retarded FD's, i accidently bought more. RIP
Still going to be changing lives when rug is pulled
This is the way
vix up 9%? sell leaps?
Just realized Dow J was down 1.3% as well lol
F
$SPY calls 3:59
I was going to sell my calls before PLTR earnings but this -7% feels ugly. Still in the green, they're long term calls, will probably hold.
in what range did you set your trailing stops?
Mfw I’m balls deep in puts: 😈
I'm always going to hate the month of September after what the market did to me this year
[deleted]
Resistance at 352
Boomers with 1.3m saved for retirement

Wsb autists taking out a second mortgage for TSLA calls
lmfao i just sold i thought it was gonna drop ima get back in on next dip
Fuck. I always get the wrong direction
Apple is a long term stock. NIO is going to moon up to Wednesday
I’m just holding and buying more after post-earnings IV crush
This is de way
-1.27% good dd
~~I’ll buy nio at 30~~

~~I’ll buy nio at 35~~

~~I’ll buy nio at 40~~.   

~~I’ll buy nio at 45~~.   

I won’t buy nio I guess
DIS 138/137 put debit spreads...book it!
💎 🙌
im up 73% on vxx puts and posted about it yesterday
You’re saying I’ll be successful
i love Gyna
Forbidden tendies
Good luck friend.
US 10Y 👀. DXY 👀. Bond and treasury markets were closed yesterday. The big boys are back in the saddle
Guys wtf i went all in on MIO last night, no one told me it was fucking NIO WTF...🤦
Sigh
ITS OVER PLTR!!!!!!!! END IT. 

Position: short Dec 11 $15C
[removed]
The rug pull is coming for damn sure. Am I willing to fight the trend and buy puts—hell no.
Look at Mr.MoneyBags with shares
[deleted]
short it, fvrr has the wildest swings
Really? After it's gone up 32% today and 117% in the last month - now is the time to get in?

Wtf
Nah, that takes balls and we all know *General Tso's chicken*
[deleted]
nio is psycho
Don’t worry, it can’t go down if you don’t sell
BABA is dead pull out now
GE will double your portfolio. All in $8p
Even better is turn them into a spread, get some premium back and still have skin in the game
[removed]
Holy shit take me to Puthalla
FSR feels like a long tbh
You owe him a blowjob
Up 350% on my spy Fd puts lol LIMIT DOWN TONIGHT
When did you buy in?
I hope you lose all your money and then get hit by an electric vehicle
Red Thursday's green Friday's.
At this pace 80
Last week I got my instant deposit recalled because I didnt have money in my bank account.  Now my all time is green ($4000 total) thanks NIO.  Conversion therapy worked on this 🌈🐻
11/13 50c get on the tendie train!
If you're asking us you're doing it wrong.
Poop. I sold for a massive loss. Should have checked the news before buying I think
Just sold now, 4 $50c 11/20's. Gonna try to ignore NIO till after earnings next week.
There will be another one next year. This year we had like 100 companies that exploded in value. Next year we will have them too. Dont worry
Like I don’t think people understand..NIO is literally CHANGING lives
jeez
Atta boy!
Yeah you'd think an exercise bike would be worth more than $25 billion right?
Hold it’s going to pump before earnings
I hope PLTR does tmro what Xpev is doing today
What happens if spy breaks 352, bounce or plunge?
 Ps5 selling on eBay for prices you could get a better pc for
Too much LSD will cause you to think unclearly.  Focus, focus, focus.....stick to your light shows and dropping acid.  You'll come out ahead amongst your peers as the most successful 40yr old living in your mother's basement.
Fuck I’m holding
Why do so many of you pussies need your hand held?
wait til sleepy joe gets into office and we lose that privilege
If it tanks on earnings maybe, Mouse is a stubborn bitch during trading hours
Wait till eod
MIT Status
It drops below 352 it’s gonna drop hard
doubling down on PLTR after the dip fuggit
You’re not wrong
I had a feeling to yolo it at lunch when $50c was at .60 but my tiny dick didn’t do it. Still getting some money though
Me: "I should buy in."

Also me: "But if I do, it'll immediately tank."
Buy during tomorrow's dip. Go long this time.
[deleted]
Well my concern would be it’s just too obvious of a play rn. But the fundamentals would certainly suggest this is a good move though, maybe with longer dated expirations.
I'm about 99% certain I just bought NIO at the top.
💎🙌
Someone stop this dumping already. Im high and can’t react this fast! Fucking market makers
We all hold it’s going to continue going up
Should I buy more? Or am I just being a greedy asshole.
Bonds are too risky. Rotating to NIO calls to be more conservative.
Where we started: Covid will be gone by Easter, summer heat will kill covid, covid will be gone after the election

Where we are at: Covid will be gone by February

The truth: That shit wont be handled anytime soon because Americans are full of anti mask and antivax individuals.
Now I got hold PLTR thru earnings. Turned my shit to mush.
Sne 100c 6/21
Please, tell us that you fucking cashed in
PLTR I was RELYING ON YOU
I want the market to crash, it's more fun
Now buy puts
Yes daddy
Bought at 3.84. Still holding
Yes insane
Just staying out if nio. This is crazy. I literally have 17k but can’t throw it in. If I lose it, might rope
Worried the run up today prices in good earnings for LI and NIO. Or sets up a big correction if LI misses
Credit markets
I got shares and am holding. Still long on the company
I predicted 1:48pm ET, but at this rate it will be way before then!
Just buy it. So what if it drops 10% tomorrow? You only have to wait a day and you’re green again
Positions or ban.
NIO is the second coming of our saviour 🙏 
He doesn’t care about the market and those who believe in him are blessed
Why shouldn’t I ditch some of my AAPL shares for NIO? AAPL is completely dead
What does any of that have to do with NIO though? China isn’t locking down again and their demand for EVs is only going to grow.
I’ve got a $47c for EOW. Should I hold or sell before close today?
So... we should buy in.
Hahaha, you definitely belong here my friend
Never bet against momentum
Didn’t realize axp is so resilient. Going to have to spread these puts
i forgot nio is a universe unto itself and took profits on that lunch dip.     Go on without me, I'll hold off the savages from here.
I may be retarded but I’m not dumb
Anyone following XPEV?
Why the fuck did i see all of my putsssss
i agree
You hear something or you just talkin?
NIO is the new retards strength of Tesla

On a funnier note I miss those jokes where you guys said "Trevor is the type of guy......" 

Good times.
Veni, Vidi,  ~~Vici~~ Veni.
The more $SPY drops the harder China EVs moon
Lol I sold 10 leaps yesterday eod. AMA.
I’ll buy NIO calls everyone buy the dip it’ll go back up once I sell
XPEV is just retarded strong on up days
I'm kicking myself for not playing PDD with singles day.  They got a LOT of US news coverage yesterday.
Spy DUMP
All my holdings already down so much, they're not even dropping right now. 🤡
$45  XPEV? 😳
We doing LI for earnings or what
Wow this is crazy
nio price tmr?
Literally every time I've thought Nio peaked in the last 2 weeks and sold, I regretted it an hour later and had to buy back in at a higher price.  I'm just holding until the last minute before earnings now.
I’m wet
Hold on, gonna pump until earnings
Check it son
NIO and XPEV have just started a marathon folks. Buckle up!
I’d guess it will be almost 100% dependent on what LI reports, but I’d expect AM profit taking, regardless
Obviously NIO
NIO acting as autistic as it's shareholders (us)
PLTR down probably from all the autists selling before earnings lol
Please universe, let me pick 1 stock that fucking moons!
Buy in with a small position. Goes down no biggie. Goes up and you're happy
Tech has hit its floor, can only go tits up from here
GET OUT OF THE WAY CUCKS. NIO TRAIN PLOWING THROUGH. GET ON OR GET RAN OVER 🚂😤🚂😤🚂😤
Yea, they can definitely being hedging then, but they have a tendancy to do it overnight. During the March crash, all those limit down days were really the MMs hedging for all those puts they've been writing. 

Same thing happened in the inverse. Once the puts they wrote were no longer an "issue" for the MMs, they began to cover their shorts in the overnight session, leading to the limit up days.
Yup
It’s up 12% too high probability of another green day
Go with your gut feeling you weak fuck
I owned 789 shares of NIO a year ago. Oops
Bruh have you not seen nio and Tesla pimp for weeks? Did you not read there q3 earnings? This gem is just getting discovered, this company has cheap, solid cars, backed by the government, and expanding rapidly. This is just the beggining
Biontec!!
Thinking so too
Honestly, idk but you hear people say never touch options unless you know what you are doing. Obviously that's not me, I'm learning as i go with costed me more than half of my account and I'm still trying to break even. But I get where you're coming from, this is like a once in a lifetime stock so I leave you with how earnings are tuesday and xpeng is up 33% and upwards because of good earnings. So imagine when Nio reports good earnings.
A bunch of my contractors in Shanghai have one.
[deleted]
Institutions Buying NIO now.
what, fr?
Need more cash for NIO purposes. venmo me
I have a Chinese electrified erection right now
Same here. I bought right at the top today smh. All I can do is hold
Fuck you to whoever scared me off of my NIO calls
Nope. Cant have a crazy price to earnings if you have no earnings.  Genius
90% of my portfolio in NIO shares let’s GOOO🚀🚀
Thoughts on FD straddle NIO? Or wait til EOD
Yooo at this rate it’s hitting 50+ by end of day or after hours
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ZM   500.0|3.8|4.0|3.9|1.75|89.883%


ZM 500.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 2 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2j190&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
lmao
Roblox when it IPOs
Is TSLA dead
at least it isnt downnn down, i was sweating at 258
Sold my positions already but had 23c and 24c both 12/24
[deleted]
Not yet, no. Without tax credits neither is TSLA...so...
11/20 500c ZM yolo
I wanted to invest my freefunds today in Nio, Niu, Xpeng. But now I'm waiting for a dip. I dont want to jump on FOMO train for the ride down.
Ban
Yeah, like every other day this summer for TSLA
damn sold my SQQQ calls too early smh
[deleted]
Holy shit I hate myself for selling my NIO calls this morning
Tesla a couple months ago
Peak autism DD 👏🏻
RIP to both of us, Fren.
how does it feel to look down between your legs and see nothing there?
Thinking of going all in on BABA tomorrow eod, IV is crushing everyone and their momma and it’s looks so tempting
r/smallstreetbets
Xpeng 1st ever earnings reported good, nio def gonna report off the fucking charts to the moon good
r/smallstreetbets
May god rest your hole. In your account.
no
[deleted]
This could drop to 350 if selling volume just picked up a touch.
This is the worst. Feel your pain bro. Its like lighting a cigarette with straight cash.
🇨🇳
PLTR down before earnings means up after earnings

logic
You gotta start pushing the Xbox man, until GameStop and Sony announce a deal
XPEV
I went from -700 to +124, dont buy SERNO
People have long forgotten about PDD but it’s up 20% too
Stop asking for bulls help on SPY. You put a vegetable in charge of the free world. We are shorting all your favorite cuck brands. BYND will never see the light of day
Profit is profit!
You’re the second person to tell me that, I may just have to dive in.
Still is
Don't do it. Sell one instead. The mouse don't like options buyers. He rapes them...hard...no lube
Yeah I cut half already and will probably just finish it off rn
Why would you be glad you closed your puts if it’s drilling? Honest question because I have many puts.
If I decided to go into NIO when I put my money into GME I'd be back even now
NIO is about to smash through 49 within the hour
They will still be dead after that too
Disney to 130 anyone??
listen to me and sell **PLTR**
That’s part of it. And the space. And Pfizer being pretty garbage in the past. I honestly can’t hear much anymore over the sound of the printing of tendies
Plan on holding through earnings?
who here even has a nio?
maybe PLTR dropping in advance on earnings cos everybody knows their earnings are gonna be shit, maybe buy some puts before close?
I keep thinking it’s too late to buy NIO and then it just goes up even more which reinforces my idea of it being too late and then it goes up again. Fuck I wish I had some balls.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
XPEV   45.0|4.15|4.25|4.15|3.37|157.303%

**Unusual option activity detected on the XPEV 45.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

XPEV 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2iwgo&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
You piece of shot PLTR
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mostly shares. I threw in 5 contracts for $16 C 11/20 for fun, which is looking likely that they will expire worthless. We'll see.
[deleted]
But the rumor sell the news?
NIO has been tracking roughly half the gains in percentage of XPEV. So yeah, 50 EOD is likely
Show your gains on the sell off then

If you are predicting the market moves accurately you should be rich in no time
omggg. I feel the same way man. Fuck it though, you’ll bounce back
Nio might dip, but not untill next Thursday
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2020-12-12 18:21:49 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-12%2018:21:49%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsuiz3/hope_you_retards_been_buying_corsair/gc2itj4/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjsuiz3%2Fhope_you_retards_been_buying_corsair%2Fgc2itj4%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-12%2018%3A21%3A49%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jsuiz3)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Bought some XPEV 45c 11/20 this morning for .65, they are now almost itm, singlehandedly bringing me back to breakeven, and I don’t have any day trades smh
It’ll happen at $60

Maybe I should bet on that, and be a bear
NIO just dont stop!!!  Have you ever seen anything like this?  😂😂😂
 NIO another ATH
Is nio profitable?
Parties coming to $XPEV. Hop on in
V V V
NIO
[deleted]
NIOOOO GUHHHHHHH
profit is profit be happy it wasn't red
When I asked you guys what to do with my last 100 someone said XPEV calls. Someone else said SPY puts so I decided on two 348 Puts 11/13. I really wish I went with XPEV (would’ve been 500 bucks on the 40C)
Getting NIO right makes me feel like Im actually going to turn my $5000 into 1 million but then I remember Im actually retarded and will lose it all on my next autistic trade.
Thank you for your service
Real patriots buy dips until insolvency
Seems to be the trend with most positive ER lately lol
Ackman the billionaire pretty boy who tried shorting Herbalife? I’m all in before even hearing the play
No volume at all, i cant get off to this
How is it going ytd?
DIS call or put?
Nio quickpayed me 13k
Seconded. We got gypped by the lizard overlord.
To play some puts for the inevitable drop after earnings for PLTR (regardless of the results, kang market), should I buy 11/13 or 11/20 puts?
Pics or ban.
!remindme 1 month
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/boiseairguard the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Proof or ban
remember it only takes one tweet to blast spy to 360
Made fat stacks with NIO but damn now those premiums really do be looking too high
The selloff was predictable
feels
/r/smallstreetbets is that way
We care about cases again
Earnings are 11/17 so those FDs have 0 chance
If you want a trade that involves some getting your hands dirty, PLC programming in an automated manufacturing setting will guarantee really good employment for a long time to come. A two year Associates degree in robotics from a community college will get your foot in the door at most factories and you will probably have to do some light maintenance for a couple of years, but if you're good with programming and touch-up you'll be doing that very fast because there's a big shortage of qualified people right now. Master PLC programming (especially if you work up to SCADA systems, central control for all the various systems plantwide), and you'll *always* have work. 

Game design is good too, if you have more creative skills. Learn the Unity game engine and C# programming and you can get $50k with a couple of years experience, or design and release your own games and be self-employed. There are other game engines out there, but Unity looks like its market share is growing. And it's really versitile.
Market is pricing in lockdown announcements tomorrow that will not happen. There will probably be 2 week “go slow” requests before thanksgiving. Buy calls. For the rebound. 355 11/20
Nah bro I’m kinda with you. Wanna greed and flip my call gains into puts expiring tomorrow. Kinda scared of the retard strength but sheesh over 50 seems premature for a sell off Friday like it’s done the last 3 weeks.
its going to break 49 holy shit squeeze my nuts i think im dreaming
I keep thinking “ok this is it for NIO” but noooo shit keeps going and I keep missing out.
Just bounced out. Lost 50%. Made it up with NIO, but fuck off BABA forever.
Yo, is there going to be a Chinese auto pullback tomorrow? Or is this going to continue through Li and Nio earnings. Looking for opinions.
Run up then dump, then car numbers report at end of the month will make it rip again 2x harder
Jeeez PLTR earnings could be make or break
PI
Just bought a sacrificial put. Usually market reverses my actions. You’re welcome guys
buy the dip yet? lol got stopped out on my calls... kept dipping lol
I own NIO LI and XPEV. I hope so buddy!
NIO continues to rocket while the market goes down. Just imagine when SPY starts to go up... gonna be a full blown volcanic eruption
Selling puts now or holding till tomorrow?
More leverage
yo I had 60 x SPY 353P 11/13 that i bought at $1.2 and sold at $.83 a couple of hours ago. Currently sitting at $2.5 each. Fml.
Lmao so you can get blown out premarket tomorrow
it will be 50 pre market tomorrow morning and the boomers will still say its a false flag
Taxation is theft
Whole world is crying.....NIO LOL you baby....
Pathetic SPY pump. PATHETIC
who the hell is being a hero saving DRI from drilling with spy?
RIP
lmfao every 1W chart looks like Michael J Fox got a crayon
nio the only thing making me smile td
Or lambo. Or both. 🤟
NIO and XPEV are just unreal
Isn't that why SPY dropped in conjunction with VIX rising?
Gyna
whats going on with PLTR
352 rejected, back up we go
More for us
Remember when you bought puts last time it pulled back some? Don’t make that mistake again
I bought these 50c yesterday thinking "Maybe right before earnings it'll hit 50." Looks like it wants 50 TODAY.
Have you not seen the past two weeks🤣??? Do you not call that a pump
xpev is so fucking ridiculous but i’m only in for $650 of shares
I bought shares. They're down. What about tomorrow?
PLTR you were the chosen one
Gtfo that ain’t happening
sold nio too early but my CSCO put is working out... meh
V SHAPE TOO EASY
In case y’all missed it, Ackman said earlier this week that another big short opportunity might happen.
What’s the news then? The -60c shit, are governments really so broke that they can’t afford a fucking freezer?
Thank you for the DD
BABA can suck my cock and balls and nuts
I’m scared. Do you have any positions?
Who’s saturated the market with what? And no..... you’re very misconstrued. Momma and daddy ain’t buying Lil jimmy a RTX 3080 because Jim bob streamed with one. Corsair is very affordable and a top brand.. The gaming industry is for people 18-35 who pay for their own shit, not with momma and daddy’s money
1/15/22 50c
VIX up 11%
[removed]
Another bull trap here
Many small money make big money
Why didnt you half and half
[deleted]
America would be a a dictatorship because he lost, so I think people would be kinda pissed
Didn't they unveil positive results of new cancer research?
Oh fuck, this drill is getting choppy.... Hold on
China banning gasoline only cars by 2035

https://asia.nikkei.com/Business/Automobiles/China-plans-to-phase-out-conventional-gas-burning-cars-by-2035
Stock market infinite money glitch! Nio only going up! Forever!
Wtf is Square down after that fucking magical quarter
It knows no chill!
Triple top baby you love to see it 😁😁
JPOW has commanded Red.
[deleted]
[deleted]
i love it
waiting for that NIO dip like 🤡
big fat F, even when market try to shove gains in your pocket, u don't want them..
Brother I kangaroo sold 100 shares this morning at 16.69 and bought back in around 15.18ish or something. Good call on the kangaroo play!
If you’re the right kind of autist.
lol knew once I sold my 355P it was a dumb idea :( ahhah fuuck me missed out on extra 100%
Every other time its dipped it recovered by the open so this is basically shitpost
Lol, just accept the L already
No one will be mad because it’ll never happen.
We weren’t kidding when we said NIO 50eod
I wonder if earnings/nio day are gonna make ppl secure and dip out or if it’s just gonna continue rising regardless
SPY down but my portfolio of Chinese tech stonks don’t care!
ER today after close. My call depends on it..and my shares..
Ah mine expires early though so makes sense.
I have to learn Japanese. The cursing in anime’s express way better my feelings during trading as German or English
Fuck man I need it. I e been getting raped on my puts all week
Bro nio lmao chill haha
Nio holding so strong.
never seen anything like this
DO YOU THINK JACK MA IS A JOKE. watch
They missed last two earnings and suspensions/cancellations have been popping up all over. What makes our think they'll beat this time?
There’s other factors bud
SHHHH DONT TELL ANYONE
[Marketstream.io](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
[deleted]
I only bought 17 shares XD
PLTR fuck you
for some reason, my Li puts are also paying lol
Gonna buy a Nio with these NIO gains
fuck, sold nio this morning at 47.50 shit! still made 300% tho
48.64
Holy fuck if I was him I’d take a shit on my boss’s desk and leave in my new lambo
I made and lost too much money from their events. The one from this week, my strangle was too loose and I lost both directions
Why UVXY vs VXX?
I’m with you bro. Lock in those gains. It has to go up for the next 3 hours and stay up in the morning for you to make more than you have now.
352 is strong
both =(
PLTR 20C expiring tomorrow. fuck it
really regret selling my NIO shares at $44
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326939837669249024

New York thinking about closing schools.
Dude sell those things... They stood 0 chance from the beginning. Way too far OTM for that exp date
CAlls bought this AM for nio are a ten bagger already
You can’t be fr😭💀 xpev only started pumping today, literally just the beginning
Mustang sucks
Losses are already caked into the price. park closures have peaked with paris closing. Asia is relatively clean as it relates to covid and florida hasnt seen a spike yet it covid rates. Disney world already has its lower than expected park attendance built in too. You’ll need a slowdown in subscriber growth for it to move significantly
[deleted]
Don’t make the exceptions the rule...
Is Nio the new safe haven?
Losing it all is ?
There is nothing casino about the RH app, You are just a legitimate retard.
Maybe. 

But not today.
FUV
XPEV good earnings inspired confidence in the market
fuk i konw
Yesssir
I RATHER THE MARKET ACTUALLY MOVE EVEN WHEN I LOSE MONEY RATHER THAN THE WHACK MOVEMENT AT OPEN
Yeah!!
Goodnight fuck.
Please sweet baby jesus
Hold them to 10-12k man
Ban.
BJ - Gets dumped on vaccine news because nobody will need wholesale supplies anymore.
BJ - Gets dumped on rising Covid news, because nobody is going to shop at physical stores anymore.
Talk about an oversold stock. JFC
It’s more likely to remain flat this week then drop tomorrow. Next week who knows but I’m pretty sure people are setting up for long with Stimulus talks about to resume
You’re getting IV crushed. IV dropping on all BABA options. Good sign IMO, maybe this shit will be allowed to go up.
Bulls step in.
RIP my PLTR planned day trade. Fuck.
Nio let’s go bby
no one wants these calls lol, such little volume
FVRR making highs for the day while NQ is making lows.
i think its got legs, rn its a meme stock but earnings are coming up on 11/17 so maybe a small pull back or they could hit and go parabolic, think the entire pump is just based off Biden presidency with relaxed china tensions
Lol no..drill back to 330s
I don’t know what this is but I’m in
Li xpev and nio are out of control.  Tesla is like a POS compared.  The wsb has forgotten about it
.89 x 100 x 6 = ?
*guh.*
Yes of course. Did you see what happened with XPEVs earnings? This is in spite of mixed earnings. They missed EPS but their revenue beat was huge. NIO should outperform XPEV. 60+
That is some strong selling.
NIO calls gonna be able to buy me the new PS5
Then just sell
350 EOD - 345 EOW
50 SOON

THEN 100
Nio
Easy money, Pltr puts
Until we get a new president in like 2 months
Same I lost 459 $ on it my account was only with 2.9k took a hit on that. But my spy puts finna print I moved on
lol fake dip, shit volume
NIO has 49 in its sights
It’s all about the long run after this. there’s no going back
Maybe I should have bought NIO instead of PLTR
All the gay bulls cheering VXX, VXX, VXX. Time to shine
The chinamen are gonna rugpull NIO so hard and all you RH wagies fomoing in thinking it will be your golden ticket out of rentcel purgatory are gonna be hustled hard
Now just do the opposite of what you did and you'll be back to 65k in no time.
Finally! I am tired of sideways movement. Jump off a cliff or launch to fucking 400 spy!
Ok retards. I actually did some research into EV demand and outlook in China.

The key to EV growth and demand in China is not tied to price of a gasoline powered car vs. EV, it has to do with regulations in China.

In China, apparently, there is a lottery system to obtain a license plate for a gasoline powered car. Not only is it expensive to obtain a license plate, even if you want one, it’s not guaranteed. And even if you somehow win the lottery and get a license plate, and pay the high cost to obtain one, you can only drive a gasoline powered car on certain days (i.e. odd numbered days etc). This restriction is in place to limit congestion in China.

But with EVs, there are no such restrictions right now. Obtaining a license plate is much easier than a gasoline powered car. There is no restriction on driving days. Everything is cheaper, including parking. That’s what’s driving the demand for EVs in China. Also the EV penetration rate in China is at 5% right now and it is potentially the biggest EV market in the world.

So LONG TSLA, XPENG, NIO, etc
Selling Nio early hurts but profit is profit
Ok PLTR now wtf
spy and nio both to 320
PLTR tanking back down to $9 by EOD tomorrow
10 bagger or bust on my XPEV calls. Half way there!!!!
Abort abort 🩸🩸🩸🩸
No, they have earnings Tuesday. So buy tomorrow  once they dip a little bit.
XPENG MISSES EPS BY DOUBLE AND GOES UP 30%!?!?! WHAT IS THIS MARKET!!! *FLIPS THE FUCKING TABLE*
NIO and DIS only thing keeping my account from completely blowing up
Didn’t they have huge recall the other day
Record case ZOOM PLEASE GO UP
Most of us can only afford one
climb baby climb
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ds31415 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I've made such an obscene amount of money holding UVXY shares that it feels more like an options play
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   52.0|0.51|0.52|0.51|0.45|119.732%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 52.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 52.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2ic85&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
PLTR Drilling
It’s over for bul
Look up to the sky. See the moon? See the blue sky around it? Man up, grab your nuts, sell your house, and go all in.

You will thank me later.
OH NO BABY
idk lmao im just a retard
Who’s more delusional? Bulls or trump? I guess it doesn’t matter because they’re both retarded
Fuck it, I’m saying it. Biden has been AMAZING for the market.
I had 45 spy put weeklies and sold right before the dump for a loss to play it safe. Fuck me right?
PLTR Calls, moon inbound after tonight’s earnings
go get that bag then bro the fuck are u telling us for
NIO ATH every 20 minutes, like clockwork
calls or shares?
So 11/20 will do it you think? I am in already! Just wanna be sure haha
It’s funny how you guys wish for the circuit breaker days, but when they happened IV was so high that puts we’re only up like 60% those huge % swing days crushed options.
Lol
BER LORD J POW WHYYYYYY???????
I mean yeah but Nio has earnings soon...
Getting a PS5 is harder than the tech going down today.
Trust me. WSB took the "don't let your memes be dreams" concept to the maximum with the smooth brain meme. These brains are way smoother than anything you'd see on MRI.
you're basically asking if BABA will hit 270 by tomorrow lol
[deleted]
352 support strong af
[removed]
Nah you good, a lot better than the recent flood of people posting $100 gains
Always has been
take - or convert to spreads
V shape isn’t it ? 👀
 My puts will enjoy that
that was the move for some time... now not so sure.

if you wanna get rid of money, look into a charity or something
[deleted]
$KSS earnings play
Idk but BABA’s had me pinned face down for the last week
SHUT IT DOWN
Congratulations You’re retarded
It literally looks like money from all other stocks is sucked out and flowing into these EVs today.
yup still got them, will probably sell most of my puts before close, maybe keep 1 or two overnight
you still holding too?
I believe it
I don’t think I have ever clenched my asshole harder than in the last hour. Jpow, maybe buy me dinner before you try to fuck me next time
break 352 plz plz plz
Hold em baby
No. Im 24
When is their earnings? Usually a red day before ER actually indicates its gonna moon the next day. Its also relatively inexpensive
NO WAY XPEV and NIO DONT DUMP A BIT TOMORROW/... NO WAY I GOTTA SELL MY CALLS....
Don't underestimate the retard strength bud, so many retards here (including me)
How did you lose money on a stock that went up?
Don't be racist. A stock doesn't suck just because it's Chinese.
I’m down 8% at the moment.   Bought them at 45.75 and 45.15
All hail king bear fauci!!!
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   380.0|0.5|0.52|0.52|-0.27|17.701%


SPY 380.0C 2020-12-11 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2i9h9&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Not having day trades and having puts... fuck
bet, we already ridin
Why would you do that lmfao. You think you’re the rainmaker or something?
atta baby SPY
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/eljunbo809 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO puts right here. 

Super bearish ECB meeting.  COVID, LOCKDOWNS, NEW MINK STRAIN REALLY SPOOKED EURO FED LADY
That's yesterday's P&L. And honestly mate wouldn't know where to start. I got lucky back in Feb when a professional autist mate of mine told me about Nio, so I yolo'd a bunch of savings into it and have been riding the wave since.
It's going to come back huge IMO but timeline is unclear
the NIO haggots are even more annoying than the gay bears
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
I’m sitting at 200% on NIO. Tiny amount of shares, but it’s crazy.
personally, i use thinkorswim so it’d be a downgrade for me
We can open 345 tomorrow maybe or back to 355, me thinks a drop is more probable
XPEV options call volume is insane
I'm tempted for reals.
Baba bag holders in shambles.
NIO volume slowing
Why the heck isn’t AMZN going up
NIO 5/4 calls? Thanks for the DD
Seriously, you show me a dick worth sucking and I’ll suck it, enough with this small time bullshit
I know I’m hesitant but ppl keep saying that and Nio keeps saying fuck your logic?
I hope you didn’t get greedy and sold yesterday
CHIPS AND DIP BABY 👶
I honestly don’t know what to do with these NIO leaps at this point...
Stimmy talks dead
Might as well get them now. I bought puts at open this morning and after all run up I’ve still only lost $1 because they know it’s gonna dump
Need to get some calls on this meme format
I have credit spreads expiring tomorrow should I sell them before earnings today?
[deleted]
1% down and bears are rejoicing 

lmao bears been 2 greedy since monday its gonna bite back
Now this is fascinating to read. State-sponsored stock manipulation through social media. That is some incredible stuff.
What are you thing long term, in terms of price target? Any concerns with regard to the lock up?
What's the next Nio boiz?
Not as good as my 350p's!
[deleted]
I just found out that you can actually sell out of a really crappy options position and recover some amount, instead of just riding it all the way to expiring worthless.  Who knew?
Good, you made money
Shit is super swingy. I like it
we are memetic
I can’t believe I sold my Nio 39 calls for feb 21 for 100% profit, this was weeks ago but still fuck me
The feeling when you thought you bought the bottom hours ago, but market heard and sold all their positions.
You put in $32
how are fractional options not a thing yet @robinhoodsupport
[deleted]
The boomers hating
In china
Plus I still have tomorrow lol I’m almost tempted to grab another 4 at .25 to avg down since it hit a hard resistance and failed. 😂
imagine this going back to spy 320
Yea I noticed that also.  very low volume on SPY today
Pumps happen overnight more often than during the day. Sell that shit.
Depends on the expiration and strike
They said the same thing two weeks ago and it shot past 40
PLTR is gonna dump the day I bought it before earnings huh? I am not a smart man.
BUY THIS DIP
Strike and date?
Yo cuck.. I said biden gonna fuk u up in the ass if he won. He will most likely force a closure till mid spring. Dont matter if there's a vaccine if they file chapter 11. King Kong kunter
i tried to warn u guys good luck :/
Your all set for a fingerhut account approval.   Maybe even rent-a-center sweet deal on a TV
So done with it. Since Sep it hasn’t done anything
What the fuck did Jerome say? Or did the coup start?
Whats the next spy support
wtf man

i guess chinese EV is the safe haven
I wonder if this is the next Tesla or if it’s fake and gay
Last chance to grab NFLX calls at bottom. Just look at 3 month chart and tell me it’s not on course for a 5-10% day
That's the usual pattern, but times like today, when XPEV posted such good numbers, that the stock just mooons!
A lot of times people overthink some things. Are u a boomer by chance?
PLTR WTF. Jk nice dip
[removed]
Spxs calls are gonna print so big tomorrow
F
What’s happening bro? I believed you
The fudge just happened?
Am I crazy or does BABA look pinned to SPY today
Lol you’ll be good. It’s gonna close above 435
Remember NIO gang: ain’t no shame in locking in those gains now and sitting it out till after ER. Better to lose out in a bit if extra pump rather than being the chump holding the bag when the bubble bursts.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/WenisWinder the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
https://i.imgur.com/LzFQo30.jpg
Nice my UVXY calls from last week are only down 30% now
INTC calls must be down though right? I bought in the morning, it's already 15% down. fml
anyone who unironically stays on one team is retarded.

bears and bulls both have their days, and being a little bicurious is the true money maker
XPEV has been the kryptonite to BABA trying to shit on my profile ...
no
PTON you dense motherfucker
I thought retards get special college for free
Now I feel left out 😢... just sold my NIO calls
*Buying the dip intensifies*
Gimmick account that farms downvotes, look at the post history.
Will AAPL ever do something?!
Why?
Holy shit the chosen one
sell an OTM strike price on either call or put. For example, you bought a tsla call $420 13 nov 20, and it went up to $425. You could sell a tsla call $425 13 nov 20 contract to lock in the profit
i’m just mad i didn’t buy more XPEV
Almost half the shares outstanding of NIO though, so much lower market cap.
Guess I'll just hold until it reaches 420 maturity
that's one way to diamond hands
funny how market all of a sudden cares about COVID like no idiot in wallstreet saw this coming..ok
Dems are like shit Pfizer you should of waited till we won for sure, now we have to scare them again with fauci
If you want the real no bullshit WSB answer here :

When it's 355pm, look at the options and see if there is any that are cheap.. by cheap I mean like :

- try to buy 129 put November 20th

- try to buy 140 call November 20th

Then the real way you play earnings is after hours at 405pm, set your brokerage to buy "EXT" (extended hours) and wait for earnings to announce and then Disney will swing up or down really fast, and you can try to catch the pump, or short the top with shares and within 5 minutes you will be out of the trade with major profit or loss..

You want to trade shares afterhours and set to EXT for your order type and buy shares if it dips down a lot etc..
Massive
I wanna see it bounce at least 3 times. That's what I did with 357 and got puts and it's paid off so
Ah, I should've known SPCE had a high average IV level, since it is a meme stock after all.

Well I'm glad to know I got a value deal then.
Its a little cray but you could take 100 and turn it into 1000 potentially. It's def a bet on a big drop after ER and I'm skeptical
Retard*
yuppers if they werent weak monday or last week y weak now?  


c buying opportunity
I’d play it out the rest of the day and then see what tomorrow brings, 33% in a day isn’t super healthy lol
This whole sub has been pretty gay for a while, but the gayness has hit a new level with every other comment being about NIO
[deleted]
Be VERY careful with weed stocks, lost my shirt last year
If youre not loading up on vxx calls for next week you kinda deserve to lose money
they really did a hit job on baba
Correct, but prices are correlated and income flows into equity markets

Also CLOs cause ripples across fixed income markets, which would ripple across equity markets
Lol the only thing I bought puts in was NIO, where do I apply to die?
Should have sold my stupid cruise stocks when they were in the green on Monday 🤦‍♂️
You are so fucked lol good luck buddy.
AMZN hanging on a cliff😬
Look up to the sky. See the moon? See the blue sky around it? Man up, grab your nuts, sell your house, and go all in.

You will thank me later.
AAPL you fucking disappoint me
My BABA calls aren’t going to recover from this, aren’t they?
Absolutely not. Fuck that scam company.
No shit
Nio is the only thing up rn. Retard strength can only hold it up for so long.
bab vol so low, pdd just wrecking the game, jeez
This is EXACT repeat of moderna vaccine news in summer. Positive vaccine trials, market pumps hella, CEO dumps shares, market dumps 🥵
$46 was what JP valued it at. This is straight up FOMO
Sell now and rebuy even higher. Easy money
Let’s hope our time will come too. Godspeed.
Theres 2 components to an options value: instrinsic and extrinsic. An option only has instrinsic value when it is in the money and the value is the current price - strike x 100. This means that an option that it OTM has no intrinsic value but a lot of extrinsic value which is made up of the time till expiration. By exercising early, you give up extrinsic value. If you exercise on exp date, not much of a difference but again since there will be no timd left, no extrinsic value
I was trashing nio buyers literally just a few days ago and then I bought on the dip lol. You retards are smart sometimes.
Puts on $NIO at 3:59
Except for TSLA. Not that one.
An 8,500% gain is more than worth sharing on here, congrats.
Don’t do it
hoping it jumps before close but if not yes ill hold
Ps5
[deleted]
Nice. Why diversify if you are already holding the champion.
Small street bets
By golly xpev broke through their double top resistance
Yah? You buying shares? Making 4 year plays? Or are you playing weekly options w this lame justification. If you’re buying shares. Wrong sub.
I know the feeling. I sold $12 calls on my PLTR shares thinking it was going to stay between $9 - $11 for a bit.
SPY drilling but my buttPLUG staying in
lmao u act like MM need to actually work
I feel like idiot to buy 7k worth of calls. Though it's just 2.5% away from breakeven and expires in January, but I DON"T want to bag hold them, fuck!
Do we sell baba or hold till Friday? 270 C
Im freeeeeee !!!! Freee falllllin
Everyone has been complaining about how much we talk Nio.  Are you kidding me?   Why wouldn’t we talk about.  It’s up 2500% on the year.
Double bottom? Hope not
I'm too poor for NVDA calls lol
What a retarded strike price lmao. Sell ASAP before worthless
SPY 350 possible today?
I personally dont like holding my puts w profit overnight
I need apple down to $116 or lower, she’s being a stubborn cunt
Zoom gonna pop bigly tonight....
Why isn’t Apple following spy? 😂
At Augusta - tiger the 🐐
NIO is its own market!
Man the fuck up and put those 2k to work
My positions are 40% bear bets, 10% hedge, 10% lol, 40% cash.  I'm bi like that
Are you retarded
It’ll run up till then and dump after ER then work back to ath
It should cause analysis says 19 is the fair price in a small/medium time frame
That same retarded logic gets people in debt in the first place.
and some interns in france
NIO doesn't give a fck what the market does
is it ?
Don’t man, profit is profit!
So are we pricing in 2nd lockdown?
My Li leaps are up 150%, sell or hold through earnings?
this is mental bruh
june 8th
WTF.. short squeeze on the chinese ev.. nio,xpev, li !?!?

fucking tsla 2.0
Why did Stamps.com die so badly?
Pfizer? I 'ardly know 'er!
Thanks.
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/10/2123357/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Highlight-Data-on-Viaskin-Peanut-Treatment-Delivery-and-Patient-Experience-at-ACAAI-2020.html
yes
If S&P bounces off 351, buy calls!
AXP is rather resilient. Might go long here (start buying some and put collars on it - eat some premium with vix rising).
Unlimited power ⚡️⚡️
Yeah. 11/20 lotto calls, shares, and leaps. Not like I’m going to get any more assfucked by holding than I would be by selling right now lol
NIO dont give a fuck
I’m kicking myself for taking profits on my calls way to early
Dump is ending within the next five minutes. Prepare your calls! This shit gonna moon AF.
To sell these 11/20 Spy 333p or hold until tomorrow 🤷🏽‍♂️
Calls on BABA?
Rug Pull UNO Reverse Card
anybody still trusting ACB for a possible tenbagger next week?
ZM calls 

SPY puts
Not gonna lie, at this point I should rebrand my portfolio as Monty Pythons Flying Circus: The ministry of silly stocks.
Switch to webull its so much better. So many charts.
youll be fine
Distributor? I 'ardly know 'er!
I did today because of some autism suggesting it. Man's a fuckin hero
Market dumping, NIO pumping!
here comes the p(LTR)ain
The problem with the VIX being this high today is that when we go into the overnight session, MM's are going to be shorting the futures hella hard to hedge for all the puts they've been writing today.
[deleted]
Looking at this thread and I am seeing a lot of weak fucking hands today.
fauci coming in clutch with the kill on the bulls.
[deleted]
There there pal, if it makes you feel any better I don’t even have enough money for NIO calls. Just 20 shares of xpev and a dream.
I find it a lot harder to use and def wind up losing more money on ToS. And the feature where you have to login to place a trade is just retarded
Bulls r fuk bulls r fuk bulls r fuk ... but it’s ok you can still join the dark side
QQQ calls? 295 11/20?
You rotated out of tech? Be sure to rotate back in before it falls. Don't miss out on this chance to lose money!
And NIO breaks resistance again
BAGHOLDIN CREW F
Pfizer? I 'ardly know 'er!
Calls on china ev, puts on america aka spy 😂😂
That’s a good idea. I might sell some puts too
Checks rh: "Oh shit my entire watch list is drilling"

Checks nio: "oh we good."
[deleted]
up 40% on spy 350p 11/20. take profits or hold till tomorrow
dont ask me. 
i got banned from covid19 sub because I said printer goes brr
Lol it looks like my spy fds might actually print
Just drove past a huge GME distro in Kentucky with a Now Hiring sign on it. Y’all know what that means.
YUP  Make sure to buy both legs back tomorrow so you don't get assigned over the weekend.
Every one is gonna wake up in the morning with 50% of their portfolio being Chinese electric vehicle stocks.
Puts puts puts
Powell fuk market
Y’all holding her or drop it like it’s hot
don't beat yourself up homie
What is this "spy" thing you speak of?
China EV lol
The technicals and analyses 

+ are like horoscopes
I’ll be fine even if it drops to 12. I’m holding long term.
I bought ZM FDs earlier near the first dip... down 50% on those lol

Was going to rebuy my 405s but then ended up going for 445s like a duck lol hopefully it pumps EOD
Look up to the sky. See the moon? See the blue sky around it? Man up, grab your nuts, sell your house, and go all in.

You will thank me later.
CEOs sell here and there mate. And the dude pocketed only 5.5m, tiny fraction of daily PFE transaction. And CEOs have to disclose months before they sell their shares.
ALE B.A.B.A FDs expiring tmrw here

tricking the algos
I’m so mad I didn’t buy that 40C 11/20 yesterday...
And you’ll lose it all the next big bet you make.
Not holding my 345p past today but I hope you're right :D
NIO singlehandedly saved me today lol
When I think that I only bought 2000 NIO @ $18 just because I was pissed to have missed the TSLA rush last august!
I had some 1/15 90s as well but I got them mid October when amd was on a decent run and so it bled from $7 per share to $2 per share and I had to dump it since the CPU, GPU announcements, and earnings did nothing to slow the decline. Its been pretty hot and cold lately so I'm trying to avoid options in it since I always time things terribly. I'm a huge AMD bull too, but I only have so much capital lol
Don't buy the dip between lunch and 4 p.m.
I mean I think this is it’s low for the day and will pump on lockdown news
Smol pp dip
All the ups and downs, they made me stronger
Fuck. This shit is lame. Give me money or take my money! Super dumb.
INTC such a whore
Yes sir, you still holding?
Fsr to the moon
I bought at $3.84 and I’m still sitting on it... my only regret is that’s I didn’t buy more, what can I say as a struggling college student
"Market Makers are trying to steal your shares / options for cheap! Don't let them"

Me: ***\*Proceeds to diamond hands their portfolio to $0.00\****
insanely low volume on spy wtf
People have talked about all of these Chinese EV companies for some time now
its a sign..dunno of what but it is a sign definitely
a trap that catches either bears or bulls
Fuck yeah!!! Its flying
Is it too late to learn about options for NIO
PLTR had to take a breather before running to 30
SPY $0 eow
Think it will actually blow up?
PROOF?
Sorry to yourself tomorrow
In b4 v shape recovery
might as well at this point unless theres a runup before close
I used photoshop
Being logical lol
NIO shaved off 10% of my all time losses this week.
NIO
[deleted]
Has to be a copy pasta.  No way someone says something this cringe
How do I take profits on a call position if I dont have any day trades left? Sell the same date call for 1 strike higher? So would be 1 strike lower for puts?
The only safe place in the market right now is Chinese EVs apparently
48.76
Bought but sold already.  Profit is profit I guess.  Will look for an entry again
XPEV LETS GO
You still holding?
Why do you think that's happening?
Nice man! I lost 300. But made 2500 on nio so 🤷‍♂️ like I said was only a lotto ticket. They were 700 each yesterday so if it collapsed back I was gonna make like 1-2k on $300. Glad you hit bb!
Americann the new Sundial???
Zoom gonna pop bigly tonight...easy money!!
Nothing
Bear king Fauci: Vaccine not going to eradicate COVID-19.
I’m taking a week off but if I were trading Rkt 20 puts seem pretty juicy
Pissed that I sold my NIO calls the other day. Now I'm sitting on the sidelines like a chump watching the stock take off
Lmao tf you doin here
Nov 23.50c but for what strike did he mention?
I commend you for your superior intelligence, welcome to the NIO club
Market rotation out of all my holdings
Enough to buy a lot of double blowjobs
SPY dumping
Me
[deleted]
I'm buying puts as soon as it kisses $50. May the most autistic retard win.
Do I sell off some nio and buy more Xpev lol
amazon calls y/n
I’m just flipping a coin. Heads for calls, tails for puts. Either way I’ll be wrong.
[deleted]
Man I wish I didn't sell all my XPEV at a 10% gain... the 2 I have left are over 1000% each had 34 and now 2... fml also why won't XPEV stop
WHERES YOUR GOD NOW BULLS?
Lol I’m long apple at 120 and loaded up on puts those fuckin MM’s don’t know what to with me now
damn IV crush is real
Haha yeah that’s the spirit!
[deleted]
LOL! This fucking guy..
Is baba dead now?
holding and probably losing 1000 dollars easy by tmo exp
Sting to the rescue!
Yes
I’m kinda glad I blew up my RH acct . Thinkorswim is honestly so much better. Less casino vibes
Sold my NIO calls this morning during the first pump. Depressed.
I made 10k on naked fvrr calls that I bought yesterday

Edit: but I’ve also lost a lot more than that lol
Have defaults started yet? Or is the market is the market preparing for it? All my research is lagged so I can’t see real time for anything not corporate debt
What dip am I buying? I sold my spy puts right now for a measly 600 bucks profit
Lol NIO is so overvalued now.
Uvxy 14.50s coming out of nowhere to be just about itm
That's why it's cheap numbnuts! Unless you think the CCP will neuter their star corporation, you'd be smart to buy in like the rest of us
I mean the market is mooning and Amazon, one of the biggest beneficiaries of the coronavirus, has been nonstop shitting itself for the past month. They have a right to be mad
Im thoroughly aroused.
Xpeng has to go down short term. There's no way it stays this high. Right? It is literally at Nio levels
Damn when did you buy this ?
345
No
Who’s the asshole that told us to buy the FPRX puts? This thing needs to come back from outer space right meow.
SAME
Jesus
Flip a coin
Where’s the vaccine pump we need one now!
Anyone holding PLTR through earnings?
holding baby, same with NIO, EV will be big and people wont want to miss out so we will probably see some crazy valuations like in 2006-2008 for green companies.
What did u do instead? Zm FDs still cheap
In NIO we trust.
What spy dumping to tomorrow
Best of luck.
Going back into lock down, every business must close down except for amazon.  Amazon 3/19 $4000c
Down
Whys it better to not exercise?
Suddenly everyone holding gold mines like XPEV and LI. Why the fuck no one informed me ahead 😈instead i have to go through ur shitty talks in WSB
NIO SEEMS LIKE EASY MONEY
Days like these I understand that this whole trading thing is just a desperate attempt to find some meaning in this life
Uhh
50.04
Thoughts on selling ZM at 430 and buying tomorrow on friday dip?
Just yoloed into GE calls and shares
Gamble
My whole apartment is covered in a thin layer of semen from xpev 🥴🥴🥴🥴
[removed]
I fucking hate Moderna, but this is probably correct
Only 26m SPY volume so far and we already dumped so much. AH might be dumping more.
[deleted]
Bought some INTC, MCD and BAC March calls this morning
Well when they grow so much they naturally become a bigger part of your portfolio.
Publicly listed companies can’t use cash accounting.
Same brother, yolo'd $30 for this call, am not disappointed. Wish I would've bought more at open when it was $12/ call...
tech goin to shit but nio like fuk that
They should rename it the DOWN Jones
Buy now then fuckboy put your money where your fucking mouth is! Earnings on Tuesday for NIO
I'm holding on to (515) $60s for tomorrow, bought for 2 cents.  Unless we print today I think I'm diamond handing these bitches.
UVXY what the fuck?
Lol it’s already too high
BEAR GANG CHECKING IN
SPY PUTS ON THE MENU BOIS
Up ~20% over the last 3 months isn’t exactly pennies.
10 22.5c 11/27. 🚀
Rug pull
What’s up with companies announcing earnings next week.. SDC, TGT?
Thoughts on NIO earnings?
Baba looking juicy?
i know, i wake up and punch myself in the balls every morning for it. imagine if I had more than $32 at the time
I feel you. I can make money like 90% of the time if I just don’t bet on anything 😂
Thanks to NIO I haven’t done one thing work related today!
No
Wtf spy just took a dump
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   50.0|3.75|3.85|3.8|2.13|151.626%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 50.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 50.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2hcpg&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Congrats to the fucking retards who bought 50c nio calls.   It was a stupid but lucky bet.
Guys, in trying times like these, it’s best to stick with the traditional 60/40 portfolio.

*60% NVDA calls / 40% AMD calls
heard the same shit when it was $18. Depends on what you are buying
Caput
[deleted]
My XPEV call is up 167%, that is if I had'nt sold at +20%
Rip AMZN
Best summary would be the snippets Deitaone on Twitter. All of that comes straight out of the Bloomberg terminal. Full summaries and articles will probably be in later today/tonight.
This ev push makes me happy for Ford's electric mustang being announced soon. Let's see what happens.
47.50
spy and baba absolutely cucked
48.65
just bought NIO 50C 11/20 how dumb am I
Only if I'm on a zoom call. And then you can only see one hand.
Feeling kinda horny
What did you buy ?
i fomo into puts
I will be bagholding these December 18th HD calls into next week to print
ZM gang
Nope
Buy in
it just goes away
I feel like I should order lunch from my local Chinese joint to give back a little
46.81
I’m rich biotch!
[deleted]
I didn’t even buy any options. I’m also still 40% in Spy and 10% in Amazon.
S/o to everyone who bought calls when we were at 3600
China is the future
50.10
Yeah. I'm hopeful to take profit before earnings, but ready to yolo if I don't.
Cmon u dumb fucking bears
I knew I should’ve held onto my cash and waited to buy more ZM FDs... was hoping for one last YOLO to double up my robinhood just once more this week

Also sold my 354Ps too early when we hit 354. Shit
My 120k in CWEB is taking me to Tendietown in first class
The holy trinity: NIO, XPEV, LI
How do people vote red for lower taxes and then still vote red when the reds are anti-stimmy? Makes no sense. If you're gonna claim you vote for free money, then VOTE FOR FREE MONEY.
PLS NIO DIPPP!
If they shit the bed after earnings I’m buying heavy. I been looking into it but didn’t move fast enough and missed the vaccine pump
It was more of a joke but you can’t tell through text, I still think google over valued tho
Buy
Yes
Not very good, fren. :(
Bounce off 50 then down to finish at 49
Low
I’m fucking with the rat! DIS 11/13 130 put yolo. ,,/,
pwease
Buy the tech
46.90
very possible
just that u make pennies
$LI don’t miss out
China is struggling with air pollution and has a more pressing need to go EV than the US I think. At least for now. It's still risky betting on any Chinese company though
>Closed P&L: $18.70

wtf was that for? You have to reinvest that in some more deep OTM calls
Jesus VXX
If you’re fomo into nio you hate money.
Now imagine if you went all in 😅
Hold NIO through earnings?
It is very possible I am way over invested in Chinese EVs
Confucius says: Nio, xpeng will turn your american dolla to good fortune!
I do from my job, it’s shyte. 

Equity markets ≠ leveraged loan market at all
This is like historically insane numbers.
Nio will reach 55 tomorrow, change my mind.
-2%
Remember TSLA at $40 pre-split? Pepperidge Farm remembers. NIO $250+ EOM
Wynn puts priiiiiinting
its just a prank bro
NIO it is
[removed]
.....down voted for not liking coats?  Damn.....
49.76
Anyone know the DKNG expected move?
At least you didn’t sell yesterday like someone 🤡
Can confirm I have seen marketstream.io mentioned in a few places
It's from the ongoing rotation into value, amazing earnings, and stock buyback announcement. RKT definitely going to the moon some day.
Cool thanks. Rude of them to pick on me but ok
NIO is the gift that keeps on giving. Up 50% on calls bought and hour ago
same, are you selling or holding?
49.15
I cut losses on it from morning, and joined in balls deep spy puts December 2
49.3
amazon down 30 bucks, fuckers here on like it has dropped 200 bucks. WoNT StOp TIlL 2700 GUH
[deleted]
Bagholdin on the menus boys
There isn't going to be any stimulus until February. As soon as Trump lost the election the GOP became the party of fiscal conservancy again. Going to stick Biden and the Dems with the bill.
On what timescale, just today, right? Anything outside of today doesn't look like that but I'm no expert on candlestick patterns
Why is it that a -50% barely has any impact on me, but a +10% makes me immediately click sell, looking at you XPEV
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   65.0|2.12|2.2|2.18|1.14|140.75%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 65.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 65.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2h52o&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Odds PLTR my 11/20 16.5c hit 👀
NIO 50$ is the new bottom
You gotta be retarded not to buy the dip though. Moderna is releasing positive news EOM.
IV is the same for both
Peloton bout to rally back where it was this morning
What does Gyna do? I like their style.
Damn, is INTC dead?
Up 200% is $30 because you still have the initial 10 up 100% is 20. God I love this sub
If we could do some parabolic shit real quick NIO I would appreciate it. Would love to offload these $56 11/13s.
NIO 12/4 65c selling like hotcakes!  They know the deal!
What happens if a put i bought is worthless and tomorrow
100% of the premium  yes?
340 monday and friday
Tomorrow is friday, I'd give it over 50% chance and then back up on Mon
What weed stocks? Hopping off China for a sec
Yes, this time the Fed is propping up asset prices and they're not being shy about it.
America lockdown time to find some off shore stocks to meme
48.02
Don’t ask for opinions if you’re gonna say that shit lmfao
Netflix at 500 tomorrow??!! 😖
[deleted]
Are ppl holding LI overnight?
Fortunately my $8000 in E-trade losses were wiped away from my history when I transferred my entire account to the superior Robinhood platform
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jacklychi the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What is a bear or bull trap
Deez nuts
how much u up
[deleted]
Not a chance just buy now and it’ll be past 50 tomorrow
Wow Palantir actually flat as a board lol
The CEO of Pfizer sold 60% of his shares right after the vaccine news.
Proof or ban
So I’m up 30% on my single LI call for 11/20 35c. Do I run?
The nice thing about being theta gang is that it’s easy to shift your portfolio from bullish to bearish without deviating too much from your underlying strategy.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
RKT   22.0|0.3|0.31|0.3|0.15|60.043%

**Unusual option activity detected on the RKT 22.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

RKT 22.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2h0on&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Smart man! I've certainly been burned holding on to profitable positions for too long trying to squeeze out some extra gains.
yeah, i know. lol.
bad man
I have shares for NIO and have been buying calls. I just cashed out on the calls today and trying to see when to get back in.
Lol
Yes
Hold until day before then sell
NIO price EOD? Closest answer gets an award
Nio. Only the company Tesla could have been.
Is STMP sketchy if I get assigned at 185 tomorrow?
Jacked to the Teets in RKT 22c 11/13
Fire sale!
This is the way. One of the most important parts of your research when deciding which exp date. Apple is the king of low IV and slow steady gains on options. Not anymore tho :/
You gonna be done, son
ban
Calls
My boomer plays are dying
what would u get instead?
Me too good luck man
[deleted]
pltr said fuck it im flat
Shit. Well, I've lost money is worse ways. There's always next time to not be a stupid bitch.
Ok guys!! Seriously don’t mess around with this...

This is only a replay of march... sell off today... tommorow we bleed back at 320

Don’t lose everything you got! You don’t want to be 🌈🐻 fine go cash gang but be safe
Strike please ....
Of course it does. It's their best product.
[deleted]
This week I snapped up ZM (covid/lockdowns/telehealth), PLTR for a long hold, RKT shares, and adding to ICLN
[deleted]
[deleted]
My moves today are

+ wait for the dip
Fucking nuts
[removed]
stop loss on option? LOL
And who is richer Boomers or Millenial WSB retards?
rotation into DDOG and XPEV
XPEV giving no fucks as usual
[removed]
[deleted]
I got 348s for tomorrow
DIS
CNBC just called unusual options activity for $RKT weekly calls. I’m guessing it’s from you retards
Anyone playing farfetch earnings?
[deleted]
When do we find out LI?
Never hold through earnings
when u buy the dip but she keep on suckin’
Qqq please go back up
So then what’s your question, moron
Sold NIO at $44 too soon and sold FVRR too soon and held BABA too long
Are you an autist and a misfit?
BLNK Prepared for launch
Or last week was biggest bull trap in history
Futures
FD's?  And like how far outside of the margin?  If I sell a covered call likely to never hit its kind of like chump change tbh
Is call IV lower?
LI earnings didn't even drop yet. It will beat expectations by a wide margin and then catalyze from that even further. Higher short term potential.
[removed]
[removed]
Nio
EV stocks to the moon
So much for 353 rEsIsTaNcE
Yes because Instagram revenue
Nah prob not just take the profits
I would take out cash day loans
Hold LI thru earnings or sell today?
Godspeed, retard
Biggest bear trap in history ?
It’s partly due to the set up fee, 2019-2020 their customer has expanded but not nearly as much as you would like.
If you know that, you shouldn't be asking.
drill team 6 uniform is a pink jumpsuit
I predict NIO hits 49 at 1:48pm ET
Nothing lmao, holding my last NIO call til ER and selling puts when my collateral is free
[deleted]
i love itttt
A tradition unlike any other. Me losing money.
The volume is definitely the price you pay for the lower premium. The rest of the world is in the shitter as well though, so a crash over a lockdown in the States could catalyze more elsewhere. I also got my face ripped off back in March/April thinking $SPY wouldn't affect $EWG as much as it did though, so there's that.

I agree though. Depends on the type of play OP is looking for.
Soooo is PLTR done for now???
I lost 2500 on the beach in Cancun on AMZN in July lol
You sound like a pussy
lol relax
Already is
Correct answer
Nah
SPY puts anyone? Got 355p leading into EOD tmrw!
Yes🚀
[removed]
Rip
shitcoin made me 5k in one month but i gotta talk about macy's and AMC..... the fuck happened to this place
NIO is like TSLA cooler younger brother 

TSLA = boomer stock
Ok AMZN time for 4k
Moderna is the money move today, guise!
I’m new as well.🌝
100
Well if it takes a dump a weekly premium isnt much but monthly is a decent amt
Because vaccine can’t stop us from setting new COVD highs multiple times per week leading into winter and the holidays.
nkla went banana, and people went "hey nio aint that bad"
i have puts 😎
Goddam, we in a bear market now.
Did VXX report earnings or something?
Oh this gonna drop drop. No stimulus, good luck Christmas.
Max pain for SPY tomorrow is 352..wonder where we are headed.
Buy shares. Way too many people play options but don’t really understand them...
Take profits when you're happy with the extra money

Or sell when it's too much of a loss
Not a bad idea actually, catching a major sell off would be nice 🤑
Smart
Endless
Lockdown 2: Covid Boogaloo
NIO is the only good thing in my life. And now I have a slightly nicer life.
Update: Rut roh.
And 100% of 200% is 20,000% or 0.
You think it's going up 8% in a week?
Oh I didn't check that out. Was busy admiring PDD adn XPEV
dont blame yourself, all of this is a gambling anyways
These are printing 😎
What are y’all buying? Everything seems so high
Always better to sell
Yeah it's still goin up for the day. Jokes on me that it couldn't go beyond 10% today. 

Profit is profit. If it goes down tomorrow, yay I'll get back in. Otherwise I'll hang on to the Feb call.
Never exercise. Ever.
Small funds.
Wtf
If LI shits the bed XPEV is having a nuclear meltdown
I just suited up, let's go Drill team 6. Lets get 350
And it’s gone
LI, XPENG, NIO

china EV companies saving the market atm
[deleted]
[deleted]
Betting against Chewy is not a smart move. Become a customer and you will understand. 
I would explain more but Chewy just delivered at the door again and i am drinking the complimetary 25 year old scotch that came with it and i promised to help the delivery guy finish up the house painting this afternoon
Fantano is terrible.
[deleted]
I think Baba is fucked. Jack Ma really fucked up, thank god they didn’t make him disappear
Sike
Fly me to the 🌙


Let me play among the ✨


Let me see what spring is like with


NIO and XPEV's ⚡🚗🚙
And then you see XPEV
[deleted]
It's simple, my bags of Nio money just keep getting more and more full. It's great.
I am not disappointed that is for sure.
Jeff might see it as a dick measuring contest with other companies
Anyone else ever get really high and come here to purchase stocks instead of your brokerage?
Baba should be 300 easily.
That’s what they said about TSLA 👀
353 fighting for it's fuckin life!
not the bottom
It’s over PLTR Call holders, your premiums are mine 😈
Still not 4PM you gay bear
couldn't fucking help myself. bought $500 11/20 RKT 23.5 options. hit the unusual options activity 17000 so far today
Noob
[deleted]
SPY broke the mid $352 support two days ago so I expect it to break it again today in which case will take it to its next support at $350
never have
Because MM realized that commoners like you know what the VIX is so they’re fucking with u until you stop paying attention to it
NIO is a 150 stock
XPEV $35 put Nov 20 who’s down
No stimulus. Does it mean we will have To go back to capitalism? Yikes
If LI crush earnings tomorrow like XPEV, I'm gonna have to buy it back for a small loss at open then.
[deleted]
Sell half hold half, you know the rules
I have 100 shares so I'll probably just sell a covered call
and they didn't even tell you hydrogen is dumb and gay? what are they teaching in schools these days
Exit.

Pigs get slaughtered
[deleted]
when its at 280?
bigger scam is nio
353 is holding strong
Holy vix
NIO $50 or more by EOD?
Comment your prediction or ^
They will be gone soon enough just like the papa elon retards
[removed]
SPY WARS EPISODE 2: THE ACKMAN STRIKES BACK
baba left out
'We are going to get a global economic recovery on the back of all this': Strategist
Have fun with that IV
Big time puts
Eh, you own shares of a guy who owns shares I’m pretty sure is how it works
beats? demolishes at this rate
what is es?
sequel was 'no day to yolo'?
Nothing feels better than knowing these annoying delusional bulls are losing all their money. Such a nice warm feeling inside lmaoooo
Fuck i sold NIO too early today
Moment of truth for xpev. Triple top and drop or bust through resistance?
Uh VIX?
There never was a rug. It was all an illusion.
I’m convinced America has a “lose vs loose” problem. It’s really not that hard people
We should have a party if NIO ends over 50 today guys, I’ll bring the nachos
What just happened to SPY?
Probably after ER, until then, moon ride
Anyone who made money last week deserves to lose it this week only fair.
if you would’ve asked me this morning I would’ve said yes... now I have no clue
How many you holding?
One of the greatest comebacks (that make sense) I’ve seen in a while.
im buying the FUK outta dis dip, 50k in amazon calls for next mofo week. I either make back everything ive lost and then some, or i lose the game
Found the moron who’s not in on NIO
Wtf I love lebron now!
Even if PLTR meets expectations in earnings, they will still go to 13 or below tomorrow
This is the kind of retardation I live for
I know this thinking is wrong but if i would just buy NIO calls and hold for 1 day i could offset all my losses from this year.
Just lost a k on Es buying the dip guh
[deleted]
After that incoming bear trap.
I want to snort NIO
Additionally, is selling a covered call over a month out better than just selling weekly covered calls?
Fuck it, NIO puts time
How far out you buying? Thinking of jumping on some spy calls too.
c'mon qqq take out 288
Everything Ghyna is shooting up today 🥴 Calls on General Tso's chicken
It’s up 100% in the last 2 weeks.  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
LI be like: Am I a joke to you?
Stocks? Like the weird derivates from options stocks?
Anyone have reads on low quality credit markets right now? HYG and JNK are moving down, but they are only a portion.

I.e. JPM’s CLO index.
VIX 😱
Why would you buy baba right now? Too much uncertainty, give it a week or 2
It’s going to be gnarly
Are you telling me to buy feces powered vehicle stock? I'm not very informed on the FPV sector yet.
My NIO shares are up 50% holy
Usa usa usa 🇺🇸 🦅
How bout a month ago not months
[deleted]
This is why you do the opposite of what WSB tells you.
Seriously. Only thing keeping me green today.
[removed]
Swapped out my NIO call for LI. If I lose it all, I lose it all. But damn is this ride awesome
In the low 2's you mean?
Good man reload get more
I’m sorry but I want to make money both ways and buy NIO puts
Same
[deleted]
nio, xpeng, LI .....citron must be havin a fkn field day rn
Need some new covid task force news conferences where they come out and tell everyone to download zoom because lockdown incoming.
What if you regret having regrets afterwards
The Chad Russel 2000
Pretty sure this guy doesn’t live anywhere.
Why the vix spike?
Yeah Don’t fuck with the mouse
Is it too late to enter Xpeng????
made me look
man if I yoloed my shit one week later I would be close to a millionaire, instead I‘m down to my last 2k
Shut the fuck up
FVRR is rocketing right now.
When NIO bubble pops it's going to get nasty
should i sell off my amzn shares and take the L at this point..
Logic doesn’t apply to EVs.
[deleted]
You've been pretty vocal against NIO. Are you just here to play politics?
spy calls
LMAO NIO singlehandedly holding this shitty market up
I'd say hold until earnings day. Probably not through. I've got some calls expiring early next year I plan to hold through earnings, but the ones expiring 11/20? I'm selling most, and maybe holding 1 or 2 just to see what happens.
Buying calls or puts is extremely risky rn unless you’re gonna day trade it. IV makes prices dumb high and if IV goes down, so does your option price
No sleep til AMZN 2750
Anyone else not trust Nio rn?
Real question. Is TSLA still competitive against NIO and XPEV?
Nah gonna hover around 355 all day tomorrow
True, but I want my fkin money now.
This makes no sense but ok
Owning deep ITM calls on NIO and XPEV expiring in January must be what a double blowjob feels like
because it's not real
I buy puts at the  bottom
XPEV is pumping because of ER, wait till NIO has theirs and you’ll see something amazing
The Fare
yes please don’t and if you have calls cash them out and buy shares. you need such a big move with earnings it’s probably not worth it

also earnings isn’t the only reason why it’s high it’s also been a 90 degree run the last few days
[deleted]
No shit.... right? :D
SQ. Hold these bags with me
MM working hard to pin DKNG at around 41.5. Max pain for tomorrow is 41 despite earnings
BABA what the fawk
You got some brass balls there guy.
And just like that NIO already close to 50. I remember months ago when it was trading in the low 20s. Look how fast they grow up
Standard form for @Deltaone tweets.
Apache scalp NIO here
You can, just sell before earnings come out.
Big balls
cant wait to short the shit outta these chinese ev companies
[deleted]
Rocket rockets 🚀
[deleted]
Moving my savings into Nio actually. Beats inflation at least
Y’all fall for every bear trap ever
Just use nio to hedge your portfolio
you have to have loose money to lose money
Yeah, about 20% so I won’t complain
You might be right. I took 2 losses on covered calls already
WITNESS!
Unless you want to write calls, dont bother. Just sell and buy new contracts
Everyone rotating into EV's
How much longer do you suspect it to have a power move ? Im holding Baba but tbh my hands are sweating
Thought fri was sell off day?
Fuck yeah, I am in
[deleted]
Incoming bull trap
Xpev gonna be the next nio
You’re crazy
Brain says green tomorrow... red confirmed
LOSE FUCKING EVERYTHING
MOOOOORRREE
yes
Pretty sure when you trade on the NYSE things are a little different. That being said, XPEV and LI being based in the Cayman Islands is pretty telling.
64c is the winner
lol fuck no
Bruh I would do a $50 call exp tomorrow on NIO but out of day trades
stocks only go up
this is like that meme where the guy goes "hey buddy how its going" then shows a red chart and he says "yeaa"
Wouldn't it make sense if there's earnings soon?

If it tanks on earnings but then slowly goes back up, then when you had exercised, you kind of get to keep that value

If it's a near-expiry call, it will lose a bunch of value when it tanks and you probably won't make much of it back on a slow grind back up

I think?
Got em
No idea,  haven't heard anything either.  You know where to find it any news?
You got it all backwards, these guys are losing money right now as a company. They're in the red.
How’d that work out for ya?
lmao no. Why the fuck would you buy these?
ha ha ha Genocide is so goddamn funny!
Holy Christ, imagine still fucking up 4 letter words like LOSE. I beg you to read a book you nitwit!!!
Looks like it, woulve loved to buy in 2 weeks ago
**Zoom and NIO are the only two stocks that are safe!!**
It just might lol
Infinite
James Bond Casino Royale. I just realized the entire movie is set into motion when the villain loses everyone’s money on puts and has to hold a poker tournament to try to win it back to break even. A true autist.
VIX where ya going mate
Very nice. Did you get the 992? If so, trim? Details please!
just hold i guess, need a lil more from my -60% leaps
I have a bunch of calls up over 500-600% but im exercising those shares baby
NIO = Safe Haven Asset
Your loss bud.
Song is fire.
I got 100 to sell covered calls. I'm skeptical of anything out of China
What’s the word?🐦
is your dad?
just wait till after earnings they'll mute themselves lmaoo
[deleted]
Nio is my new drug
Wtf SPY.
353 support hard as my dick. Good buy in point right here
11/13 SPY Calls
delayed feed?
Lower LOWER
[removed]
Ill even adjust for your insanity... 300 Million within 4 years. Better?
I have 90% of my money in stocks, mainly ETFs. Just threw options at the opposite of whatever was the top % changing stocks that day, as you can see it didn't work lolll
How ya feeling buddy?
i am, but I could also just sell the call and buy the 100 shares at todays price instead of exercising
Was thinking of rolling over NIO 40c 11/6 to 11/13 last week and just sold for nominal profit. I'd have wiped out my lifetime losses if I'd done that and kept holding :/.
Someone help explain IV for me. IV is high for NIO since it's close to earnings, so ideally we shouldn't buy calls now?
why
the world would be a better place if amazon would announce their stock split
are you buying or selling stocks
Why do bears hate money?
NIO knows no markets, it is its own market
Let’s go Nio to the 🌚🚀🚀
First off it’s not (actually undervalued compared to the other ev companies in the sector) second, that’s what I said about Tesla and NIO before ripping over 300%
Sold NIO 51c covered calls, no way it will end the week over 51
I’ll bite...what’s updog?
i dont think thats how it works lol
Calling a girl "hot" is simping moderately.

Calling a 7/10 with a face full of makeup "so hot" is 100% simptastic. 

Listen dudes, if you stop pumping these girls egos up so much, they might actually fuck you.
Are you blind?
not yet, plus the semester is about to end for like 1-2 months
Earnings next week. It's likely to keep climbing at least till then.
Hmm yeah let me think about that for a second um **GUH**
Holy shit, XPEV GANG, please be careful. Don’t be afraid to take profits. This is parabolic growth
Why is it listed then?
a few weeks ago, I sold a few NIO calls 11/20 $38 because I simply lacked imagination
looks like NIO is ready to springboard off the 50ma
exercise at expiration, sell covered calls
Thanks
Can you link me a summary?
hope so, im guessing its gonna run up to $75 before earnings and near $150 eoy
NIO heard that SPY is dumping, proceeds to rocket higher
You mean leveraging a leverage has insane IV? Who would’ve thought
Falling through all types of support, see y'all at 351
45.7
Horrible advice
[deleted]
It’s bigger!!!
not if it's an already overvalued POS
and the king
'free' means more taxes.
CNBC trying to cuck ZM. Piss off losers, we all inverse you anyways. ZM to the moon 🚀
ATTENTION FOCUSED ON POINTLESS ELECTION CHALLENGE INSTEAD
Yeah gl. I’m long PLTR but I just think the earnings are gonna be meh and some of the IV is gonna bleed off. I’m unloading half my calls and if it dips I’ll buy them back tomorrow at a 40% discount.
Oof. Did you go full outs or did you hedge?
[deleted]
I am in this picture and I don't like it.
Yes, this stock price is magically going up with no one buying it

Thank you
Taiwan numba one
Learned my lesson and sold PFE calls nearly at the top on Monday. That pos cannot hold on to a rally
Should set up a paper trading contest.
Holding, thanks
Ho my god. I’m a bull but holy fuck when you make $ of puts the erection is so much more intense
Same cause I’m holding puts
This was not the kind of dip you buy...
😂😂😂😂
fuck yeah, nice
12/18 $290c baba or Jan 2021 $305c
Link
Oy vey! Now that's a drill.
probably true.  It hasn't followed the broader market at all.  Therefore when we have our typical V recovery it is going to follow like crazy.
How do I mute all the Nio comments in here?

Also, would there be anything left if the Nio comments were all muted?
[deleted]
Lol whatever you're smoking I'd like some
how tf does LI have a 25bil market cap?
What the fuck?
I know right, low taxes, zero government nanny state.
cat outta the bag
No, he just went to get cigarettes. He'll be back any time now
...is this copy pasta? If not it should be.
BTFD yo
i bought 5k worth of nio when it was under 2 dollars and sold when it reached 4 dollars lmao, regretting that as I type
NIO is going to valhalla today
Dafuq is you on?
The house is burning and the fireman are on a strike
[deleted]
my guess is after a 10% run up sure itll come down a little bit and trade flat a few days but itll moon again next week
wait.....
Double bottom on SPY- time for calls?
Cmon Cuomo drop it, so my spy puts can print!!
[removed]
How is everything dropping? Shouldn’t zoom moon then?
Right now my only comfort in life is the knowledge that few months from now Jack Ma will disappear forever into a "work camp" in Xinjiang.  Give me some of that Ghyna CCP style justice!
Course you are 😂 market defo overheated tho puts will probs print for a nice healthy retrace
50 is the consensus
It only makes sense if you're trying to hold long term
tsla 440 by next week
SPY is not a unicorn but instead a river of viagra and cialis.
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/duqb14/is_spy_a_good_company/f784yyq/)*
[deleted]
Ban
Yes
[deleted]
Nio gonna try 50 today?
I’m only holding UpDog
Someone here mentioned FUTU yesterday I think it has potential to be the next meme stonk
if you're not buying 0 SPY DTE calls here idk what to tell you
Yolo play?
Still don't trust the dump
Why are we fading ?
[deleted]
patience
It’s gonna go down
> investors 

See, that's where you made your mistake.
#Today was an XPEVsive lesson for me
dropped 10k in nio shares Nov 2, i’m pissed i don’t have more cash for XPEV and LI
I sold mine for a -100 loss lol. Just hop on the nio train much better
Yea, this is bad.
Asterisk and all caps makes me believe this is real news!
I'm running 5 mins here and it seems to match what you're seeing, generally speaking
Xpev is already pumped
What do you think
A bunch of 285 for next week
Spy about to plunge
I like the sound of that
Inverse ETFs bet that they will make money, but they are betting against the market.

This makes them a gay bull.
youre gonna look back in a month and realize buying nio under 50 was a steal
That’s the code of the samurai.
yes but going down or up
My 50c 11/27 lotto ticket is worth a pretty penny
Barley can hold 353. Showing lots of weakness. 350 EOD
Lmao
Except earnings
Thanks for saying that I got in 1.3k spy put leaps right at 392.94. Dec 4 expirations I believe I’m good
Down 27% now up 23% let’s keep the drill going boys
How is it that it's only 1pm?
This dump needs to hold at red 1% for pajamas and europoors to dump further tomorrow.

Otherwise it will get bought up by night
Aged like milk. Fortunately
Still great profit
Y’all sleeping hard on Moderna. Up 8% yesterday, 5% today. Storage temp is -4C vs -80C of Pfizer. Fauci just said he’s optimistic about the Moderna vaccine.
*TRUMP ADMIN SAID TO BE STEPPING BACK FROM STIMULUS NEGOTIATIONS
I bought the dip but it’s still dipping
Wait...when did Cheetolini visit your local GME ?
I bought 3 for $9 lmfao
Over half of that middle class drinks water contaminated with human feces everyday. They’re not buying NIO’s.
Done
currently holding NIO 11/20 $25 call and thinking of exercising to get that sweet sweet average cost. 

but then again doesnt it never make sense to exercise?
Not sure.... I mean SPCE has a lot of hype right now!  But in a good way, real results and a test flight next week for full  FAA certification if successful.
And if it gets  exercised, you'll just rebuy back in?
I hate baba
Damn NIO straight drilling to the earths core
What u grab?
I’m glad you’ll be at ease, nice gains
3 hours left in the trading day bruh
When NIO investors realize that they aren't legally allowed to own shares in Chinese companies:
currently holding 11/20 $25 call and thinking of exercising to get that sweet sweet average cost. 

but then again doesnt it never make sense to exercise?
WSB betting on a CCP EV car company that will never be sold in the states.   
What could go wrong?
Palantir just doesn't give a shit. Maybe I do hold these calls.
Imagine if you bought leaps instead🤫
NIO EOD predicts?
Bought nio at the tip 48.30
CIA this guy!!!
ZM being weird today
[removed]
Used a day trade to lock in about $2000 Tesla put profit, wondering if I should have held
RIP
hopefully earnings make it soar
U really see a move? Its been flat as fuck after the morning selloff
So we’re calling random collections of weekly options “portfolios” now?
3 hours left and NIO already over 200mil volume. 😂
I'm jacked TO THE TITS on puts. see you around the corner . SPY 180 puts are all me, june 21
PLL has dipped you won’t get this chance again
What movie is this lol?
Well yea during these times but before covid during our bull run meme stocks were green like 90% of the time
I didn’t at all but this just adds to the negative news flow.
Let’s get a circuit breaker
I was going to sell the run up but there is none so I hope it inverses every other investment I do through earnings.
They didn’t want to give the first one to the people
I do not due to its extremely high IV, but I have SPY/QQQ puts right now
Full retarded strength of the Chinese govt behind it
I wish everyday could be this profitable
On Monday: Dow up 1600 pts?? Better buy now!!!
Anyone have input on Disney earnings?
Li just makes cheap PHEVs. Nio I get but what’s the deal with Li? There’s literally dozens of car companies in China that can take an off the shelf 1.6T engine and duct tape some batteries to it to make what Li is making. And Li’s sales volume is a joke.
It covers tech, every tier of cyclicals and medical. It is balanced.
It’s coming, still got 3 hours to get there
Nice looking Batman on rocket
I finally decided to sell my $31c for May 2021 this morning for about 188%... Just seemed way to ITM
Deadazz lost first 30 minutes smh
Don’t forget about Virgin Galactic, they seemed to be on track after their last earnings call.  They asnnouced they will have there test flight next week they will lead to FAA certification and if successful they will fly Richard Branson this winter this opening up commercial operations.
Someone bought around 50,000 calls yesterday at $50 strike. Looks like NIO is SPCE on steroids for now.
Ah yes, the overt brag about money and possessions while all you pseudo-macho types eat it up.  When will you over-testeroned man-children realize that everybody on Readdit laughs at you because of your brazen vulgar language and frequent posts about your money and possessions.  Although the penile size in this sub is miniscule, the brags are monstrous.  It's pathetic and weak and I would be laughing in your pretentious faces if I ever saw you in person.
TSLA WHO?
This is not the bottom for puts
NIO, GM, BA calls.  Spy puts.  Majority in PSTH savings account.
I am almost identical to you, make smart moves and big gains. We will get to the 10k club then the 100k club.
LI is a beast.
Wanted some cheap FB calls. Thanks market.
what happened rkt
Stimmy talks going well ofc, and better virus statistics out of europe
If you think you’re making bad moves, just remember some people sold NIO on Tuesday when it dipped below $40
SPY 350 EOD
Catch the knife pussies
When it first came out I sold $18 puts expiring in 2022 at $5 each. Every day shit doesn't collapse is a good day.
Sell half and hold through earnings? Seems like the go to on this sub
Cmon nio. Give it up for daddy. Back to $40
Only a madman bids against Disney
If he's like me he only has 1 lol
Here comes the run to 49 again, no brakes on this freight train
Good man
Officially quit my job to become a full time trader again, I feel the auts coming back in full swing. See you at the bottom boys 😎
No way. It's already undervalued for last 2 years.
97% is juicy bro. ud be lucky to get a 97% iv for spce calls. i had to wait till yhe earnings crush to get into. 100-150% is normal
Im hedging the other side good luck I usually lose lol.
I just doubled down on my position. Let’s see what happens.
I think it will and still make a profit if it does
What happened to nio 50 eod I can't be the only one who bought calls at the top
I joined 🙋‍♂️, $200 in here
nio retard strength my god. Immune to market sentiment at this point
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$4**|**BUY CALL**|**2022-01-21**|**$43.8**|**$47.945**|**5267**|**16**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhf50nj2ao710770dkzek6ut) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/infinit9/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
PLTR you piece of trash
They lost today
Yeah I’m keeping my leaps bruh
Anyone seen the IG update and instantly bought FB stock?
I can't believe MMs so dumb, that that they will sell off on the 140th playback of the same exact no-stimulus (non)news. QQQ will drill for the rest of the day today, and then they will all buy back in tomorrow for the weekend.  Like fucking groundhog day
Hostile sitting president who is refusing to accept election results and is pushing a baseless election fraud narrative
[deleted]
SE has separation anxiety from ATH
Hop on PLL it’s undervalued atm I can guarantee it’ll go straight to the moon
[deleted]
Get in now or miss out is all I’m sayin! Only way is up from here... the hype train will not end any time soon! Nio to the 🌝
I love how everyone knows you mean NIO
Exit
And yet I bet you don't have any puts.
Gotta use that entire police budget up even if there’s no more protests.
[removed]
... you all remember harambe? #RIP
Sarcasm 😂
DIS earning and LI earnings seem the move .
I want to FOMO into LI but I don't want to get IV crushed ;/
China #1 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
It's already below pandemic levels. If it does, wouldn't be surprised if it goes below 30.
cause you dont need to sell, itll be a $100 stock eoy maybe sell like half or a quarter of ur contracts but whennits up this much you can only really profit
Yesssir. 16.5 for 11/20
When did you buy these?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** My new Jpow AirPods came in the mail today

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsyp28
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsyp28) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Skulldrey, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
Skulldrey
MadejustforWSB
When I grow up, I want to be this guy.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
sold PLTR calls at open, no idea why it dropped after
Uvxy options have the most insane IV accumulation ever.
had a good amount of the stock already
China = 700 Million Middle Class have to own EV within 4 years. NIO $250+ EOM
See above.
how you figure
its up now , 600 profit ;)
[deleted]
I can’t believe I sold my nio when it was going for literal cents
This isnt instagram. Type /u/deepfuckingvalue
NIO is the exception, otherwise everything is getting fucked
Thats why this meme is 100% correct.
The Gay Shorts
Couldn’t have said it better myself.

We always play out what could’ve been using hindsight but that’s just a dumb way to feel bad about your past decision. But to alleviate some of the feelings of potential “regret” it’s always a good idea to hold some in case it goes off the chart.
[deleted]
Dude do it! The stock only went up 25% in the past two days and 70%+ in the past two weeks! There is no possible way you're buying at the top!
After it expires.
Could be both.
Where are the legends that still haven't lost to NNN?
Bought Li leaps yesterday and I’m already at my break even woohoo
Sell half bro
IMO most Americans aren't even willing to get it. And it's not exactly easy to get around the country. Reality is setting in. For an hour or so at least
brb calling my dad and telling him to buy
Hello @ NIO CEO 👋🏻

We love your stonk 🇨🇳
i have 11/13 TSLA 410P. You can stay in my room if you want
bear trap to shake out the weak hands

moon mission continues QQQ 292 EOD
[deleted]
Last time I bought Disney puts, I lost everything when the stock continued to rise after they closed the parks and delayed all their movies
😂 it’s not a triple top. And pe no where near 40 u salty bear
I have injected nanobots into my veins powered by NIO swappable batteries.
NIO is a pretty nice guy and doesn’t afraid of anything
Does anyone see that 1.7mil volume candle on AAPL at 12:29 or is my Fidelity bugging
I'm up 22x on my NIO leap from the summer. $169->$3700.  It expires 1/15/2021.  What should my strategy be?
I would believe that
Jesus Christ the volume on NOI today is 200 million what in the actual fuck
Top kek. No need to seeth, made 30k this week, keep hating. +160k YTD
All this is because of what’s going on in the ECB meeting right now. What JPOW and everybody is saying is not good at all.
FOMO HD calls
Should I sell them tmrw or is it gonna dip tmrw
Must not....buy puts....for tmrw....
the invitation on netflix
Vaccine news is trash that’s why Pfizer is drilling Biden win isn’t confirmed and tons of corona
Been buying here and there on this stock only. Not bad.
Put leaps lol bold move cotton
[deleted]
[deleted]
pls buy
Not with that attitude
Lucky you're down only 9%. 

I'm down 80% on my puts since 11/1.
will the 1 pm crew save our calls?
Shrek 2
rule 5 - bad pnl screenshot
We’re rounding the curve, green eod
WSB just tossed TSLA aside for NIO like a toddler when they get a new toy
These movements...tomorrow sell of confirmed
My proprietary valuation model has NIO’s fair value at 150, but I like yours better!
Expensive
I came here to feel better about myself
I’m holding Nio calls for Jan 15 for over 550% why aren’t I selling?? Is this greed at its finest??
Think PLTR makes a comeback tmro????
i got 3k in 11/20 25c's. good luck to us both
SPY bull triangle for the week. $360 EOW 

louder for the people in the back....BUY THE FUCKING DIP
The big short
Quite the risky play, now that it has gone up 110% in 4 weeks and depending on your buy in price and the ampunt you‘d have to pay taxes first and then buy NIO - so I‘d say not really worth the risk
[deleted]
Nasty way to go.
Anyone else yoloing PLTR earnings?
You holding after earnings?
Why does it matter if Powell is talking to the European Central Bank are they collabing on something?
Technically it is for all of the accounts with the same ownership, even across brokers.  Whether different brokers share this information is a question I can't answer.

Deactivating and reactivating your RH account would only work if their compliance systems were very poor.  Technically it shouldn't work.
Who else bought poots at the bottom
bought this stock years ago after the gran tour episode had nio. got it at $7. thanks everyone for making this company a thing.
51 secured
WHAT DO YOU GUYS THINK ABOUT $SNOW LONG TERM DOWN OR UP
I like hearing ur response sit
Hopefully it gets the retard strength back 🙏
Insider trades on tsla for the past six months have been all sales and that fucken thing still hovers around $420/share... It's all the call buying that's putting upward pressure on the price.
This is by FAR the best trading week I’ve ever had.
Nothing like knife catching at noon
You won't need to - the reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees will be heard from /all
The second I do that it tanks
Did they normalize helicopters flying around all day randomly in your town too?
The Big Squirt
Apple is acting strange today
What about asia?
ass blaster...I told you to go LONG on NIO not short!
Here's what you do.

Make an intelligent $500 play, sell at 20-40% profit.

Rinse and repeat, and slowly increase play base rate.

Sell if it ever goes below 20%, regardless of time.

Profit
Tell me one good reason for SPY not to be 360 by next Friday.

Good news on vaccine, Biden win.

Oversold IMO.
Same here^^^
wtf...how much u have in there?
id go a bit longer out for sure, will be 75 after earnings 100% but could dip to around $45 again
Na. We were pretty flat most of the day if not green. Then all of a sudden everything tanked. Usually an event or news story contributes to that. Covid, etc. is known, I was simply asking if I missed a specific, targeted event in the past hour.
Way too much DD for a YOLO post
It’s when the traders get back from halal guys
Drop it like its hot
u already kno
We're drilling more for sure
Why the hell did I listened to someone about all in PLTR again! my god!!
Shhhh, lets nio run a bit more, $xpev will be soon don’t worry
Don’t think this is the bottom
probably already speaking right now.
PFE vaccine won't be ready for months, possibly a year
Ty for actual info.
"We are not going back to the same economy" has people spooked a little but really just second wave scaries
Keep selling pussies
Nah we digging
Ppl dumping while taking a dump
Support
Good thing I sold AMD earlier. The rest of the market dragging my boi down
Man, have you seen SOLO's products? I don't know how this shit is gonna sell for the long term. But again, we saw PTON, then meh why not?
Yes.. also get in $FSR.
Goodness yes. Wait til Asia gets a hold of this
Gonna ride BA to 190 today
What if I told you could buy NIO at 9:45 on almost any day and still make money
Thank you for the tendies
谢谢你的帮忙
Xièxiè ni de bãngmáng
no bro, dont
Dope art
Hi I just fomo 1.3k in spy put leaps at the very bottom few minutes ago. I am going to make bank or am I retarded
Looks like i sold NIO too soon at open when it went ITM. Jesus Christ look at it now.. I took a beating yesterday and thats why I sold my calls this morning..
Yeah!
No
What is going to provide the momentum to break resistance and correct this bad voodoo. Let's all visualize QQQ 295, speak in tongues, and manifest it into reality.
Define fucked cause I’m up a ton this week
Actually laughed when I saw the video thumbnail
Ever since I saw the recent Mando episode I’ve been stroking, choking, tugging, and slugging my little snubfighter to that sexy sexy toad. Does she fuck? What can she do that freaky tongue?! 

Please I need to know I want to be in the hot spring with her so bad
XPEV to the moon, hidden gem is finally being discovered
Fixed deposits 👍
Ftch is doing the same thing but no one talks about it!
This stock is going to pay for my next house
what news?
Nice that PLTR is decoupled with the market today given what's happening. Though if market recovers, will PLTR still be flatlining?
What happened?
Nio is pretty incredible
Fuck BABA
It's like Bud Fox asking Gordon Gekko "How much is enough?"

That Porsche is going to give an appreciative audience a symphony of physical and mental sensations that are of the highest order to the right crowd.  How would a Lamborghini be better?  In fact, if you've ever spent time in one, it wouldn't.  Great for an afternoon at the track.  Commuting or road tripping in one is like being inside a cement mixer for hours.

Mega congrats. 

 \- A satisfied Cayman 6MT driver
the vaccine is just news, they still have logistics problems and cases are ath, ny is closing schools again
UVXY starting to 🚀
Just went into shitcoin for the time being.
[deleted]
$50 would be a sweet milestone to hit today.
November shaping up to be exactly like October - first half super bullish, second half super bearish. Imma wait til next week to get my 20% cash back in
Draft kings earnings?
[deleted]
NIO 11/20 60C???? Free money???
If calling a girl hot is simping, you have a sad, twisted outlook on life. Again, I'm sorry you have bad taste. She's an NYC 8/10 easy.

You might be gay?
jeez, only one of each? amazon should be chill lowkey, could gap up 200 over weekend
More like 50 is the resistance
[deleted]
Yes
Because the vaccine "news" was something anyone paying attention knew was happening
stick or is everything dual clutch paddle shifters now?
It won’t go below market demand which should stay fairly even though tomorrow
If it breaks support we’re all fucked
What movie should I watch tonight
Its not gay if you dont bend over.
Man when SPY swings in large movements, I really think of Chimpu. He died for our FDs
Lots of people buying 300 spy puts rn
[removed]
Such a boring trade that yields nothing most the time. PFE moves like an old person
Buy the Palantir dip?
Sorry,  Li.  I'll go correct my post.
Man wait till Europe and Asia get trading on this news. Oh boy.
support, we might be hitting 100 eoy
Jpow
Oh fugg thanks
We can all split it. I won’t tell Uncle Sam!

That’s a shame. However, hopefully he is in peace now, and no longer has to worry and be paranoid. 

I’m no psychologist, but sounds like he may have suffered from schizophrenia. 

May he rest in peace.
Next week possibly. I have a 11/18 exp at 354
Dump continues tomorrow?
RSI and Daily MACD says this isn't going down anytime soon, at least for the next 2-3 trading days. Could be different approaching earnings
Cmon SPY, don't be shy - drop some more
Anything news wise I'm missing here?
Jpow said maybe shitcoin is cool
NY is threatening to close, but nothing yet
Mangoman said no stimmy

What else...?
Not if LI beats ER
CALLS ON MINK
Is 48 the support or resistance 🤔
[removed]
As in trade flat, not go to zero
This is the way😎✊
So fucking annoyed last night I was like "hey dumbass, remember to buy GRWG calls in the fucking morning" and I missed it's 4$ run up today. COOL.
Bought a couple QQQ puts and shorted VTV to hedge my stonks and calls. I hope we moon and I lose a few hundred on these, but just in case.
Uh, yes.
Why do stocks always tank after lunch?
How many billions in bottom-line profits does AAPL make from that custom print job?
Me: buys FDS LMFAOOOO
Phew! So glad that's over.....time to buy the dip....😅😅
Why do confident we won't hit that?
China EV... Guaranteed GROWTH. NIO $250
Xpev looks tired
The only safe haven in this market
sell 3 of my nio leaps and let 1 ride for free with the profit from the 3 i got or just hold? up 20% on them
Wait til they announce a 5-1 split.
Okay, will update you in a few weeks.
Should have known better than to get weekly iwm calls. No more white swan events now that vaccine news is out
I think someone big sold a fuck ton of puts
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/threefourpizza the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My NIO leaps up 50k today Jesus Christ
50 EOD
Uhhhh u betting nio will be profitable?????
Maybe 2 years from now
Yes and then when they report great earnings and advancements in there technology it’ll really explode
27$ share gang checking in.
Should I take out student loans in case sleepy decides to forgive them ? 🤔
Can someone call the SEC, FBI, CIA, IRS on PFE because they fucked this entire market on monday
Lose
what do you think? tomorrow is the 13th.
no
rule 5 - bad pnl screenshot
Did you actually think one was coming after Nov?
Thank God for my diamond hands
Jk i dont know how to cut my losses
[deleted]
[removed]
NY schools and the Fear talk on the JPOW thing was an intense combo
Mooning in progress
I’m ready. AirPods in, Kenny loggins “danger zone” playing.
hahahhahah jesus
No human is trading this market
YOLO’d my last $300 into PFE 11/13 $36p. Someone join me.
Hell no.
My accounts redder than Dana Whites face
Yea?
Just the rsi getting reset for the next dump
You might be onto something with that. I’m gonna keep an eye on it
Upvote if you just bought nio calls at the top with me right now thanks
Nio has to get beat down tomorrow right?
Going in on 11/20 TSLA 420c. See y’all in the poor house
Too late to buy nio shares? I wanna buy 200 n sell jan 60$ calls for 1.5k
Uvxy puts?  Shit only goes down
Why not
approaching 200M volume.. this is insane
Jokes on you. I'm always naked.
WTF ZM? HOLD THE FUKN LINE
V
Just getting rid of paper handed cucks
What did I miss? Did Powell say anything that caused the dump?
BUYING XPENG RIGHT NOW
We’re on our daily CoVID scare folks
Daq is going to buy me a mink coat.  Hollywood joe here
Nio could drop to 44 but I bet you my left nut it bounce back to 50 EOD
Li 40c 11/20. 
Is this good ?
At this point i don’t see what will end this bull run, the news coming out just gets better and better!
Buy the rumor, sell the news.
Really popular energy drink shit.  had a killer ER this am bb.
Been holding TSLA, NIO, ENPH, NEE, RUN. Got in early on all of these. Getting in early on HEXO and going long on this one as well.
I mean, kinda
Nothing to see here. Just bouncing between 350-355 until 2024.
From this day forward in only playing super high IV retard shit.

AAPL has fucked meanwhile NIO calls **and** puts are gaining value.
Get in early on a +28% day.  Gotcha.
Was that the bottom.
i dont. that was a 7 min trade or so.

unless there's clear sentiment i rarely hold weeklies overnight (unless its start of the week i guess)
Let's pray it falls, options traders made a huge sell of calls to finance puts and I yolo'd this
If we bleed to 350 baba calls Friday at close for next week will print godly
It’s already tomorrow in China. Time zones.
Take those profits King
Buy Nio to hedge broader market risk
Why though
That I will be. Holding my Nio 50c 11/13 overnight to break ITM tendies 10 bagger tomorrow after pump. Godspeed retard
Turd is going up, complete no brainer!
ceo is selling shares & ceo is selling shares??
are the right caps for bottow two
[deleted]
The 10% spikes are outliers as fuck tho?
that vaccine hype was dumb as shit
That was brutal
Lmao
That was a weird dip is it being bought
I def didn't yolo at the top
[deleted]
1 red day in over a week and you need an explanation lmao
so NIO stays about 48 today?
I have 26k tell me more
My robinhood account
Looks like the peak of it is done but yeah, could be some whipsaw action
Position too small.. 2.5k for options, 10k for shares
It would go in the other direction. USA “fucks w the wars” - lil Dicky
nio the new spy
I didn’t mean it seriously, but through his experience, both sentiments are right.
Sector rotation into NIO
SPY jumps off a cliff

PLTR: 😐
If INTC hits 44.5 or less, it might break it's support from 2 years and drill harddddd.
Spy bounced right back to 353 support
[deleted]
TLT calls are the way boys
Yeah “consolidating” lol
What does tech want? Stimmy! 

When does tech want it? NOW
Buying in at EoD
Wow BABA....made the same mistake last year of buying short term calls for earnings
No tendies for you
Bounce back to 353.5 then drill again
Broke support and now needs to find a new level. I have 352 up next
One can hope
F
[Actual footage of NIO bears today ](https://youtu.be/sEKB7pi1mbc)
It’s tanking because I bought calls. You’re welcome
Anyone think that BABA reaches $270 levels next week?
320 like it's been for the past 3 months.
Who’s buying $SPY calls at 3:59?
What is going on? Who taking all the money from all the markets ?
Playing both bear and bull perfectly today with /ES day trades 

https://imgur.com/Os6WBQ7
STOCKS PLUMMETING TO LOWEST LEVELS SINCE LAST WEEK! SELL EVERYTHING
The offering on Monday really soured my sentiment on the company luckily I cashed out pm
covid cases rising

closures imminent despite vaccine

ny schools closing again
Crash gang
Yes *BIG BOY*
Why we drill?
XPEV / SOLO is the next NIO.. get in early 

https://i.imgur.com/SkyVIp9.jpg

Operating cash flow increased 56% to $55.3 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $35.3 billion for the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2019.

Free cash flow increased to $29.5 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $23.5 billion for the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2019.

Free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations increased to $18.4 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $14.6 billion for the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2019.

Free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing obligations increased to $17.9 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $10.5 billion for the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2019.

Common shares outstanding plus shares underlying stock-based awards totaled 518 million on September 30, 2020, compared with 511 million one year ago.

Net sales increased 37% to $96.1 billion in the third quarter, compared with $70.0 billion in third quarter 2019. Excluding the $691 million favorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales increased 36% compared with third quarter 2019.

Operating income increased to $6.2 billion in the third quarter, compared with operating income of $3.2 billion in third quarter 2019.

Net income increased to $6.3 billion in the third quarter, or $12.37 per diluted share, compared with net income of $2.1 billion, or $4.23 per diluted share, in third quarter 2019
More like what was preventing it
[deleted]
2800? pretty good shit man, how do u hold weeklies thru these swings
Printer ran out of ink. Its gon be back once they replace it
Tell me your strategy so i can be rich and go to Miami with this girl
It’s going to Rocket
Oh fuck I'm usually a bull but the rare times I get puts it makes me money... am I... gay?
Well I bought rkt $22 calls and I’m out of day trades rip me I guess
Hah!!!!
[deleted]
Pleaseee
I haven’t gotten tendies since early September 😭
Is everyday a pump for this ?
Does it makes sense to buy Xpev puts now? New to options. Rest of the stocks are going down, I think this should come down too.
Holding NIO and EPEV equally. Only regret is not buying more.
Watch for the fake pump and harder drop.  Don’t get trapped. We’ve seen this before.
Out of nio. FOR NOW
Show the ad or it didn’t happen
USD going right back up
*civil* war
To late now ain’t it. I got stocks on it.
RKT???
I have 12/18 and am holding on until we flatline
Wasn't that already priced in ? McConnell already said that last week
ZM you're making me worry 🥴
Youtube goes down for barely an hour and Google ain't worth shit.

O-okay.
This is correct. 80% of the things that go on in the Chinese market are a lie. Lukin Coffee was not an aberration.
If you're asking this question, unequivocally not. Sell that shit now and take profit. You don't know what will happen in between now and then and how IV crush will destroy its value.
I was able to make 1k, whats ur puts looking like
No way, holding shares you bought at 6.95 is freaking awesome. When nio hits 420 next year you'll be yacht shopping.
I wonder if jpow buys puts before he speaks
No
So pissed I didn’t buy shares in nio when it was 20$ when I started watching it. Least I got in on xpev
Same but low key probably better to wait. Let them work all the bugs out and upgrade it and I’ll buy it cheaper in a few months 🤷🏽‍♂️
Buy the PLTR dip?
Why
NIO is back to “consolidating” for about 5 mins I’m sure. Then off to $50?
there were red days around all those point you listed. no stock is green everyday
I don’t think it’s the worst bet that there will be a little eow pullback.. you can bet against NIO having two insane days in a row without doubting its overall trend
Why we drilling? What'd I miss?
God I wish I had a day trade. I’m up 2k already I hate myself. I can’t sell until tomorrow and it’ll be back to 360 I know it
I fucking told you guys this was going to happen yesterday! Blame JAMF!

https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/_/gbz19tc/?context=1
[deleted]
Told myself not to chase ZM again but i ended up putting 2k back on it. Hope I don’t lose it all lol
Keep your pity and give me your money
Low Quality Shitpost
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Here’s your NIO dip fellas, it won’t be under 48 for much longer so buy now
Any date and strike will print after earnings.
When you get called by margin.
LFGGGGGGGGG
Gonna call a fat gap down on NIO tomorrow right now
GET YOUR AMAZON 12/24 CALLS NOW WHILE ON SALE. FREE MONEY
[deleted]
Here's what just happened.. Pelosi had a presser and talked about the stim, then Mcconnell was interviewed between meetings in the hall and said he can't see a stimulus over 500B.
350-347
Fuck commie Lebron
bought puts at open
Made 6 percent on portfolio
Sold
This is a cash in ur gains market
Dang. VXX is returning some of my money back, but I'm still down 9% total on my election VXX play. I think I'm going to hold and see if the orange man creates more volatility due to the false notion that this election was "stolen."
That's risky, it's unstoppable
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mannnnnnn this is about to be a nasty sell off
Anyone who saw me saying close positions and SPY weekly puts, congrats on being up 150% already.
[removed]
This
Very weird that tech not mooning
If it approaches 3000 I’m all over it
Gonna load up on PYPL calls EOD. Who's with me?
Damn I had a sell order on my puts from this morning fuck me. Same time my ba puts order wouldn’t fill which has nearly doubled in price since. I’m taking the day off
Buy the dip, buy the fuking dip!!!!!!!!!!!!
Biden
Dow puts ❤️❤️
Lol
The ink is going into the printer for my SPY puts
I just bought SPY puts       SPY will moon
i see i see.
V time
No
This is true just saw a bunch lol
Volume still nothing 🤨
Puts for tomorrow? Cant say Europe will be pleased with this shit!
Don´t even think about fuckin with the mouse
@deepfuckingvalue how you holding up, GME is not looking to hot with Console week. God bless
Shares 100%. Options if they're long dated!
Let me guess. Jpow opened his God damn mouth again?
Word. Exactly this. I trade of Ally and use robinhood frequently to scope the market.
SPY puts isn’t just a trading strategy, it’s a lifestyle
Right after I buy calls wahhhhh😪
bearish weekend?
Yes 100%
[deleted]
Man. SPY straight selling off.. Wheres support?
That's the saddest thing anybody has ever said.
taking profits before earnings.  Pretty standard been warning about it all yesterday
NIO bulls. I pity you.
being a bear when market irrational is patriotic: CMV
Wtf did powell say now
BABA 😡
u fuq
oh no
Hey bulls suck my left nut and get fukd retards lmaoooooo
the word you seek is *casino*
RKT I hate you so much. This shit is torture. Lately it looks great then gives up most of its gains in 10 minutes. I need to jack off. Fuck
Sold my puts at the 11:45 low, sad pepe
Drill team 6 reporting for duty
Lord Mikhael VIXov hath risen from his grave
[deleted]
it really is a gift....
Blame it on the rain
Alright date / strike on nio puts what we doing boys

Nio mkt cap 65 billion 
Honda mkt cap 50 billion
[deleted]
if it gets to 350 it's getting to 345
NIO also reported a 150% sales increase from last quarter
Everyone buying now
JPOW doesn’t say anything that’s out of normal  .. MM need a scapegoat for selling and poor dude is one
SPY PUTS PRINTING HAHA SUCKERS 🐻 🌈
$FSR

$FSR

$FSR

$FSR
At least a dollar or 2 for at least an hour or two. Regroup, then lift off again
Yea I sold to gloat in peace
Fuck it im all in
what just happened to spy
People sleeping on Fiverr forreal
So what the fuck happened to cause this dip again?
What’s causing the dump?
We really dumping now holy fuck
Relax, its the scheduled lunchtime 💩
350 here we come
Pls tell me your secret to success.
Nice... what positions? And what’s your next move?
why do they call it a stock market of there are only 4 stocks?

RKT, NIO, XPEV and a flavor of the day.

More like a stock monopoly
HAARRRDDEERRR
You guys told me I should take a break an focus on school, so I inversed WSB and went to NIO university 😎
1 day obviously
Made 1k 🤔
well central banks just said. bulls are fukt.
We declare war or something?
How the fuck is BKNG not selling off here!?!? Fuck this stock holy shit
Expected a bounce at the mid $352s, but if it breaks $350 next support
I'm tempted to do that but I'm holding shares I bought for $3 at the moment, I kind of want to keep riding them up
If this gets to 350 you should just take your profit and run
I just bought.....cue the NIO dump....
That's bold but it would be great for my 2/19 20C.
[deleted]
They can't 😂😂😂
alright dumped that amzn 3100p for 28.

fomo back in at 21.X
She mentioned the minks oh noooo
covid outlook not so good despite vaccine. ny schools are going to close again.
SPY WTF Dogg?
what resistance? it was in the 340s just four days ago lmao, zoom out
Same but still getting fuked on these amazon calls
Sector rotation into NIO
Just live differently
still a normal Powell dump, I believe it's another like 40 minutes until he speaks or so
**PANIC!**
fucksake can we just make a r/niostreetbets at this point?
Algos in charge for a lil while. Will reverse soon
im cash gang now
hedging
Position too small.. 2.5k for options, 10k for shares
Repeat after me I lost everything STOP BUYING START SELING
I needed L E V E R A G E

sold some this morning but still have 50 x $13c for UVXY
Did Powell say the n-word?
wtf rkt
$FSR just overtook $NIO let’s go baby.
Get that free stock
Time to move ALL MONEY to China = NIO.
Return to monke
Holy shit
But it keeps dipping!
I bought Nio just in time
Looks like the ps5 and Xbox are back on the menu
Oh god I can't believe I was able to buy 8 options with the money I had and now could only afford two of them from nio with their premiums and as I type this it's selling off. I bought 48c 11/20 and 48c 12/4. Someone reassure me
[Actual footage of FOMO NIO bulls waiting to buy the dip](https://youtu.be/3-_OIDRL91c)
Thanks fam I need to hear this... Lets fd some puts.
KILL THE SPY
These trading platforms are all shiet
DIS keep falling you whore
we welcome you friend

now get on all fours
do it EOD if anything
oh hey vix wussup
You gotta fight my brothers for it, just like me :)
Thanks though, it’s good he’s no longer in pain. 

Likely a fear of reporting the income.. As to why, no certain answers. What is clear is that he had extreme paranoia. Tripled padlocked doors, barracked windows, kill-switched car, guns, surveillance cameras, barely spoke to anyone, etc. I’m actually surprised nothing was boobytrapped. With that said, my guess is mental illness.
Tempted to buy more AMZN
[deleted]
Couple months back I bought 50 nio 15c leaps and wrote an essay on here about why I felt nio was gonna blow up. After a month or so of little to no movement I sold it. Moral of the story: don’t be a fkn retard
That’s more like it
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   43.0|6.9|7.05|6.91|3.27|143.893%


NIO 43.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2e2xw&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Anyone buying Disney puts for earnings? Or we don’t fuck with the mouse
Shares good, options bad for this one
11/20 16c
Bad idea amigo
Wtf? The universe is against him? His dumbass brain is against him. Dude has zero conviction. Just chasing short term plays. All he has to do is buy something he believes in and just hold it, and he would have made a lot of money. Him losing faith in his purchases and selling has nothing to do with the universe. It's his fault he is weak.
Hey guys quick question is it smart to hold my NIO 11/27 calls to expiration then sell that day?
I bought shares of the homebuilders 3x ETF NAIL this week and was looking good but now it just DUMPED

WTF
Big F for my portfolio
Why market tanking lmao
Repeat after me bulls, " I have monthlies."
Go back 5-10 days and look up your exact comment. Guaranteed you’d see it twice!
Docu? Hold? Sell?
*tumbleweeds drift by*
11/20 NIO 43c is a gold mine, I guess its time to sell lol
everytime Jpow speaks smh
Think of the minks!
Wait... You guys only buy calls and don't buy both? Lol
DOW turns negative/~~positive~~ as fears/~~hope~~ for increasing/~~decreasing~~ COVID cases dominate news

Hire me CNBC
Never
Wtf? Why we selling?
Up 110% of my portfolio today. How are people losing money???
Mink talks going well
Swear robinhood feels like a game
Is this normal Powell dump or something else I missed out happened ?
Too bad I bought my puts the fucking 30th
I just have a sell limit at 15.25 in case it spikes due to more Covid vaccine news
Nasdaq you little bitch
Uh, since you bought a put, wouldn't it keep going up? hm
Yeah sure AMZN isnt making money bruh are you fucking retarded?
Buy high, sell low retard
economy is gay
UVXY calls and SPY puts name a better fucking combo 😤 💪🏽
I bought too.. 💀
I got Jan 15s. Gonna open this bad boy on Christmas
If SPY prints $350 today, very good chance it sees $345 tomorrow imo
Maybe I should’ve held my 354ps 11/14 until we hit 351... ah well
Because the Chinese don’t want their EV market to be dominated by an American car company. The Chinese know their population loves EV and their country has predicted that by 2035, gas cars may not be prevalent within their country. Even if it dips back down to 30 range, the long term growth potential is off the charts.
I had the my finger on the sell page at the same time as you but held on longer, let's buy puts for tomorrow's morning dip.
BTFD!
Is this NIOstreetbets now?
i got a bunch of vxx calls
Buy the dip pussy
[deleted]
rule 5 - bad pnl screenshot
Having an off day over here..feelsbad
Black thursday please
There goes rocket
I hear you man, I hope I’m wrong :)
Friendship ended with JPow

Now bears my best friends
Oh, and today I'm looking at picking up an INTC call. Still doing DD though, not sure yet. Next support should be 44.50ish
There ain’t no more dips, just buy and enjoy the ride on the rocketship
XPEV up 30% after ER very promising for NIO

what we thinking? 40%? 50%?
I sold half of them for a small loss like 49 minutes ago smh


The rest are almost breaking even, still a little ways to go! Hope you’re making some good money too man
0dte Spy puts can do wonders to your profile
Virgin Tech getting clapped by Chad NIO today
you can’t time puts
(unless of course the Fed Chairman fucks up our supports.)
My dick and balls are so shriveled and sweaty for you Nio/xpev boys
Alright who's buying NIO puts here
SPY dropping hard.
STOP THE COUNT!!!
Holy shit dude so we drillin drillin
Lez get thru it together brother
Where is the panic? Hello? Bears, are you still there?
Its just money man
 Li Auto going so high could mean that the earnings from tomorrow are already priced in.
[deleted]
Li has earnings tomorrow. Think that will affect nio?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Less Than Half Of Americans Likely To Comply With New COVID Lockdown: Gallup

ZM/covid focused algos seem to be starting to understand this lmao...with a few pumps here and there so they can get out better - wonder if Masa - son has sold all his $1.8B, and what price he got in at? a hahahahahaha
That’s true, even when companies beat earnings. But PLTR isn’t going to do that...
Sold me dang amzn puts too early.  Maybe it'll bounce off $3100 for a quick call scalp.
JPOw the new bear god
how far out
Hope it’s teue
SPY breaking through 353 resistance ... hmmm
It’s not a bad move and usually I’d say yes after a substantial percentage gain but not until Monday if at all.
wtf pretty much every sentiment &. positioning shows bullish & all in. nothing wrong if one is happy for the yield. because I dont know how everyone can get out of that trade.
Time to buy puts
TANK TANK TANK BEAR GANG CHECKING IN
Ty mate 😭
Bro literally what i was thinking. Shit is not making sense.
Vaccine news tanks tech... rising covid cases tanks tech. I wish I can just punch the shit out of one algo trading machine.
Goodbye SPY
I got 100 molecules of NIO and they keep me good all damn day.
looks like those vix calls yesterday were not too bad
Nah just early market sell off. It’s only down 1%
Traders have chosen to invest in Chinese stocks as the safest investment vehicle.
VIX to low IMO 
Need to move up to keep everyone on their toes
Diamond handing 11/13 50c through tonight for the ITM tendies tomorrow
ACB DRILL ACTIVATED
Donnie dump needs to shut up
[deleted]
For sure
I seriously don't want to live anymore.
pltr is flatter than your girlfriends chest
Everyone and their mothers is selling SPY and buying NIO
To the MOON! The big rock. Like hitting rock bottom. 🌚
You have a few more days. Or jump on LI before tomorrow
Where is the glorious url?
Research Mrna
Aren't you that guy that got blown up during the election buying puts?
Yeah man come ride the wave with us
If they didn’t have that vaccine pump id agree.  Probably flat
NIO soon to become TOP Auto Company in the World... cuz China.
Spoke too soon.
Never too late, this thing is on a rocketship to 100
Guys, don't mean to alarm you but uh: Vix futures up 6.5%. Tighten your shit up!
Why the drill?
VXX shares almost in the green. Slowly creeping up
75*
[deleted]
[deleted]
Made 1k this week on two retarded trades. For no reason at all I sold 50 NIO put spreads and bought them back today for profit. Why did I make such a stupid trade? I just started following NIO.

Stupid trade #2: sold Google call spreads on their last big up day,.monday. only thing is I meant to sell Nov 18 and ended up selling Dec. 18th. Jeez. Also sold for a small.profit.

I am lucky either of those didn't fuck me. Maybe I am too retarded to do this.
Nope I bought in again today, already up
Should i buy PFE calls?
“Hey traders” virgin confirmed
Economy failing but I guess EV sales are booming 😆
[deleted]
I divorced that stupid bitch, when I do buy a car it will be a 911 turbo like this dude. Nice two seater with no room for any stupid kids. Always wear a vasectomy
FVRR holding up like a champ. Bad Economic outlook = more fuel for growth.  Recovering economy? Even better 🚀
Bears need 349 gone
Chinese EV is a safe haven!
NIO RSI crossed 80. Fomo back
very very
these are some GUH candles

meanwhile LI/XPEV/NIO vrrooooom
You should try doing the opposite
Got me real confused there for a second.
Ooof
SPY 11/18 343P I bought an hour ago starting to warm up the printer
PUTS ON ME GETTING A PS5 TODAY.
Rotation from NIO into BABA incoming
Oh so this is how you make money on spy puts.
Is tomorrow another pump?
*deafening silence*
It's pricing in good earnings report, won't go back down until after earnings (if earnings don't make it moon more).
HANDS UP BABY. RIDE THE ROLLERCOASTER.
Dip NIO let me the fuck on *shaking cage violently*
You called it sir
Janitor?
Found the retard
Thanks, just bought 22 calls for 50$ 11/20
Let's ride boys. 11/20 $49c.
Nope, 100 EOY hAvnt you heard?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Look at SPY getting propped up lol.
Alexa play free falling
Yea I bought 2 Porsche’s wish I never had.
absolutely.
Dow droppin.. Nio rockin
ER is literally Tuesday. Use your head dumbass. If you wanna go this route do it tomorrow or Monday. 

Or lose your money. LOL
Pulling out NIO tomorrow? Who’s in it for the long walk to 100?
Bro you forgot 6 or 7 zeros on the price. And the year
Nio'd be a real mfer if the did an offering.
Amazon is overpriced  
Isn't making any money now because of the economic crisis (which is getting bigger)  
And is facing regulation
never too late
i will toss very salad on this sub for spy to go to 340.  god bless
I thought that last week and I sold my 38c that  would have expired in December way too fucking early
There was, bought 45c for .69 this morning
I scooped up shares when it dipped into the $460s the other day. Gonna let em marinate until they hit $500 again. Nf shares have been somewhat predictable lately i hope the trend continues
https://www.forbes.com/sites/frederickallen/2013/01/15/cat-beats-professionals-at-stock-picking/
Is this the SPY crash I have been hearing so much about?
It’s been consolidating for 3 days
Don’t get your hopes up bud
I’m honestly impressed how good I am at buying high and selling low
NIO 55+ after ER
Please be right
Eh it’s just a small position. But point taken. Got burned the same way with nkla
Good thing I'm outside cuz I almost died laughing...dealing with a cat situation right now
It's spelled "Lozze"
i'd say 335 and even that is too generous 😂
It is for envirojesus
Guess we're drilling all the way to the ber dens
Ha
I’m starting to get the hang of actually making money. Just park your money on some dumbass meme stock that is rising and watch as haters buy puts and lift the price up
20$ strike?
Yes, but XPENG sure didnt. Another Chinese EV could possibly follow its lead, right??
Dude wtf why trading so flat
amzn and spy exp. next week. down 50%
[deleted]
not looking too good right now but I still believe that we see a bounce to ATLEAST 290 EOD
This is a bear trap has to be right?
What was the 1st support line? What’s the second?
I had 4 of them. 8k + off the table while also losing 4k at baba
Do you hate money?
He don’t give a F about nuthin!
at least through Tuesday (earnings release) and maybe further if it does what XPENG did.
Looks like wsb is on the right side of the rug pull this time with pretty much everyone only in nio/xpev/li
This is the way. https://i.imgur.com/YSB6xM5.jpg
I can smell the sweat in these bulls’ cheeks bout to get clapped.
Bro I sold a covered call back when it popped to 25. Never bothered buying it out at a loss ever since. Been capped at a 56% gain since in what could have been 206% by now. Sad times. Thought it would chill there and retrace a bit, but it was only the start.
Because the same thing happened last earnings lol.
You've seen this happen at least three times over the last few months.    NIO only knows up.  Green skies coming!
Earnings ?
Never
Lol
Relatable
Bro I really hope you held
<3
full ass rug pull? jeez
ok for people who actually make money: is holding appl calls and spy puts (or vice versa) a solid way to make money while hedging? pls help, thinking about how to make money for once lol
Erryday
VXX? We are on the way up, hoard up UVXY my dude
It was up 14% yesterday, consolidated with 60 mil volume down 4% today. How is that dog shit? Lol. Panic sellers all jumped ship at open and now it’s just on the launch pad. Shit, I just bought more 15c for next week. Risky play, but the FUD here about earnings is incredible. Could see an easy blastoff after earnings just as easy as a sell off.
TSLA can never dominate China... cuz China.
It is if you're as dumb as I am.
Nio puts anybody
Ok boys I switched to calls. Spy rebound or destroy me
[removed]
That edict would be so awesome.
Why, stuff always gets fucky around earnings
guh
Today or tomorrow these nio 47p are printing
Good thing I picked up a bunch of UVXY calls yesterday sheesh
Weeeeeeeeeeee
Too late to join NIO?
youre good bubs. IV was gonna get ya anyway
wow
This morning I woke up and had no idea what to make calls on I saw ppl talking about NIO and said fuck it doubled my money thanks wsb very cool
[Average change for Friday the 13th](https://i.imgur.com/8TEhYtW.png)
This shit is retarded. It’s drilling except the stocks I have.
We got this!!
Wtf aapl
I CANT MISS WOOOOOOOOO
🤫 let them play
Regarding baba and ignoring the news around it and Anyone who understands charts doesn’t the consolidation for its weekly chart look bullish as fuck?
well I guess I was wrong
holy jeez
FVAC anyone?  Sweet sweet rare mineral mining...
Someone bought 10,000 contracts of IWM 156p 12/31 and 10,000 contracts of IWM 141p 12/31
You could go up 400-500% by inviting a friend to lose money with you on RH
I have them too I'm probably gonna unload.
How? There's a huge sell-off on calls and buys on puts
welp i fomo back into 3100p for amzn.

pretty sure it'll go ITM at this rate the way QQQ is dying
SPY price target: 350
Good job, bb. Daddy proud.
Cant get funnier than Softbank - what a bunch of tools...

[https://www.ft.com/content/0edb7c17-58e6-4ded-acfa-1822440a926c](https://www.ft.com/content/0edb7c17-58e6-4ded-acfa-1822440a926c)
what? someone shorting like that?
Falling wedge on AMD
You see it’s falling now after the double top?
BDFD autists
Is nio gonna go up tmrw?
Why? The information is good, the play didnt work. I love when guys on here get all horny for a play and when it works out they cum all over the place but when it doesnt they cant take responsibility for the play they took knowing the risks. I bet you blamed your mom when you came home after having to repeat the 8th grade for the 3rd time too. Im guessing you didnt hedge yourself either like a true retard.
I bought at $2 and sold at like $3.50 :////
AAPL continues to be one of the most boring stocks since Sep 2. God it’s so lame
Imagine not having a Chinese portfolio and being exposed to the whims of J Powell.  ✌nerds
guys......UVXY.....
Marry rich and have an Onlyfans account.
You misspelled XPEV
Buzz Lightyear is the official mascot of NIO
[deleted]
Or sell your body for monetary gain. It worked for me
I am numb to my $20k per day swings...
These Ching Chong mfs cooking chicken Nuggets
Some asshole reported this as vulgar.  HAH!  They can go buy a bag of dicks.
Proper word is altered. And by that, I mean its altered from experiences as a kid(think fight or flight response predictability varying from person to person), why not alter to provide your cells the barriers they need to punch back at this virus since they are obviously subject to it, regardless of age or gender. Yeah you might feel better after a week, but as we are seeing, there are long term complications...I am by no means a doctor or genealogist but just a thought from  another hooman.
Then close them now before you take a massive loss. Like seriously
Yes
RKT stay up you POS
>company hasn’t been profitable since 2003

That's my point. That is *known* and therefore priced in. Surprise would be to the upside.
Li capped at 40 fam
not even sure
PLTR bulls are going to be scarred after today
Calm down, PLTR is NIO on steroids. Maybe. We just need bulls.
COME ON BABY KEEP DROPPING
Lol....always secure profits....there is chance always to pitch in....
You bought nio calls at the top? This is what I call a retard
Who do we blame this drop on??
NIO $50 EOD LETS GET IT
lol bro I don’t even wanna talk about it...I sold mine at $3.60 this morning around market open
Consider the intrinsic value of your options. What will they actually be worth at expiration if the price stayed the same.
walk away
Only if you’re going to be a doctor or engineer*
[deleted]
Haha thanks for the advice man
I hope soo
[removed]
Show me an example of Bull Trap ?  Last 15 minutes of yesterday’s trading hours and 1 hr after open today
Can confirm you do fall into the high end of the spectrum.
all EVs are up 9-30% today though.
Xpeng earnings were this morning.
Could have yesterday and I ended up throwing down a bunch on tsla fml
In Netflix calls. It can’t possibly keep dropping, RiGhT??!!
News: covid cases up, econom fuk
AMZN: oh no, better go down

News: vaccine good
AMZN: oh no, they won't need me,  better go down
Xie xie
and what makes you think that is the case?
11/27
Teacher:  NIO, what does the word “down” mean?

NIO:  Hell if I know!!!
I have gotten burned lately, trading on news. I've done well just seeing what's moving and joining the herd, selling at reasonable gains. Market be whack. Trade what you can see, not what "they say".
no
Positions or ban
their cars suck
Oh my god everyone sell NIO now, people expecting it to 5x on an earnings call when it's still cash flow negative.  


NIO is not actually Tesla, guys.
Lol
Right? was up 160% on AMC and held. down 40% now. diamond hands til $4.50 or jan.
I already did, I bought back at 46.56
YES
Yup. Going back to around 294 EOD
I think so too.
holy shit
sold 200 shares at 45 this morning. have 100 left and a deep sense of FOMO.
Thanks makes me feel better about selling my 47c 11/13 yesterday for 50 that's now worth 230
[deleted]
Long NIO, JD and PDD, and I don’t even notice spy and qqq are dumping 😂
Lmao this dudes fuckin with the mouse. Your on ur own brother
Oof
this is fantastic! what editing software are you using?
Push VXX above 20 and I'll coom
If you took profit you have nothing to be ashamed of. If it crashed you’d be in shambles
I'll pull out of NIO when my wife's boyfriend pulls out of her. So never.
Would have bought puts if I knew he was speaking today:

   **Fed Chairman Powell says the economy will face challenges for the next few months**
There is nothing about Corsair that stands above the rest for me. Their main selling point is memory, power supplies and peripherals, in an already saturated market. Unfortunately, most people will buy whatever the top streamer or YouTubers are running and for that reason, I'm out .
nio just has to have that fat drop, ill cop some leaps then, but dont theta fuck u more than u earn?
Ok that's good...step aside and watch....
Sell some of it unless you only have one call option
Im dead, calls are dead, I just needed a green day. Bought calls on the opening pump and I am fucking dead now.
no one uses logic, yesterday i noticed a cup and handle pattern on VIX which is bullish for vix, i told people and they laughed at me and said i should burn my money instead

pltr is in a descending triangle which is bearish, they also have insanely high volume already and a falling stock price indicates a massive selloff incoming
[deleted]
No covid in China lol
[deleted]
Darkpools?
BABA up 0.30% 🚀
RKT with a perfect double top.
Lights.. Flashin.. Lights<lights>...Flashin
Switching to NIO puts don’t care if it go broke I think we pull back tomorrow
Any play beside nio and xpeng and li ?
[deleted]
What's the floor?  350?  Any bear janitors here?
buy some calls to spread some of those, fam, if not all of them.
LI 30$c 03/19/21 sell before earnings or hold out? Not feeling autistic enough to make a decision.
Is it worth it to buy the BABA dip
11k contracts bid on spy 11/13 340
Nice spread you got there bro. Now dump everything on NIO. 😆
Let the tendies hit the floor 

Let the tendies hit the floor 

Let the tendies hit the floor 

LET THE TENDIES HIT THE FFLLOOOOOOOORRRRRRR
Political Bullshit
Been holding puts since vaccine day. Only made 800$ but its fine. I dont see this going back to 140. If i had to guess a fair price. 130 135 max. That is if they perfomed good.
I hear you man, you make very strong arguments, I am just skeptical on the pop given that the company hasn’t been profitable since 2003
Dis going to moon on earnings.
So bored I’m gonna be so rich I’m going to college just for the parties
Come down to pappa nio i know youre scared up there
fr though green all day everyday baby. bears starving to death as we speak
Buy back in!
Idk, but calls on civil war.
only one was yesterday for $39
LMAO I've never went all in on Chinese stocks before this week...NIO 50 and LI AUTO 50
Are more people participating in the stock market? Yes.
Are this people as smart as financial professionals? No
I like how Woody has to point upwards to NIO. Realistic, because NIO will keep hitting ATHs.
NIO is the honey badger reincarnate. He dont give a fuck about no covid and no market tanking. He. Just. Dont. Give. A. Fuck.
Jpow started talking and the market started selling
Good job!
No more money
u think it will meme soon? oh boy i hope
Everyone is talking NIO....im not feeling too good
Bull trap
I am pretty sure disney will go down AH. So probably you guys should buy calls
I have no horse in the Xpev game, but this "Chinese EV euphoria" is gonna end in tears for investors.

I worked in big China tech for 5 years, and the short story is that literally everything is a lie. All the numbers are a lie, all the company stories are a lie, and they are mostly just little government-owned shit shows that bleed money.
Really, just press the buy calls button
Anyone playing SBE?
up 16% on spy 350P 11/20. keep printing pls
NIO ER Next Week... Hmmm $250+
imagine buying SPY at $364 on Monday LMFAOOOOOO
#NIO 150c 1/15/21
Just not into TSLA...haha
Bagholding because I think they should be at 27-30. Undervalued and the buyback is bullish as fuck but some analysts don't agree. Those analysts are gay
Only institutional investors gain on SPAC investments just like with IPOs. Statistics show that it's best to wait until after mergers are complete and original investors have cashed in. This doesn't mean you can't make money, just that it's not likely based on stats
Someone please explain why nio won’t stop going up
355 right where we’re at
But that’s an obvious scam to someone who isn’t invested in it. This would be big tech going down all around the world at once
Didn’t you hear the news? No more NIO dips
Mmm I don't remember lol
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   45.0|5.8|5.9|5.9|2.98|144.93%


NIO 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 11 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2d8zp&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I'm in NIO and I have FOMO that I didn't put in more
Yolo dis puts, csco puts, nio calls, and xpeng calls
289 is the bottom for today on QQQ
Hey it’s you again 
Thanks man. Took a loss selling half about 30 minutes ago but I should be close to breaking even on the rest of my puts
I did as well 🤷🏼‍♂️
Xpev double top. Can it break through? Tune in to find out
Ez 300% from NIO. I wanna sell but haven’t gotten a 10 bagger before
WAHHHHHHHH RUG PULLLLLLLLLLL WAHAHAHHAHHA MOMMMMM
Sold my NIO calls and switched to SPY puts. I’m finally winning son!!!
Ik it's crazy I'm like it'll go down a little more but I guess not
Wow
Oh boy do I wish I still had to nio 11/27 $23c I sold for $230 each. Now worth 2.4k
Can someone please make me feel better about selling my NIO 11/20 45C for 4.30 earlier since it just hit 6.
When are you buying back in?
Why you playing penny stocks
Traders trade.  Investors hold.
wish i took screenshots of all the nio bears the other day. wouldve made a lovely compilation today 🤤
NIO $2500 4/20
[deleted]
[deleted]
Holding through the night
Man I feel like going yolo on this now. But mind is like stick with whatever share u have for now. What ya'll say on this dump more $$$ or stay safe and keep what I have?
had to buy nio to stop the train
Good opportunity for January calls..🤯
every comment about nio lmao
Just bought a nio put for $4.20. You all are fucked
Puts on your career choice
yep down 50% on spy calls... was supposed to be just in and out....
Hold these tomorrow 353P or walk away up 100%
Even Boomers aka NIOanderthals are raving about it
Yeah, just a little antitrust one.
Take your profits :)
at least BABA seems to have stopped dropping.
About time for activision to shit itself
Fucking Amazon for fucks same
I sold at 47 so don’t listen to me!
351 close
Depends on tomorrow. Have to watch Li Auto earnings to see what’s up
how many minutes until Elon tweets about Nio again
I’d drive a sexpeng up my arse even though I’m not a gay bear
Baba found resistance ! Not following spy currently
[removed]
There was a tiny one this morning, lasted about 5 minutes
[deleted]
Cut dogshit PLTR here?
# WTF UVXY
There’s gotta be a NIO dip today right?!? I’m waiting ever so patiently hahahha fml
RKT 🚀🚀🚀 RKT 🚀🚀🚀
Goodnight
those NIO 50 EoW memer's might have been on to something...
🥸
I think the najarians def buy and sell options all the time. They’re probably on this sub

They prob do it in a Roth or just set aside taxes each trade
After hours, yeah
Just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in.
Meme stocks or bust
It was never your profit so don't waste time getting upset about things that didn't happen.
[removed]
NIO is like someone put trading onto easy mode
Just hold NIO dumbass and stop overthinking it
> even if you get close IV is gonna murder ya

What does that mean exactly?
my 400 shares of NIO making me rich
still holding my 10k worth of NIO shares @$30
you right, buying more fucking calls
I only sold 15 contracts, up net $450 right now
I think up, but my hands are sweaty. You can't go wrong with long calls or just buying stock.
My god NIO god bless you
Fuck me good you little Chinese electric slut
yes does not matter. nio is selling 50 cars a month and worth 60 billion
Yes the options are retarded.  Stupid options dont know you need to pay rent
Limit sold NIO calls.  Paper hands for me.
what expiration
Lol gonna have to research! JUST DONT LET ME BUY SPY WEEKLIES THEY MURDER ME LOL
growg has been on such an insane run, its just a chain of 25 grow shops valued at 1 billion dollars somehow, one of the highest p/es out there, what the fuck lol
Same. 😤
done
I'm long PLTR but bought a few $13.5 puts expiring 11/20. I think it'll drop on earnings, but I'll probably still sell them this afternoon because I think the IV crush will ruin them anyway. I'm still learning and have no idea what I'm doing.
wow
Everyone is rotating out of ETFs right into EVs
Never good DD here anymore
not much, they are only the distributor
Get down there ACB!
Imagine making money
NIO I’m hard
done
Yeah. After hours
[deleted]
Would have been nice
should have got in during march retard
[deleted]
Sold one of my calls, diamond hands on this last one now
Yeah just boring having to minimize risk and reward to climb back. 7.4k account down to 2k.... I’ll be back
After market closes, yes
[deleted]
Going to wait for NIO to hit 50 and then buy puts on XPEV
I just looked - bought NIO 30Cs for 13K, sold at 42K. Would be worth 152K right now lul
Hey remember when NIO was below 40, all of like 27 hours ago?  Lol this stock is the beastmaster
gotcha, is it sweet? I remember orangies being sweet lol
A break of mid SPY $352 takes it to $350
weenie hut jr LMAO spot on
Well at that quantity the entire purchase wouldn't necessarily have to come from one seller, would it? Honestly don't know
Uf, my NIO puts are not doing the absolute bestestest.
Is there gonna be a single nio dip 😭
NIO $250 Next Week
Oh okay well god speed son
2 days of sub-40 reading on DIX .. Should sell off more but who the fuck knows anything in this rigged market
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
IV
You've clearly never been to china
Thank you
Diamond handing SPY puts LFGGG
Holy fuck Xbox Series X is a 10 bagger.

It's selling here usually for £449 because of national lockdown and  limited supply it's reselling on eBay for £5k!!

Fuck stocks. Buy PS5 on market open asap!!
Literally sick to the stomach. i have not ate because of my calls.
Disney you sweet sweet bitch
sold NIO, buying 30k in TSLA stonk.   


I got your back Papa.
Bussy*
[removed]
This must be meant for someone else lol

Buying spreads OTM is still vulnerable to IV btw
[deleted]
So retarded when the underlying is up and your options are down 

Baba up .5%, the options I bought yesterday down 7% 

 https://imgur.com/WdyX5KL.jpg
[deleted]
SPY is falling
Disney earnings are today?
Lol the IV is so retarded high even my puts haven’t lost any value
How about never
[removed]
[deleted]
F
Iv
[deleted]
the dumpsters behind Wendys usually have scraps
Don't forget to take profits :)
COVID mooning. Still time to get in now.
oh boy
NIO but not all rn average into 50calls a month out. Sell half before earnings
SPY was up for no reason yesterday.
It was oversold more than Amazon. Lockdowns going into winter are kinda superficial with regards to Amazon.

Lockdowns, especially for schools which seems likely, means a move back to more remote learning.

Plus, Work/School From Home isn't going anywhere for several months.
But if people can’t use it it still has value?
I sold about 6k worth of LI, NIO, and XPEV shares yesterday. Fuck.
It’s true. Buy before ER.
NIO is going BRrrrrrrr
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   380.0|0.2|0.21|0.22|-0.11|16.64%


SPY 380.0C 2020-12-02 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2cxs0&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
So these guys at CNBC constantly buy and sell their holdings everyday just for the haltime report? They must either love getting fucked by short term taxes or full of shit
345
*^(wow)*
Yes, buy calls.
Gonna pump to ATH by 4pm
Already did that during the battery day fiasco. Tbh, feeling sadder now. lol
Why tf ain’t my puts printing 🤛
wow
I shouldn’t sell these 11/20 spy puts huh? More red to come ?
Sell NIO when
I saw NIO at 20 but that also feels like a lifetime ago
Lol absolutely not, biggest fucking weenie hut jr I’ve ever seen on CNBC.

But god damnit, he fucks too.
Just buy and stop thinking
yep... lol ye old paper hands here lol 355P :(
I like NIU as well tbh I believe in the future of scooting
[deleted]
Should I sell my SPY 380C 12/02 from some of this China EV action?
I bought calls today for 12/4. Honestly I'm not sure which way it's headed.
It’s a skill to be 100% successful at buying the top
down
What spy ending at tomorrow
[deleted]
Meeeee
Watching my 50c 12/4  NIO calls.

I'm torqued
up. need less electricity to run then. puts on energy companies
Why did we turn off easy mode? Bring back easy mode please
I GOT OUT OF NIO $50c AT .70 AND BACK IN AT .80 DONT MAKE ME LOOK DUMB
done.
I'm just saying anecdotally I'm no chemist
NIO bears screaming bloody murder
[deleted]
NIO what are you doing step-bro!
We are giving TSLA love, Chinese TSLA
Nice
cause IV is huge u retard
My puts are down, my calls are down.
Chinese dont care about SPY
I think NIO put holders need a support group
Jesus market tanking and NIO is like “i dont give a fuck”
[removed]
[deleted]
Alright guys so all in PLTR for earnings?
1dte calls? This is the way
I don’t
PLTR to NIO sector rotation happening.
Is it just for that specific account for the specific time period, or is it linked to your social security across all brokerages? Also do you think I could just deactivate my account and then make another one? I’m scalping and have yet to find a brokerage with better execution for orders of 1 option contract
Sold mine for profit this AM, will try to re enter Friday Monday. I think today is a bear day and I’m out of liquid, otherwise I’d get back in end of day - HD is too moved by SPY and SPY may hit a low today.
nio is immune to the market lmao
Fuck I may actually execute these NIO calls the way it’s going
Gamma squeeze makes it a safeish bet at this stage:
https://www.reddit.com/r/options/comments/hk7nqe/tesla_infinity_call_gamma_squeeze/
Statistically if you buy a put you’re gay
NIO... Diamond Hands bruh... Easy.
You’d feel even more sad if you didn’t have a stop loss and it continued to fall.
Call me old fashioned, but I like my cockteases the traditional way.
[deleted]
thats retarded but because it's NIO has huge pp itll print
25c 1/15 you?
IMAGINE TRADING AMERICAN EQUITIES LUL
Dude that hurts...I swear if I don't buy the top, then I don't buy.
On Jupiter
clearly logic is irrelevant with NIO right now
Zoom has retard strength.
Just opened up a SPY hedge, this market is making me a bit nervous.
Nah fam they scoot. NIU is gonna be bigger than NIO
Why is SPY dropping so hard, I don't see any sector suffering right now.
I myself do really get hard for the RH green
We’re going to tendie town boys. Going to blast straight through 50. Papa Asian Elon
Down 3 percent since Monday.
DIE SPY WOOOOOOOOOO IM NOT GETTING EVICTED ANYMORE
I've turned into fucking Owen Wilson watching the NIO chart
Consider giving tsla some love, its lonely
You pocket the 25 no matter what. The only thing that you have to look out for is getting assigned if PLTR is above 20 tomorrow at 4pm
[deleted]
Omg nio my pussy is so wet
Wtffff source? I’m going all in if this motherfucker is betting on his wife lmaoo
Bought NIO a few days ago because it wasn’t a green day. Didn’t even know there was earnings
imagine not buying chinchong EV's when Chyna has all but vowed to execute people who don't have electric cars in 2025
Me too, my friend. Godspeed.
you playing earnings?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326941383983304704?s=19

What would the ramifications be if this were to happen. How could this be a tool?
Bought 40 shares @ 15.30 wish me luck
I know you will think this is a conspiracy question but I’d like an honest answer. Let’s say theoretically trump did post proof of election fraud and every social media site hit their kill switch and went down. Would this make tech go up or down?
[deleted]
I just bought 51C at peak. WE belong here
Missing out on 59k in profits so far with NIO. So sad. I don't even make that much in 2 years at my job.
[removed]
[deleted]
Totally agree.  Up and down a few hundred in options on RH, I completely obsess over.

+40% YTD IRA in index funds.... I don’t care.
is it? I take it like a boomer in the AM with my breakfast  

&#x200B;

Adderall = 25% levoamphetamine, 75% dextroamphetamine

&#x200B;

Vyvanse = 100% dextroamphetamine

&#x200B;

I thought it was the levo that got me going back in the day railing addies
Anyone here with PLTR, are you holding past ER today?
But Tesla calls is shit? For the past monthss
Little late my dude but good luck
I’m buying nio 45p eod no matter what it closes at. The potential reward is too enticing
you fucking hate to see it
AAPL will be back on top one day...
rotating out of s&p500 into nio
Vyvanse and weed will have you on god tier
[deleted]
Okay we’ve got a fucking runner
Haha u said do do
Fuck this, sold my stocks and put it all into NIO.
Someone get Mark-ass-Brownie into an ET7 and a sit down with Li himself. Nio to the moon 🚀
JPOW said 40 but who the fuck knows
I've been buying calls for end of the week I buy them, this is like the never ending ATM machine. I'm done for this week, will see how tomorrow and next week shapes up. May do a much smaller call through ER next week and then decide what to do after depending on how stock reacts to ER.
[removed]
Xpeng trailing nio, who will win the race? I got calls on both
is Moderna reporting vaccine trials tomorrow?
Holy shit, sell your mother and load up on Nio 🤡🤡
Hold Li 11/20 call thats up 25%, or sell before earnings?
Nio at 22 me: it's too expensive

nio at 33  me: its overbrought 

nio at 40 me :its too high

nio at 50 me :it is cheap! all in calls now
NIO to the moon or die trying
It's $500, idc about that much of a loss, but hey, if it hits, its a free $500 just for playing.
What strippers? they all on OnlyFans and Webcams now bro. even porn stars and celebrities hopping on the train.
Where will NIO be this time next month??
EOD
NIO is... the one
Sold some puts yesterday.
I will never trust numbers on Robhinhood anymore, always will cross check on Yahoo Finance.
$40 squad where you at
NIO XPEV LI slurpee my kiddies baby
[deleted]
I get what you mean. He just does NOT look like some optimistic, bullish chad at all
ka-ching-chong
No. Don’t ever sell
[deleted]
That’s retarded enough for me, I’m in
Man gambling addictions and drinking problems are way sadder when you can't leave home

Why the fuck couldn't these fuckers have stayed home the first time and worn a mask? I could've been getting syphilis from a Vegas hooker after blowing my savings betting on the broncos this weekend. 

Instead I'm buying tsla calls in bed. Get your shit together America.
But the first episode was so good!
I smell a dump similar to the September TSLA Bubble
Can you say 50 EOD?
I don't believe in Diamond Hands, I usually tolerate a 20% loss and cut losses and try to make better plays afterwards
I’ll sell NIO at 300
Which way is PLTR heading? Serious answers please.
Give it time, it’s in smart money status rn
bullish?
Tesla was 65 not so long ago
Low Quality Shitpost
god damn the NIO short sellers have gotta be so red at this point
we are going to need our own NIO daily thread.
[removed]
I’m terrified I can’t pull the trigger on NIO it’s too good to be true but it is true
wut?
Just bought NIO 65C. Am I retarded?
Whoever said that Lyft $33p 11/20 was free money... you’re a dirty liar and you’re losing more than me because I bought $34.5p 11/20
Big rally, guarantee
NIO is the 💩
You don’t?
I WANNA BITE IT BUT I DON'T!
Trump is no longer lending his support for a larger deal and is leaving it up to the Senate and Congress to figure it out.  This guarantees no deal until after January 20th.
Womp womp
NIO 50 EOD?? 55 EOW?
I wonder if there is more than one site, I found marketstream.io makes me wonder how many users are just fucking bots
Nio and li puts going up as it moons
Truly living the dream
PTON here we gooo. Thanks Beyonce.
I just got all in same expiration $30c. Diamond hands, hero or zero, you know the drill!
Thank you.
Home Depot calls next week ?
When it's a going for $450 in a year or two it will seem dirt cheap.
Bought QQQ at the top today. You love to see it
[deleted]
Buckle up and helmets on, shits getting bumpy 👷‍♂️
lol, nio. The one time Im conservative on my strike date instead of playing weeklies
It's a pretty good alternative nose beer.
I'm excited
oh so 12k —> 54k
XPEV just quietly up 30% rn...
Me too  I’m going all in 40 for next wee k
BA showing strong support and with potential China news next week could be cheap lotto tickets
Left my screen for 15mins to vacuum my place and came back to an extra 5K. Thanks nio🚀
Funny thing is, NIO is still only teasing us.
#SAY MY NAME “ NIO “!!!!!
Distribution
Wtf Nio. Price action tells me they will
Announcing an offering at their ER
Damn man i just realized Mexicans have to cross the Rio Grande but Africans have to cross the fucking mediterranean to get to whiteyville. Bless you be safe⛵
The price is just going up because no one wants to buy
Nasdaq double bottom, you know what that means!
[removed]
IT IS BUT IT ISN'T! OR IS IT!?  
I'm freaking out!
goddamn NIO
[deleted]
People who sold NIO calls “STOP THE COUNT”
[deleted]
He just looks like a simp, but underneath that facade he’s got big huevos. I laughed him off when he talked about the market rallying after a contested election, but the motherfucker is right.

I’m going to keep listening to this retard.
Bro don’t fuck with the mouse please you will lose all your money
Nio always pumps on Thursdays. The rest of the week it sleeps
I'm with you.
NIO bears in agonizing pain right now
Guess which retard had 5x125c 11/13 => me.

Guess what the retard did? Sell yesterday.
STONKS🤡
Tomorrow Fri the 13th
Both. I’m a little retarded and was envisioning the yacht I’d buy if they went ITM after earnings. The part making me not $rope after these is I have 850 Nio shares avg $6.95, so made like 45k on that. Holding shares is boomer ik
What about it?
Jerome pulled a fucky wucky on my cally wallys uwu
Dont jinx it you nonce
XPEV getting to $69 by end of day
Agreed.
DKNG pooots or don’t fomo earnings?  Thinking 11/13 41p
Been selling nio puts and I keep buying them back to quick... Unreal
Should I cut my losses on my PFE 11/27 39.5 calls im already 67 percent down
MELI... get hip our quit
Ban
Fuck my NIO Ccs might end up itm tomorrow. Fuck fuck a duck
[deleted]
NIO 100 EOY?
EUROLADY - YEAH  WE'D DO A ONE WORLD DIGITAL CURRENCY.
I here, enjoy the gators. DeSantis said you can shoot and run over protestors. Have fun and/or watch out!
niO iS LUcKiN tOo pOiNt OwO


Chinese people don’t drink coffee. Do you know what they *do* do? 

Drive.
Is there any ticker for vyvanse cause this stuff is the shit
started at the bottom we still here
That second Mandalorian episode made me sell every trace of Disney I had.
Okay but sometimes it takes so long for a strong stock to go red that by the time it happens the price is higher than if you just bought green before
Yeah screw those bears!!
Big dump coming
Lets go NIO XPEV SOLO!
Damn dirty dog data dog of dimsdale dimadome go up
seriously man, rkt is so off
How retarted can 1 be
Sprung out of PP, amazing Data tools, helped find Osama.  Gonna see huge decline in expenses.  See 1.1b rev/700+ mil profit after Q4 earnings
Time for puts
I don’t know wether anyone is buying nio at these insane prices
Earnings 11/17
rug pull comes at $2500
Is it my dad ?
[removed]
in the past week ive made $3000 on nio calls.  I wasnt even holding them the whole time, I got VFF calls for 3 days in between which pretty much did nothing.
JPOW Can't pay strippers in $htcoin.  Strong demand for cash.
Markets stalling out, come on drop you bitch
No joke. Do you like having money? If yes, press the "give me money" button and have some free money. Everybody wants to be a millionaire but they don't even know how to be a dollaraire first.
this /es level is the October high.  I don't think we break this.
401k: +40% YTD. My trading account I obsess over every day: -3% YTD. 🥴
NIO lifting WSB out of poverty
NIO 49 by 1:00
Leeggoooooo
[deleted]
they’re worth 4 cents but I don’t wanna pay $16, fuck these bears I wanna buy them back for $4
Unity anyone??!!
Nur Amerikaner sind so schlau zu WSB deuten!
To all that panic sold NIO yesterday, I hope you learned your lesson
Wait till next week when NIO announces quadrupled revenues.
Now THIS is r*tard strength
NIO 55 EOD
Seriously, why in the living fuck is pfizer tanking?! How in the shit does that make any amount of sense... I swear to god people working in wallstreet are fucking retarded, some Chinese EV company that nobody knows is valued higher than volkswagen and people are selling pfizer who has already sold millions of vaccines and are probably going to sell billions. Not that I’m complaining about the Chinese ones, I’m making bank there, but still, doesn’t make any sense...
bye bye VIX you dirty slut!
My 100% accurate crystal ball is telling me it will close at 273 tmrw.
$10 day on XPENG
it's no more oppressive than the US government, imo, so I'm not gonna lose sleep over it
Come on CCL calls, print by 2023
Looks like spreading all those rumors about NIO in chat last evening did the trick for today.
It’s not even at 50 yet why would we pull out?
the problem is your not buying the dip
Go on...
too many buyers with PTSD
yep
Holy fuck Nio you crazy bitch
Biden loves solar, plug makes solar component. Plug was also my free stock from Robinhood I sold for 3 dollars
Never bet against the mouse.
Lmao just buy NIO. There are no dips, just opportunities
Let’s get this C.R.E.A.M.
I thought these guys were supposed to take a hit after earnings so I held out 🥺😢😞. Same with Li
that also sounds quite thrilling
LOL
I'm gonna wait for 50 before puts
You are mental
what comments?
im waiting till 50, should be hitting it soon. dont blame me if it tanks tmrw tho lol wouldnt be suprised
Just imagine how far NIO is gonna fly when LI reports earnings
more retard power!
NIO BROKE 48!

IMAGINE BUYING PUTS ON NIO LMAO
right, but $1800 investment and 30% growth i can understand that you've forgotten about. But $4,300 investment and %1000 percent growth is another thing
it will or start even a day or two before
Damn Nio
Wholesome af
If you don't believe in NIO then you ain't black
You're already up more than most of us on this sub congrats
Urrrr I mean CAN DEEZ STOCKS GET ANY BETTER TODAY!
Thanks for sharing that. Do you have any recommendations of something that is specific and not too broad that one can have a career in and master a specific domain? I’m looking to filter out too many competing and extraneous skills and do one or two things that I can keep getting better at overtime. A sort of mastery of one thing rather than a jack of all trades, and I am looking to do that with computers.
I’m jacked to the tits in NIO, but when is the rug pull coming. You know it’s coming
buying nio under $50 is literally a steal if you look next year
You can just buy them back, they’re probably worth 5 cents at this point 😂
missed the TSLA train? get in for these CHINESE TSLA's
yeah that's not a good move bro, even if you get close IV is gonna murder ya
NIO EOD $50
do NIO cars run off of caffeine supplied by Luckin coffee?
Shortsqueeze* of the century
NIO Street Bets
I laughed at him being bulltarded in March and April and he was right

I just watched a cnbc panel laugh off his bullishness today 

For some reason I still think he's retarded
Okay bois, pls explain to me why plug is mooning. Like what’s the catch of PLUG
Jpow is gonna tank the market
$FSR $25 for December calls are cheaaaaaap.
50 eod is pretty obvious
PLTR PREPARING FOR LAUNCH
[deleted]
Yes dude it is the Chinese Tesla. This is just getting started, this stock will hit $200 one day in the coming years. There will be other companies by then and we’ll be saying remember NIO? Is this the next NIO?
pls NIO let me hop on again slow down
Oh and i cannot believe you actually bought the 28 calls on rkt. Are you nuts or just really, really stupid?
It’s going to run rest of today and after hours then drop maybe tommorow but that’s big if with all the news there coming out with and earnings just next week highly anticipated
Stop it already with RKT. That 💩 isn’t moving at all.
Its resting for the gap up tomorrow
Ban
If not mistaken around +350%
I have about tree fitty 
Oh nvm it’s 1 10c 1 17c and 1 20c January 2022 bought august 25th and September 4th
Profound sadness
if ur gonna play earnings with volitility this high, use spreads.  That way you play the price action not volitility (which will get IV crushed away anyways most likely)
anyone pulling out of NIO?
jesus christ NIO you fuck i love you. i was so close to dumping into XPEV yesterday too. kicking myself for not.
Just hit $48 lol
i like this DD
Retard
If he doesn’t include NIO in his plate, ban.
Nio is the short of the century rn
What a shit day. Any hope for tomorrow?
[removed]
[deleted]
I have no position in NIO but dude this is insane lol
This is the way
A lot of companies that have been mooning are profitless.... 

Also run up to earnings and sell off right before is a very common strategy. Has nothing to do with pussy diamond hands.
AAPL fighting to break through the $120 limit sell orders
Guys the move to Orlando is happening in 4 days! Gonna be banging out Spanish single moms two at a time!
I mean it's red but not that deep blood shade of red
[deleted]
FUCK YES NIO with the ATH
[deleted]
PLTR upcoming covid tracing deals, gov deals, just getting started, 2021 OTM calls gonna print literally no tits can go up
[deleted]
Pltr going to die or explode?
Yes.
\+1
Everything rotating into NIO right now!
My god...48
Good stock to have in the long term IMO
I don't think it is going to stop...
CRSR is a beautiful baby buy and hold stock who can move when it wants to
People said the same about luckin coffee (Chinese Starbucks) and alibaba (Chinese Amazon) why would Chinese tesla be any different
[removed]
You bears are really holding onto my NIO 37p 11/13? Let them go bro I wanna sell more puts today
FUCK IT,NIO 50 EOD ,LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
it broke 48 WOW
Agreed, I’ll wait until it cools off but at this rate it going nuts
Just gonna ride NIO out of my divorce
NIO 48!
just gotta diamond hand this shit 

were mooning in these next week and a half or so don't worry
I am -$310 currently. Not great. I don't know about his
No but I can
NIO 50 EOD
they are talking on fucking zoom lol
We fucking did it boys
Yes
The WSB daily discussion
I’m just throwing money at spy and tqqq calls puts whatever
It’s too $$$ to be a fetus stock
Omg yes nio harder!
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PLTR   20.0|0.2|0.25|0.2|-0.08|304.947%


PLTR 20.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc2c5xh&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
WSB: *ignores fundamentals and buys calls during Powell meeting*  

Market: *dumps as always*  

WSB: **stunned pikachu face**
What is Pfizer doing?
yes cash out of the 200% position
I got in 2 days ago... I am very Happy with the results and Will not sell for now
Flock to safety!! BUY NIOOOOOOOO
Crooked MM just pumping up AAPL just to support the market when every other stock is shitting ..
[deleted]
PLTR 20C 11/13. am i mentally ill
Do it again
CRSR flat as fuck today
Averaging investment - 5K at $16. The other 5K when it drops to $10 and the remaining last 10K at $7 or higher if it somehow continues up. If it actually rally upwards for some stupid reason I may just put another 5K when there is a dip...

Thanks for stalking my posts BTW
Shit I hope soo
Well done. I'm proud of you. Although I did stay away from rkt, because I'm not a full on retard, i did take advantage of nio today and got in and out in about 45 minutes and did pretty well. Not as well as you if you made up for your losses on rkt, but not too bad.
I legit wish people didn’t post gain porn here, then maybe I could.
i need this so bad.  more than a tight snatcher to be honest
I’ll pay to watch
[deleted]
Hyper drive
Use that 1 cent to YOLO Dogecoin.
Fucking NIO holding up my entire portfolio today goddamn. 

I'm just holding shares and I swear to god I'm pulling in like 1-2 grand a day just from this thing
Coffee stains.
[deleted]
Nio 48!!
high than avg vol and falling stock price indicates incoming selloff
Actual market cap: Nio - 64 billion USD Xpeng - 30.6 billion USD RKT - 43 billion USD

Robhinhood: Nio - 51 billion USD Xpev - 17 billion USD RKT - 2 billion USD

Is Robhinhood doing some kind of scam by showing companies as undervalued? Or is it just they are careless?
Lol what? Couldn’t disagree more. Shares or leaps are definitely the most intelligent play with this stock. It’s a long term winner
I think that’s a safe bet after this run. What strike ?
[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326941331143483392?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326941331143483392?s=20)

>POWELL SAYS FED IS COMMITTED TO EVALUATING COSTS, BENEFITS OF DIGITAL CURRENCY  
>  
>POWELL: HAVE NOT MADE A DECISION ON DIGITAL CURRENCY
My first correct play of the trend was selling KNDI at $9.30 before it dropped to $6 with earnings before open. I let fomo get the best of me with too many to count
Lmfao the bids on 11/13 340 SPY puts are insane
There is no such thing as a national lockdown in the US.  State governors have exclusive authority in this area.
Buying $NIO calls at 3:59
Nah, this is like having sex with your best mate but you make sure to say no homo. You can’t be gay like that 🤔
[removed]
Okay, I'm still up 200% on AMC, should i cash out my options and switch to shares if I still believe in them, or should I just take this charity and wait for another good win?
Cash Rules Everything Around Me

C.R.E.A.M.

Get the Money

Dollar Dollar Bill, y'all
Can't leave port
[deleted]
NIO 48!!!!
Don't fight it

The MMs will bring NIO to at least 50

All we retards can do is hop on for the ride
Last time Powell spoke last week the market ripped after.
48 !!!
just literally hold and dont panic you have more than 2 months left on those and theres no way we dont see 60+
Shut up with your hedging
“rOTaTiOn OuT Of teCH”
NIO 48!
Sitting at support. Might jump or crash
sell today. you'll lose too much to theta overnight.
[deleted]
[deleted]
48 WALL BROKEN
Universal automation = Universal Basic Income (Unlimited stimmies)
Puts? On The Mouse?  

You’re going to have a bad time.
It won’t do the thing where it dies on earnings?
So close to selling qqq at the bottom. Twice. Shit is giving me anxiety.
is the stock market gonna crash
[deleted]
$QQQ Dec(31) 270 puts opened for $5M in premium
New ATH on NIO
BREAK 50
Buying NIO under $50 is going to make so much sense in a few months I bet
this is so me
[deleted]
Just got some puts on xpeng
Ur first problem is u wondering why it’s up it’s zoom lol and will keep going up , world is shutting down schools closing how will those kids learn?
Pretty fucking much.
What do you get when you mix Tesla with Luckin Coffee?
Bought them Monday.

130p 11/20, 10 at $0.98
Bulls cant catch a break this week,  we've been gettin slaughtered.
Buy 3 more at this cheap price
NIO in ludicrous mode!!
5-10 WHAT
Isn’t it too late already? :( or buy and gamble like a retarddd
Tom Lee saying more bullish shit?

At first, I laughed at him.

Now, I don’t doubt that autistic permabull
Question whether we will get a decisive break below 355 or not
so it's an inverse WSB move? sounds like a fantastic play
Instead my puts are fucked
GRWG? XPEV?
Congrats. Fuck you.
Do we close below $354 today?
I don't really want a PS5 that badly, but the thrill of the hunt makes me feel alive
LOLZ I sold like a pussy
So hold my 1/15 50c?
[deleted]
Wtf just buy nio puts and calls, the puts don't lose any value and the calls always outweigh their loses, 1/4 in my experience.

And you can't lose money either, just trim puts on dips.
I got a worthless degree in it though
Printer is now a blender
NIO, can you fuck my wife?
Seems like you just got the hang of it today. Deposit more.
Yeah, but the volume man. I got burned on this before and wish I threw it on SPY instead. Also, he probably wants to play a lockdown in the US as we are leading in corona cases. USA! USA!

But, I’m but a dumbass, so do as one wishes.
Ight I'll get some 450p.
The higher zoom goes the happier I get. Shits going to crash and leaps are cheap. March 2021 $250 puts will be 5x ez
[deleted]
Damn dude losing money and getting negative karma. Moneys ine thing but karma bro? That's gotta hurt 🤣🤣
Do you want me to suck you for bagging my groceries during the Chinese flu?
We gonna rally out the stratosphere by EOD. Dropping 10k on anything calls right now
[deleted]
Nah will bounce off 353 back to 355 EOW. 360 open Monday
Do try and fix yourself we can all get behind that.
Listen up degenerates nio 45p 11/20 every single stock has sold off after earnings except for fucking Lyft
Let’s get spy 345 by tomorrow
Hold obviously. As the adage goes: Buy on the news, sell on the rumor.
[deleted]
lol FUCK TOM LEE
PLTR uppie or downie, flip a coin
 [https://twitter.com/FinancialJuice/status/1326939434089144330?s=20](https://twitter.com/FinancialJuice/status/1326939434089144330?s=20)

> NY CITY MAYOR DE BLASIO: NEW YORK CITY IS PREPARING TO SHUT DOWN SCHOOLS ACROSS THE CITY IF THE TEST-POSITIVITY RATE CONTINUES TO INCREASE.
I bought zoom puts few days ago, shit companies go up anyway huh. Why didnt i buy nio
Y not both
Still too high
They're not going to crush their most important company.  Just a high and tight fastball.  Classic brush back.  Reminding them who is in charge.
HOW TF IS ZOOM UP BUT AMZN DOWN
BREAK 48 NIO
Can go on for a very long time imo, SPX is technically "only" 15%~ over intrinsic value according to prof. Damodaran. Hardly at an inflationary level as of yet

Regarding tech/growth vs value, if I'm honest I have no fucking clue. All I can conclude is that I'd rather hold MSFT, AMZN and maybe some more tech transition stocks like WMT and DIS over something like oil tankers, airlines, restaurants, car companies etc.
Put your money at where you mouth is then.
The Target I work at only had 3 in stock... And 1 of the people got 2 of the 3 available!
V
NIO fucking smashing walls like Samson get FUCKED bears
prob because ......

dweebs like the co of other dweebs ?
“There will be an acceleration of automation.” Market immediately gets a green boner, ignoring the fact that it might mean mass unemployment.
I’m trying to buy ZM calls, in a pub.... smells like sheep
Hold pltr? Till when
Seems lately inversing this sub is the way to go.. we'll see lol
SO CLOSE TO BREAKING 48
no tech without future
i am playing my retarded part
Ban
Wake up PLTR Wake up PLTR. Wake up outta yo sleep! Wake up. Wake up!
Cream get the money $$ bill yall
Because they tailored it towards us dopamine depleted retards.
Holding nio long term is dumb especially after a run up like this
0 or 100
Sell by tommorow and your fine.
Just learn how to code! /s
Braccccceee
Still dead. I think I’ll just check eod. Waste of time to watch these endless pump and dumps.
Anybody who is going to use Zoom already has.

It's not like there's some new untapped market out there of McDonald's drive thrus who still thinks they can do everything via zoom. As time goes on, more people will go back into the office.
SPY 350 by weekend.
I agree, but retard strength is worth a lot in this market right now lolll
[deleted]
Holy shit
I would say 75-80, but every prediction I've made on NIO stock thus far has come true super early. I thought about a month ago that NIO would be 45-50 after earnings, and look at it right now. Jesus.
I've forgotten the face of my chairman
Have fun
PLTR is flat as an Iowa cornfield today.
Ima let you all in on an easy 5-10 bagger next week. NFLX 500c
Yeah, if only there was a search engine on the internet that told you literally anything you could ever think of with the click of a button. Someone should invent that.
let me toss a coin and get back to you
I want to see that LI gain porn on Monday
Anyone got any lottos for tomorrow?
I would say somewhere in 30s is most likely
Oh no! 😲 Palantir is only up 25% this week! How will we survive?
F
[deleted]
[Shamefully](https://imgur.com/gallery/HrzHIgH) , I made more than that back today off Nio calls so we aight. Back in the game
TOM LEE YOU’re FIRIed
Seriously
[removed]
2023 leaps checking in. Holding til they buy me a house.
[deleted]
noooo big red dildorino nooo
JPOW: Tech will be the new economy
Nio leaps is the way
Annual membership start off at  25k 
He has the 7 day pass
Good shit. A good move us a good move.
I stand corrected. Nicely played if you still have them.

Also, the obligatory Fuck you!
Winter is coming
I can’t because this never happened to me with NIO only TSLA 😭never forget 🔋day
tell me why i shouldn't load up on AMZN calls here?
Not selling Nio until we see 55
No way huge share holders don't take profit on a 2,200% year increase and crash it to buy back more at 20/share
Guys I just bought DIS 130 put 11/20 since it’s a week out of DIS fell to 131-132 I shouldn’t be IV crushed right ?
That's so dope. Post like this are what make the stock market fun. Congrats and go fuck yourself!
PLTR volume 👀
The Undertaker, DJT rising up. Election chaos pt 2 and civil war
No answers different, interest rates have been low and will stay there, things over next few months could get “difficult”
As stated in his previous email, it's for tomorrow

&#x200B;

Best regards
DIE SPY DIE WOOOOO
Bad mambo jumbo affects everything.
Same boat. Dumped it
Hey at least you got a silver from me
Looks like the prediction is drilling based on the price drop today. Calls it is
don't do it bro it's too powerful
Give me your gains. I’ll take care of them for you.
Check that drop, scalped puts for 40% profit
ya I kno rite it shld be $2000 a share by now like come on !!!1
SPOT is such a piece of shit n refuses to die
Ban
Biggest Log of Shit
Tomorrow
What's the possibility of NIO to 100 by year end?
But that's Warren. Where's Jimmy?
Rip you
Hahaha thanks, i Wish you the same!  I made +25% today with xpev
NIO has made my PP enter the erection matrix
my leaps are chillin
Yeah, pretty strange
Stop gambling and enjoy life.
Down 15% and then flat for a month (then moon)
[deleted]
That's why I love this shit. It does not give a single fuck about American ETFs.
TLDR - Economy is fucked long term.  We will save business, but if you make less than 40k, you are screwed.  More automation, more outsourcing.
yeah I have a pretty good feel for how the fills generally work, it's just that it takes so fucking long to actually place the order
PLTR should I sell before earnings and get some of it or hold
[deleted]
I thought we were rotating back to tech now we are rotating back to March lows?
Fuck you Jpow
Hey! My dude! Right there with you. Took all of Oct to work past the AMD loss, and lost double that on BABA. 

You’ll make it back.
[removed]
if it does 💦💦
It's gonna dump hard soon > super crowded trade right now
Well today isn't going well
Anyone's PS5 show up yet?
no future without tech
420.69
One of us.
expiration?
Lol thanks, I hate it
NIO $50 EOD
Wrong for intraday but u might wanna check ur math
Ok why tho?
He already spoke dipshit
That tome i bought NFLX PUTS Before Earnings and it droped $30 but my puts still loses $ 

Thats where i learnt IV crush
Yup. Im mega bullish on pton
I'm in the same boat. Haha just remember back to when you held too long and lost it all
dont get how u guys buy nio calls, y not shares man, ur not gonna time it
You would think with all these Covid talks zoom would be rolling right now
powell pump this shit
Strong than expected recovery, but will be challenging the next few months. Need more stimulus.
I think when most people say that they are talking about % of initial investment, right?
How hard is it to make more PS5s sheesh
oh i've been thinking its possible. But i've gotta say, i don't think they will. I feel like this hype train is almost impossible to stop right now. stops are set, and now i just wait.
My guess is that it never goes to court because there wasn’t any widespread voter fraud and the whole thing is a ruse to raise money.
Realistically i can see $60 by eoy
Maintaining a diversified options portfolio for the first time. Losing money on everything.

🤡
HELP IS NOT COMING! Dark ❄️ WINTER
Get your priorities in life figured out m8.
It is around here
Aren't they talking stimi tho?
Im holding. It’ll dip tmrw.
I’m with ya.
I love when people make a play and it does the opposite and they literally just are like, “Why is it doing that?” I know the feeling dudes I know
I sold a $26 call I had cause it dipped from $28 to $26 I thought it was crashing
[deleted]
id say 70 is pretty conservative but 100 wouldnt be too far away
Friendly reminder: look at nio,spy, qqq during sept 2 softbear selloff, and look at nio today.
Nio dont give a fuck about american  etf stonks. LONG LIVE THE PEOPLES REpUBLiC 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
Pandemonium
30
 When SPY is a straight line down like this, I wonder what the market knows that I don’t.
NIO hype here is too much like SPCE in June, pulled the trigger on 11/20 47P
> CELH

wtf is up with CELH. fuckin beverages up huge?
Hold my 353 spy put for tomorrow or na? Bought it at spy 355.5
What the fuck.

Trade Time -  1:33 AM
Unusual options activity detected on NIO

12/04/20

63 strike

CALLS

46.88 spot

1,300 @ 1.95

BLOCK

$254K paid
He's having a meeting with the ECB [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCo5yfQkdZ4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCo5yfQkdZ4)
BUY THE DIP!! lAst ChanCe
Get a real broker
I’m not convinced we’ll see profit but I’m hoping for at least encouraging earnings that provide scope
Mr Bezos please!
🌝
I’m the guy who lost 3k on AMD when they diluted their shares end of October. Then bought up bunch of baba calls after earnings sell off only to then be met with anti trust laws and vaccine news. Another 4k gone
dont worry, the stop is set. rest assured, i will make money today.
What did JPOW say
EOH
That wasnt very cash money of you SPY
I feel the $XPEV going insane is the indication of the final end to this bull market.
Printer jam again?
Dude would be dead before the news hit
Means your bis is too low. If youre placing a call on a stock skyrocketing u need to increase your bid/ask
What’s NIO running to by Christmas? Real predictions?
Ok. All in 65c expires tomorrow. Let's go
Nobody playing U earnings tonight?
wont be that low again
Hm, DGLY crushed earnings.  There’s a name I haven’t heard in a while.
CRSR why don’t you pump to 30 real quick so I can unload u fucker.
i may have sold my spy 355P too early.. guh sold for 30%... prob be over 100% in 2 mins
LI IS FOR THE ONES WHO MISSED XPEV AND NIO
Hey actually managed to resist FOMO this time - sold shortly before the V, was so tempted, but thankfully held out.  First time for everything, I guess.
THIS ECB meeting is a bear's dream.
i tried and failed as well, fuck WMT
I’m dumping money in.
It just keeps going up 😂
100 before next November
i regret not  selling calls when it spiekd up earlier this week
[deleted]
I think I have a disease.  I can’t even enjoy the profits I’ve made on NIO this month all I can think about is how much more I could have made if I had YOLO’d instead of investing responsibly.  What do?
350 NIO SHARES
It was always up to Congress...
Kamala and transaction taxes would get real spooky
Anyone who didn't jump on the Xpeng and NIO train is retarded, literally free money
I have an uncomfortable amount of PLTR. I am putting too much trust in my former lifting friend at college who is an engineer at PLTR now since he was smart asf
Only selling if it breaks 14, if it does look out below
Yes
I like your style dude.
I would just like to congratulate all my brothers who diamond handed their NIO weeklies through the blood
Looks like I switched to SPY puts at the right moment today.
PLTR earnings predictions? Mooning or dilling
Everyone here should just go to /r/theMatrix for how obsessed y'all are with Neo.
An hour
Dam right load up before we smash 50 boys
[deleted]
Lol 😂
[deleted]
Probably doesn't even know the difference between boofing and shelfing
Will do, diamond hands.
What forum or other mediums other than good ol' WSB are out there that you used to strategize a nice little pump and dump like this?
Fisker gang gangang
What just tanked us?
[deleted]
it went down instead of up
Same
When does jpow speak
From experience man. I was up 36k before elections and got greedy and fucked after. Lost 15k. Took out 15k and playing with the reminding 6k hopefully I can work back up again. I made a put on Luv. Let’s see how it goes.
What exactly is your investment strategy? Your screaming about crashes, manipulation, profitless, pos stock, then talking about going all in at market open and now you're predicting a 50-75% drop after earnings!
I dunno I made a fidelity account to do all my boomer trading on and honestly I like robinhood more for a lot of reasons, especially for options trading.
3 11/27 baba calls down 83% - my only hope is that baba is one of the few stocks that can rally. I just want to recover at least 50%
Let's see it.  Come on, I know you got it
31!
u right
Lmao, I'd honestly make a lot more money if I could plan my trades during PM, execute them and then go back to bed and come back before EOD. Easier to have diamond hands if you're not staring at the ticker all day
All I know is my gut says maybe
LEN is up but AMZN down? Really?
They say autists are attracted to Robinhood’s shade of green. Blue not so much.
Puts on Walmart, couldn’t secure da ps5
and we are red across the board...
oh my god fucking robinhood pisses me off so bad sometimes. place an order, wait an eternity and by the time it goes through it's increased 50% 😣
People will start hoarding again so, $COST,
$WMT
The spy’s gone baaaad!!!
What if JPow says, “in my opinion spy is too high”
Not bullish enough
Held this junk this long, might as well hold..wishing I went all in on NIO instead
advice to retire early?
BABA believes in Flat Earth
how vro
one of you retards best tell me where to swing or I'm gonna start blasting
I’m sure he wishes he can trade in his $380,000,000,000 company for a $65,000,000,000 company.
Good old Jimbo, yes i can confirm once again that he has indeed said that.
PLUG
is Moderna reporting vaccine trials tomorrow?
ban me dildotits
Why would it go up lol. Although it’s a fair question to ask because the market is completely irrational these days and makes no sense
Fuck it PLTR earnings 16c for tomorrow. Godspeed
NY shutting down, tech time!
If this 354 holds is going to 352 by eod
NIO IV is fucking CRANKED we’re looking at 150 eoy
Don’t forget the PDT rule. I was up 30% on my spy call yesterday before close. Couldn’t lock in profits because of PDT, now I’m down 30% on it 🙃
Come on AMD you can do it, moon to 90 plz
[deleted]
same wtf
Waiting for the dip to get back in, come on 38!
Youd think we live in china with all these tickers in here
It was a smart play to pull out.. i probably wouldve but i woke up late. Nio is meming but it shouldnt have a 63B valuation
When does spy report earnings?
You are a god
Also what does Friday the 13th have to do with mkts making technical moves???
I mentioned it earlier this morning, but all this silly buy-up has already made Nio the third largest auto company in the world by market cap.  Bigger than everyone but Tesla and Toyota.  

It's eventually going to crash really hard, but I guess the ride will be pretty fun for some people until then.
how much net profit? 12k to ___?
I was also thinking of a longer expiry as the results of the data may not be fully analyzed and released that week.

I'm hoping public sentiment will think that so long nothing blows up, it would be deemed successful at that point in time.
All you guys sitting on nio are missing out on a real american EV company FSR
POWELL ABANDONNED YOU GUYS!!! 

Time to loose it all bullllzzzzz
Jerome guh Powell
50 eow at least maybe tmrw if its a good day
How low ACB going today?
[deleted]
gay volume
I have 350 @ $27.16 so help me god. I will buy more after the dip. I have another 1k I can put in.
Robinhood just looks good and runs smooth. I trade on Fidelity but I still use Robinhood to look at everything.
Buy this dip, it'll reset to green in less than an hour. Heard it here first
Because I touch myself at night
[deleted]
CCP pumping cash.
Can someone tell XI that NIO is still worth less than TSLA, and that he needs to pump it harder?
Sold last 80% of my NIO, waiting for the dip
NIO up 2300% this year.

This reminds me of 2015 CSGO crash, and I'm playing 🤡
Putting this up on the fridge!
look at the volume and pattern
Best Buy is the Nevada of releasing PS5s
Market shit the bed, but nio don't care
[deleted]
Positions or ban.
Holding long term calls, bought weekly puts for tmrw
Who is supporting this shit
[deleted]
Looks like the rest of the market is selling off sad times
Tsla selling off and rotating into nio,xpeng 😂😂
Tbh I don’t actually think it will close above 50 after earnings, but after seeing XPEV moon today one does have to wonder if the results will be similar.
By when? 85 EOY
What's your position?
How do you expect me not to FOMP into Jackie Chan products
[removed]
Is there evidence of people actually buying and selling shares instead a monkey pulling leavers and reading WSB?
yeah
NY schools might close again
YES CNBC KEEP THOSE BEARISH HEADLINES ON SCREEN
$200
You son of a bitch, nice!
[removed]
Synopsis of JPOW? in a meeting
Vix rocketing and SPY dripping
Jerome fucking gay bear
50%, but since its intraday youre double wrong.
"long as fuck"  
'Feb 2021s"  


Oh, wsb... never change
https://imgur.com/a/A4GPJBL

How do I prove to you that I didn’t look at my IRA? I got pumped when it hit $6 for awhile then it fell again. I gave up and looked back when it was around 35. To the moon 🚀
TOLD U SEXY RETARTS about XPEV AND CELH.  hope u got on board.
Ouch. Someone grab the Neosporin.
I love when bulls are fucked because they've been capitalizing on a fraudulent market/system for months. These 5% intra day swings have been interesting but I miss when things made sense
Kamala isn't president for 2 years yet though...
Why is spy dumping
Even though if NIO dips, I'm not selling cuz mamma raised no bitch!
All y’all tryna chase NIO should look into Fisker 🙄🙄
Gotta time it super well
What do people think NIO is going to run to?
Fuck me fuck you SPY
PLTR to my dick, at least i was able to get back some losses from my plug swing, nio, and spy puts today. Smh
12/18 35c?
AMZN and AMD. Puts on the letter A
I gotcha. Sometimes patience is a good thing when it comes to this game though
Most buying Playstation
not much further, Li has the least room out of the 3 chinese evs
NIO 50 eow and 100 eoy
Fake news
RKT giving me the chance to get my money back,the retard in me says hold till tomorrow
He's got some skin in the game now.
5% on boomer ass Disney is a lot, lol.

I'm investing far more in collateral for NIO tho
Technicals tell me $350 is in play soon
Not retarded I just would have waited to buy puts right before earnings knowing there will be run up until then, your strategy makes perfect sense tho, good luck
Good as fuck bro!
Upvote if you’re holding PLTR after earnings... downvote if you’re selling
#lofi hip hop radio - beats to relax/study/buy the top to
Imagine if you bought 8 or 10 tho ;)
Because I keep buying NIO
Lmaooooo
These nio premiums go crazyyyyyyyyyyy nothing 200 or lower
I straight up told them I need the GME stock to go up lol. "you buy from Gamestop, they make more money, their stock goes up, I make more money, then I'm happier and my class becomes more enjoyable."
Lmao
Imagine how good it'd be if you read the posting guidelines.
RKT always moons between 1-3pm
What's going on. Why is it dropping
did the same yesterday, ull be glad u did
"Fuck over 16 calls"

What does that even mean?
[deleted]
Thank you Jerome, very cool!
Imagine wanting to lose money this badly
Y’all trying to buy NIO puts clearly weren’t around when TSLA was leaving short sellers naked and afraid after draining their accounts. Retard strength is worth billions, I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again.
Super disappointed in AMZN
How did you do this
No no no. I'm also a retard!
Step UVXY what are doing?
Guh
75 bucks downtown Houston gets you a drivers license and working SSN
Wow I didn't know you could get that low
Fomod into NIO. FUCK ITTTT
GME Bulls are dead, can't even break $12 during console week
FVAC only up 3% today kind of disappointing after yesterday lmao
Don’t worry it’s gonna tank
E*trade does too
Tomorrow Friday the 13th in 2020 I wouldn’t hope too much
godamn
Tell me any more shitty stock than AAPL.
3 months is not long
I'm off the paypal 💩coin waitlist.  As if you cared.
Nio xpeng going to pull the shortsqueeze of the decade
Pdd sell off eod
Yeah instant deposit rules, but I was shifting money from account to another so I hit my limit
Wendys pay me shit money 💰
$10k in baba calls. Let’s get it
Except people did want it at 30
Bruh you can instantly deposit up to 5k while having $0 in your bank.
Bought calls on PLUG. Top confirmed
[deleted]
Wth. I thought stonks are only suppose to go up?
Do you have a decent amount of cash. If so buy everything on credit card and pay the entire statement balance every month.
massive pltr sell off incoming by eod
When does 3M moon? Before or right after 2nd lock down? 

Biden admin provides free masks for entire country and locks in a 50 yr contract to provide enough stockpile for future pandemics.
6 FROM BEST BUY MY BAD
Try restarting and hope you spawn in the game being rich
Hold my AAL 11/20 puts through tomorrow?
[deleted]
Impossible to stop
Low volume... gonna move big one way or another?
[deleted]
\^NIO \^Puts
lol, it happened to LI as well.
how much you up /contract, if you don't mind me asking?
lol someone asked on quora, if I have a stock option I want to sell and there are no buyers - how do I close my position?
[deleted]
FSR calls
ACB should get burnt like the weed it sells
Full up, unfortunately, never really run into this problem but was moving money around
[deleted]
I didn’t even know that was possible. Congrats!
Lmaoo it should've been 6 from Best Buy
Fake bear trap. We're poised to hit record highs under Kamala
AMC long play stupid or stupidest?? Big backlog of movies coming after vaccine and buyden covid resolution
I think my mom is holding my $9.1m so I don't spend it.  Maybe yours is doing the same
It will drop 1-2% at most before mooning to new ATH.
[removed]
He bought?
Sir this is WSB. We don’t do math here.
I'll take this 4% today
jesus mayne, what about fd's
What’s wrong with baba?
[deleted]
Awesome, can't wait to add more shares.  If this shit dips to $4 I will be a rich man
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Im fairly certain we are getting shut down again. Help me waste all my money by betting on it.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsy2cl
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsy2cl) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/dopaminedrip18, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
SkeeterFlynch
theoriginofstorms
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
looking pretty ugly for QQQ
Huh? Literally the only good feature on RH is instant deposit
I believe you are due some thanks!
Those Bangkok “women” love tendies
Stay strong no matter what, it will print by the 19th.
[deleted]
Too late to enter LI? Or?
How could you know that? Tomorrow is their first earnings. They could say anything. 25bil market cap. Tomorrow, people might think it deserves a BA market cap and you're smoked.
Same but damn its hurting to bag hold this
Instant deposits, yo
Meme gang rise up 🚀
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
My NIO silly sell price on my 11/27 37c just triggered.  I set it weeks ago. What a strange (nice) world.
Don't make friends with the mafia there, they dont give a FUCK!
270-273
looks like mods removed your post. 

Was it the one with a title PT $180?
Fuck it I’m holding this last call I have as a lotto ticket, through ER and everything

YEET
is Moderna reporting vaccine trail tomorrow?
Qqq puts expiring tomorrow should be good.
That's not what he does anymore.

Don't you fucks remember the last three times he's spoken?
Huh baba will be 300+ in December
Stephen Weiss: *The ones who will lose money are the Robinhood day traders, because they always lose money and they will get KILLED in these stocks*

Why so mad Weiss ?
👀
Nio dip rn buy before it hits 48
You guys keep buying puts and I’ll keep making free money selling them to yall
TSLA is coiling for a fucking ridiculous move but your guess is as good as mine. I'm long as fuck on Feb 2021s
Is it possible to recover from an under 200 credit score or should I just get a new identity??
went in before that got announced... bagholding now
Good luck man. I sold way to early this morning and feel like a complete idiot now even tho I made money
If only Robinhoods deposits werent so slow, oh well, good for temperance
Did the same yesterday.  Y’all are welcome
Sounds a bit gay
It's up like 2300% in no time. What do you think?
NIO isn't gonna "dip"  
It's gonna crash  

##**If you didn't want it at 30, you don't want it at 50**
But nkla didnt  have anything to sell but a guy who knew how to pitch a idea
NIO 48 EOW already priced in
That’s why you are on welfare, uttering and repeating bullshit
U are a silly goose, aren’t you?
This week has been so predictable since Monday morning. If you lost money somehow you are probably autistic
Uh oh... JPOW gone KPOW the markets with those comments.

RIP
[deleted]
Sorry I didn't spend 15 minutes to write you a 4chan riddle babygurl
This is not a bad idea at all. But why not just buy 1DTE Thursday EOD and let it ride to Friday afternoon when all of the options contracts are expiring? That will cause more volatility which is what you're looking for. VIX heading up today is a good sign that this might work tomorrow.

Unless the 1DTE are drastically more expensive than the last 30 minute 0DTE.

Seriously though this is the best advice posted in here today.
Get more Nio you can’t have enough
And honestly it's like a fucking perfect bull flag
Damn forgot to get my PLTR puts because I am NOTHING without Yahoo Finance App telling me when an ER is 🤡
This game is so hard with low capital
Hope so... loaded up on 16c.
Oh I did a few weeks ago, but I was hoping for a green spike today to push my leaps higher.
🕴
[removed]
Life is good, i entered at $10
I would like to know as well... I’m guessing it’s a pullback bc of the upcoming earnings today after hours.
***100 Per Share is FUD on NIO***

***I repeat, we are all gonna make it WSB boys***

***we will turn clown world around***
You slund lkke the guy buying cdos in 2008 and tech stock during the dot com bubble
Lol I did the same thing
Nio has retard strength
Nailed it
Wait for the next dip and buy back in
KMI if you wanna diversify
Anyone else read this in jim cramers voice
I think this flew over your head.  Google cap gains tax and estate tax or wealth tax  Biden.
Powell pump incoming
RKT love to see it
[deleted]
Isnt the vaccine suppose to be coming?
Fair enough point. I’m not rich enough yet to have that problem. Wanna send me some of your dads free tendies? 

On a real note: sorry about your loss. Why do you think he had 20k in cash under his mattress? Was he a hoarder/pack rat, or didn’t believe in banks?
Except he definitely didn’t say that. Stop parroting bs right wing nonsense
There's a 3rd player that's slightly less expensive - Li (another Chinese EV automaker current @ $30)
CHGG 11/20 80c wish me luck
Hell yeah. NIO 55 BY TOMORROW
ok
Me after blowing up 3 (small) portfolios this year buying OTM 1DTE calls : I’lL fUcKiN dO iT aGaIn 

👁👄👁
[deleted]
Upside or downside
I got some 44p this morning.  Wasn't a great choice.
Why arent people waiting until Q3 reports? (Newbe)
Fuck you
yes, retail moves all stocks, the people who claim otherwise have a poor understanding of the effect of options purchases on underlyings.
I too have 18c for tomorrow, your gut is my only hope rn
Why? Chinese antitrust is serious business
> It's very very obvious that a stock sub 2 bil market cap and 1 bil in revenue is undervalued. Bring it on

Why is that obvious?  You're looking at maybe $500m gross profit on $1b, and that's before you remove things like shipping and customer acquisition cost.  

Casper has a customer acquisition cost that's huge, like 50% the price of the product, I don't know if Purple is similar.  If it is you're making next to nothing on the initial sale, counting on reorders for profitability on a product that is not reordered frequently.
NIO
Buy the NIO dipp.. buyy buyyyyy
HOW?
I think a more retarded play is $60 calls for EOD tomorrow.  

...for which I executed on this morning for 2 cents a piece.  I'm sitting on 515 of those bitches.  🤷‍♂️
Nio worth more as BMW and almost same as Daimler.
NIO 48 incoming!!!
What if Li misses biggly tomorrow causing NIO to fall?
Yes. Already jumped in and out this morning for a quick $1400
All PLTR long term holders listen up.

Todays earning will very well crash the price from $15 to $7.50 and maybe $4 in the next few days. Many pussy diamond hands have sold, or are selling before the bell. Many will sell once the price plunge to under $10. But know that AMZN, MSFT, AAPL, FB & NFLX have all dropped below half of their IPO price. Believe in data analytics, their ability to reach all corners of the world with their human tracking, and their billionaire CEO who is a PayPal founder and FB first investor. They may be the next Microsoft, Adobe or Salesforce.

Tldr: $12 Puts are sure to print after they blow their earnings for this profitless company...
[deleted]
Where u think it ends friday?
Weeklies? Good job. 

11/20? Get back in.
i mean, the math isnt that hard
[deleted]
Fuck that. Every man for himself

Wolves of WSB
Are you sure 🤔
That’s the fuck right
80% on XPEV shares, probably sell.  Gotta be a pullback after this rally, no?
You’re not there until you sell
CRSR dead
I'm starting the think that a 2nd lockdown is actually priced in this time.
Did your mum just give you your pocket money?
Out of all the chinese stocks i went for BABA... smh
Why am I wanted to get Nio puts now. Someone give me a good reason not to
SPY gonna go parabolic
I am so incredibly tempted to buy a NIO 47P for next friday
pee pee poo poo 🌈💩
I thought about doing the same, still waiting for it.
Apollo is the sponsor jfyi
Hey what’s up all you zoomer or millennial degens looking to get rich or take physical delivery of 50,000 barrels of crude oil
"Bloop!

Hellooooooo?

Hi my name is Mike from-" (hangs up)
[deleted]
bullish wedge on BABA
I know ive never made it above 25k before
Yes buy more calls here.. I dare ya
set stops, take profits, make money.   


Half the people here would be well off if they'd stop riding through every good sell opportunity holding out for that 10 banger that almost never happens
big data, lots of govt contracts. Basically your investing in big brother
[removed]
Hope your as good at sucking dick as you are bad at options.  Good luck homie
If you have to ask...
Great value ark
Pretty sure NKLA had a lower market cap at 73 than NIO does right now
I mean, you can recognize that the chinese government is an oppressive force while also capitalizing off of their industrial strength. Its not mutually exclusive
That's a pretty yikes expiration my guy
to play Cyberpunk
ET7
I have some.......so no
[removed]
Ya 100%
bro g ottta buy the rumor sell the news
Guys, you are sucking this NIO guy dry. Let him reload. Even studs need some rest.
I think you have it backwards. Its diamond hand +200% and then end the day -75%
How will the market react to my dad just having a heart attack...
NIO wants 60 EOD tomorrow.
He showed me his purchase at the time. I hadn't heard of it then. I haven't seen proof that he never sold. I'll take his word for it as he's quitting work and retiring in Thailand though
They have a Chinese Elon to be fair.
[deleted]
My family had the original Tony Hawk game. So much fun
Yes and so far this year tech and growth stocks have outperformed but how long can that really go on? The market will shift to value stocks, it's already started.
NIO better raise their guidance, they doing double shifts now.
question does retail move nio at all
You are going places
What the heck is going on is PLTR
Plug and power
Congrats. What FDs will you lose it on first?
NIO TO $50 IF YOU REAL BULL STAND TF UP
Fuckin sucks, I sold
EOD
they not bad today just sideways
friendly reminder. DONT FIGHT THE MOUSE
Position too small.. 2.5k for options, 10k for shares
IT SMELLS LIKE BITCH IN HERE
9 /11
get baxk in
[removed]
It’s not federally illegal to own an EV.
Doesn't it just depend how you do your accounting? It could be a liability, or it could be a revenue
RKT Is a grower not a shower
LETS PUMP NIOOOOO
lol at paying for a womans education without holding her passport or docs 

couldnt be me
not possible, WSB told us no one shops there
Aapl should go up more.
5k more and you unlock easy mode
because judging by this stockmarket and the retards in it, it will hit 190 monday, again
Or are we making them rich?!?! Find out tomorrow on stonks
Are BA puts smart?
Doubt it justifies this valuation
I'm holding too, you know why? because I'm ballsy, I don't take no shit from anyone
When do the 20C expire
Solo leaps quickly gaining value
Sold my nio call. Would play later if there is a dip
Finally sold my NIO calls, I’m all cash. What now?
I’m back fuckers! I just got a $32/hr job!
Put credit spreads are literally free money at this point!
11/20 16.5C PLTR take me to the fucking moon today
Thank you for the information and for not being a rude fuck head ☺️
You live in china?
kicking myself on BLNK. Owned a ton at $6 but sold awhile ago
Ford doesn’t have the potential to be the dominant EV maker in the Chinese market.
It’s an entire weeks worth of money 😥
Been getting fucked
Step 1: Start with 25k so you can sell losses if they happen (when, not if).

Step 2: ?

Step 3: Profit
You want to cancel out his comments that you say are eroding trust in the election system? Then have the facts laid out in court and win.
Thanks
Yes that is one form of accounting, the other is cash..
Yeah if you’re feeling charitable buy before it dumps more before earnings
Isn't the guy putting his wife on the test flight?

If so im going to up my position lol. I'll cry for him with my money if his wife explodes
Plug is on a moon mission
Evil conspiracy, spies for the government peter thiel owned black hole. Nobody knows really.
why do they keep giving josh brown air time
Imagine you are still trading boomer stock TSLA rather than Chinese EVs which are the future
Losing 75% then Gaining 200% is the same thing as losing 25%
DKNG is soooo gay. Fuck me for investing it.
I just bought nio puts. Everyone buy calls... now!
Well you’re already ahead of the game because you’re using Fidelity, so that’s good. Just hold, it will double in the next couple years
elon reading these posts with great envy
wtf, so was I, lol
Great. Getting cash out of the casino is not easy
Hey just cause it went from $2 to $44 doesn’t mean it’s the new anything let alone TESLA, fuck off asshole
NIO is fucking manic
so what model of NIO we all buying boys? looking at an ES8 myself 🚀🇨🇳😎🇨🇳🚀
NIO please $75 eom?
Fair enough. When I read the comment, I understand it with the emphasis on the amount, not the act. Maybe in a larger, more diverse portfolio ( blue collar stocks for retirement) it’s easier to forget.
i really wanna see nio hit 48 before i sell these 11/13's....but this could be ultra greedy. But what if....it hits 50. and this is why i probably lose more than i should here.
I think I got ya beat with my Party City and Rite aid yolos
ZM calls.
Me watching the graph yesterday seeing it move within the Bollinger bands...
That's awesome, enjoy!
So much confidence and certainty compared to the first covid dip. No where to go but up
It wasn't even over 30% float
This hits close. I paid off my ex's loans and she broke it off in March. I have a new gf now though so we'll see....
Sony you tease. You've got the demand, just let the stock rise.
I think because I bought at 10% today I'll have a chance to make a profit.

If I don't, and it becomes a $30 option, I can just call it  a "hedge" and hold through earnings.

Because I'm not selling my longs even for earnings.

Am I retarded?
6 weeks for my $130 pton call
Come on SPY eat shit daddy needs a Radio Flyer.
Time in The market vs timing the market bruv.

Cheers to you for your boldness
NIO wants to cross 48 so bad
let you?
EV stocks are basically weed stocks three years ago change my mind
you'll be fine
Children are a hedge against limited biological failure (organs, bone marrow).
SPCE
Wow so glad I overslept. The plan was NIO puts ont the open.
Change? LOL
Bro have u read the news? EU antitrust against amazon, they been stealing data and coming out with shit competitor products
Yes, when it expires
I did 270's 😬, wish me luck. Im up 11% so far
Some of you would find No Nio November harder
I didn't know kids' jumping is measured in percentages. Makes me wonder what the hell all the moms are talking at the playgrounds.
BABA and SQ goin Eiffel Tower in my ass
Herpes flair up
We’ll see
Always set a goal. If you have profits. Just sell man. Don’t be greedy. Some profits here and there is better then high profit and there is a tank. And lose all.
Selling covered strangles on rkt is great.
If you really went big college would be irrelevant and you just skip to retirement.
This is all up to europe tonight on how NIO will be. Will they be the eurorich or the europoor?
Thinking the same
Baller dude. Rocked it.
Fuck do I risk taking a nap
[deleted]
I’m going to sell them within the next day or two and exercise 100 at $22.5. Didn’t expect it to skyrocket quite like it did.
Outta the budget to get 100 shares
they posted a deep loss, but the fucking ticker is up 30% today.
i am considering it
What will happen at NIO earning?
Tomorrow pre market
The PLTR call options activity is getting crazier every time I look. Big money knows this stock is going into the stratosphere
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**RKT**|**$21.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$1.28**|**$21.9101**|**1950**|**1609**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhf3l7goa0vc07700rjsfvry) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/LovinThatMuffin/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Shouldnt the stock go up with the 1 billion dollar share buybacks they approved?
Looks like people are selling off. 🌈🐻
Why wont zoom, zoom the fuck back to hell.
[deleted]
Idk much either...just do it
[deleted]
Would you like some more puts? I will sell you as much as you like!
palantir FD earnings yolo?
[deleted]
Just sold my 43c NIOs
Okay. I did the same. Sold at 46.8. I'm with you /u/l0ckituP
Are you me? I’m noticing a pattern at WSB... 

https://i.imgur.com/WhsQLYY.jpg
Y’all sleeping on OIN
You clearly just aren't on my level
If it doesnt, wait till earnings dont sell like ive seen some retards do
[deleted]
Hold puss face
would i be retarded to buy puts on NIO?🤔
Wished I would have hopped on the NIO train with y’all but glad y’all making tendies
Do it then post loss porn
Tlry
How many weeks out to not get fucked by IV
[deleted]
That’s what I’m trying to figure out. This shit is nuts
China EV’s yesterday: 😅💰
Today: 😤💰
I missed the dip, F
Feeling bullish on nio
bruh im tryin to buy calls. what does it mean.
5% implied movement... I thought THETA gang was smart? 🤔
[deleted]
Who’s betting against the mouse?
I take it back. I love all of you gays, love you so much I'll do favors
Leave it, don't sell.. you can always wait until $100 PLTR.
Took profits on  41c 11/20 ..... however holding onto 41c 11/27 and 47c 12/4  🚀🚀
This shit is so dead
NIO short squeeze into earnings.
Tell me ur ways bro
I’m up about $600 on shares alone today. Maybe I’m better suited to just buy shares and hold those until they go up. I’m out of day trades RN and I think Fidelity flagged my account. It’s honestly a blessing today looking at how green my account it and knowing I can’t fuck it up making stupid trades on options.
Imagine shorting 2 teslas just to get shortsqueezed on the hype
She's probably fucking loaded and doesn't want anyone to see the drool.
[deleted]
Wtf even is the company never heard of it before
Every time.
At the peak crash my account was 23k and thanks to nio im finally over 20k again...
IV going up
Big boys had to scare some of the weak hands out, I’m holding thru earnings personally. Been all in on 2/19’s and shares since it was 9.05
If they do an XPEV for earnings on the 17th.. $$$$$ tendy town!
Probably cause it’s expensive as fuck
You really think it'll go up after earnings? I have calls, and I'm shitting myself, fuck all companies have been positive after earnings.
The options activity is crazy!
Come the fuck on AMZN, why are you getting outperformed by QQQ ffs
Some fuck reported this as vulgar.  Haha!
Just do it brother
CVS
They said by end of the month
Lol this is actually accurate
[deleted]
I am so HYPE but this NIO and XPENG run up despite market is insane 

SELL NOW AND WAIT FOR RETRACE OR BUY NOW AND HOPE IT GOES HIGHER?
nio hitting 50 today baby!!!!!
hes from LI that's how he talks
xpev had earnings ?
Anyone seeing a pump and dump happening soon?
Nice
I sold at $21 because I’m not smart
Meaning that? If it's not higher than 100 he loses it?
This comment extended it another week
One can only assume lol, the site looks like it was built by someone socially distant at the very least 💩
PLTR going up on earnings? Debating on buying 60 shares
I shoulda just hopped on that gdam nio train
I think NIO cause of their battery rentals. Even analysts say NIO is the best EV company
The retards here aren’t smart enough to look at who’s actually writing the price targets. They just post the article if it says it’s supposed to go above what they bought in at.
Yeah that's not how statistics work
yes
I am in PANW - earnings coming up soon too
Same. I was just eyeing it but I’m gonna stay away
Please fucking come back. My 29c 11/13 is dying.
You had weeks to get in on this but you didn’t.
Too late. I read last week RKT was going to the moon. 🤡
shhh keep this a secret
NIO MOON NIO MOON
Li auto earnings is today and not Dec 2?
Hello yes it is bitch we going to 50$ today get in or miss out
When is MRNA doing a vaccine pumP?
Why does Josh Brown always get so mad? Literally the only trader who gets mad every segment he's on
But HOW do you KNOW
What strike and date you got?
Yeah, enjoy 2022 calls.
Lol, when ur 🌈 but not a 🐻.
MSFT such a cuck
NIO is ridiculous and I love it
The Chinese are single handedly making us rich, I love all of you
i missed out on Tesla already so f it lol
I don't know, smells pretty gay to me
I did not use it until battery day, and it fucked me. Used it now, got fucked again.
Fuck you
Ditch this guy and marry my wife
Fighting the fomo I see
NIO 40P 12/18 is only 20% down despite the 11% gain in the underlying stock. Hmmmmm
That’s what I thought 3 days ago. Bought in anyway. Dude, it just keeps going.
😐
I got Jan 50 was going to take profit and be happy but I guess I'm staying along for the ride!
we need more people like you in this world
I think Li will do best long-term.
Wow. What a break. Congrats on the balls!
Who decides its time to pump nio or other pump and dumps and how do I get on their distribution list ?
SPCE, RKT, PLUG, PLTR, ICLN, or other to buy 100 shares of?
Some trendies will also do nicely. Use your tears as dipping sauce.
Saw spy was going down but nio was up and just rolled over and fell back asleep with a smile on my face.
Don’t forget to take some profits lads, this can’t continue forever as much as we’d all hope it would
Appreciate it!
*National Autism Society. We take it seriously down there!
Those are rookie numbers. Get those numbers up
[deleted]
47.85 seems to be the new resistance point NIO is bouncing off of
Im bummed i missed ydays selloff to 38
Suck my big fat tendie
It appears the MM's wont let this dump for now, they aren't done raping bears and squeezing premium yet.  My gut says after next week
So value is anything below $30
Still have about 97k shares of psth. I got margin called, bad 110k before that.
Come back CRSR it's okay little buddy :)
I sold at 47
imagine selling NIO this morning like a pussy
Li, Xpeng and NIO
This is NIO top
$AAPL, keep going but don’t you dare go pass $122. I need you next week when you go pass it to $125+.
[deleted]
Sold Nio and XPEV.   Too much sitting on that table for a poor like me.  Good luck to the rest of you!  I hope it hits 50EOD for you.
It’s going down trust me, the IV is insanely rich
yayayayayayayay

21.5c 11/20
Rkt bout to drill or moon?
I held both times it hit $39 but sold at $43 yesterday. Pain
RKT bagholders how the f\*#k you going to make any $ if eveytime the stock ticks up a $0.01 you sell sell sell? Dont let em buy back the stock at a discount cause of your paperhands
Hold
Still fraud.

I know. I've gotten a bankruptcy debtor's discharge completely denied as to all creditors before because of this kind of fraud.
wow NIO and XPEV hot damn  
I shouldnt have sold covere call on XPEV, didnt know earnings was today loll
always has been
Love the confidence.
No one went broke taking a profit
Well, that’s just like, your opiNIOn, man...
Yeah I’m playing shares only on psth.
Make me
I joined at the wrong time lol
I always hold on too long, today I let go too soon.

Doesn't matter had sex.
[deleted]
good luck!!!
LMFAO tsla getting left behind by the chinese EVs, uf
Hell yes
Yeah the consensus is to take my profits and thats the smart play
2020 is too stressful for NN November.
[deleted]
Same ordered mine through the source, they shipped it yesterday, lets see how long it takes. GL on yours.
What is this? Loss porn for ants?
[deleted]
wanna buy em from me?
Li? Xpeng? Must be Xpeng.
Its gonna go to $32. It has to too tooo toooo
How much theta decay you got on your life?
Deetz?
"UPDATED
I paid for my wife’s M.A. and vacations. I suggested we save for a house, but she left me — and my in-laws told me to be a man
FB" 
 market watch headlines be hilarious
could be risky and IV drops after earnings, but then it could very well pull an XPEV
[deleted]
I see on ur all time that you posted there were several times you could’ve taken profit
When I tell you I’ve been hemorrhaging money for the past two weeks 🤦🏽‍♂️
I hope the guy who's voice was recorded for the scam phone calls fuckin family dies
Do you not eat the cup?
Fit right in here brother!
Which of you retards sold NIO early?? Fess up
Youre not supposed to use one.
Good because I’m retarded.  Good luck
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMtG9SyZfAc&ab\_channel=RepeatingUselessStuff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMtG9SyZfAc&ab_channel=RepeatingUselessStuff)
NIO EAT THAT 48 WALL YOU GOLDEN GOD
Good advice, im definitely pulling at least half out before earnings
I have NIO 65c 11/27 and also contemplating
I took the profits this afternoon, but I'm buying back in. I think a dump is coming, but I'm buying back in even if it doesn't.
You know what? Fuck you. That's what.
Low Quality Shitpost
75 minimum
What?
I missed nio 2 weeks ago no way im jumping in now
Lots of experts have expected worse to happen way before this. Nobody is going to look back at an inflation crisis and think "were we blind?" because lots of people will come and take credit for the prediction. The important question isn't whether gold and commodities will rise or not but whether or not other assets (stonks) will inflate higher in relation to it.
Bullliiiiisssshhhh
Go KNDI Go!
Will nio hit 50 tomorrow? Curious
NIO XPEV LI 

😍😍😍
Calls on EV
AMZN, just get to even little buddy.
If it goes to ten I'm filling my bags. It's gonna hold above $15 I guess.
It's gonna go to $23 it has to
You're not wrong
Xpeng is chasing nio’s price, nio is trying to outrun xpeng, i love this game
I’m about to buy a NIO vehicle and an XPEV vehicle at this rate
Was about to close out of my pltr with a 15% loss because I was getting anxious that's not moving but the last few times I've done that I've regretted it bigly patients Brothers
NIO you son of a gun. Go up
Bought Nio Calls yestreday for $1.50 sold at $3.40 today.
This guy hates money
It’s easy. 

I upvote every NIO bull and we all circle jerk each other.
Has he shown you proof? Is your co-worker Jeff Bezos?
52
Yeah you gotta google it. The terms you mentioned aren’t unique to WSB. DRILL = go down like a drill. 0dte= 0 day to expiration
positions?
Europoors dominating the mic they all look shook
[deleted]
$150 investment
That you are 🌈🐻
I'm holding RKT till tomorrow fuck y'all gay bears
NIO please please go over 50 and don't stop till my january exp.  :P
Why premiums sky high?
Big on Ford right now. Been adding shares since March, definitely see it recovering and hopefully reinstating the dividend soon
Anyone watching RKT? I shorted it yesterday 👀 oof
Anyone Buying Disney puts ?
Your mom is going to have to rob a delivery truck.  Consoles are selling out in micro seconds.
I’m so fucking jealous fuck you ditch your wife and marry me
11/13 SPY puts engage!!!
Said everyone about Tesla as it continued to grow to have market cap bigger than the biggest car companies in the world combined.
NIO is currently pricing in a big earnings number. May be worth seeing where we settle tomorrow and doing some 11/20 theta shit on it. IV is in the retard zone rn
Take out a loan for 10k and yolo make it back x6
I feel like I need to delete my original comment, haven’t seen them mentioned here. The WSB kiss of death lol
I hate NIO gang more than TSLA now
[deleted]
Another gay ass V
Was it from the autism society?
Cmon LI break that $30 mark bb
Crying
Sold NIO faggies after half an hour for nice gainz and doubled down into some Jan 15 50s. What a great day
Yeah same with shitty RH... first 3 or 4 minutes were were not updating and by then we just started dumping.. Thankfully i made a good PLTR move and it cushioned some losses or would be in shambles. Also just say that short interest is above 25% on yesterdays volume, I'm less worried now and expect a sizeable bounce in the coming days.
Nio will either make or break my bank account
Now that's a win win 🍻
I had like 30 $30C for 01.15.2021 and got shaken out the day before it started on its run 10/29. kicking myself still when i check how much I would have made.
You pull up to red light, one lane is open. If you take it with the intention of going speed limit anyway, go fuck yourself.
> Serious replies only

Does god exist?
Tried there first, but they're sold out. I think WMT is the only one doing staggered releases. It's like pre-order day all over again for me
my 11/13 calls hope so
10% move either way. I donno
Seems legit
Why did I think that was a good idea?!
Alright just waiting for the slightest dip on nio oh my lord
I have an uncomfortable amount invested that I wanted to unload before earnings but I may have to hold through.
Just give me the money.
You’ve made 2 smug references in line with the South Park episode which is hilarious to me.

Any challenger could contest the results in court in any election, local or national.

A part of me hope it goes to the Supreme Court so it sets up for max embarrassment.

But in this process he’s spreading lies that erode the trust in our election system, which is only furthering the divide in the country.

Rather than him acknowledging that he lost Arizona because he dragged McCain’s name through the mud, he’s suggesting there was widespread voter fraud. That is inexcusable.
Got NIO 50c 11/20s. Yall think I should sell now and reenter later or just hold
NIO bout to let me lose No Nut November
48$ here we go boys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Obviously not. You have your own third-world country's praises to sing.
I bought puts for after earnings, since it will most likely drop.
How high NIO EOD
has retard strength, buy amc or acb puts instead
Anyone playing SQ?
yeah, i’m wondering when to take profits. also thought about cashing out on my shares and buying back in if it dips enough, i bought in at $38. not sure if it’ll be anywhere near those levels again so i may just hold.
Fuu removing it now
Jpow announced the fed is buying call options on Chinese EV, notably Nio and Xpeng to help stimulate the US economy
Man, I bought some 44c at 39.

Thank you for your service
ty 😘
New? Leave this place while you still have money
Now I won’t sleep tonight.
does softbank get their plays from here?
Ahh I bought NIO call at $75 dropped to $5 yesterday and now it’s up to $35 again. Follow me for more investing tips
Child-only algorithms. Bastards.
There is however, a wrong time to sell NIO
You scared me for a second there!! Up 18%!!!?
BLNK popping off for earnings...
Wtf is the cat trying to do to being with?
I made a 2 dollar profit off of pltr, I'm richer than I've ever been
Position too small.. 2.5k for options, 10k for shares
This is going straight to the moon
????? Wsb has been shilling this stock since 30$
Holding this patiently. I have complete faith in this company.
This is your time TSLA!!!
holy shit the math checks out
Im in with you, but for slightly extended expiry, so gl to both...I'll sell with you if we make it!
I pray to god you're right.
Consent from their cousins?
Where did PLTR gang go??
keep it up RKT
I lost 10k saving shortly in 4 months :(. What should I do now
You’re put curious.
LADY JPOW - We gotta keep pumping markets or it's all gonna crash
perfect time as far as underlying price...not IV

Just saying the IV hasn't been skyrocketing since last week.
Mango lost
It’ll go up, after my calls expire worthless
If these NIO $50C print by tomorrow (they will) that'll be my PS5 funds
NIO has a good chance to hit $50 EOD
I didn't but watched giant bomb's stream and kind of regret not getting one
My baba calls remind me of my ex gf, I’m too emotionally attached to let go and keep hoping it’ll get better next month. Well, calls on $BUD cause im gonna start drinking
KNDI coming up! Coming to sit at the big boy EV table
Allegedly.  If Target ever ships it.
They pay out BIGLY every Friday
Thanks, Masa!
I tot they had something that rolled down the hill?
Love you
me too :(
blnk is having a nice day.  Hold through earnings?
Gotta poke baba with a  strick so it'll wake up
Come on dawg you should have just taken the $7 😂😂
when it drops! CALLS CALLS CALLS for JAN
It's gonna run harder if LI beats tomorrow
[removed]
Thinking puts on NIO may be the move no way wallstreetbets is actually right. Right?
We've got a guy at work who dropped $250k in it when it was less than $4. He's still holding it all
Just sold that shit up 50%. No way it doesn’t keep mooning now that I’m out
I want tony hawk but idk
Get longer out with less theta
fake news
Fuck NIO tank SPY
Denny’s puts
Manual transmission ALWAYS!
You ever do a desk pop?
Time to buy SOLO?
[deleted]
I second this. Their break even point is next year and they're selling less than 2k cars below nio.
Tesla $420 11/13. Let’s go.
[deleted]
Your mom will be disappointed to find out her son is a pussy who can't get his own PS5.
[deleted]
It doesn't tho
BREAK 22 YOU CUNT
I hope to god
I can piss way farther than you
Bought AAL puts and can attest to this
I'm over here rocking back and forth wondering if I should sell my calls or have diamond hands and let them go
LFG
But that's what I need, my dear KetaBoy.
**I am a bot. Is this submission violating the [content guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/contentguide)? Vote below.**

| **Remove It** | **Keep It** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jsyj4u&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jsyj4u&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jsyj4u)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^49 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
Yes son?
As are you, if you think them infallible because of their job titles, regardless of stupidity or lack thereof.
[deleted]
I bet he has a collage degree
Trump said he'll jizz in McConnel's snout if NIO hits $70 by eow.
Yeah I’m talking covid related
NIO or PLTR?
Opened a few 260/280 debit spreads on BABA. I don’t need it to move much, but please move 🙏
The market is what it is. They’re not shy about trying to pin money in equities by fucking bond yields and everything else up. Hard to get a read on where the actual economy may be headed in the near term.
Why would you not wait until the day before earnings ? You know it’s going to run up until then..
Another reminder of how many people in this sub panic sold NIO at 39
DKNG is gonna drill so hard tomorrow. Get out while u can, unless you have puts
Tell us!!!!!!!!!!
Idk about nio but i am expecting a retrace on xpeng tmr, 30% run up a little insane dont you think?
All sorts of stuff you do "changes your dna"
I totally thought I bought LEAPs on NIO and XPEV... just NIO though :(
MASAYOSHI SON is doing this to NIO and XPEV.
calls on blink to charge our chinese EVs?
100% this
eBay, PS4 + PS1 = PS5 

STONKS
Their stock hasn’t been over $20 since 2017, last 5 years barely broke $30 and has steadily dropped since. The market they serve is going away, all game platforms are pushing towards digital which kills their market. Unless they try to turn into a Microcenter and start pumping PC gaming parts, I really don’t see how they could be a value to invest in.
[deleted]
Thoughts on PLTR? I got puts and am scared
Sounds adorable tbh
Is there a glossary around here for all these autistic terms a retard doesn't understand yet? Drill?? 0dte??
700? gotta pump those numbers up..theyre gonna go for over 1k easily especially as we get closer to christianpedophilegiftday
Hater
Bruh it’s 10% ATM premium for a weekly how is that cheap? Even OTM puts have such a high cost it would take an implosion just to achieve break even
Will it recover by EOW? Asking for a friend.
SPY 355P 11/13

We swim in blood
Try GameStop =]
Just do the opposite to print green!
Just cause you got the tiny t.v. doesn't make it racist
got to the payment screen on [walmart.com](https://walmart.com) smh sold out in 1min try again at 3pm
*Looks at NIO*

Now there’s a stock that just won’t quit
Ehhhh, you do?
[deleted]
Anyone else get the PS5?
Bro you already have one extra chromosome what’s one more?
Hmmm didn’t think CRSR would fuck me so bad. It’s NNN
If nkla can moon to 73$ with no factory, no fucking product, im pretty sure nio and xpeng can do the same with a factory, and a product, idk about li they are retarded hybrid company labeled as EV
I did sell. My goal for my account was 100k. On Monday I was at 96k thought NIO could pull through to push me over that day it didn’t I held the contracts and was at 36k at one point yesterday so I didn’t wanna make the same mistake twice
Step 1: Yolo into LI calls
Step 2: Hold through earnings tomorrow
Step 3: Post gain porn
It really is that simple.
Make it free, secure some
Nio $50 by the end of the hour imo
JPOW covering ass for stability and liquidity of financial markets.
Are consoles actually sold out like back when we were kids?

My mom made miracles to get me that N64 on Christmas when it was a knife fight at Target. Gotta call er today
Its gna crash hard soon...thrn buy back in
thats fucked up. that guy brings no fucking benefit to the world. Fucking drop out.
Harvest season for Theta gang.
cup *and* noodles?
ALL IN RKT

Squeeze the fuck out of those shorts bb
Good luck man!
Sometimes I do that kind of math. See how long it takes till I’m the richest person in the world.
Italy
Yea, MCD is scary low. Sept levels. HD another value stock that shouldn't be that low
[deleted]
I think they delayed WoW.
True story: When my dad died, we found $20,000 in cash under his mattress. Probably wasn’t forgotten, but was surprising to find his rainy day fund.
Oof, I have 11/20 270C that was up this morning but TD wasn’t updating option prices so now it’s negative. Hopefully we see some better price action next week 🤞🏻
feels like there's no wrong time to buy into NIO
It either breaks high side today/tomorrow (362+) or it's free fall 

For the upside
358c 11/13 -20%

For the downside
325p 11/20 -20%
VXX 21c 11/13 - 10%

For the lulz
NIO 50c 11/13 - 10%

Rest cash.
Liking the movement in gaming stocks today. Feels fucking good going into the holidays
my NIO balls are so heavy
My 2/19 40C are up 80% already wat
because mango is going to win?
GDEN $15p 1/21 cmon baby needs shoes
Don’t listen to anybody but yourself
Good bye.
Hope SEC comes for NIO too.
Hey good luck man. You got this!
Is your wife’s name Dub?
Omg NIO. Thank you bby
Die spy die
i got out at 2.55 and now it’s dropped all the way down to 2.33 x)
NIO calls just payed for all my families Christmas gifts. If it keeps going up im gonna buy stuff for me. Free money.
NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Fuck a ps5 I want that Mac mini baby
tell me
I thought goal of calls was to let them expire worthless?
What country?
270c Jan here
[deleted]
Why is Nancy Plopsey wearing a mask during a press conference, can’t understand shit she saying, who is this bitch trying to impress
Just bought NIO 40p 11/27 so that I can hold my long calls.
Need 11/20 20c to print
Fucking Walmart let me add the ps5 to my cart and check-out, when I hit submit order button they said out of stock.. Short WMT
Y’all smart cool people better research those vaccines I will not get anything put into me that will change my DNA
Winter
No, eating cup and noodles for the 5th day in a row
@ XPEV gang. Boys, take your profits today. Tomorrow can be Armageddon for you
this market feels like it’s on a knife edge
I just bought it today and it immediately started to drop but yes. I do think it is going to run back up soon. I'll be quick to take profits though. I'm always scared holding Chinese companies.
Yes
US citizenship?
AMZN staying flat only means one thing
[deleted]
Hmm this XPENG AND NIO RUN UP IS MORE RIDICULOUS THAN TSLA LOL
Is ps5 even launching with any exclusives? Why buy now?
It did run from $2 to $15 on the year?
[deleted]
why is amazon pinned?
HERE WE GOO NIOO
Anyone buying IWM puts?
JPOW is trying to set an inflation can go higher thesis.  This aint good.
NIO broke 47.45 resistance!!!!
Baba back to 300 by December?
Bought at $2.94

Sold at $3.38😎
Naked
Way to wait until it runs up 10% lol. Better late than never!
Exactly
Well I just bought in earlier 🤡
Why should I not buy BA puts
Sell sell !! Take the profit and run 🏃‍♂️ 

Fact : Congrats 🎉🍾
I need it to hit 26 eow or im bigly homeless
They gave me DNR 4$ two years ago and I forgot about that until last month and they already went bankrupt so no more free tendies
bro u seen nio?
Thanks my man. I will look into doing this.
It‘s expecting to be around 160-200 in 1 year. Up to you, I‘m holding!
ROKU to 270 EOY, baybee
oh yea - everyone listens to analysts now....lmao

even uses his own name, ultra-maroon, check his cash flow, payola inbound
where are we retards getting a ps5?
wait for a dip itll come
I'm used to paying \~125-200% with all the SPAC/EV stocks.  
97% is relatively cheap for me!
11/13 11p PGE.... y’all got anymore of them wildfires?
Do we buy Li 12/18 35c hoping for XPEV like gains or do we continue to ride the weeklies on NIO
new highs here we go NIO
You can do it! I believe in you.
XPeng sitting on 42 like a mini Tesla meme. Go on, up ya get ya wee scamp.
Hey guys I think the market is broken. I was told my gme shares would be worth $60 by now
L M A O
Take your profits. If LI misses ER you’re crashing hard
*delays gratification* :)
Nio money printer goes brrrrr
Nio doesnt even owns an manufacturing plant.. Fuck Nio All in Tesla
800 pe ratio 🤡🤡🤡
Nervous AF, got a citizenship hearing in 50 min!  So long in the works.  I need it to actually fucking retire somewhere they pay for my healthcare costs.
What are you gonna do about it?
If that 25% is a lot to you than you should sell. There’s always another trade to make
Gov Abbott just said distribution of therapeutics beginning next week along with MRNA announcement next week. That is when the bleeding stopped
I am green literally everywhere apart from my AAPL, AMZN and AMD shares. Puts on all companies that start with an A
Next time write it on a bathroom stall using your shit as a pen. That’s the DD the other gloryhole patrons will appreciate.
WTF?
NIO gonna keep running this hard till earnings?
It will recover. CCP would be dumb to behead one of the leading Chinese businesses
Hello same. I set myself back to September levels this week. And fucked up with my 401k. Fuk NovemBRRRRRRR
Lol, you're really doubting that things can get worse?
Well that crbp pump and dump was nice. Thank you anon
Thats hot af
[deleted]
trying to find a good entry point on Li now
Lol Khatsue my guy! Thanks
Any idea on why CRBP is moving?
Buy a PS5 and scalp it
You need some goddamn faith Arthur!
yeah pos is a nightmare for options. just do shares.

i cant wait till i get assigned
Step 1 is to actually release a product
[deleted]
Puts on walmart
How is it gonna up without *someone* selling my dude?
Didn’t know it was possible to receive this many compliments
[deleted]
Chinese?
EOD rally hopefully.
Wait till pltr reports earnings. Then buy long contracts tomorrow for 2021-2022 and it’ll print. I just sold some of my contracts that I bought two weeks ago for 300-400%
Major FOMO 😩👏🏻
Sigh everyday not in nio sucks lol... prob get a yolo 0dte for tmr lol
[deleted]
Xpeng buyers out here floating around with Elon’s roadster and star man.
buy puts it is
Shiiit. If you really believe it’ll keep going up just hold. Or if you have more than 1 contract sell half, hold half
I'm planning on buying lottos with short DTE.

Thinking of 20/11 40p. Not a big play, maybe two contracts. I think there's gonna be a pullback below 40 and those contracts will probably trade around 1.00 next week.
Hi , my new dad ! 
When you are going to let me ride that beauty ? 😍👀
$17.5 and $20
1% a day compounding with my entire portfolio is the key
https://www.bizjournals.com/bizwomen/news/latest-news/2020/11/walmart-to-offer-pet-insurance-through-petplan.html?page=all


Next up walmart auto and home insurance. It's a great value.
I’m gonna reinvest in my community

SIKE!
How about some type of software that automatically deleted shitposts from people that post their stupid questions in the wrong sub?

I'd buy it.
What is this flat kangaroo gay sht?
Bro fuck your stupid wife you got a 911 PORSCHE FUCK YEAH❤️❤️❤️❤️!!! I hope that bad boy is a 911 turbo and it’s stick shift, I would melt the tires with that thing. So happy to see people still have balls, wife not happy? Tell her don’t worry I’ll throw some dick in your mouth later
$FOXA just lost the extreme republican's support after dumping on the mango this past election. POOTS on the table gentlemen.
should i sell my nio 2023 leaps on monday for the iv or should i just hedge
I will never financially recover if it doesn’t
Someone give me a tasty play for tomorrow
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oh shit.  I thought this was where you NoFap guys hang out.
Got my SPCE calls set up yesterday. Ready for launch!
No more chop, time for drop.
“Ride the Tiger”

Boomers think volatility is a bad thing, but really it’s just a ticket to ride.
Buy puts
Depends on the theta and how close you are ITM for starters. Play with optionsprofitcalculator.com and mess with the numbers. NIO can easily gap up too with the weekend coming and earnings next week but that’s my personal take.
NIO is everything NKLA wished to be
Wow...the bands on PLTR are soooo tight. Where do you think it's gonna go in the next hour? Up or down?
Even months-out calls got eviscerated by TSLA past September.

It's easy to lose sight of the carnage after the initial euphoria
Show your math
Sell
Welcome home. There is water for dinner in the fridge over there.
hold and lose 60% tomorrow in the upcoming days 

this is the way
On Oct. 14 I bought one 20c to expire May of next year, and sold on Oct. 19.

I lose money well over 50% of the time that I go back in on a stock.

I have stayed out. You are welcome.
COTY is my free robinhood stock.
What does 100c mean?
Almost certainly terrible plays on your part don’t blame the stock
It’s gone up over 50% over the past two weeks... no shit people are going to take their profits. Expect it to drop a lot more unless they absolutely demolish earnings
I’m holding
Set your trailing stops on NIO now. There's negative divergence forming that will most likely play out by this afternoon.
If you hold it overnight, you'll require a more significant move in the underlying stock price to see any gains.
just 25% lol
I need someone to tell me I'm ok with BABA
Always has been
Alright STOP..... that’s the Best compliment of the day
# [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO1z74b0hEo&feature=emb\_title](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO1z74b0hEo&feature=emb_title) 

# JPOW IS LIVE
Besides jerking each other off I’m pretty sure that’s what this sub is for. Let’s get it.
[deleted]
The Jenner thing never boosted the stock
Bruh I can’t even get on the god damn website. I’m about to have to pay some greedy fuck on Craigslist $700 aren’t i.
Ok AMZN you can go up like everyone else now👍👍
Listen to a bear? Nah fuck you!
NIO is a bloated puppy right now
NIO can’t be stopped
No, that would be TSLA. It went from a meme to a virtual institution. The issue is now its so big and doesn't have that much room to move as it is right now.
$700
if everyone could just buy NIO and quit selling we could take it to 100 in no time
11/20 300c's
Here comes the blow your fucking face off rally. Bears r fuk
Lets you carry more since the truck, and cab takes up less length so you can have a longer trailer and fit within the length requirements, and carry more which = more money.
It may be a boomer stock but God damn does the new EV mustang look good. Ford is focusing on EV hard and the last 3 years has seen a massive surge in quality from Lincoln, the new Navigator and Aviator (I want one) are gorgeous. Just sent some F leaps the mustang when it goes on sale is going to sell as fast as they can make it
37k up today :)
If u think it will continue to go down u hold it but it needs to go down to the strike price to be worth anything
Zoom
I’ve gained 25% on xpeng today. Do I sell now or hold for a few more days?
Eyyy NVDA keeping me up
Nio ready for liftoff pt.3
If you think it’ll go low enough to surpass time decay
THIS
Lol, if you're simping over a girl on TV who is a 7/10 in full makeup, your wife isn't a babe.
This sub summed up in 10 seconds
i would suck a million wuflu cocks for spy to dump its fucking guts out
Something something something, get out before NIO crash, they’re fake pump and dump - everyone every day
I’m so deep in the money I don’t know what to do. Up 263% on my $35 05/21/21 that I got for $5.15. ER Is super risky but I’ve still got 6 more months. Thoughts?
don't jinx it
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326934020387721216?s=19

Lol wut? Didn't he just say we recovered fast. I'm guessing he was referring to his portfolio.
Nio went a penny away from my order trigger while I'm at work 😭
How much do you have to spend
fuuuuuck this chop
$LI is where the action is.
Got $970 to YOLO need to make some money, hit me
wtf happened to walmart+...where did that go?
[removed]
They can't even walk a golf course without getting out of breath; I aint scared.
Dont sell nio this time , just let it go to 48
Ask them to start polling their friends on what consoles they are buying and from where. Make some shit up about how you want to teach them how poll’s and surveys work.
me seing xpev up 29%💦💦💦
expected
I have 12/18 285 Cs
I AM ABOUT TO CUM XPEV
Woke up from my nap and immediately sold the top. Would have sold earlier if it weren't for my sleep saving me
It’s doing runs between Fremont and GigaNevada

It’s pretty sweet when we see it blasting up the sierras easily passing other trucks while fully loaded.
Decide for yourself you must young padawan
I can't do it guys. I've looked at spy on every time perspective a dozen times this morning. I don't see how it goes up from here without dipping a bunch first. I can't buy more calls today.
PS5s just sold out in like 10 seconds
Congrats 👌🏽
You joined the wrong group. Download Grindr where you can find tendie
Right there with ya. Waiting for the drill team to go in and finish the job, then loading up on them.
Don’t sleep on LI if you missed XPENG and NIO at $29
[deleted]
Why is this the funniest shit
Buy pooots
TSLA would like a word
we got earnings next week so theres gonna be a run up and it either destroys ER and moons or dumps so im getting out before ER
Exactly this is their chance to compete with Tesla and they aren’t going to miss out they will keep funding only good to come
Small equity green, big equity red, this is the way
Made over 200% after selling 46c weeklies. In at 50c for 11/20. No doubt we hit 50 by tomorrow.
My table was wobbling and I just remembered the 1000 I used to prop it up.
Apparently fox pays sean hannity $40m/year. What.the.fuck
Please use air freshener I’m next
Everyone has said that about every gang
Plug
Cmon drill one more time for daddy
NIO ROCKET
Someone give me an absolute yolo play that has a chance of printing. Need.
Honestly most of the American car brands are trash besides Ford and Tesla. The latest corvette isn't looking too bad either, at least for its price.
Show us your PUTS ya fuckin LOSER!!!
Nice 👏🏻
Similar thing happened to me with Dave and Busters. Buy high sell low, I set a new rule for myself. If I think the company is solid I won't sell unless it drops 50% at that point I'm going to leverage cash to drive my average down and buy more. No more all ins for me either. I made 10k doing that and then one day I had a bright idea of panic selling, buying high to sell low, buying stock then saying "nah nevermind" and selling same day just to lose a bunch. Lost that 10k doing that and now am up a total of $300. 

Feels like I went to mars and was like "wtf is this shit" and dropped all my gold there and came back lol.
No
Puts on Dominion.
Reuters said... Powell says recovery is close.. updated to recovery is uneven.. updated to recovery has slowed

Lmaooo what the fuck is this 😂
Your mom blows
hey NIO, can you stop coiling and take me to tendyland
[deleted]
UPS and FDX calls
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** What's a tendie?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsy3kg
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsy3kg) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/dyingbreed360, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
SkeeterFlynch
OverpricedBagel
So dumb it will work.
What would make more sense, close to share price calls 11/20 or like 12/18? I'm looking at nio and not sure between the strike price and its reward
oh leaps are fine
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
didn’t know you could tell the future. Shut up.
Obviously, there is no way it deserves that valuation.
NIO might actually be the first gang to escape WSB's meme stock curse. 

PLTR gangs struggling and GME gangs on life support.
resistance is futile!
i've never looked at cnn - are they pretty accurate?
imagine not buying NIO like it’s not a legitimate company
Someone should invite him to post daily on wsb
Started with 12k at $8 in Aug and kept on buying from there plus a couple lucky Calls. I only make sure my trailing stop orders are in place in case the s#it hits the fan and that's it.
No looking great.. Hopefully it dips again
Fuck baba it cost me 53% and it’s leaps so gives me just enough hope
are you a math teacher?
20 yrs
She doesn’t love me anymore.  I tried many times just never worked out
Calling bullshit. No way you didn't track that as it increased. Would love proof
What’s a share?
mArKeT iS fOrWaRd LoOkInG
i have leaps, this isnt a pump and dump deal like your china shit
""Time in the market beats timing the market"
IV 97% all the best
Take it all and start selling premiums for safer gains
I've tried to explain things are different... It doesn't matter... People don't really get it unless they see it themselves
Tiger just birdied. Nice
No
strike?
I mean assuming a high IV means the underlying will actually move past the implied move is fucking peak retardation lmao.

Theta gang will enjoy your continued contributions. Shit, I'll sell you 11/20 NIO calls. Come on by
CRSR bull flag
Long Airbnb
Alright everyone, let’s hop in before this test flight blasts off! SPCE 30c 11/27
why is VALE still a stock
I hedged SPY puts with ZM calls, don’t @ me bro 😎
[deleted]
I got 310c for 1/15
Did anyone get the PS5?
Been trying to stay positive but FUCK YOU BABA
flat market is so fucking boring
[deleted]
No no jpmorgan didn’t give it that price target. A jpmorgan analyst did. This one to be specific https://www.tipranks.com/analysts/nick-lai the big brain analysts has won a whopping 2 of 4 trades. Lots of experience, definitely trustable
Then all the bond holders will come after you
Fuck missed the NVDA dip
*{visible confusion}*
[deleted]
Op haven't read the article on WSJ about it I see.
Buy high sell low
FK YOU BA DOOMERS. LETS GOOO
It’s a game making platform - q3 game investments were record high. They have a huge chunk of the market. They also have massive share of VR and AR market as well. Unity developers are some of the hottest jobs at the moment, so all signs point to yes.
FUCK I SOLD MY XPEV CALLS FOR 180% AND TOOK A NAP FUCK I AM A PUSSY
If it's good enough for a screenshot..
Buy roblox day one, it’s gonna be a crazy stock.
SNAP 11/13 43.5c alert on Unusual whales
Can’t wait to tell my kids I lost their college funds on Roblox options.
All in GME Jan calls
Hey all,

🌈🐻🤡 Here.

It's looking like a bloodbath next week to me, maybe think about taking some profits.

Or don't. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Never
***RIP Tech Bear Market: 10:45 am - 11:45 am 11/12/20***
I would take 25% out today and 25% next week if it continues to go up before earnings
I want a new Xbox and I can’t find one anywhere.
thats only 8 boys. puts on this teaching abilities
Hold. Worst comes to worst you get assigned shares. Serious replies only
You know the energy drink Celsius. Yeah that’s them.
ppl who have pltr, take profit already
Going to need more stimulus checks.
I wonder why people around here don't talk about COTY
Because they could probably make them cheaper. Don't forget there was racist towards Japanese people in the US because Japanese cars were made cheaper and better than American cars which led to a lot of people losing their jobs. There was even an incident where a Chinese man was murdered because they thought he was Japanese and was not brought to justice. 

Chinese manufacturing isn't just cheaper, in many areas its better too. China has the stereotype of producing cheap garbage, but a lot of quality products come out of China too not to mention all of the products that are made in China but assembled else where. Its just the cheap crap that you remember being passed off about while your mind isn't bothered by the good ones.
DIE ZOOM DIE!
Thanks for the hint
Sell it and it will go up
NIO stock price is too high imo
These cock sucker seller ruined my TSLA profits
Did you ask what console they're getting
Yesterday I sold part of my position at 39 because I’m a cuck
Wait, at this rate I'll be able to purchase a majority shares of AMC for cheap and then just do a hostile takeover! AMC to $0.001!
CC's? or naked?
Zoom about to do that thing again after the Bernstein analyst said it could be worth double the stock price.

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/15/bernstein-gives-zoom-shares-a-street-high-price-target-sees-stock-rallying-another-20percent.html
Balls deep in leaps.
Go on, take the money and run
NIO loving 47 now, let's shoot up right thru it
Congrats, are you planning on buying more before the earnings call on Tuesday?
when do you fucks think NYMT is gonna get back up to \~$5 per share
[deleted]
Wait, I thought bulls were the one making money when people die.
Fuckin corrupt ass teacher crowdsourcing DD from your students lmao
ZM and PTON are the best ❤️❤️💦💦
Played a put for fun.
L
The great reset, Jan 4
Respect.
[deleted]
Jeez guy just trying to learn
lol no
My calls moved, fucker. Be nice asshat.
Haha I feel you
Eron Musk
Big RKT buy $4m @22.05 DP print
Same boat; dunno what’s what anymore it seems.  You tell me what to do
They've been saying wish and airbnb for months 😢
You will probably get IV crushed if you buy right before earnings.
What are your positions
Sir this is Alcoholics Anonymous
LETS GO
No.. you love FOMOs.
10 days ago i went all in on nio 40 jan 2022 leaps ($10k). My portfolio has doubled and im thinking of taking at least half off the table... or should i wait to trim until right before earnings
It fears certainly more exciting when a 5-10% change was $100+
He said he isn’t leaving Jan 20 and ordered a pull out couch for his office
[removed]
Same....
Fall PLTR Fall 😈😈

Position: short dec 11 $15C
PLTR earnings after close today - should run up buy this DIP
BABA bouncing of support, I think its gonna fly soon
Yahoo with a decent synopsis for once:

Basically all positive news. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/factors-note-ahead-blink-chargings-100410961.html
They find people for the government.

They're like NSA's bff
Put it in some nice, safe CDs, son.
Yeah this is bullshit
Won’t stay above 355 for much longer
All of those are going to be shorted to oblivion.
[deleted]
Gets my cock hard when 🥭 tweets in all caps
[deleted]
**SERIOUS DD**

I teach 7th graders and I just asked my last class where they plan on buying their new console.

Of the 10 boys; 4 said Best Buy, 2 Gamestop, and the other 2 undecided.

Please buy accordingly.
watching my stocks go up on one screen and the masters on the other. everything is green
Long term hold. Easily going to appreciate in value especially with Biden holding office.
[removed]
Greatest video game ever.
Like this https://youtu.be/c0-m3Vaftcg
Is it time to get into SOLO? Make that thing run lol
JPow gave the buy signal.
Anyone playing CSCO earnings?
[removed]
Sell now or lose everything aaaaaaaaaah!
Nah it's only up 40% in the past few days
[Let me google that for you](https://lmgtfy.app/?q=palantir+earnings+2018) 
  
High revenue, abominable earnings.
Please buy so it keeps going up, ty for your service
Positive returns/ the feeling of getting positive returns. Slang.
I'm expecting an upswing before closing as well.
He said that shit?
no sir
For those who were thinking of buying weeks ago but didn't, thinking they missed out on 1000 baggers or something crazy like that...don't worry about it, you didn't.  


The 27  Nov 50c options I bought last week, at pretty much the perfect time, are only up about 72% overall
Nice
Triple top coupled with low volume.....hmmm.....what could that mean
Im pretty liberal but cnbc can die lol
[deleted]
Got back in on this dip but it keeps dipping lol
Long live the great crash of 11:30am
This is gayest fuckin sell off I’ve ever seen.  Let SPY die for the love.
We holding or dumping them same day?
We get to guess! Or straddle it end of day
Need PLTR to have an EOD pump.
Extend that to late December or mid January. AMD has been cucking call holders since September (last time it hit the $90s).
I'm not disagreeing nikola is a scam, but those aren't stickers, they're the camo paint you normally see on development cars. Supposedly it makes it harder to get a good picture of the unreleased product.

Although in this case if it isn't their design I'm not sure why they'd care, unless they were worried about a PR nightmare of another manufacturers equipment rolling out of their shop.
Yeah, this sucked. Sold calls first thing and bought XPEV calls immediately
I got downvoted for saying it would be a flat day. Just got back from the dentist and it looks like a pretty gay flat day to me.
Thats what I think but I don't trust the weekend. I'll probably get out Friday even if it means leaving something on the table.
265 or 267.5 maybe 50/50
Sold half, hold half

Made like 55% or something
Looks like I'm holding my Feb PLTR Calls and 100 shares

Pls don't selloff bb
vix gotta go
>DoorDash, Roblox, Wish and Airbnb all expected to go public before year’s end, sources say

Make room for the new meme stocks coming in.
Appreciate the support kind sir.
Just building my NOKIA position every week and it feels so good
[deleted]
Im dropping 1k on it lets see
REALLLY Need Baba to go up...
You made money from NIO but you didn’t donate to Elon Li and bought a Nio?
We just need a time machine
Disney is trading at same levels as BEFORE the pandemic. Yes, makes sense
IWM $171p 11/13
[removed]
Hell yeah brother cheers from Iraq
[deleted]
Tendies are like unicorns. In WSB they dont exist
Imagine calling yourselves Rocket Company and you don’t even make Rockets. RKT 5p 11/13
[deleted]
All in
Do you think it'll go up?
I bought more last week so I must be autistic
Dude their writers fucking suck lol
Expiry?
Thoughts on dkng earnings?
I’m not gonna fuck with these high IV bitches anymore. I forgot how wonderfully profitable low iv things can be with just a little bit of movement
$PLTR or $MRNA
I was 87% sure this would happen.
Hmmmm another low volume day??? Big boys know something we don't, like always. Probs locking down soon me thinks. IQ of 14 btw.
HOLD
DKNG
#tbt
Man, I sure do love China
They make a dollar, I make a dime, that's why I shit on company time.
If we hover around there, we're basically waiting for Nasdaq to catch up to help push us over.. 2 cents
What in the fuck Roald McDonald?
Buy shares n sell calls, easy theta money
bought shares. 

you still playing PSTH? I bought shares there and a few different strikes.
[deleted]
buying calls at the top is the way
Don't buy until after earnings it will dump some
gg
Blnk taking off 😎
If you get lucky and the economy collapses there won’t be enough bankruptcy judges to see your case thanks to corporate debt being at all time highs. So if you do yolo that money hope that the economy crashes
Thank you. It was a nice two months. What a good way to blow 20k
it hasn't moved fucker
Spy is holding up pretty well maybe this holds?
420 is the magic number. As soon as they expire you will be reimbursed .69 cents
YESSSS
QQQ at 300 in a few minutes?? It’s possible right?
fuckin walmart site crashed for PS5 lol
Jpow said go all in on tech
Fr 💎👐
Damn way to rub it in 🤣
expe hit 1 yr highs a few days ago. htf did that happen?
Nio puts, zm calls, rkt calls
Sell PLUG now or hold??
Your so fucked
Yeah they will be big.
[removed]
best of luck man.. idk how it plays out, but Im supporting you
Sooo we selling our BABA calls for a loss or what?
Nio bears assholes are getting red today with all that upward movement LMAO.
I have 49k in stocks and 1k in cash, should i get margin?
Ford $8 put mega bang coming in
JPow says buy tech

Edit: Nasdaq was 11.786 at the time of this post
No, you have a long time
I wasted 3 fucking day trades and lost money on all 3 fuck PLTR
If you're selling CC, then you must have those 100 shares on hand already. What you just described is a CSP (cash secured put). When selling CC, you're betting that the share price stays below your strike. (bearish). As for selling CSP's, then you want the share price to stay above your strike (bullish). As for getting margin called - I don't know what broker you're using. But I would highly advise against fucking around with naked calls and puts (meaning they aren't covered).
yea sry, I'll show myself out :'(
Def a big baller move 😎
Strike and ill do it
Recovery is slowing - that was also the article headline so idk
Congratsfuckyoulation. Teach me your ways
Even if only Chinese people ever bought cars from NIO...you realize how many people that is right?
Congrats on the NIO gang 👏🏻 How are the tendies?
I plan on spending this money in about 30 years. Haha.
Stop thinking that WSB moves the market retard. The market moves with institutions and we follow
Spy 355p 11/13
Sorry you have bad taste and I'm married to a babe so thanks
You fucking retard

Congrats
It’s worth
Is celh a real stock, am I too late, what's happening
[deleted]
Nio puts are surprisingly cheap
Unity earnings after market today
[deleted]
I’d cum
Baba
I bet you don’t 😂
No lockdowns is bearish
Don’t push too hard, I got a hemorrhoid from doing that.
what do you mean my money is no good here?
Nah, hold. Will keep going up.
350p just because I like a nice even number to drag me down to a nice even $0 left
Any q3 news?
Market cap is still much lower than NIO. NIO has had way more growth
Where to stream?
Never heard of SPXS. I suppose its an inverse ETF of some sort. Thanks for your reply.
Paid to poo 😌
Stretch those cheeks baby boy!
At least a month out. Shorts are trying to force the price down right now
Okay really though, if BABA fucked or a good buy

December 290 looks juicy
Random person who told me "T calls two weeks out trust me" I'm gonna need some reassurance here
It’s not money until you cash out and spend it on something besides the stock market
Not related to stonks. BAN
Stimmy is ded if we leave it to Mitch and Nancy.  Jpow please save us!
Are you Tom Keene?
Anyone have any 1dte lottery tickets? I've got 5k ready
space
I never said the election was stolen at all. In fact I don't think there was widespread voter fraud either.

Trump taking this shit to court only strengthens your position that he won the election. Now, after its over the "stolen election" narrative is bunk because the courts reviewed everything. Why the fuck would you not want the legal process to play out?

Do yourself a favor and prevent yourself from looking like a smug asshole when you presume to think how "trump supporters think"
Damn is it too late to buy into xpev bout to be autistic
He is going to say the EXACT same shit he says every time. Something like:

\-I've got a really big tool in my pants

\-Shit is bad but getting better

\-I need stimulus for the big tool in my pants
thanks kyrie
/u/life-of-a-mack your NIO leaps you sold 2 week ago for 100K are worth 200K now.
AMZN $3095 p 11/13 hopped in and out and made $700 in like 15 mins
[deleted]
I would but who knows
JPOW just said that vaccine don’t matter to far away 

ZM!!!!
You sold me im in
I'm thinking NIO does what it did yesterday. That is, it will keep slamming against its upper resistance until it eats up all the sell order volume and then breaks up past it.
RKT blows
up .069% is mooning?

&#x200B;

edit: unless you meant over the past few days.
Good thought.
I love how everyone is so supportive
Drilling
JPOW say anything interesting or just a repeat of last time?
Bought Tesla calls expiring 18th. Tell me I’m a retarded naughty little bitch
They probably laid off their analyst and asked their janitor if he knows excel
Here we go PLTR
JPOW: Next few months could be challenging
Y’all wear pants?
It’s just one last money grab on the way out the door. “Don’t forget to donate”
takin a shit at work wooo
[deleted]
Some of these politicians are such scumbags
I’ve made 37k in Robinhood over the past 365 days. That’s a good chunk of money to make playing on your phone.
Sideways days like this is why you don't buy weekly options.
You know damn well we’re all trading here. Leaps are not trades, they’re investments
Whenever I see comments screaming doom, I know my portfolio is going to moon. Thank you.
holding today, cash-out tomorrow
Yeah I bought some 17C for 65 a contract that I'd hoped to skim a bit from, but it hasn't done shit since.
Guess WSB Really have a way to find a stock

More people shouting the stock it usually have huge up/down 

After that its becomes forgotten and it hardly moves. E.G. CORN PRPL TSLA GME DKNG SLV NVDA RKT AND NKLA...
As someone who grew up on a steady diet of boiled chicken, shots fired
Market won't let a biden win look bad <3
The what now? I just lost 10iq
POSITIONS
SPY is not tech heavy. QQQ is tho
help me decide wsb, 60c 05/21 Nio - sell before ER?
BABA is such a POS
High IV
And earnings today

Risky
Any new plays?
Place a trailing stop loss of 10-15% for 60% of your shares and forget about it
Holy shot what an Awful final play RIP
350 EOD
Fuck yeah! I will sell if she hits 3400
🩳
They just keep sucking on Donnies D!
CRSR, HYLN
That’s because you’re retarded, bro.
Yeah, I'd probably be going balls deep on a lot more of these weeklies.
Doesn't wheeling account for this? You sell a put and sell a call, and if both are hit you still make a profit. If only one is hit you wait until the other one is hit with premiums. It would suck to have a 1-way market for r/thetagang
[deleted]
NIO comin to get ya
JPOW 😍😍
Roll into 11/20. You’re blind if you think this isn’t going up more today abs tomorrow.
how was it allowed to trade?
Still believe in it to come through?
Thanks, it'll either be turkey with all the dressings; or KFC substitute.
spy having lots of trouble getting back to the 50ma
what ghetto circus are you going to?  my bears ride unicycles.
Holy shit.  Powell's face looks like a ripe cherry, it's so red.
HYLN is dead
Okay based 👀
I am exponentially more fuk than you
so spx is just going to chop around whatever level came out of AH.  Got it.

cash gang it is.  fuck the market
Never heard of em, but sunk like 30 bucks into some 11/20 2C and a single 12/18 2.5C
I'm up 13% on HYLN, I'm guessing you bought a while ago
I said this in another comment, but if we look back at WWII Germany, Japan, and Italy were all on the wrong side of history but Germany and Japan has highest engineering prowess in the world and Italy has Ferrari. I hope the world doesn't move towards another World War but those countries and companies held up. Volkswagen especially held up.
No lockdowns boys bears fucked
what play got u back
Because if you're wrong you can still wait and get your money back.. Eventually.

With options if you're wrong goodbye 80% of your investment.
Speaking at ECB forum 1645GMT
What tf. CNBC: *Maybe social media is more like opiates?*
[removed]
Literally bailed on a few calls right before this V goddamn it
No/small stimmy > move funds to tech > spy go uppies
Ford looks like it might be first EV fleet vehicle to market with the transit.  Even if we are in deep recession these will be a winner when states and munis virtue-buy them plus there will be tax incentives for businesses both large and small to make them actually cheaper to purchase than internal combustion vehicles.  Just saying.
Zoom crash in next six months
Meh. Dudes always been hard right so I doubt it gets movement.
We buying into LI?
[deleted]
Another flat day like the earth
Weak hands are out, resume moon mission.
[deleted]
Depends on expiration... if you wait through any dip it will recover, if you hold through the moon landing... sell.. this stock be BULLYING us so just take a beating if your expiration is long
Bought 10 @ 4.00 before Tesla joined up (bc I'm a a broke lightweight) and still have them $420 in profit today. I'm scared man. The musk market cannot be predicted and I don't know when to sell.
AKA “We’re fucked, but I don’t want to explicitly say that and make the market tank”
lol buy a leap, fk it, eat iv crush for a day or a week but at least you're not gonna get bitten if it just has some freak moon mission
Maybe never

We know in 4 hours...
baba in fkn purgatory
Pissed I was awake for XPEV 36 but bought more NIO, went in on XPEV at 43 but feel disappointed still.
I have the 3170 12/18 calls.  I’ll hop out at 3150 gladly
Bear Gang theme song https://youtu.be/TPVs1heWJGY
She wants 356 again
She should be buying you something from LV instead king.
It’s nice to know I’m not the dumbest person around

https://www.reddit.com/r/tax/comments/jsy52f/whos_dumb_here_me_irs_or_the_sytem
Man TSLA sucks now
Upvote for being literally the first person on WSB to show a gain from RKT. It's about time.
for short term plays flip a coin
ban
It will once you sell. Surprised QQQ is outperforming it in the past month tbh. Thinking it will catch up eventually.
There is always a buyer and a seller. Just, someone decided that price was where to do something.
The commie stocks have doubled my portfolio this month so I could care less.
what should I jump into today?
He sold at the start of a dip. This fgt made money, yinz lose it
Easy money
[deleted]
God damn algos just let Li break 30
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/1326930085836951555?s=19

Grab UVXY before the weekend, boys. It's gonna be wild.
idea for a haunted house next year is a giant red room with all your calls and puts that expired screenshots on the walls. add in the plays you thought about making but didnt and show the green ticker and potential gains and we got ourselves one scary place
They won’t give this fucking market up will they
Selling all my Chinese EV calls because they're too green and my portfolio doesn't know how to handle it.
Yes
"I know, we'll DIG OUR WAY OUT!" -wsb...probably
😂😂😂

Thanks for taking me back.
Buy GME calls for PS5?
nio holding 46 really good   
we just fueling up for another run 🚀🚀
What are boomer stocks
he fuck back
Xpev and NIO ripping, while HYLN shit the bed
Rich by New Years lad you’ve got it now don’t look back just go for it yolo
Well now im betting things are going to get worse while the majority of stocks do well. But look out for those recovery stocks that shot up but have a big chance of going backrupt. So when they do you can cash in the hype. But if youre looking for something like a short squeeze then look into high market cap stocks or companys that will really benefit from a stimulus check
Not in Japan
AMC puts, CVS LEAPs, SPCE calls
Take NIO profits and run?
If you are buying BA you are out of your mind.
what usually happens after
[deleted]
Funding secure 420$
Zoom with the retard strength  💪.
actually, the most important factor, human nature, hasn't changed at all.
I sold at open, then bought back in @15
It probably won't... It happened the past few days already. Unless they make a profit, it probably will crash back to 10
I think he's being coy...
Wait until earnings, D+ can’t keep them afloat for long. There’s bound to be a dip.
I’ve got 11/8 SPY 154P. Good luck sir, may the best man win
💎🙌you pussy
i would poke lagarde silly.  she has that cheap real estate agent haircut and glasses.  gets my unit so hard
Tsla is dead in the short term while everyone’s pumping the Chinese EVs
Puts aren’t even a good play because IV is so high. Not gonna touch XPEV
That means someone bought those shares?
Fox stock is def bleeding since his recent tweet
I'm up 46% on it.  Profits look juicy but that earning is everything.
FSR
[deleted]
In the short term I think just cod. ATVI is one of the few companies who hasn’t delayed titles and with warzone carrying over to black ops those micro transactions are rocking.
This bitch aint going nowhere, but as soon as they dip again, me buys again!
since when do we post $1k losses here? why is it on the top of the page??
Depends how much of my $ came from stocks
lol I'd say its reached the moon today for RKT standards
I love xpev, going to keep them long term, but I sold all of it at 41 today and bought puts. Really feel like there's going to be a pullback this afternoon, and then I'll re-invest.
just bought some nio 35p's 11/20
God damn it's like Sony wants to rise, but the rest of tech is dragging it down like a dead whale so it's a stalemate.
The classic S&P500 rotation into NIO
ZM 🚀
I’ve been consistently theta gang for a few months, but today I bought a couple SPY puts. Brace for the second wave of lockdowns lads
🤣 Noooooooooo
Probably, but no, I wanted a 911 and that's what I got.  (Wife is not happy but who cares?!)
Nasdaq back in Bulls territory
Oh shit. Missed that.
Haha I’ve noticed since the election. Two fox anchors dismissing trumps claims. And even That Laura chick, big trump supporter, saying he should just accept defeat.
Don't even bother; most people here can't read.  Just dump for a Nx profit (guessing they were \~$7 when you got them?)
Yolo with my last $70 available
Also me. I'm so fucked right now I'm going to be sick 🤮 3170 please come back and I'll gleefully take my 40% loss and run
I’ll sell them at $6. 1k is decent profit for me i guess
Solo
No way xpeng isn't going down soon. When it does, I'll sell TSLA at a loss (roughly down $200) and put all 1500 or so into Xpeng. What do y'all think.
Only to post pictures of my account to have robinhooders drooling over it and calling me a god
It's a fetus stock.  Very young.  Once it's born it will fucking moon.
NIU
[deleted]
BA dip rn
Ohh fuck China broke Hong Kong pact threatening sanctions . Put city before 🥭 tweets
Tell me, what does it feel like to hold a stock that goes up 500% in 6 months?
BABA and RKT
sweet bajeezus
RKT GONNA BREAK 22. HOP ON!!
KNDI. Trying to beat they hype train.
You think we can hit an ATH of $20 by next friday? I need lies... they’re my only friend right now.
Press makes more money on fear, so I think you’re going to see bad spin on this. 

He’s already said there is nothing else they can do, aside what they’re doing, and without Stim markets are screwed on short term. This has me worried in general.
waiting for those XPEV gains porn
Should I fuck with the rat ($DIS)?
Lunchtime dip right on schedule
[deleted]
ZM weekly chart is insanely bullish
[deleted]
Biden won 

America is no longer king dick

America’s knees are gonna be sore after what China is gonna do
[hope I don’t regret it](https://ibb.co/5FW4pZN)
I was just there. Converted to stocks and didn't look but once a day. Enjoy the views.
yeah xpev has monthly options
Nope but sold today thats for sure
RKT bout to moon. 24$ EOD. $28 EOW
I wish Jack Ma would just pucker up and kiss it already.
What time is PLTR departing for it’s moon mission?
If cocksuckers could stop selling off NIO any time it gets near 47.20, we could see $50 today
[deleted]
What ticker are you all looking at Beside NIO, XPENG, LI AND TSLA
Trains are slow
Gonna dump PLTR calls before close and roll into some longer BYND calls
Yes, but no.
Rotation out of SPY plz
Nah, he's probably just stupid.
Baba just following spy but spy doesn’t have much room to run soooo
Nice one mr 420, should have bought calls like I said
[https://i.ibb.co/frrY806/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/frrY806/image.png)

2x TSLA dark and lit pool share prints today:

200,000 | $417.00 | $83,000,000

225,000 | $416.13 | $94,000,000
Holding... hoping
im also trying to get in
cha boy actually bought the dip look at me gooooooo
Try holding PFE, shit never moves.
Best bang-for-buck would be SPY puts or SPXS calls.

Good luck.
Lmao, nkla a value? Haha, that’s incredible. Thanks for sharing
Interesting, thanks for the perspective. I’m used to Democrats ripping themselves apart but it is odd to see Republicans doing it
Last chance for SPCE train
Pssst... don’t tell too many people, but.... SLV is back on the menu.
I stressed out all week because of the terrible calls that I bought on Monday, finally took the L on them today just to watch them finally go green and then my next trade makes me way more than I was imagining the last ones to. 
This is one wild game folks
Lol
Yikes dude, sounds like you dont deserve her
who has jpow link for daddy
QQQ calls??!
The Chinese government is a horrid, oppressive, authoritarian regime. They are more than likely engaging in ethnic cleansing and are actively interested in the domination of sovereign people’s who they consider part of the “One China”. They are a morally reprehensible government that is likely a great danger to the global stage in the future. 

But these EV stocks are printing bro.
Gap filled in NQ

Can we go up now?
My NIO shares are the only thing keeping me green
Upside now is it can't go into negative. So only way is either up or flat
When will AZN announce their vaccine?
idk I made that up
Sry have all my tendies in nio. I used my gambling money already this week on ddog and zoom. I’ll follow you just in case 3rd times the charm and you hit a 1000% play or something 😉
I'm stupid.
On a meme stock what a fucking champion. Good luck idiot ✊🏼
Anyone think buying PLTR calls rn is worth?
No one here does that lol
[removed]
XPEV, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
He’s going to be checked out until January
says they build tricycles and bears ride tricycles in circuses. sounds bearish to me
**OH MY GOD... xo-b!-le**
I saw that. What do you see it going to?
Ya man I’m in at a good price ... at this point it’s gonna have to drop 25% for me to be at a break even point. With all the hype I don’t know if I could see it tanking 30-40%?...just gonna set a stop loss and hedge.
Should be close to the end of this month.
Monetizing those eyeballs to the point of making money is a completely different story, and how many of those eyeballs existed solely because of his position in the government.  

Decent chunk of people on here have unfollowed his twitter because it doesn’t move the market anymore.  Best case scenario is a Rush Limbaugh scenario, worst case is bankruptcy.

That’s also assuming he avoids jail time in the state of NY.
If you ever actually become rich are you still gonna be in this thread fucking around?
I’m just going to keep flipping the channel until I find someone who agreed with me!
fuck you, thats my goal!!
Where do you see that he speaks today?
> never underestimate retard strength.

True dat.. atleast in short term
Let’s be real. No company jumps 2500% in a year and stays there. It’s just not a thing. Eventually it’ll come crashing down. The company will definitely survive and might even become a big player in the world. But no stock holds these levels of gains for long without giving some up. I’ve been buying deep OTM puts with a few months of expiration for $2-5 each. Im still rerolling the options profits into it daily though. Play both sides and ur always a winner
It’ll run until earnings
People still forget, but the rumor; sell the news?
GTFO
* /r/babystreetbets 

* /r/smallstreetbets 

* /r/antstreetbets
So everyone is printing money from EV and guess what i m holding: yes that s it i have bloody HYLN. shittiest stock on the planet😭
*looks at XPEV and NIO*

Ah shit, here we go again. 💦
Bought @28.05. Just wanted to throw some money in just in case, problem is I only bought 6 shares...
Fuck dude I know I’m like... when do I take profits.. greedy asf lol
Biggest crash or moon ever depending if they flung or actually reports positive profit this quarter.

Then again even if they report positive profits, I don't see how it can moon since Xpev just raliied 30% on lower than expected EPS that is still negative...
Pltr wat are you doing
Daddy, mom is in there with her boy friend. I will clean it once they are done.
Better late than never, I’m so glad I dumped BABA. XPEV is looking nice
Damn they snared my ass with that trap so hard
holy fucking shit. XPEV calls this morning paying off
Pump tech pump
Sold NIO and rebought again and bought PLUG calls with my profits.
Shiiiiieeeeeeet
Yeah I think 20 or below is a good entry point
J POW not going to have any new answers in this meeting - markets going to not like this.
Come again? You just missed out on the next 30% buddy
They are like the easiest dicks to suck bro
🕵️ = SPY
[deleted]
pomp et
Very bad if buying
Good ol' Jpow PowWow
[deleted]
this 45 11/20 I sold for XPEV gonna be ITM soon at this rate... wtf
[deleted]
HO-LI SHIT
Loading up on value stocks like $RKT $NKLA $PLTR

Vanguard considers those "value", so I don't see why I shouldn't. [https://i.imgur.com/oie5eAt.png](https://i.imgur.com/oie5eAt.png)
Did the Jonestown folks drink the kool-aid?
AMZN please go to high of the day and I’ll dump my position so damn quickly
Wait for the correction,  they told me....
What's a good buy point for Li?
Lmao no it wont
Bad
Sector rotation into... BOEING???
I have call debit spreads , but I’m fine grabbing a put if it picks a direction
NIO trying to stay ahead of XPEV in the race
Sector rotation into Boeing?
Hell, given what field of business they are into.
They were at .01 now at .03... one more pump they will be at .07 minimum
50% cash going into JPow this afternoon. Literally no idea what the fuck is going to happen. 

I have more in FD puts, but not much. Long on covid plays (CHWY) still as well.
DFEN going green after being down -5% at market open 

I told u guys to get in 🚀🚀🚀
I can't make predictions but I did buy a  BABA Dec 18 $300c
start a gofundme, and name it "should have sold the day prior". 

I'll throw a benji towards ya
What a retard
[deleted]
Powell talks in circles at an elite level. Recovery is good, but we’re in trouble without stimulus, but we’re doing well, but I have no comment on fucking off with the QE, and oh by the way the coming months are looking challenging. So what the fuck is it?
Next chinese EV co is KNDI.  Get on that.  I don't even know what they make.... I'm assuming like forklifts and shit.
Oh fuck
What happened to BA!!??
Chairman Xi has sentenced baba tp the 265-270 range for eternity
What are the PS5 games you look forward too? Any of them ATVI games?
Good try bear gang general.. nobody tell him
Barely got out of some airline puts.
I was thinking of buying BABA calls and BA puts. But only bought BABA calls. So only half sad.
wsb: see you NIO bois after the ER dip

NIO ER: +150%

wsb: NIO ER is gonna take us to the moon!! LET'S GO!

NIO ER: -200%
Grabbed some 360s just for fucksies
Don’t touch my PLUG money
Thank you!
Boomer plays back on the menu
15 year olds can’t vote
Please moon already Donkey Kong!  What are you waiting for??
RKT buyback engines firing up 🚀
Wtf were supposed to tank on Thursday’s
XPEV TAKE ME TO MARS
nio dont doubt ur vibe bb. make that push.
For the... detectives ?
Sir
356C Spy 11/13
Checking in
Sold mine yesterday, cant be greedy dog
🅱️ulls get 🅱️ucks, bears get 🅱️ucked
A lot of Chinese dick sucking in this thread
isn't this just a luckin coffee but with cup holders?
Sheeeeiiiiiitttttt. Gotta make enough to where I can buy my girl an LV bag for Christmas and it not even put a dent in my wallet
Do you not find piles of cash around your house? 

I moved the sofa the other day and found half a mil I forgot I stacked back there.
NIO 😳
God speed
Ask your uncles wife’s sisters girlfriend
Personally, I  see them going up like that too. I think it just comes down to a matter of what entry you get in on the call.
I bought NVDA on the dip this week so rolling over my sweet tendies into AMD hoping I can still take advantage of the vaccine discount
horrible if buying. decent if selling.
It has retard strength. It doesn't want to go down. Lol
Go clean ur room son.
All stocks look like that going into earnings
To be honest I think we are still early on the rally.
Why?
YA DO IT
Here we go spy full recovery in 1 hour 😂
Puts seem better
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Can you guess the day I discovered WSB?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsxtda
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsxtda) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/LtCrrunch, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
LtCrrunch
poorcollegekid12
theoriginofstorms
MadejustforWSB
Hey fuck you man 😭
cmon ddog
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
With a name like hotboxing, clearly he's an experienced drug pipeline analyst... or at least something related to pipes and drugs
nvm got it
stuck at 15.24-15.28...
Because Jack ma challenged the state. Ccp can make baba zero in an instant.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
TSLA   430.0|1.11|1.15|1.13|-1.02|45.188%

**Unusual option activity detected on the TSLA 430.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

TSLA 430.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc26ql6&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I know; I wish you all the best with your sales -- fortunately for you no one here actually does DD and will drive the price up solely out of FOMO and herd mentality (sold all my $9.29 shares today on a -10% trailing stop).
Chicken nuggets from Wendy’s
Pacb
I hate to say it but XPEV probably gonna eat mega shit eventually. Literally trading at NIO levels in one day
I would buy the heck out of XPENG PUTS if IV wasn’t that high LOL
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   55.0|1.84|1.87|1.86|0.92|151.195%


NIO 55.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 2 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc26qcs&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Gl
Congrats on xpev holders. Wow!
Boeing puts on this pump?
Lmaooo for real
[removed]
nio
That’s where I’m leaning towards. I did just buy a TSLA 11/13 430c for shits and giggles so I am an autist 😂
Just wait until Friday the 13th
[deleted]
No big stimulus
Is it possible that you are cussing a guy on wsb and finding out later that username belongs to your Dad. 😂😂
[deleted]
You must accept that those options are dead but you will be able to sell them for more than they are worth right now but you will have to wait.   Happy birthday
Whatever convincing you need my man. The bigger question is, when have you come up positive after losing on one underlying and taking another position on the same underlying? Just all sounds like too much of a  gamble
I’m so nervous lol $50 by next Wednesday
Bought NIO and LI, really regret not buying XPEV as well 😞
Turns out most of us were protected all this time
His sub 50 year old supporters I assume will. I doubt old people know about the alternatives. I’ve heard commercials on the radio for weeks about newsmax. Oann has been gaining traction for a couple years. Check out the comments to his most recent tweet. Filled with people talking about newsmax and oann.
I think next week is going to be a very bad week for the 🕵️
Less complex easier to use
We pedaling back up though baby.
VIX: Oh the market is down -0.4%? Let me moon another 5%.
Nah the clowns that watched are fukd- trailer park tv
BNTC
Being wrong is ok. Staying wrong isn't. Move from BABA to other stock and from the beach to the bar. Time to celebrate. Happy bday boyo!
I also bought 11/13 NIO calls today. Gotta love FOMO!
My life blood
Im going to be a little, but how would you do it?
Mango stepping back from stimulus negotiations.

He's straight up checked out. Cmon tech, you heard him, pump!
That's why you always wait for a pullback before you buy. You're just fucking yourself if you don't wait for the right setup.
What about Xpev?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   357.0|0.9|0.91|0.9|-1.25|16.015%


SPY 357.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc26od6&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
These months*
Why Tesla feeling more and more limp each time I look at XPEV
What’s the mouse gonna do on earnings?

Tank a little so I can buy leaps perhaps?
Link, it’s not showing on red website
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ATVI   80.0|2.19|2.25|2.21|0.34|33.039%


ATVI 80.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc26nip&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Theyve already been doing it
Bought an 11/13 SPY 357c for fun
My BA puts are dead. RIP
You've been added to the antifa target list
God I hate this market
More or less happened in Fall 2018 lol
It’s a strike price of $100
BA boner
[deleted]
Its probably the stock buy back, no?
Sadly many of us will never know!
Is it in a box?
What drug
Baba predictions for this month and December ?
stock will move whether you're looking or not. happy birthday enjoy your day
that didnt work out so good last time
PLTR is pinned as fuck. Not sure what to make of it.
Zoom been at 427 for an hour
Very good DD. I’m impressed. ATVI 80c 12/18
Voter fraud
What?
one day my NIO puts will hit and ill get to brag to my moms boyfriend how smart i am
Always has been
JPOW speaking btw
Rupert cringing for all his years of sucking Lil D
Whats Charmins ticker?
🍊 would of got so many votes if he was a active WSB member
Once lockdowns are announced
Exactly man.
But did you have a good time with your $45?
Why’d you get banned tho?
Nah, Fox is going to be alright.
Man unity...
Nice lol
Every dollar XPEV goes up or down makes or loses me a thousand. Today’s been a good day.
If I only had more money, that rkt 25$ 11/13 about to shoot to .10$c for a 500% gain. Too bad only had 95$ to invest.
Glad I sold my calls on it yesterday
230 is the goal. Wont double though
Fisker said he is coming out with something huge on twitter! I expect a proper sell off (the short % is very high here) when the news comes out.. I would wait for tomorrows sell off to jump in
Puts on Dominion
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RviuTfdfArM) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RviuTfdfArM)⠀►►⠀ 2:03 / 3:05 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I yolo BA puts for tmr
What's the news that caused us to crash so much?
I know it's going up and up and up, but I just don't trust Chineese companies. It's outside my comfort zone, so I avoid it.
alright xpev lol
NIO 11/13 50c. ALL DAY !!!
Bought calls at 133 a few weeks ago, godspeed
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Macallan_Parlay the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Too late bruh lol. IV dumb high
[deleted]
This is gonna drill all fucking day
I mean you’re good man just hold
This weeks loss won’t matter to you in 2025, or even next year. But having fun in Cancun celebrating a new year of life will, it will be a memory you’ll reminisce about in due time - wondering how fast the years went, and all the stocks you could have bought and just held in the old days of 2020 to become rich in 2025.
NIO
yes, but you need to write them, not buy them
Elections not over buddy
Serious question - will people do that?
Alexa play tie me kangaroo down by Rolf Harris
😥😭
Next goal: $420,690
Exactly I do this all the time.
Exactly
Why would you do that if it just hit an ATH- it’s going to consolidate for a bit
OK boys we cashing in NIO today or hoping it inflates tomorrow and cashing out then?
Damn wish I bought 1dte vs leaps for Ba
Gave you an award for that one
id feel better about playing ER if it stays low like this tbh. if it runs before close im selling my 11/13 $16 calls
XPEV ... i cant quit you.
Eh, I don’t believe the world is against me.
I’ve been bullish, but there’s not an answer. America is a consumer driven economy and that’s been literally the only thing (according to every economist alive) that’s propped up the current market. That’s about to get disrpupted even more for December, than it has since the housing bubble - and even more so for retail. 

If that’s bullish to you, then I respect that, but let me know why.
Yeah, cashed out at 500% and bought some SOLO March calls to take a breather. The NIO train gave me anxiety. 

What's your EV pickings right now?
[deleted]
BABA do be acting sus 😒😒😒
Didn’t play Tesla but I assume this is the feeling. Constantly ripping 7% a day
Hahaha what a train wreck this dude is- like the invisible voters are against him now?
True...Calls at open Puts now-ish
So knowing the market. Its gona sore when everything crashes. I lost a months rent worth of money betting the market will go down durring the election and man was i wrong
Why is BA mooning?
There we go they try the powell fake pump!

NO STIMMY IN LAME DUCK WH just walked away!
I fail to see how FTC veto hurts FanDuel, if anything it forces them to continue to have market share and expand
Nobody tell him.
Really doubt that.
[deleted]
Yes.
RKT GONNA BREAK OUT SOON
Congrats, fuck you. Now 3 more month to 1mil good luck!
SPY dying but NIO holding the line makes me reconsider buying NIO.
He’s been a dump for a few months now
It’s risky
always been donald dump, man is fucking useless
Stay on ur phone all day
But their eps is -. 32 this makes totally no sense. What's next? PLTR post biggest lost ever and share price double?
get off your fucking phone and hit on some bitches. and happy birthday
355 new ceiling please
I have this same option.... debating on selling now and sitting out earnings and buying back in?
Senpai Daddy JPow ❤❤❤😭😭🧡🧡🧡❤❤🥰🥰
[deleted]
[deleted]
As a bystander mortified by options, if it hits $50 by 11/20 then you'll have the opportunity to buty 100 shares at $50. You'll have to have that $5k ready to go though.   
Now multiply that the 14 contracts.
Bro enjoy your day. Put it away and check tomorrow. You’ll be good. Happy birthday
Bullish for tech
XPev PUTS????
Bought Pton calls at the top. F in the chat boys
You should have bought 4k of ITM calls. But good for you for at least buying 3 months out and not some weeklies.
Trump news network will bankrupt fox news
It hardly dipped.
So is zoom gonna moon or what
Fox is fucked after trump telling people to switch to oann and newsmax lol
Xpev 
🚀
🚀
🚀
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Purchased two days ago Sold at 45 gonna buy after earnings I think it will break at 46 today when should I purchase more calls like time or days after earnings and any option suggestions?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsxslm
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsxslm) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ollie_popper, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
theoriginofstorms
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Your the retard, image clearly shows the timeframe here is all of time, almost 14 billion years.
All the bears chanted “DIE SPY DIE” as they jumped Around the fire
when it dips so bears start rejoicing 
and put their puts in 
and then it goes up as soon as they buy their put 
therefore trapping them in their trade
OH SHIT IS SUB 355 HOLDING?!??
He fucked my wife.
Yes it will. Sometime shortly after joe fucks it down to $115.
Never heard of it
[deleted]
Roarin 20’s 2: Electric Boogaloo
Saving my account after a retarded yolo on a long spy way otm call
Down 10% on the week, up 9% on the month. I guess that’s a win?
Why buy the Chinese monolith of BABA that prints billions of dollars and is 15% off it's highs, when you can buy Chinese Tesla that makes no money and are at an all time high?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326930236131450892?s=19


Sir this is a soup kitchen.
a little 100$ on an XPEV put..no one will say you are not a trader.
Looks like Bulls turned on The Masters and left the Bears to shit all over everything like they normally do.
I believe it will dip after earnings but we should only be at those levels (whatever they may be) for a couple days or so, that’s all speculation on my behalf tho
It is quite clear at this point that Jack Ma has an huge unannounced short position in BABA.   That shit cannot be legal even in fucking Ghyna. WTF?
I just had 2 calls and I sold one today. Premium was crazy because of the IV. Letting the other one ride
is being a NIO disciple right now what it felt like when Tesla was growing and half of WSB was trying to say it would implode any second?
Why is NIO being pumped on here more than 🔌. Simply look at the 1 week and you will know which is the best stock right now
Downsies
Nio stock brought us together we all got to make money together it's amazing
ALL TOGETHER NOW BOYS, LETS GET FUCKING RICH!
It's already pumping dude, way too late
Yeah looks like SPY is down trending. I’ll be paying close attention. I secured profits with snap too. I’m thinking of going in if it drops below 58 I’ll be standing by. You are a good bro !!!
[deleted]
I hope so
XPEV had earnings already
Bought 11/20 80s when it dipped this week
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because puts can get fucked on IV
Ok boomer
Low Key buying every Kohls dip
honestly with NY about to lockdown again, I’m considering a December play and going all in. I think it’ll definitely hit 25 even before December. What are your thoughts?
PLTR laying down like a good boy about to get a treat!
it will be $100 next year
I think profits will move into NIO.
Pltr like watching paint dry
how fucking funny would it be if JPow said something like "we see the markets are nearing ATHs and would like to take this opportunity to raise rates"
How did he go from Donald Pump to Donald Dump in a matter of days? Shut your yap.
I'm gonna go ahead and need NIO to start following XPEV again lol
Trump is on some nut shit right now. He might effectively cancel Fox News today lol.
[deleted]
Xpev again? Bruh
Jerome talking right now, get ready for Tendies
[removed]
I mean you can probably scalp a correction with a put two weeks out but shorting seems dumb
Obvious V shape on SPY commence...this shit being range bound since Tuesday
Now moves with GA
BURN THIS SHIT DOWN
Are we gonna moon now
not dumping fast enough, obvious v shape, dont get caught w puts
Mr. King from FanDuel wanted to be acquired by DKNG for $1b but was rejected by Federal Trade Commission for monopolistic concerns with DKNG. DKNG is $16b while FanDuel claims it is still worth $1b despite the unsuccessful sale. So yea, nice to have happened but it should still work out for dkng
[deleted]
Honestly if you didn't smash XPEV calls at open this morning (if you didn't have any before) you're bad at this
What would satisfy? I don't keep paystubs from two decades ago.
Fuck Amazon, piece of shit Bezos. Why the fuck doesn’t this stupid shit go back to 3400
It already broke 47. Like an hour before you posted this. Wtf 😂
Picked up some UVXY shares with a trailing stop loss. Let's go, boys.
Zoom 🚀
Crude inventories data.....
It’ll definitely pump into EOD and tomorrow. How high is anyone’s guess.
I got in on ipo
And so I can get out of my puts 🙏🏼
Guys, jump in on CRBP. Unusual volume on Nov 20 calls, something is stirring.
\+.58% BUCKLE UP!!!!!
〽️ shaped recovery
God speed
[deleted]
Stop 😴 on STAA
Imma need you to die spy
does iv changing 2% on my nio leaps effect it a lot?
Hmm. This may be podracing. Im out on my major longs, consider the same before this bounce breaks.
but do you think it'll run?
I play calls on stocks not mentioned in this sub, shares for the mentioned ones too autistic this place is
Happy cake day.

I would sell. You either have 40% now or you have -140% because something happened.

I forgot this is wallstreetbets. Go to the tits motherfucka and buy 100 more calls. No balls
That Porsche isn't going to appreciate by 100% in the next 6 months.    You could have waited until May and posted up a photo of a McLaren or waited a year to post up a Lambo,  or waited until 2022 to post up a Bugati.
I have some
You think it’s gonna run up before end of day? And playing Er would be really risky right
Yeah, basically. Nail on the head, my friend.
JPowell says fuck your puts
Wonder why
I got out after making 30% on my leaps. I’ll buy back in after earnings. Feel free to call me a retard if it doesn’t dip.
Dis or DKNG earnings? On one hand dkng probably had a good quarter with all sports, and future looks good with more states allowing sports gambling, although covid makes sports uncertain. On the other hand Disney seemingly always goes up
You belong on r/smallstreetbets
Don’t get me so god damn hard
Jeez, TSLA so lack luster these days.
Today was amazing
Lmao.
Don’t just hold, add more
Ban
Wouldnt be suprised if NIO pumps to eod and doesnt lose any gains. Unless volitility goes up and the indexes fall.
I have a hard time believing a trump network would fail. The one thing the guy is an expert on is drawing eyeballs.
I still have a call until january. I hope this goes up because of PS5 launch
PLTR 16C
Hedge
Sounds Bullish as fuck to me. Your scaremongering means piddly squat, moneyhater
11/20 290c, you can buy 2 contracts for baba
BABA will return
I always do
What oil data
When do you think this fuker is going back above 3300. I am bag holding a 3220
You sound bad at philosophy
Jay just needs to say that everything is fucked and drop this thing to 340
Why
Comment of the day
Look at comparable call options....then get back to me
BA guys, just broke trend and has massive upside, not even including the fact that the US is about to approve the Max, and the EU is reporting the same. That stock will double in a week.
I kept NIO but was dumb and ditched XPeng.
yikes
Anyone else noticing XPEV and NIO no longer synching?
I sold for 100% today, don’t trust that shit
Spicy McNuggets?
Who's got a link for Jpow's speech
Thank you.
He's got to suck as much money out of his cult as possible while he still can.
Very. NIO seems invincible, and if earning spook people, it could be bad.
When BA moons my screen shakes
Thou art not worthy
ye
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What day
Already in have two contracts for 12/4 that I was gonna play earnings with and I’m up 30% on those currently, might wait until Monday or might just get out today
Buy the pelotin dip.
Stocks only go up, even the inverse ones.
This.
Fuck Qs
A government that’s on a mission to fuck the West for its century of humiliation. Look it up, watch the China hustle. They’re here for your cash. Don’t be naive.
NIO been gradual with its rise all week. 50 EOD will be happy with me.
[deleted]
Maybe they can take a little edge off the NIO hype train
Add some XPEV calls to be safe
And Buicks
PLUG is HOTTTT
Oooooo.....fucking MarketWatch's economic calendar has j pow & friends listed at 11:45 😑
CRBP for a quick swing trade
BABA calls.
Nio.
NVDA calls.
PLTR
I should if taken XPEV 8 days ago when I wanted to 60k instead of picking NIO at 39 for 1600 shares 🤦‍♂️
Any good news? Hope they recover to 60
уеs
[deleted]
Why is Etsy being so lame
Yolo
volume is stupid bigly on PLTR and its just getting pinned at 15.30
What in the fuck is literally going on with jinko solar though this is the most fucky nonsensical stock I’ve ever played with
Fallout gang represent!
XPEV + NIO 50 eod. I once accurately predicted which raindrop would win the windshield race, you can trust me.
BREAK THAT MF 355 BARRIER
I bought these guys just over $4. Sold at $12. Kicking myself haha
[removed]
Where's my damn lambo?
They pulled a positive eps from -.15
Seeing a lot of salty paper hands in NIO. Just Buy back in. ER is NEXT WEEK. Lol. $250 EOM
Pltr is gay just go to 16 so I can sell this FD
fuck my puts what is this?
[deleted]
I'll get the gun.
Lol, he keeps linking OANN as if that’s convincing anybody
Lol gtfo
👎🏾
have fun losing money
Xpeng or buy the PLTR dip
Nio and plug
Perhaps in 1997, we're on new drugs now.
Thanks Barren Wuffet
Would XPEV be a wise long term buy at the current price?
DIE SPY YOU FUCKING UGLY CUNT
Dinner on you?
XPEV going to dip again or yolo?
[removed]
IV will probably be insanely high, so risky unless you’re already in
Whoa sick ball grabbing hand emoji
My uvxy calls could care less
todays winners. XPEV call holders. lucky bastards
Just sold the rest of TSLA for NiO. 4K shares deep in China don’t fuck this up thx
Childish Gamblerino
You think it’ll last through tomorrow or dump?
PLTR steady pump til 4pm incoming
[deleted]
Jpow speaks at 2 doofus
[deleted]
damn, account in shambles with those plays. Sorry to hear that man. Could of gotten in snap yesterday when it turned red, its up almost 8% now. Dont give up though, there's other plays out there still to be made.
Feel like shorting XPEV 
I know they beat earnings but 30% in a day js a little ridiculous don’t you think?
Plug and Power Daily Trend still not broken.
Why gamble with FDs when you can just buy LEAPs on NIO / XPEV. China is literally becoming the biggest market, going full EV mode in the next 10 years.
Bought Xpeng yesterday.  Feels go to finally have a win.
I'm going to put a bunch of money in PFE shares
Announce lockdowns
Play still good but I secured profits already, will reenter when I think it cools down for a bit
You’re welcome 🚀
BA taking off
lol, you say that as if we still have money left to afford anything other than weeklies.
Yess
Love me some organic growth on my Chinese EVs
It's called sector rotation.
PTON is like my brother. Says he is a “workout machine” but constantly loses his gains every week.
Sell
Yes,  E-trade has a habit of closing down their entire system so someone selling $3,000 worth of calls gets pinched.   

Because it was a fake outage, and clearly just out to get you.
sell every bounce
Hold
This guy looks like a douche bag.
NOK back to not giving a fuck and just vibin on up
Nio only up 8% while the other Chinese evs are up 15%+? What a shit stock 😐
Then those calls would be worthless.. unless it goes past that price. Your iq went to high that it had to restart at 0
If they believed it was worth 4.50 now those calls would be worth $1.50- 2 each tops
Can we take the elevator up this time please?
welp 355 is the new floor
Setting my money on fire with some XPEV puts. Here’s your chance to buy calls, don’t say I didn’t warn u
[deleted]
How risky is playing NIO earnings?
The pull gets you hard on those losses
[deleted]
You got it. That's probably the perfect move anyway, right?
JPow about to speak.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Take My Friend's Advice! All in PLUG, YOLO!!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsxpea
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsxpea) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/SirDutty, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
poorcollegekid12
theoriginofstorms
Yesterday and today was just a little bump on it’s normal rotation between 2950 and 3400. It’s going below $3000 soon, then I’ll buy in and sell when it breaks $3300, like it always does.
I can show you the world
AMZN puts instantly printed and I ain’t mad about that 🤌
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Lol spy with the hella bear trap
I bought calls more than 20 minutes ago
What's your lottery ticket for the day?
V shaped recovery incoming.
[removed]
I already did
What are we thinking about 550$ NVDA 18/11 calls?🤔 They should have somewhat of a runup until earnings right
these candles wild man, the rebounds off of 355 are nuts
Noice, now do $69.
They are backed by the government
DFEN is a money safe haven
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Idc if it’s a small account it’s too nice not to share.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsx6wz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsx6wz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/edgar__allan__bro, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Bekabam
MadejustforWSB
SlightlyStoked
theoriginofstorms
I guess we differ on what “see” means
same, dipped out slightly early though at $46
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
You are straight retarded
Wow the PLTR call options activity is just insane. Big money betting massively on this to go up like another 40%
Baba what the fk, go up.
its at mega resistance
lmao mango doubling down on his addys today. holy fuck bro.
MMs smashing the "BTD" button
When the commission fees are larger than your portfolio 😤
This is a fabricated story made up only to make a Beyond Meat pun
Should I hold NIO?
holy fuck.  another covid self haircut.  i'm looking like your mother's puss at this point.
[deleted]
Ouch, 26 is definitely a decent chunk of cash right there. Still, at least you didn't lose on it. And I'm more than certain that well be able to continue cycling through NLS with its pattern for the foreseeable future
Here comes the V that comes after every one of these dumps these days...
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
XPEV   40.0|5.25|5.4|5.2|3.71|145.882%

**Unusual option activity detected on the XPEV 40.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

XPEV 40.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 2 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc25v4c&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
If your not in JMIA now, you need to be!
I accepted my 90% loss today before it dumped to make it 100% loss.
Tell that to the people who probably bought 11/13 calls at the tippy top when IV was insanely high. Don’t think those people exist? Trust me, they do
joe bidet is pumping the green new deal industry
Me, too.
Not interested in buying you, though
Easy to say when facts don’t matter.

1000 votes in 1 state vs. 100k votes in 5 states.

Cognitive dissonance.

Democrats are completely inept to lead, yet they may have coordinated the greatest election heist in history with the help of Republican leadership in multiple states.

That is you and your thought process.
DKNG?
Yea so many fox news comment sections are filled with people trying to pull people away from fox and towards those other shitholes. Take a look at trumps twitter, he is retweeting a bunch of random accounts simply because they are shitting on fox news
FUCKING DIE SPY
looks same to me
I also have a XPEV 40c 11/20.
What an awesome video, thanks for sharing!
can't stay under 355 for longer than 10 seconds
Guess people only care about revenue
what the hell is going on with QQQ today
NIO 12/4 $50 C 🤑
[deleted]
Sold it
Okay time for reversal
My portfolio is all in safe boring shit right now and it's giving me anxiety
No I am not in but I think there is more puts for their earnings then calls. I actually caught the pdd move by following the big money that went into weeklies lol . What do u think will it dump on earnings?
Love how it causes apple to dump lol
[deleted]
I was promised a Lamborghini, not a spot at the soup kitchen.
JPOW will grab the mic and simply say "run." At which point, chaos ensues. SPY$6 EOD. Bull r fuk.
BA!!!!!
Its for boomers
China is communist. You can’t believe that you as a stinky westerner gets to own something in their country. They’ll take your money and kiss you before they fuck you in the ass.
What is a bear trap
The real retards sold yesterday at 39
[https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1326926226888544256](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1326926226888544256)

and/or 

[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326923816925335553](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326923816925335553)
Why are we red all of a sudden?
wait after earnings iv crush
Nah wait for a dip. A lot of option traders don’t like to hold over the weekend so we will see a lot of profit takers tomorrow most likely we will see a dip.
We must learn to pump on our own now.
You in on some shit?
Long term calls if it dips on the announcement.  News media networks don’t exactly print money and boomers aren’t exactly the most prolific in demographics for advertisers.  More than likely a Trump media network would fail.
*guh*
You’re a closeted 🏳️‍🌈🐻
WTF AMAZN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There's a bull and a matador fighting in the sky
I bought puts about 20 min ago
I just picked up 11/20 13p. Pays to be prepared. I’m also long shares.
Who made money today??????
When is baba gonna stop being bullied? I want to get in.
Wtf is this. I'm in
Just bought rkt 03/21 calls... sorry rkt bulls
[deleted]
I wish I was drinking when I read this so I could have spat it out while I was laughing.
buy MCD and then me later
Play NIO so you can buy a Tesla
Anything less than 500% is pussy shit.
alright ,well im holding, fuck it.
[deleted]
I fucking love how spy retests the days low, at precisely the same time j pow is supposed to speak..... Fucking ass hat mother fuckers
i told my friend if amazon closed under 3095 tomorrow that ill slide him some $ - might actually happen =0
surprise mothafuckassssss

Another tech rug pull
Be cool to break out of this tight range
Only up from here 😎
Simple rule, never buy puts, but don't always be a super aggressive bull
I was much wealthier an hour ago.
QQQ will end at 294 today, mark my words. Don't believe this pussy sell off.
I would nut immediately
Market: \*Starts Drilling\*  
BA: "Prepare for take-off!"
What does this mean for stock price?
dad?
Sell now dipshit. The point of options is the asymmetrical returns. At this point you're not risking $1.38, you're risking $13.95.
When are you selling XPEV?
Good time for spy calls?
Fuck amzn and the bald fuck of the ceo
RICHBOYZ CASHING OUT
Get a load of this guy. He probably buys stock.
How did Xpev run up 25% on lower than expected profit earnings?
NIO is currently valued at 150% of what F is valued.... yes I’m not touching that thing with a 50 foot pole at these prices. Maybe at $15-20
Out of NIO at 46.50. Will jump back in after earnings. Good shit NIO
Not till it hits about 220
This isn’t even a meme turd burglar, this is some dudes fucking Snapchat story...memes are funny. This shit ain’t funny
i sold 158 NIO at $1.70
Well the vaccine pump is officially dead. It's bear season bitches
When NSDQ is the only thing that is green, it’s definitely sus
Can u please kindly buy a put now? Thanks.
Unity looking low
Why not just get puts for earnings, then load back up on calls once it drops?
mango gave up on us
fucking hate each and every single one of these old fucks
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
UPS   167.5|1.15|1.22|1.25|-0.75|27.71%


UPS 167.5C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc25nz8&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Check out pdd
DD IS IN

Weeklies = bull is fuk.
Monthlies = bear is fuk
Risked more than I’m willing to lose on more zoomie calls lmao it’s all profit anyways but hoping it works out like it has Tuesday and Wednesday. Let’s get one more major pump to 450 this afternoon plz
Hadn't even check AMZN today. Probably will. Give me a date.
[deleted]
Numberplate or ban? XD
Jesus fucking Christ AMZN who shit on you
NIO 5 billion share offering coming soon.
Buy more BABA
Thoughts on DOCU sign, should I get out
UPS 167.5c 11/20
Cash? CASH? scared money dont make money man. Might as well hold nio stock or put some in spy or something with today's dip
It makes sense as it attacks the CNS which is why people experience taste/smell issues
Its killing me literally mentally, physically, and financially.
PLTR DIP
its already ATH but XPEV making me want to do it
Is that some hope in rkt?
[deleted]
paperhanded bagholders...
[deleted]
[deleted]
What oil data
It’s a Long way down fellas might be profit taking time
Lol, she's attractive. But up your standards, dude. If you're putting a girl like her on a pedestal, zero chance you'd even be able to bag a 5/10.
Can someone Old Yeller me please
Good idea. Even if Trump doesn’t compete directly with Fox, its viewership is still going to be reduced. A lot of Fox News watchers are already moving to OANN and Newsmax.
Yea it’s not safe but since it’s ipo was recent and if it does beat it’s first earnings could be a money maker
Rumor today is no Stim till Jan, and house / senate in gridlock - and new rounds of lockdowns and hospitals over capacity ... and that’s gonna cause issues with consumer based economy. 

I’m buying the rumor until Jan.
$PLUG as we speak
Did you sell?
Lol instead of taking that as an imperative, I checked Sunrun stock
hey shout out to the autist who said nvidia calls 😂
Shhhhh the reason it’s doing so good is because wsb doesn’t know about them
Will it go 270 by friday?
looks like we made the right choice
Why did everything started dying as soon as I sold. Hmmm....
Yeah, that pump came hard and fast right before earnings.  Seems sus.  I'm long PLTR, but this just feels like autist harvesting.
hey did you guys hear about this coronavirus going around?
mother fuker needs to rally!!!!!!!!!!!!
My puts aren't complaining but does anyone know what the fuck is happening?
Middle eastern girls
Yeah, I missed out on this gravy train lol
All sectors are red and all global indices are fucking red 

What the fuck is even going on anymore?
Baba y u do diss
Just open multiple brokerage accounts and fund them from margin from robinhood 😂
If you dont own XPEV u fkd
Haha yeah bro get on the ride
Short it.
because betting on single's day is too easy. priced in and sold the news. i think same thing happened last year
I am a huge amd bull. 50k in shares, 5k in 01/15 90's, 5k in March 21 95's, 10k in Jan 2022 100's
> They really aren’t. I don’t think you understand how complicated modern Diesel engines actually are. Electric motors are as simple as it gets. Turbos are more complicated.

....so you think combining all of these is a better solution than just using one or the other?
BABA for the 3rd day in the row continues to Shaft me with no Lube
Can’t believe I bought PLUG calls on 10/12 and they expired 10/23. I pretty much perfectly timed the only dip in the last 2 months
How so ? Us bulls have been fed good in 2020.
Nah gambling on an IV run up into close and a recovery
Lockdowns are bullish for Uber and Lyft apparently. Fucking dumpster fires won’t die
Call SoftBank
climbin
my girl is mad at me for trying to buy a PS5 ($500) as if I dont spend 5x that on FD's haha dumb bitch
Design, Manufacture, Own and Operate EV Charging Stations
don't anger the CCP when it owns you
It appears that the market was not impressed with Trump’s comments
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I'm very new to this. what stock should I buy first?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsxo3j
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsxo3j) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/xXxJ4XONxXx, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
MadejustforWSB
OverpricedBagel
theoriginofstorms
Rule of thumb here is, if in this place you only see green super gains, it s time to sell.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I hope so need a good 10% pump
Trying to figure out why.
You know Li is releasing more info tomorrow morning right?
200% of 0 is still 0
Thanks. I'm learning to make adult decisions.
how
how can they just say "pill" and not the name of the drug?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Puts on clorox

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsxgx1
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsxgx1) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/4fgmn4, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
MadejustforWSB
ORRfleshlight
theoriginofstorms
Holy XPENG 25%
They’re working against you. The deep state is keeping you from your $5 gains. Turn off all electronic devices including your penis pump
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Yep +1000 to -1100 and dropping in an hour
Lol nationalism is only strong in the USA. Europeans don't care about that. They care more about the luxury and reliability.

German cars are popular because they are well designed and reliable. Not because they are german.

China imports a lot of luxury western brands because of the perceived quality car brands. Not because they like Germans.
what the fuck is this dump ffs
Yup
NVDA y u do dis
care to expound?
That's what got my hands itchy. Took profit except for a couple 35c I got a while ago that are up a few hundred percent, If we pop big those will pay off huge. Didn't even lose much in value dropping from 48 - 40.
american election
oh yeah its input is through the roof. I honestly should just wait until the next day - the premiums for all of this shit needs to crash
I miss tech rallies 😢
RUN.
SPY GO THE FUCK UP PLEASE I CANT WORK FOR FREE
It happened almost the minute after I bought a call.
I have some retarded LYFT call lottos for next week.  I am fully prepared for them to be worth zero, but for some reason I think they are going to print.
Sold my Friday spy calls for 356 puts right when the oil data came out, I feel v smart
My guy! Respect
Really wish I invested more into the company.
Yolo
Back in NIO boys. Doesn’t look like it’s dipping much. 11/20 50c here we fuvking go!
I just sold, made about 2.7k in profits going to cash hold until after earnings
You will forever hear Elon’s voice calling you a pedo.
brazil
U gambling ER ? I put in 1k in calls at open, money I can’t be spending like dat
nio holding as spy drops
That's what im thinking too
No actual analysts are here bud
Lunch dump break 🌈🐻
I wouldn't
VIX wyd?
I’ve learned to always take any gains on this fucker because the swings are intense. 
Went from +$17k to -$7k in the course of a week on calls a little while back
my plug calls are rippinnn
You’re actually retarded lol
[deleted]
Only Diamond Hands and Dip Buyers allowed in NIO. $250 EOM.
Deirdre Bosa (CNBC) is so hot
US politicians the reason why we're drilling?
Everyone is fucked
https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/z65cUTPTokzJ_Eb_TFq5tJz5xPs=/0x0:690x331/1400x1050/filters:focal(272x101:382x211):format(png)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/53099131/Screen_Shot_2017_02_05_at_11.22.01_AM.0.png
Nio drop so I can buy in at 30s please
Sneaking with those positions? Let us help you pump... you have to pass the Eiffel tower to get to the MOON.
DIE SPY DIE
By month end
He’s doing his best
PILL USED TO TREAT OCD AND ANXIETY MAY PREVENT COVID-19 FROM WORSENING, A PRELIMINARY STUDY SUGGESTS - STAT NEWS
No wonder I haven’t been impacted
Fuck you market I hate you I'm dead
Surprise vaccine tomorrow. Load up on spy calls
I sold at 28
Dude we’re up chill
Sounds like a The Big Short type thing.
That sort of thinking is very dangerous. In this market.
Did you have a source for their previous earnings?
Oh okay gotcha, if it expires ITM then you just have to buy 100 shares at that strike price.

If you don’t have the capital to buy those 100 shares do you get margin called?
Bro same!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully records sale are announced for black friday and we rally past 3.3k and maybe even 3.5k
I’m 1k in PLTR calls since morning, took fat L, 11/20 gamble through earnings ?
Sitting on $10k worth of Jan 35 calls
Hold the line
Yes
I 'member
Spce says fuck the stimulus we don’t even have sales anyways!
r/babystreetbets
It's a fucking bear trap. Buyden is President. Buy the fucking dip, huge moneymaking opportunity you clueless faggits
Anyone else loading up on FSLY
FTCH has a lot of room to grow in China, OSTK does not
spy wants to tank so bad, won’t u let her?
[deleted]
> I mean it did dip the last two days. I bought some more at 40. It is currently at ~~45~~ 47
Is it illegal to own tesla and nio?
Here’s what bond yields mean. When bond yields are lower that means there is more demand for bonds because other investments are seen as more risky. Because of this they can have lower yields. When bond yields go up the market is seen to have less risk so in order to make bonds more attractive they have to increase the yield otherwise nobody will buy them.
Nio 11/13 50c
I'm turning Chinese, I think I'm turning Chinese, I really think so
Kind of want McDonalds for lunch, but I already got it for dinner last night.
Just sit on your hands... you do the right plays
Id sell right before er
Can I buy puts now?
Hold til Monday
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326927924348538880?s=20 

> PILL USED TO TREAT OCD AND ANXIETY MAY PREVENT COVID-19 FROM WORSENING, A PRELIMINARY STUDY SUGGESTS - STAT NEWS 

I...... I.... I'm immune?
Oh ok! 👌
Down 10k??
I'm just being greedy at this point but if NIO could break through 47.20, thatd be greaaat
11/13s checking in. It’s hard to not make money if you can read a live chart and have some sense of how this stock has been acting.

End of the day call it guessing but it’s been good to me. Got out at today’s top so far perfectly. Not touching it again for now
Somebody turn this boat around please
Gay
Can I get a “what what” on Kodak??? I’ll never recover from that shit mistake
Sold my calls at 9:20 they proceeded over onto ahead and 4x in value
TTD goin back below $650
I keep buying/averaging down calls only for it to stay rangebound. I'm not buying anymore
AMZN with that limp dick energy
hold!
we havent $pulled the $plug yet
keep believing that retard
[deleted]
This isnt actually me you retard its a meme
Anyone got SPY support levels sorted? What are they? 354 and 350?
Terrible guh feeling
Y’all remember the days of Tesla rallies when it’d go up 50$ in a day?
Buy dip Amazon
I'm right up there with you man I bought 9 shares at $11 and sold at $16 😔
Ok i know i am late but why did BABA crash?
Would be cool if DIS fell back to 110 after the bell, but it won't
got myself to 75% cash...but did not buy puts at the top. damn it.
To the moon
I don't think you understand the situation fully
The Masters: A GUH unlike any other *cue twinkly theme*
The volume on nov 20 calls is super high too. Interesting.
Fucking Christ AAPL...... again?
“Well, paper hands, I gave you the play why didn’t you doubled down” just got me uninvited from Thanksgiving.
Nov 27 $90
TAKE MY FUCKING ENERGY PLTR
As long as you know this is a pure gamble that will be heavily hit by IV crush and theta, then go for it
o mai, VIX done woke the fuck up
Columbia - Ukrainian maybe?
Baba 270 C 11/13. Should I bail or recover by tomorrow
AMZN with big gay bear energy. Stop this nonsense
Fuck you Russell
I guess I’m crazy then
It's the midpoint of the current channel lmao. Chop was to be expected
having a terrible gut feeling about this
But if I wait I can do it all my life


Or flip burgers at Wendy’s while dreaming about it
Why is tech in shambles
Baba’s undervalued rn
JAMF? Earnings today.
Idk lately Jpow seems to be the tankmaster
I know you're teasing me spy. fuck you
Curse these paper hands, man.
$1000. Give me a play.
Chazdaq in da red 😰, bears up to -97%
🤫
Huge red candles on everything.
I want to see your positions not your giant fucking forehead. I can see your wife fucking someone else in your sunglasses reflection
DIS earnings ?!! EPS hella low
Dis calls, dont doubt the mouse. Thank me later.
Lizzo: BYE BITCHHHHH
*Looks at AAPL*
Nio bears are so fucking retarded
[deleted]
bye AAPL 🤡
[deleted]
Nah I almost think they love fox more than mango
What's the announcement?

Expecting to pullback next week?

I wanted to get in at sub $14 but it doesn't look like that's going to happen
This shit is retarded. Everything I have puts in is going fucking up.
no
down  goes spy
its a bear trap  
don't fall for it  
buy the dip
Cool Cool, I need 23.70 by friday to break even on my calls. Make it happen. Mucho appreciado
Was up $10k at one point today, looking fucking red again goddamn it
Leverage.
Accuse me?
[deleted]
To the moon I guest🚀
Same for FPRX
What culture makes the hottest babes? Everytime I browse Tinder another hot ass Latina pops up
Illuminati confirmed?
More money buying bonds means less money buying stocks
RKT, "hello 👋 i would to like come in."

22,"BEGONE 🦶🚀💥"
[removed]
All in on BABA now. Going back to 300 EOY
Down 93% today, gg
Thoughts on buying FOXA (Fox news) puts?

Mango is going after their market share hard today, signaling he will start a competing right wing network
Woo happy birthday!
Guys should i bet against NIO if it hits 50 EOD
It’s a good idea to diversify just incase one if the stocks drops significantly, personally I think nio is a pretty solid choice though. With what you have I would say 1 or 2 depending on if you end up getting gme or not.
Xpev reported doubling their revenue since last quarter. Guidance is what drives rally post earnings
NIO 12/18 20p
HOPE YOU BOUGHT THAT DIP ON RKT
Tumble tumble
Dude, how are you so sure?

Actually. Stonks only go up. I'm in, x20, same calls
Stocks are about to print green, buy high sell low boys. You know the routine.
Cases skyrocketing, deaths catching up, lockdowns coming back, and Lyft up 3.6% lmao what is this market
jesus watching this stock that should be at least $23-24 dollars creep up a $.01 at a time is painfull.seems lke resistance at every $0.05 increase....
The amount of anger I have for nvda is abnormal.
Date and strike?
If you have a problem figuring out if your for calls or puts, then you ain’t black
[deleted]
Sorry guys Amd is only shit once I buy options on it
[deleted]
Who can perfectly time NIO dump ?
Can you translate that for us retards?
XPEV making me wet
No one could have predicted this haha. So far this is the only time I've seen a company go up on earnings day since Covid started.
[deleted]
I own a position in PayPal and will hold it. They own Venmo  app - people and businesses are using it.
There is no symbol data bricks
that's familiar
options are slept on with those spreads... 1k for futu or 1k for two NIO coupons... idk (NIO)
well thats not ideal
Hmm. I think it’s time to exit my remaining positions in HD, TGT and buy back in next week. SPY looks like it’s about to fall down some stairs.
Thoughts on DOCU today , should I hop out of my $215 calls today
that beyonce don't wipe
consolidation is over fuckers. Rocket refueled
[deleted]
Hey I haven't heard anyone talk about NIO today (or the last week).  How's the stock doing?
Somewhere out there is a guy who probably posts here and keeps trading between NIO and XPEV losing money LMAO
oh really? How many, got a link?
Li puts seem like a good idea, but still spooked about them
don't jinx it
I bought puts and I almost got wiped as well. I want off Jeffrey's wild ride.
We were at 47.46 earlier
Ensuring that the election was legit by using the court system is not undermining. Jesus christ were you alive for gore bush 2000? 37 days in the courts before it was settled. Calling for no investigation and to just shut up and accept it is actual undermining of the Democratic process
stuck in pergatory
Leggo PLTR let's smash 16-17 before EOD
Activating diamond hands
Not this shit again..
https://media1.tenor.com/images/ab8043807c23e39400e6b0d8986e5e2b/tenor.gif?itemid=4920526
Most mid November babies are Valentine’s Day babies. I was born about 6 and a half weeks early. Makes my whole existence a shitty April fools joke.
Bond yields are falling through the floor.  Especially the 5yr.  Risk off behavior.
My 41c for NIO tomorrow is PRINTING. Shold I hold my 46c for 11/20 till early next week or sell this week? Already planning on selling before earnings.
We new you were lying when you said gf constantly asks for sex from you
[deleted]
You should buy the future Amazon - Alibaba
I can confidently say that I know more than you do ;)

One of the NIO's Executive VP's son is literally my classmate, and my friend is close with him, both interned at NIO Shanghai in 2018 summer. (I go to UofT engineering. Don't wanna break reddit doxxing rule, feel free to dig on your own. Anyone who is reading this, don't DM me for info). XPEV and NIO should both do well in China, but to me XPEV looks better for the demographic right now.
I have a boomer mindset, can i get in this club?
Usually all the companies that do well in anticipation for earnings and do best earnings plummet, yet with XPEV that didn't happen so what's to say nio won't do the same🤔
Apple red again lmao
RKT 🚀
great job you fuck
I guess im the only one who made money off that shit. It had that bump right before er. That was your chance.
feels priced in based on todays movement
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   43.0|4.3|4.45|4.35|2.96|112.939%


NIO 43.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 2 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc24y69&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
PLTR is in a descending triangle pattern for earnings, bearish sign
Fuck the banks. Feels extra good to get those tendies
here's how to see pluto with telescope 
https://earthsky.org/astronomy-essentials/how-to-see-pluto-in-the-night-sky
Here comes the Rona
I made some gains on snap. You still in this play or no ?
Closed out NIO 11/13 43c for 105% profit and opened up 12/11 54c 

📈
# Rumor Has It...
fully agree
There is no condition where you don't keep the $25. The credit you receive upfront is yours - you don't need to wait until expiration. If your $20C you sold expires ITM - you keep the $25 credit but your shares get called away from you at that $20 strike price. In the end you have this: your $25 credit + cost of the shares at the strike price ($20 × 100 shares). If your Sell call expires worthless, nothing gets called away.
What’s everyone’s thoughts on AMD calls right now? I’m thinking they’ll hit 90 by end of November and probably break 100 going into the new year
It was at $47.40 earlier. Give it a bit, it's hitting $50 before EOD tomorrow
i'm not even gonna buy puts on this shit, that's how retarded this ticker is
Perfect time to buy, bull run after Jpow's soothing brrrrr
in that case have fun
Jack Ma in crosshairs to be made example of by PRC
Greedy ass whore
If you sell half, you can probably have settled funds by this weekend for a little thing I like to call “weekend bender with cocaine and hookers”
FSR has had these type of pumps in the past and then dumped pretty heavy. I’m gonna wait to jump in until I see it sustain some gains.
Amazon making me second guess everything I've ever known
Jack BAAAAAAAA
Ban
Yea first drop is in 22 mins apparently.
I always buy on red days so..bring it
Look at it this way you can laugh at me after it blows up in my face if I do
where my BA/DFEN chads? 

report boomers
I feel like it’ll go lower short term but it’ll have tremendous growth long term
Up over 100% on xpev *shares* 

Sold half, the other half is free money
I had FD Calls over last weekend feeling a huge bump, this week I'm going FD puts. Bigly red into Monday, but green/even today and tomorrow to build hope and give exits.
RKT buyback initiated look at the level 2 order charts.
Lyft was drilling to the earth’s core this morning now it decided to moon. Get me off this ride
pricing in the announcement on 15th.. will be a huge sell the news event (as usual).. I am excited for the news and wanted to get shares but its already at a point where I will be surprised if it pumps anymore.. got a small position in puts for it
Let's drill in this mf
Wtf Bezos ! Do you want me to quit amazon prime?! Take care of your fucking stonk
Die spy die
Crazy, especially with all the Chinese stocks mooning and breaking the singles day sales records. Gotta be in for some movement soon
Good long term play, I have a lot of stocks, but I’d be cautious with calls. On that note analysts have bumped it to $22
Why the fuck did Amazon dump again? Fuck this shit
If we don’t break $47 on NIO convincingly we’re just gonna keep falling back.
Did everyone forget about prpl
almost back to par after the drop post ER.
AMZN taking my gains back. Come on, man
PLUG is my plug for ez gains
Steamy
Happy birthday :) Hope it's a good one.

Mine was the 10th.
Good play.  Profit is profit son. Take it. Put it into something else and then lose it.
I have a good gut feeling I can dump my 11/13 18C tomorrow for a profit
I draw trend lines firstly and then use bollinger bands to identify entry and exit points. I also look at volume and pivot points too to find resistance and support levels
Yikes this volume is cacapooopoopeepee
Rotate into AMZN please. 3200c is draining me
this is fun money at this point. Already took out my 62K in profit on NIO
[deleted]
Well man better than buying it and it drills. That’s close expiration is beyond autism imo
Welcome to the unemployment line
ok ban - lol /s
 NIO LETS FUCKING GO 🚀
Over valued imo and people are rotating out of tech for now.  Also YouTube went down yesterday
You cant see Pluto with a telescope, retard
Only if you timed it right
[deleted]
ya man there's no way Trump will let Biden inherit "His" market. he's gonna try something fucky
Did you sell this morning when it broke $6 or hit $7?

If my Math is right you’d be up another $6k-$14k depending on if/when you sold
pretty sad honestly that it's come to this
BA was literally just at 193 shiiiiiiiit time for some 200c
Feels nice to be on a winner stock for once, thanks Nio
Nio gang rise up!
So many nio posts i feel left out
I’m dead just risk management could dip
It’s literally already underway.
Papa pollos
Fuck BA
Took profits on my 40c but waiting to go in again. Nasdaq looking weak today. Too weak.
[deleted]
This 355 bullshit is a joke
This market cutting its parachute strings one by one
Billionaire
[removed]
Don't buy weeklies
Sell my 159c tlt 11/20 that’s up 100%? Or should I hold out and see if it goes higher?
I believe 20c2/21 is safe.
[deleted]
No news yet but CRBP is rising, some good insider info?
Stim not happening until January - if that, Senate may just gridlock, if red. Worried for the USA but buying Spy puts now. Market has turned bullish short term at transition change and vax news - but hey no Stim for December will screw up holiday earnings = lots of businesses will shut down and bankrupt by Jan / Feb according to my banking contacts
Huge Cup and handle on ATVI 5 years chart, time to buy in?
no biggie, priced in. No one is expecting stimulus until January
LI 11/20 puts. Easy money. No way LI, XPEV and NIO pump past tomorrow.
[deleted]
Thoughts on FSR?

Up 8% today, same as NIO
perfect batman on spy 1 day
Lmao, stimi talks going bad. McConnell ain't havin it
alright alright alright
I hate to see these crazy run ups you know a rug pull is coming
McConnel: Not Interested in `DRAMATIACLLY LARGER' stimulus. Same  amount as Sept (ie. 500B).

Market: (Pikachu face)
LMAO he calls it the second coming of christ. yea we see how well that as gone in the last 2000 years lol

What a fool, actually puts his real name on this tripe,
On the cuddle topic - or a pet cat. Cats will make you feel loved. Like the emotional connection.
PLTR PLTR DIP
SPCE ready for takeoff
Sorry, forgot to mention this comment is for people that don’t have room temperature IQ. I’m sure there’s some glue for you to eat while you buy more 30% otm FDs
It double bottomed on the three month chart—I’m going to pick up a few hundred shares
11/13s were the way to go if you had day trades.
Double bottom on nasdaq
if it goes back to $16 before eod i'll be ok with that... bought a couple of cheap puts as a hedge
Sell, and buy ALK calls for june
WHAT YEAR IS IT???
Nio anxiety post #162
Stimulus talk resumes, pump and dump?
What does everyone think about PayPal?
Ex-president about to purposely ruin the economy so he can say "look, the economy doesn't want Biden to be president"
Bud. For real- real advice here- you are in the wrong sub for a question like that... “smallstreetbets” is a way better place for this question.
Anyone getting in on DKNG or PLTR earnings? Who has an opinion??
I agree lol
Respect, thanks for sharing man. 

Appreciate the advice. What are some of your current positions? Just curious
Take my double dicking
After today: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yui12HuS20I](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yui12HuS20I).
we drillin' today boys?
seems like most of these stocks are just riding the 50 day ma now. dafuq
🤙✨
I'm selling before earnings, don't gamble. If earnings are good sell puts against it and get back in on the fade
Proof or ban
I am
kek
Or 5 minimum wage jobs
I'm about to lose my account betting on GME instead of NIO last week.

I figured the console release would cause it to rocket.
Definitely will if LI beats tomorrow premarket like XPEV today
How many bought the PLTR dip and is now fuk
[removed]
https://twitter.com/elwasson/status/1326923762365816834
"dip"
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPCE   30.0|0.25|0.28|0.26|-0.03|112.45%


SPCE 30.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc24kby&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
This volume is horrendous, hopefully this picks up EOD or tomorrow. Can’t find anything to trade rn
You mean q5? I had one. They do not look alike at all. Headlights maybe. But not much else.
always take some profit, then let the rest ride.
Now is the time to get NIO $50C
what would u get on it
Why aren’t we all on PLUG?
Was for algos nub
It’s my birthday and NIO is shooting up!

Makes me almost forget I got so drunk I pissed the bed for the first time in like 4 years.

Happy 27th y’all
Yeah....if its enuff profit to take a screenshot / post on reddit, fuck it, I guess...(depending on how much theta (time) you got left that is.....
If I do that, it's going to moon.
True

source: my 45c that i sold early this morning not knowing it was gonna moon to 47. Still profited tho.
All in SPCE $30c 11/27 let’s go to the moon
ZONES CLOSING, WE NEED TO ROTATE BOYS
Congrats OP, Fuck you!!
Sold my 1/21 230C at the first top <3
so only 500 bil?
anytime I tell myself I'm "considering" dropping a good amount of money on options. I remind myself that i'm a retard and I'd probably miss that money when it's gone.
You can't tell me with a straight face that it is not a retarded pump. That said, retarded pumps nowadays seem to last an eternity.
NIO is literally the most autistic stock right now
If you’re upset about NIO dipping rn, you’re retarded and bought at the top or have 11/13s
Some days it’s RED LIGHT GREEN LIGHT
babystreetbets, ban.
The temporary top. As is tradition for all nio holders. It is to test their faith
Be free RKT! The pussy hand bag holders are gone! You are free to do what you’ve been meant to all along 🙏🏼🚀🚀
What are you so upset about?
PLUG is free money at this point
Yeeeeeet
[deleted]
I think so, anytime Reddit pushes a stock hard it has a dip after. Not saying it’s Reddit’s doing just saying there’s correlation there. I sold yesterday in hopes of coming back in after earnings.
I want a Hublot watch.
Yup. I’m in feb 15c, may 17.5c and nov 20c
Never buy NIO after 2 hours of market being open
what is that company
BAC put gang
just chinese bots potsting this exact fake news every once and a while

dunno what's up with that
Mango has begun his tantrum for whatever days he has left in WH now. RIP common man.

***US President Trump administration is said to be stepping back from stimulus negotiations***
I’ve been trying to trade but my girlfriend is constantly asking me to have sex and distracting me. I told her: c’mon honey, this is Beyond Meat!
If it can crush $22.01 the resistance is futile
Jpow will either come in and jump off the top rope and crash the market or he’s gone make his printer go brrr even more
RKT 🚀🚀🚀
At this point I don’t even care if I make gains or losses I just want something to FUCKING HAPPEN ALREADY
Why is baba dying compared to jd
What about it. Here's my position

5x 12P 11/13 (made 150% so far, just a small cover cuz I do anticipate sell off)

20x 22C 11/20

10x 22C 2/19/21
Today was fun for a sec, damn
Were any pattern to emerge that you could recognize, you would already be too late. TA only works as a self fulfilling prophecy.
People have been saying too late every time it jumps 10% so you’re probably good bro
My bad
9/20?? Time traveler huh
NIO PUTS idk fuck it. That’s my DD
Depends, if it is a crazy amount of money I would pull out. I think this vaccine news will consolidate the markets soon, could mean the growth halts. If it is a life changing amount I would pull it, if it is a nice size , just close some of your initial investment out
Just my dick, as usual
SHOP momentum and volume is so low and neutral that I didn’t make any money from Nov 13 weekly calls nor did I loose money, y’all think it will break out or sell off tomorrow?
F
Source bud? On tweeter or nah
Everyone talking about nio, PLUG is where it’s at
AAPL event pricing itself in two days later
Congratulations! you deserve it
[removed]
im also feeling snap puts idk why maybe eod
All the coool kids are buying nio now, TSLA was soooooo 2019
Come on boeing break the fuck out.
mine says it starts at noon ET
I don't know who you're trying to impress. Just go troll the daily threads. Why are you wasting WSB frontpage with your tiny PP posts...
All in on apple calls, wish me luck boys
ship sailed, wait for post earnings dip
I remember one dude saying “$100 EoY” and then switched it to “EoW” 🤔
yall know meli? gonna pop off without that gynese shit, cuz its latin america based
Corona scare is coming back, I’d be careful with that
Retards.
[deleted]
you're an idiot
bear trap
Yo Chasdaq the fuck is you doing
Talking shit about republicans and Trump. Nothing new.
Can MSFT go back up please?
Yes
F
Nice job bud
Okay.. i Will sell but not because you said so. Because i Will put the Money elsewhere
nice to see some life moving in my RKT calls.
Can baba go up wtf
JD is going to absolutely crush earnings on the 16 and fly to 100 on the runup 

You heard it here folks 

JD 95c 11/20
[deleted]
My puts are dying
RKT coming back!
Frig I'm bullish on NIO but I'm tempted to take profits. Could see this popping well beyond 50 near earnings. Could also implode.
Looks like ol Joe pulled it out!
[deleted]
Don’t worry, it’s primed to rocket. 🚀
CGC and TLRY
This isn’t even a ticker, ban
Want to play AMZN but of course I have no day trades.
Listen to this man. 
If you regret not picking up XPENG and NIO at $29 then why the fuck would you pass on LI?
why?
Insanity. Why?
Amazon WEEEEEE
✊
they were never discussing it to begin with, dude could have won the easily easy by sending out more cheques
Bloomberg running the headline, “McConnell: not interested in ‘dramatically larger’ stimulus
Msft drilling
Like a responsible citizen, I won't spend 4 straight years making up shit to try and undermine a Biden admin
Papa Bezos, what are the red candles for, it's not Christmas yet...papa no...no pls stop it hurts....
China doesn't have to sell cars to Americans to be profitable, they have people in their own country and Japan/SK/Europe too. Plus, imo, many Americans that only buy American cars are fucking stupid and there are plenty of us (me included) that would happily buy a dope, well-reviewed semi-luxury Chinese EV once they are proven.   

And when that happens I'll be sitting on my portfolio of NIO $250+ and buying a PS5 for my wife's boyfriend.
NIO
Guaranteed not as high as TSLA's P/E..
Can confirm, I’m from the maritimes
Care to elaborate for the fucking autists out there?
Oof.. too late for puts, too early for calls.. 

Feelsbad.
If you guys dont have any dd for me shut up
I sold fam. Pocket cash💰
Join him!
Waiting for that moderna data release could take till the end of the month. It’s Be cool if they announced it on Monday lol
Wanna trade?
Got to be the speech 🎤
how many shares of each?
[deleted]
...you make me happy when spy is gay
Just bought NIO calls at the top 🤡🤡🤡
nah I don't think it is, going to wait until Tuesday. If its not a good buy then it is not a good buy. Many people have told me 'its too late with NIO' and I never listen b/c look at the damn thing
[deleted]
\*laughs in XPEV
okay bond king
Smart way to play it! I bought leaps myself. WSB tends to jinx things when they get this hot lol
Fuck your calls. Puts all the way baby
Remember 2 days ago whe everyone was talking about how they "knew" NIO was a bust stock.
thx u
Idk anything about this company but I’m guessing it’s retarded recalculation a after a reverse split. Like oh the dude said it should be $5 before a 1000 to 1 reverse split. That means each share should be a million now right? Something like that
Lol someone said fossil was a bad move the other day.
LMAO
MANGO ADMIN SAID TO BE STEPPING BACK FROM STIMULUS NEGOTIATIONS
Who else has survived their 35 day ban?
Lol I was hesitant at 22c. Go for it!
Why does it feel like SNAP is in a bull trap
Come on RKT, get to 30$ already
EOD***
According to Thinkorswim Nio is expected to hit $60 by Nov 27th
I got 310 March 2021.
Ye that’s how you use calls bro
DAMNIT MAN, WE NEED ANSWERS 😤
Out on NIO gracias my friends
Buy puts and find out
I've given up trying to make any sense of this market. Just throwing darts at the wall and buying spy 335p 11/13
Don't be stupid. All the adults here already maxed out their retirement contributions or make too much money to make those contributions. Don't take this sub that seriously, you're gonna be in for a bad time if you see WSB plays as anything more than pure gambling.
President still has to confirm a bill and then back to the senate like a double check
Yes, not even a small bounce
Need LI crush earnings like XPEV tomorrow.
not a sexy play but i bought a put on CSCO earnings. not much but its honest work.
[deleted]
Airlines are about to moon again it’s just going to take a day
Which ones you been playing?
Like a Trump supporter, I will spend the next 4 years reminding you.
I think your point on people being nationalistic with their car purchases is legit. Which is all the more reason to invest. There are a lot of customers for Nio.
Good time to buy INTC? Almost at its 2 years low
This reminds me of trying to buy and sell AMZN options on RH
What you think about 20c 2/19 ??
NIO done???
My March RKT calls recovered after that post Er performance 

This baby going to 30 soon
PLUG really out here keeping my account afloat.
What’s the deal with IPOC? Looks like institutional investors are buying?
[removed]
Oil data was bad
This was 110% my fault
[deleted]
Markets are treating NIO XPEV as the next F GM
There’s a reason we aren’t crashing, I’m pretty sure we moon until 4000
Very stupid idea
Positions
Tomorrow is amd day

Also known as PS5 BABY
This made my day even better
CRSR dip lookin like a snack.
When more people start buying.
Regretting not buying BA every tick
they was hatin but we was waitin!
Baba gonna be a buy if it dies a few more dollars
that's why asmr girlfriend videos exist, its like relationship porn
I will be messaging you in 6 hours on [**2020-11-12 22:31:40 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-12%2022:31:40%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsw9kq/pltr_inverse_wsb_one_week_paycheck_yolo/gc2426i/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjsw9kq%2Fpltr_inverse_wsb_one_week_paycheck_yolo%2Fgc2426i%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-12%2022%3A31%3A40%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jsw9kq)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
pls
Is PLTR going to follow earnings tradition and screw everyone after the call?
which companies?
I bought shares to go long. If it pops, word! If not I got it long it’s a good company.
Guess that was the dip NIO
If you didn't put 1k or more in then no
Too late bro
Shhhhhh
It's a day early, but is anyone holding anything over the weekend?
I've just had enough with TSLA. I'm at high frustration level
What y’all think about TTOO? I can’t imagine wel actually see another country wide lockdown again. Too many Republican Governors... but what about a huge push for testing? TTOO had a better than expected ER last week and is down since last week.
Rocket gang! I got 25c for Dec. At bteakrvn now
nyea.

but a lot of us have our money in it.

When TESLA was being retarded before the split it was all the daily was about too
This is wrong.
I am feeling I sold too early but didn't want to be a greedy gay manbearpig.
Texas is a duuuuuump
You dumb fucking bitch
Like an actual adult, I will move on.
Why are we dumping
We should try poking it with a stick
what 0 pussy does to a mf
I’m too scared
I don’t have baba this is the only non domestic stock in my portfolio because there is lots more growth to be had
SPCE taking off🔥
I sold at break even this morning and then it shot up right after😩 I had 26 calls.
Only 15m SPY volume so far compared to daily avg 65 -75m. Is there any news about to break out? Or JPow 1:45 speech is what every body is stoked on?
ban
Love the name. I like the long term idea, seems like an ARK-type thing, but very diversified
No 💜
Yeah but if he doesn't sign a green lit stimulus from a republican senate that trumpers have been begging for he's gonna lose his followers he needs to tune into the news company he is gonna start with OANN when he graduates the WH
NIO BRETHREN THE PLACE WE GO IS THE PLACE WE BELONG.

NO ONE HAS MORE RIGHT TO THIS THAN US. 

TO VAHALLAAAAAAAAAA!
December- Jan
Smart move. Collect profits and do it again.
Not sure why people shit on TA and TI's when 80+% of all daily moves in the stock market are done by algos. Wouldn't you expect there to be patters when it's mainly computers doing the trading
They are riding I hope the "I Hope Biden forgives up to 50k of student debt per person boat"
[deleted]
"Some kind of statement about apples and trees and not falling very far."
Because everyone is making money on it but you
AMZN is so stupid.

Pre-ordering Matthew McCoughnehey's book was like $19. I just checked they lowered the price to $14. Cancelled my pre-order and re-ordered to save $5.
Bought GOOG puts
Buy LI dip, thank me later
following
47 is lava
Hold Nio through the weekend?🤔
Sir, this is Wendy’s. Something to eat?
Gotta screw the blue states on the way out, out of spite!
Cash that out and grab an 11/13 spy call or put, Rocket isn’t going anywhere  anytime soon
Bought AXDX Feb 15 Strike 15 only 0.15c premium. Pattern of lows and highs in the last 5 years. I will sell if it gets to 20, hoping for a squeeze to 27
Hes the one selling the call to smoothbrains like you you autist.
Has anybody else been making a killing off weed weeklies? The swings are making me easy money
>Brian Krzanich

what that's not true due lol. he keeps the premium no matter what.
Today was the day where if you bought any EVs yesterday (except Tesla) you would have massive profit on all of em.
Made 500% on PLAY puts that I sold this morning, are you proud of me 🥺
!remindme 6 hours
How is my BABA 280 11/14 calls looking bois?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PLTR   17.0|1.0|1.05|1.04|-0.21|177.298%


PLTR 17.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc24179&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Tosses my XPEV contracts yesterday after 3 days of getting it up the butt. It’s ok we’ll be back
Anyone else have ROKU ZM PTON calls?
THIS
What you know all the retards spamming nio helped! Either the Chinese bots or wall street
Get a fleshlight
[deleted]
If you want covid, head on over.  Just about everyone there has it now
Yes, but leave California politics at home. Do not want.
NIO
WAIT TODAY THURSDAY, DO THEY SELL OFF ON FRIDAY?
🤝🤝🤝
Walmart is releasing Xbox and PS5s throughout the day, so get to refreshing boys.
Gotcha. Good luck to you
I just started last week. :) so far The options i get aren’t going through on robinhood. Thanks robinhood. 

Magic wizard will my 17C 11/20 PLTR hit? $17.95 is break even btw.
Been holding money on plug for 6 months lol
Get a sex doll but instead of sexing it you can cuddle it/her
I am legit considering buying 10k worth of NIO 50Cs 11/20s on tuesday 11/17
Analysts placing it around $30. These guys will be 5 times that in a couple years
How is it any different than US buying gobbling up Japanese autos and electronics  during the energy crisis a couple decades after WWII. We transitioned from nuking their country to buying all their things. 
 China is making the same turn, just minus a global war.
 everyone else here wants you to go bankrupt with your r/antstreetbets amount, but I'm going to be nice and show you the path to riches. Buy GME or NIO or both and watch your $105 turn to $105,000 overnight!
So when in what condition do you not keep the $25?
Goes against my puts so baddd
Not sure which stock you talking about but BABA is not shit stock
Less stress. Trust me I mainly trade options
So here’s my market forecast if anyone gives a shit. If DXY can’t break through and hold above 93-93.5 in the next few days then we might see a massive melt up. Despite there being a dollar shortage around the world, people are bidding down and shorting the dollar in anticipation of future stimulus. Which is bizarre because everything points to the dollar deflating. Not to mention that the banks are tightening their lending, which has historically preceded massive rallies in the dollar. But I digress. So essentially these next few trading days will determine if we melt up to SPY $400 or crash below $300 (and I’m not exaggerating, we can potentially hit $400 by December). But what is likely to occur is another large crash, larger than the covid March crash, within the next 3-6 months. 

I’m still overall bearish, but if we don’t get some confirmation from DXY then the equity bubble will do its last big surge before we get a strong correction, which will likely cause a recession for a couple years, and possibly a depression if people keep losing jobs. The 20’s are just getting started friends.
Should i? PLUG 27.5 11/20
It was me. I fomoed
Need Tesla to break 420 again
The stimulus was always up to congress
how do you feel about draftkings tomorrow
[deleted]
white house stepping away from covid relief
When is GME gonna do something?
I hate this market
NIO 48 EOW is inevitable
BABA is fucking lame
Rocket gang!
ya it’s pretty much uppies today or nada.  $18 FD for me lol
Gains aren’t gains until sold. Never forget that
fuk you ... I am loaded to the tits
The NYSE has the highest trading volume out of any stock exchange yet it moves so fucking slow
NIO YOU ARE MY SUNSHINE MY ONLY SUNSHINE YOU MAKE ME HAPPPYYYY WHEN MARKETS ARE RED.
Shit stocks? EV is the future. What’re you waiting for?
Headed to 350 unless more vax news
[removed]
Apple is very safe. I’d go with that. If you want a bit more of a thrill with a chance of good short term money, I’d hop on NIO.
Can you even lose money on this when puts aren't even an option?
Not too late for LI. Earnings tomorrow
Sort of... pres needs to sign it for it to pass too.
Just buy it back before. Memes have no boundaries.
He sold it, so he has the $25 now. If it expires worthless he keeps the $25. Money from thin air (except assuming upside risk), infinity % profit, stonks
"momentum"
getting my plums squeezed here.  and not in the good way
[removed]
You pocket the $25 in your buying power the second you sell. When they expire unexercised it frees up your collateral stock
Good lord
Should have an hour ago
Should I move to Texas? I don’t want to be left bagholding California
I’m a theta thug, only bought calls cuz NIO dipped so hard
Won't move until January when they announce they blasted Q4
Naw, just loaded up on some more 355p 11/13
I will never understand ppl spending this much to daytrade shares. Why not spend 1/10th that money on options for more profit if you really believe its going up.
Sold my NIO FDs at the bottom yesterday, AMA

Throwing away lotto tickets takes a special kind of retard
Lets do this🚀
I'm pretty long on PYPL. Today is a mild retracement from the +5% day we had yesterday. It is going back to $200. Christmas is coming and we are going to get some covid restrictions.
I am with you bucko.
Man idk too
NIO is all that’s keeping me afloat today. $50 eod?
Can I get uhhhh.....retest of $355 support
[deleted]
Pelosi live making things very tense now
[removed]
Rkt gang! I'm back to breakeven lol
I’m in. 25x 17.5c 11/20
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**STWD**|**$17.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.07**|**$16.445**|**1674**|**480**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhf1swda97oj0770d1a206tl) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/zupooli/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
2000%
nio goes

creep up creep up creep up creep up creep up creep up RED LIGHT

creep up creep up creep up creep up creep up creep up RED LIGHT
Count your blessings... That dog is sleeping.
A bit. Is this just held up on fucking vaccine news rn?
[deleted]
 [https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326925006224416768?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326925006224416768?s=20)

> MCCONNELL: RELIEF SHOULD BE ABOUT AMOUNT ON FLOOR IN SEPT, OCT
RKT quietly doing its thing

now with reasonable IV
Ok NIO you can just chill here for the rest of the day and moon to 48 tomorrow and 50 on Monday
Here honey, I spent 5k on a treadmill/ clothes rack…
masturbating to porn or hentai it simply can't fill the empty void of a loving girlfriend. It's a truth I simply can't run away from.
I wish. You can lose tons of money when market swings up and down 10% in a week like it's been doing lately.
He sold.
Yup, we'll have to wait and see.
I blew up my first account and took a break for a while to paper trade and study while holding shares. Just restarted my options account on Tuesday, currently up 76%. Don’t buy based on what people here are creaming their pants over unless it’s a day trade with a tight SL, learn to interpret the charts, make informed purchases, and do not fucking diamond hand
How are people STILL chasing Tesla lol
Lol went from down -60% on AMZN puts to +10%....dont worry I only threw up twice
Holy crap the poor's are flooding WSB... It used to be fun to browse this sub to see rich people lose it all. It's just plain sad to see people lose the very little they have...

Use the 400 bucks to sign up for some online courses and a warm meal or something. Jesus.
So.. we're done with 'Toyota slayer' TSLA, yes?
[deleted]
It doesn’t matter in the short-term as their ability to potentially capture market-share in China alone is worth a lot.
XPENG just let me afford to pay my wife's boyfriend the monthly payment he demands from me.
Does this surprise you?
🔥🔥 *Deshi Deshi Basara Basara* 🔥🔥
Pigs get slaughtered
The guy who alled in 30k in Nio back in March is one lucky son of a niche rn
Punch every IWM in the nuts.
praying
https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1326923695739314177?s=20
They said the same thing here because they use the same news wire but, one said the additional one first.
Seems like people finally realized it’s time for rocket companies to go up
Just give it a few hours! You got this!
[deleted]
Yea... don’t know really what the next play is
[deleted]
yes
Try NKLA?
So they're leaving stimulus to congress? Does that mean whatever congress wants will go through or does that mean that all chances of stimulus are over for now?
yes retard
Where?
I'm gonna be so mad if this is a bear trap
Definitely
Hold my BABA 1/21 270c through tm and the weekend?
What do algos dream of 
When the take a little algo snooze
Do they dream of mauling retail 
Or Michael Burry in a cat woman suit
The dip was probably so short it didn’t show in your chart. NIO to the moon!!!
Sure, why not. I'll take "fresh hotties daily" for $1000, Alex.
Yes
Okay Biden
BUFFET pumping his own stocks through buybacks
*if* that expires worthless tomorrow, you pocket the $25.
Oof
Still holding my Dec calls
same bro
This is the way
You don't like money. How cute.
same
So you post a deita one article and use another platforms headline. Got it
Like the CIA, the FBI, Department of Homeland Security?
If SNAP's market cap is already about 62B, why not 100B? What difference does it make?
IV is at 120% how much more was it ? lol
Hopefully his parents (US Senate) will send him to time out and share his toys…
President Xi jinping gonna punish you with a short squeeze nuclear bomb
It will have its time again. I bought some leaps and am selling weeklies until it makes a good move
You pocket the $25 regardless of it expiring worthless or in the money. But yes, that's how it works.
[deleted]
bought into xpev at the top. FUCK THIS SHIT!
idk where in your asshole you're pulling 80 from but clearly you bought at the top
Don’t you dare sell. Strap in and ride that thing to the moon.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/mikeylopez the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I meant buying calls lol
This comment made my day
If you don’t put French fries in your burritos, than you ain’t black.
iTRADE app didn’t make it easy either. Kept crashing when I tried to sell first thing at green. But sells at red no problem lmao

I still bought puts
Might be worth holding into open tomorrow, it broke that 80-81 holding pattern today

(if you have a lot riding on it always take profit like that when it's there)
Son of a bitch,  I’m in!
[deleted]
Just bought some $10 GME 2022 puts.
Bought rkt 25$ 11/13 calls with my last hundy. Hopefully gets a price upgrade to 100$ tomorow premarket
If LI beats ER...RIP
yeah true, it's because it's so hyped up rn. 

As long as they beat expectations i feel like people are going to keep trading on future prospects/speculation. might be the second tesla train. 

there's a study that 70%\~ people lost money from trying to short nio. 

So i'm not going to question it lol, they sell more than just cars btw. 

if anything I'm going into byddf too (backed by buffet).
no
I refuse to buy Chinese shit stocks
Ban
Buy 1000 shares of RKT rn for a day trade??
Time for more calls!
Is there even any shares left to borrow?
Put everything on hertz


Seriously look at etf(exchange traded funds) as well learn some blue chip stocks and how they trade . From there find your risk appetite and sectors of knowledge.
if it expired worthless then u get nothing
Show us your tits !
Paypal cucked me today but I still came out with a profit.
haven't seen that in awhile
Imagine being  Brian Krzanich. Given a 20 year advantage vs all competitors, given a monopoly essentially, but still found a way to ruin one of the greatest companies in US history.
There’s still time to buy. Nio to $57 EOW.
San Francisco
GNUS or PRPL
Gains are gains papi
No stimulus bill under February

bulls, get fucked 😝
SNAP Top is 100.
Ya, I'm over it
[deleted]
Sell. Gains aren’t gains until sold
https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1326924006809808896?s=20
Sell puts for IV crush . 5head
i'd nut
Duh. I belong here...
🙏
Definitely fading into the weekend
5 shares of Nikola
No
1. I have puts 
2. This shitter never stays up
Canada pension alone bought 24m today
#NIO LET ME PAY FOR MY CONDOS DOWNPAYMENT

YEEEEEEEEEE
LIN a possible play on dry ice for vaccine transport?
Prepare to get fucked.
lmaooo my RKT calls already ded but nice
[deleted]
Fuck it is so tough not paperhand all of these EV momentum plays right now.
Check out that CNK rally. My puts hurt.
I may be autistic but you’re downright retarded
Is there a reason you’re adding your own words a t the end
wow i should've gotten on the XPEV
don't' miss out on RKT degenerates.  Up almost 5%.  Will keep going up now that buy backs have been announced.  Get in now
Being 🐻 and seeing SPY blast off with everything going on right now is like watching your 3 y/o child crossing a busy freeway and none of the drivers notice or slow down. Your disappointment of a child survives and does it again 10x a day. Every day forever.
Plug has been crazy since dipping to $14. It’s been handing out bags but it’s gotta end at some point lol
Hedging is for pussies but damn it makes a difference
Why did that bitch run up to 450 like 2 days ago and now its borderline dead.
Why ? Need answers
Bruh when in the SNAP top
Yeah I’m gonna sell in a couple minutes. Just wanna see a little more movement first.
Sold for a gain. eat it, retard.
anyone playing GSAT for the upmcoming FCC decision on frequency split Dec 8?
GSAT April 16 '21 .5c

expecting it to print, and it was cheap so I could grab like 40
Is there anywhere to see past options prices from say last week ?
Aaahhhhh, good info. I have zoomed up and I have zoomed down, with options. I did the math a few days ago and realized that if I had gone all in on TSLA shares when I started a year ago I'd be WAY ahead of where I am now. 
Still trying out different strategies... Learning a lot.
Life is good, either way 😊
[deleted]
Sold a PLTR $20 covered call for 0.25

When that expires worthless tomorrow I pocket the $25?

I'm a retard and don't know what I'm doing
promises made. promises kept.
Source?
all the nio chanting going on last night in here worked! way to go boys
Don't worry about tomorrow.

Worry about 1 or 2 years from now. Palantir will be way higher then.

If you can't be patient, then get rid of your shares now.
bears portfolio location: hell
If he has the balls to veto a stimmy bill I’d be impressed

Go down in flames!
Pathetic. Get your shitty $100, sorry now $67 and your shitty paper hands out of here. Go buy yourself some weed and relax. You’re probably losing sleep for your $100 bet. You probably even woke up at open thinking it’d make a difference. Go fuck yourself
Bumpy in the upwards direction. Shit never goes down!
[deleted]
Wanna poke ZM with a stick
I’ve been watching them long before the ipo.
Figured they were looking to fuck over 16 calls by dropping it. Plus earnings is today at 5pm.
Hold AMD 12/18 $85c? Up 40%
Market typically sells off a bit when jpow talks
Bought a couple BAC puts for the hell of it the other day and they’re the only things %50+.. 

I’m cursed to only doing this
Real talk, what about LI? If China EV going off where are they relative to XPENG and NIO? Hoping for a small dip to get into two of them. Up to 10k for now.
[deleted]
Holy fuck if you don’t have NIO calls this market is boring.  

Source - i don’t have NIO calls
Never
Made $10k on NIO calls, converting to puts now 🤠
That volume on PLTR 👀👀👀
chewy shaking out weak hands
priced in
Better than your election outcome.
330 mar 2021
I love how your weeklies are 5 strikes higher than your monthlies
I bought puts on REV at the bottom and it has literally mooned ever since
Love to see such brilliant investors, not knowing the date on their calls, doubling their money
Wholesome as hell, now send me some NIO money for NIO calls
Who’s buying cruise line stock?!?
Just got in this morning.  So yes.
Limp dick energy
🌈🐻 Prepare for the massive fucking.
Alright its been long since i said this, SNAP PUTS ?
Found him
https://images.app.goo.gl/zbxcbCmZtDKNv9aG7
I write analyses. Maybe if you read
Whoa, are Purple Dads getting in on PLTR too?
This isn’t the first time I’ve heard someone talk about the RSI. It’s gone up a ton since I heard that phrase
die **TTD**
I sold so annoying
[deleted]
Bear trap
Tell it to get its shit together then
Won’t make big moves until Jpow talks treasury bonds
 TRUMP ADMIN SAID TO BE STEPPING BACK FROM STIMULUS NEGOTIATIONS 

Donny said FUCK YOU if you don't like me enough to reelect you get NOTHING
[deleted]
Like a true retard
Tilting towards a red day for all 3 indexes. Nasdaq is now up only +14
[deleted]
Li $30c 11/20 a safebet?
I've been on the NIO options wave since $22. This shit is getting bumpy lmao
Does it make sense to cash out my earnings in NIO today and reinvest into XPEV bc IV crush already happened?

🤑🤑🤑
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/itsyoboymatt the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
100.
Lol, remember in March when people were calling PLUG a penny stock?  🔌 🔌 🔌 🔌
hydrogen is dumb and it sucks and I hate it
Next time
Idk about THAT I’m bullish on it but damn
I’m blind, I get the dog to do it for me.
You will lose money. Is that a good reason?
>BofA UPGRADE NIO TO $53

link? cant find
Bro BABA needs some of that ev juice
Well this is boring. SPY you awake? Hello? Anyone home?
Watch, NIO is going to bounce off 50 during power hour, end at 48. Whether it takes off or tanks in AH, just inverse that tomorrow in PM.
I dont want to live in a world where Tesla fading while a Chinese fake mooning
[removed]
spy will close at 345 tomorrow screen shot this
[deleted]
Congrats and fuck you
I did and I'm happy
I sold at the high today
Tesla is that whore nobody wants....smh
This man is a genius!
Right 
YOLO on LI and BLINK?
my NIO calls are doing great, love his stock
Thank you.
SPY 350 eod
"1 analyst offering" either that 1 analyst is one of us or a cat lady
Once PTON hits 105 it’s a buy. Lockdowns coming soon, plus holiday shopping
RKT finally taking off a bit!  Maybe ready to actually launch?!
Nio coming out with vehicle priced under 30k to compete w middle class market by January, do ur research homie g
Thank you.
got some to play earnings later on but these are my weeklies that i shouldve sold earlier lol
U crazy
I picked up 2 11/13 RKT calls for $37 this morning and theyre up over 100%😎 i can afford dinner tonight
Honestly lol to xpev.

In a few days we'll be able to get short interest numbers
DRILL TEAM GO GO GO GO
There’s still time to beat her returns. Buy the tiny NIO dip right now!
Is anyone else bearish on SHOP now after FB destroyed earnings? Seems to me that they could compete with them via FB Shops pretty easily and already are
Anyone think NIO is going to do a shares offering soon?
Should i hold XPEv 45C 11/20? bought and went Down $50 on it rn 🤦🏾
spy gone flat and NIO looks tapped out at 8.5%. guess ill just wait till EOD
They’re about to moon tomorrow mark my words
you guys are sleeping on RKT
Responsible investing has no place in this sub.
LOL!!!!!!! So true
Sell some. There’s too much hype today. And the market in general is too optimistic today. Leave some in the basket. If it drops, you can use the capital from your sale to scoop up more
do you know what happened to him? hope hes ok
Get your LI and BJs earnings tickets to tendie town now unless you hate money
LI 30c 11/20
LI 35c 12/18
BJ 40c 11/20
BJ 45c 11/20
Shorting NIO here, y’all are way too bullish and RSI on daily at 80 lol
TSLA wtf is wrong with you
What strike and expiry?
Why is 🥭 trying to fuck us again? Tired of this.
r/smallstreetbets sir, you need to relocate.
1/10 of a credit hour at community college
[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326923816925335553?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1326923816925335553?s=20)

>TRUMP ADMIN SAID TO BE STEPPING BACK FROM STIMULUS NEGOTIATIONS  
>  
>WHITE HOUSE SAID TO LEAVE STIMULUS TO CONGRESS AFTER MONTHS OF IMPASSE
Fuckin knew I should have held RKT 1 more day..
March RKT calls is free money.
My first 2 trades of the day are usually bangers and then I try to milk it and lose some of the gains I made. I must stop at 2!
He’s in all Kodak
IV storm fk
Idk if this is the wrong sub but do you guys look at the toilet paper after you wipe?
How did you know? That shit went up 20% premarket. Are you some sort of wizard?
PTON is like nah imm dump
[deleted]
Buying one 11/13 ZM $400 P lotto.
Next week
That’s how you lose everything! Sometimes better to reposition sometimes when the charts are indicating to a move in a direction and you’re holding the opposite play
Everyone fearing NIO dip, calls it is
their business model is tricky because a lot of their revenue comes from a small number of high paying customers, which is generally unnerving.
Hold UAL 11/13 puts? Or sell? I’m up 126% on one & down 44% on another
Now we’re pod racing.
The volume has been seriously anemic the last few trading sessions 😒😒😒
How is SPY climbing to green with absolutely no volume buying... makes no damn sense... welcome to 2020
Stimulus cancelled.. donnie going to see psychiatrist
How much farther will baba drop?
I bet you bought today 🤡😂
Planning for plays tomorrow and beyond.
What to buy if I am expecting some form of movement control imposed by states soon? Either that or some mandatory safety stuff that can play on the news and drive some market feedback?
Let me tell you. I sold all NIO STONKS yesterday! 🤡
They really aren’t.  I don’t think you understand how complicated modern Diesel engines actually are.  Electric motors are as simple as it gets.  Turbos are more complicated.... Did you know that modern trucks have around 100 million lines of code to allow all their systems to talk to each other.  I’m sure a few more million lines is not going to hurt.
This place looks like a Chinese bot farm 19/20 NIO posts
This sub has a good track record of what happens when everyone jumps on the same stock 😃🛬💥
1 analyst
Why do you hate money?
Headlights and side grills are the same shape

Same shape just different sizes
YESSS RKT
Die NIO you rebel scum!!!!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
BABA gonna sit between 265-270 until my calls expire mid-December.
[deleted]
TTWO 🚀🚀🚀 take me to tendie town
LI gonna go up tomorrow after earnings??
57 eow is what the charts are telling me.
Yupp, $26 and baby buys on the dips
RKT finally broke through 22$
[removed]
According to my crayons and crystal ball, SPY is either smashing through the upper trend at 362 before close Friday, or it's free fall back to ~320 next week.
Yeaaa for sure... Run 420 Flat till die
Wtf rkt lol
looking like it rn :)
[deleted]
Fucking hope so
How's sniffing your own farts going?
Hey bruh you can only go down 100% but you can gain infinity %.. keep yoloing
WILL PLTR MOON STAY TUNED
Both? Both is good.
ACB puts whos in??
[deleted]
Now a good time to get in on BABA or no?
Why has this daily discussion thread devolved into

&#x200B;

NiO oNtO tHe MoOn iT iS!!!11

or

nIo PuTs It Is!!!11

&#x200B;

as if the world would only consist of this chinese dumbfuck
[deleted]
NIO will be at $60 very very shortly.  Like end of day tomorrow.
What does PLTRs do? Sell peanuts
The people who are being evicted have crappy jobs anyways... pton and housing still mooning during pandemic
i will not touch rkt i will not touch rkt
If RKT hits 26 by eow I’m rich.
13 bagger on NIO 11/13 42 calls bought last week and all I have to say is you guys are retarded for bidding NIO up this high.
My baba leaps down 50% fuck come on baby just go up
BABA IS 😴😴😴WAKE THE FUCK UP
U what
I’ll just be honest I never used to study or look at charts and I’ve blown up my account and blown it also so I’m tryna overall better my mind and skill when it comes to charts and stocks.

These are new words for me I’ve heard of MACD just never traded it
Sell all
Yeah, a run DOWN
XPEV is targetted to the middle class, NIO is priced for the luxury vehicle market.

Guess which one is gonna break out in China in the next few years?
thoughts on MPLN puts?
if your calls are short term you might be fucked, if Dec exp you are going to be fine
AMD holding up 💪
Depends on how much ihmo
Hey man don’t forget about Li
I bought Dec. 60s but it’ll probably pull back a bit first
Yeah everyone watching all those amazing british shows and listening to all that amazing british rap!!!
I’m holding...
Sell lol
you doomed us all!
always next week
#BofA UPGRADE NIO TO $53

Just in

Reuters
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
I have never done a weekly, but I might just fucking buy some for NIO on tuesday
Fuck I’m sorry I take it back
Bill Ackman just bought puts. Uh oh
Sell asap...due for a drop soon
The good news is the JD plant didn't even have to change the recipe.
CIRCUIT BREAKER
Some feller here said he copped Amazon 3150 put debit spreads 11/13, show yourself
Wow I can’t even win as a bear....fuck plug
[removed]
Xpeng reported pre market hours, looks like nio gonna rocket to new ath next tuesday, 
BEARS R FUKD
Life really has to be tough for people who think the election was rigged and covid doesn’t exist.
Sell half and then play with house money.
what do i do with my 16C/17C 11/13 PLTR  lmao
[deleted]
You can't fool me.  They're raising the $60MM to pay the bankrupcy lawyers.
I need a real time on JPow please and thank you
Same. Last few days were stressful with some wild swings but I'm up 140% this month lmao. I'm good with that. Gonna pay some bills and buy weed.
Yea
Docu 230 too!
Two days with low volume. Something is gonna happen next week
You're definitely FOMOing.
positions or ban
BREAKING NEWS:

China goverment stopped buying EV shares 20 minutes ago.
watch it jump like 10% on a random day.
In Shanghai. No way they look like Audi lmao.
Tendies are tendies brotha.
price prediction for nio eow eom eoy? personally i think 52 eow 75eom 180 eoy
Calls?
Congrats broooo lmao! Still worth it to buy calls right now?
Yeah, it's either going sub 352 or to the moon, but I just don't see the upside (   I've lost 7k this year not seeing the upside...so, yeah )
Anyone else think TSLA due for a run?
Priced in
Baba waking up?
r/antstreetbets
Welcome to the motherfucking gains baby!!
Anyone considering TSLA?
should rename this sub to NIO dick slappers
Just sold a KODK 11/13 $6.5cc for $50 for shigs
My wife’s 300$ portfolio made more money than my 25k portfolio . She had NIO shares, I have tesla calls.
[removed]
PLTR will make you scream gRRRR
Buy every nio dip if you wanna make easy money
Not sure.  Every buyer has a seller.
If it does, puts
[deleted]
RVLV rebounding well. Maybe run next week after MM's kill options this week?
[deleted]
What exactly do you look for or at?
HCACW all the way. These warrants are cheaper than any leap calls.
People are sleeping on plug 😴
It’s a trap!
This is what I needed to hear. Going all in on puts now.
Earnings after hours today
#I GOT RICH
nooooo
haha best laugh I had all morning
Well...I bought this morning and it's up up up. If I could sell, I would. I'm in a day trading account and I fel under 25k Tuesday. I'm up over it again today but opened the day under, so I can only exit contracts from before today. 
Scary, but I'll live. I hope it goes to 100. If I could sell now, I would. You can always get back in...
Good luck!
im already balls deep in this bitch. +4.30% looking good
Yea theres def gonna be profit taking regardless of their results. I am gonna load up on equities once it dips
Where NIO is like going to the cash out line. Guaranteed to get some cash!
AWAKEN AWAKEN AWAKEN AWAKEN
 
BUY THE CALLS THAT MUST BE TAKEN

AWAKEN AWAKEN AWAKEN AWAKEN 

DEVOUR BEARS, PUTS FORSAKEN
There's dicks, assholes, and pussys... lol
That's what I was thinking too
RKT 26 EOW
Yea but you just bought ten shares just in case didn’t you
Who cares
CHWY, down today, down this week, COVID/long-term hype play, online retail play, Becky play

It's my golden goose, I'm long on this thing
[deleted]
[deleted]
It already pumped pretty hard off that China selloff, but they have headwinds in the form of turmoil in Chinese politics right now.

JD is a really good stock, singles day was the rip and there will be another dip I am pretty sure. Sell the rip and buy the dip
Congrats
[deleted]
$zto
Puts on BLNK?
It's wild to think that they can be putting up these kind of numbers, and the Chinese government has so much power that people still think it'd be a bad idea to buy rn. Putting up massive numbers like this and not even a minor gain? The power of the people's republic.
XPEV going to overtake NIO???
I would say after earnings but looking at XPEV today, I’m not even sure it’s going to dip then either
Go RKT you little fucker 🚀🚀
Alright fine I'll buy stupid NIO
I get the same results too. 

Either they know something incredibly amazing for that stock, or someone made a typo. I'm going with a typo.
Damn RKT
Cut my losses on BABA and going into XPEV. Am I an idiot????
Rkt but I kinda missed it
Where did you find their previous earnings? This is their first since IPO
Thoughts on INMD? Nice earnings report this morning. Thinking 50c 2/19
What he do?
BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY!!!
I live in Kentucky. The local distilleries started making hand sanitizer and giving it away for free so they could claim they are an “essential” business and stay open during covid.

I agree with this DD
Buy this dick homie
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/zupooli the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You fucking play league asshole. What region?
Zm 505 eow? Or am I dreaming?
If you aren't buying long calls on FSR you don't like money.
PTON going back to reality.
bought the nio dip
The price action is clearly pointing to $50
I hope it reverses
(read says move <1% in either direction. probably stupid shit.)
Nobody’s got aids! And I don’t wanna hear that word in here again!
you downvoting me doesn't change the fact that it is a knockoff. they just took teslas model and shit out the same shiny stuff.

you probably hold baba without knowing its a shell company in the caymans with no rights to the company at all.

[https://investorplace.com/2017/01/4-reasons-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-no-go/](https://investorplace.com/2017/01/4-reasons-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-no-go/)

[https://www.barrons.com/articles/beware-the-pitfalls-of-the-offshore-chinese-shells-1514600415](https://www.barrons.com/articles/beware-the-pitfalls-of-the-offshore-chinese-shells-1514600415)
RKT about to hit $22
No, take half profits, gamble half
You wish bitch
[deleted]
[deleted]
Zoom moon tm too
I own 11/27 and 12/something ... I mean x2 is good enough for my poor ass,,, x4 does sound juicy though
OH YEAAAA BABY!!!!!!!
must be RKT bagholders,,,,
Even a single comma or period would make that much easier to read
LI earnings are tomorrow. I think it probably dips on Monday.
Screenshot or ban
Who tf sells nio
Sir, this is a chinese EV casino
Selling before earnings has never done me wrong.
Lol premarket to open is ridiculous. Over 271 back to 266 in an instant
👌🏻
Nice! 🤑🤑🤑
My bar flooded but I still have to work coz of to gos. I just wanna go back to sleep.
PTON and ZM about to crash. This is the way
The real nio dip
Wish you tendies man, I’m 21 I hope we both make it big but I think 100k expectation is a little high. Market never turns out the way you want it, just do your due diligence, have confidence in yourself and hopefully we will moon. Not trying to peg you down but I think having too high of expectations can cloud judgment calls sometimes and create cognitive dissonance such as confirmation bias. Goodluck.
Maybe. But this virus looks to be getting worse not better
any sleeper stock with chances of popping?
It's a typo made by a cat laying on a keyboard. Duh.
Seemann, reise
[deleted]
the goat 🥰
jesus....i remember playing NIO back in the teens. no wonder i belong here.
Sold everything. I feel gay now.
BA tryna mooooon fellas
Learn to interpret bollinger bands and MACD
I hope everyone buys this dip
Holiday bump! If there's a second lockdown, OSTK will crush. Sell once spring comes around
Dont try to learn, just buy
Build support, bears are fuk
#NIO UP
Go to a Wendy's and buy a Baconator
lol look at RKT trying to flex its little wiener. pathetic
I am confuse where to put calls today
Damn i’m so hype right now. Okok compose myself logically: would you 

BUY NIO 
OR SELL NIO
PLTR = MONEY
Trying to time the exact bottom or top is always difficult and more often you will die.

So be happy taking profits, wait for a dip and take a small position if you wat to keep exposure
unfuck yourself BABA

Edit: not that way.
Agree. Just loaded up on $150 1/15 calls.
Another low volume day, MMs will look to take out any and all bets. Setting it up for the next big move...
even if it does drop,the run up is gonna be amazing
lol NIO aint done. Still over 4 1/2 hours in the session left. Buy the dip
Prepare to get fucked.
personal guarantee
NIO is such a good boy
Lmao F you RKT
Nooooooooo stop
How many shares you got?
Do you know that PLTR lost 500 Million US$ for the past 2 years?[https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/pltr/financials?mod=mw\_quote\_tab](https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/pltr/financials?mod=mw_quote_tab)

What makes you optimistic about tomorrow's earnings?
Half puts/half calls and get rekt by theta tech?
[deleted]
My $41c are PRINTINGGGG
Do I hold my 46c for 11/20 till next week???? Ik I should sell before earnings
Lol it was me gang. I bought my first ever nio lottery tickets one second before that slide. Was mad about gme and sdc and jmia not going farther. Sorry about your golden goose.
God damn. Cramer actually did it. RKT Gang 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I sold already so count me
Is this not printing cause Millenials don t take insurance?
Fuck you. Nio to 57 by Friday.
We're in one right now. Started a couple weeks ago. Maybe when news of SAFE Act passing or decriminalization, or legalization federally we get another run.
so how far does nio dip on profit taking and people cashing out tomorrow.
I’m not buying anything in NIO after ER. I’ll probably sell puts on it deep OTM
[removed]
Algos
robinhood volume 129-134m exact same time as downspike
This is very bad. Some localities going into lockdown but loan forgiveness ending. Media still on with their covid hysteria. Don't think beckys are going to be spending on Peloton bikes when they facing eviction.
I’ve been in since early October and when I saw it start exploding here it was not reassuring. It’s all shares or 100+ DTE so I’m hanging on but... yeah I’m ready for it to retire from memehood.
Gonna try to buy the AMZN dip :/
After how many splits or reverse splits though? 👻
Yea but at this point probably not going to recover until ppl know exactly how serious China is abt it

I have calls so hope that happens within 2 weeks
i feel it’s gonna drop after earnings getting more shares then
Calls purchased at open are up 117%
[deleted]
[deleted]
Is it too late to come out of the Chinese closet?
U looking for a run? FPRX
Wondering the same thing 😅
Why shouldn't I short GME?
Before close, PLTR 12$ 11/13P all-in.
UPS/fdx  leaps for christmas ?
What the fucj
PTON Puts. Leggo boys
this balleyhoo....
Holy shit if we drill today I’ll post my nudes for all the other 🌈🐻

Make it happen boys
🌈🐻
3/21 $55 $KB calls anyone?
Why
I endorse this.
Mayday mayday NIO out of fuel shshshh we have a alot of retards on board shhhh
Buy as many BA 175 11/13 that you can
[deleted]
When exactly?
Just happened. You’re late
💪
What time
Puts at 356.3 was the move. Rejected multiple times
Love that PLUG !! Just bought more
I know it goes against the general sentiment of this sub but "selling & rebuying the dip" is more likely to lose you money than not in my experience. If you believe it will keep going up for the next weeks/months/years I would not sell right now.
fuckin doooo it, dump it AMZN!
How can you be that bad at trading 😂
NIO puts it is. See you all on the unemployment line.
I look at charts for everything. Easy money
[deleted]
Don’t be so sure
Went all in on BABA December calls and now I deeply regret it
Nothing quite the feeling of taking profits and it dropping after your sale executes. Nio :)
proof or ban
*NIO pulls back .5%*

This sub: WTF NIO WHY U DROPPING STOP SELLING
Same thoughts I’m a little anxious but we’ll see, let me know what you do
Is RKT finally going to move??!!
I was up big in august and let greed steal my winnings
I did. Shit never goes down, only up.
I'm so fed up with this tomfuckery.....
Nah, moon till 500
some say telsa is already on the moon :(
Where is that damn nio dip
NIO is not dead yet!

REISE REISE
Please don’t post about plug 😫 it’s doing so good
Fsr?
This. I fucked up bad in March and lost $40k, was about to yolo the rest of my checking account when I backed out. Stayed out for four months before returning. Do NOT go into stocks expecting to double, triple, quad your $100. You WILL lose.
[deleted]
You mean after dumping $40 a share?
This.  VIX creeping.  Not a good look.
Someone tell me how the half and half strategy isn’t the best of all time. Working like a charm right now
so you are well positioned, put everything you have in immediately
Stock sale raised $60-70M. Quarterly operating expenses are $427M. You should buy shares.
god damn 🤣
[deleted]
Haha I didn’t buy it, my total account is literally $300 lmaoooo
Remind me in 1 year!
Just got out of nio and xpeng for a 2k profit in less then r hours.  Small ik but all in a days work. I hope I don't regret this tomarrow
Just a reminder that JPOW speaking today
BUY THE NIO DIPPING THATS WHAT I THINK IT IS
U getting destroyed
NIO iv cranking HARD 100+ on deck eoy
My wife's bf always makes his money the first hour. He closes out and then bangs my wife while I stare at my screen and lose all the money he gave me :(
When to buy spy puts
Can't you figure out how to launder the money?
Yes. Sell them rebuy
Tesla moves slower than SPY. Tesla IV in all options should be 10%. Fking  autist snail.
NIO 55 EOD
I wonder does anyone here look at charts or anything when buying $SPY calls or puts? Lol
Yo guys how do we feel about jd? Can someone help me make sense of this? https://imgur.com/gallery/XnzUP2k
Where the insider traders at, u anon help your brothers out.
Relax it's consolidating at a higher low to yesterday going into earnings. Shit was overextended.
just bought a 12/18 25c
NIO dips today and starts its mission to Mars starting tomorrow and into next week. earnings is gonna be amazing
Wait till after earnings maybe. What’s the next play?
Yo wanna play league? What region?
people can yall buy pet stuff today? like treats n toys


Needd CHWY at 65 lol
Sad boys guess ima take an L on it before close
is it time to spam RKT emotes yet?
I bought dec18 77.5c yesterday and up 20% i spend too much money on atvi/ blizzard games to lose
Cunnilingus and Psychiatry Brought us to this
im out here holding shares, selling puts/calls to open hoping it goes down and give me more shares for the low
Good luck finding one.
Got out of my January calls at $47. Was up over 400% from when I bought them. May buy 11/20 $50 if there's a drop below $46 today. Still think the train has some pre-ER steam
Baba 290 11/20
He's gonna need more money or he's getting shit cocaine
If being balls deep in RKT,PLTR,SPCE and ZM makes me gay then yes, most like undiagnosed gay for 4 decades now
Looks like drill team six might be waking up and having morning coffee
Greed. Greed never changes.
FSR
Time for calls
your just showin off don't you ?
I moved my 401K to cash holding yesterday. SPY 400 inbound.
🌈🐻
LOL. You belong here.
buy the dip NIO!
If you invested in Nikola yesterday you'd already be down 10% 😎😎😎
Which I had balls and didn’t sell for a $100 loss
Solid DD
Puts or calls
cool. thanks. i would've never knew how to look up a stock price without this
What are the chances, ALL of you will profit from PLTR calls?
PLTR 15c 11/13 hold for earnings or sell
Idk man. The real winners have been in since Tuesday
I am waiting for a big profit take on either of them and going in.

I bought some JD yesterday and already sold tho, taking profits while they are still around right now.
The paper hands. Also: normal dip for this hour.
Name checks out 😂😂
OP is a fucking liar lmao, dudes RH prob just bugged.
just made 100% on my FDX call from monday <3333 

only slightly makes up for losing 90% on ZM
Hold Netflix for the next decade with me brother! Netflix is I’ll be $4500 in 10 years
Goodbye nio
Damn We’re rotating out of CoVID stocks again. I knew that guy with the picture of the PTON truck fucked it up
Nio goes from +8.5% to +8.2% to give bears false hope
Will weed have another run anytime soon?
yes
well.. all in on crsr
Spy free fall plz, I'm just a 🌈🐻 who's fully leveraged today
Spy completing Batman formation?
PDT most likely
🍉
News just said the hospitals in my town are over capacity. Totally overrun with paper hands patients.
GET IN SNAP RIGHT NOW
I haven’t heard anyone talking about it. Probably not /s
Buy puts.
The year is 2030: Tesla still trading around $420
“Time in the market beats timing the market.” Said the virgin ETF index fund investor
It is sort of amazing. I selfishly want it to slow down so I can get back in but it seems to have other plans.
stop selling nio you sucks
What price would even trigger the short squeeze?
I REPEAT BUY BUY BUY FPRX
FlowAlgo
Baba
Shut the fuck up
Immunity through vaccination.
It’s a meme the only thing moving it is hype. The best way to play it is put in an amount your comfortable losing then everyday pull profits and reroll the initial investment until it finally dumps to the floor. Basically no real loss opportunity that way while still making gains. I have no real faith in the company but I play all meme stocks this way including NIO and never lose
Pull a u/analfarmer2 and go YOLO 0DTE spy puts
Good to see my pension money going to good use. My 33% in income tax however...
NIO profit taking starting
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/4fgmn4 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nio out here crushing Bear Dreams.. "do you even look at charts, bro?" is what I got from a bear yesterday lmao suck it
Nio has been peaking at 10-11 and then again at 2-3, so no panic about not selling in the AM.
went for Nio 50p to try and stem that. But as I said, not a smart man.
PLTR please take my energy
The entire American capitalist system is a ponzi scheme, which is run by the 1%, and the reason “conservatives” are anti abortion.  They don’t give a single fuck about the lives of the babies or religion.  They need an ever increasing feeder pool of helpless new contributors to the scheme, and the dumber the better, which is why modern conservatism has also systematically destroyed our education system.
Did they buy or sell?
Going to keep averaging down on January baba calls until I’m out of money
NIO is going to close up 10%
[deleted]
whos fucking w my nio :((((
[deleted]
Sell 49.69 😈🤪
howd u see this?
[removed]
Thank you RKT.  100% gains
and someone just bought that much

coincidence? I THINK NOT
Lmaooooo. This was the perfect cherry on top 😂
[removed]
Tomorrow
on options profit calculator my main hope would be a gap up to near $500 today, or closing above that on friday Lol
Double ouch

Look at xpevs deliveries tho + they crushed estimates. Gonna keep a close watch on LI reports tomorrow. If they beat, NIO will fly next week

Or they could crash due to all the euphoria. Either way im long NIO
God bless the mods
NIO only goes up! BUY BUY BUY BUY!!!! To the moon!
BUY THE DIP!! NIO
You’re funny
ok but i dont remember what we were talking about....
sold early this morning, made $100, now slightly pissed i didnt hold an extra hour it's at 47 now. 

overall, happy because my portfolio is up 10%. Nio is insaneeee
Options, then withdraw enough for a PS5 and keep the rest on options
Options then 2 PS5s
Famous Batman formation on SPY, evildoers beware
Glory days.
BABA hurting me this whole week. I'm weak and feeble now.
Hm that’s an odd buy that far dated, wonder if it’s a hedge
Buy NIO.
Worth getting back in?
Can’t find link for Powell speech? & 
Why is vxx climbing??
# Secure a future for your children 

# BUY DFEN 🚀🚀🚀
Yes man
Yall are missing out on PACB
Good, but then you didn't make anything yet. Let's go to 1000 though haha!
I think he did release public financials some years ago for the second Scion. The first was what he is known for though. The second I think only has about 200 AUM.
jfc i nut and RKT still keeps suckin
[deleted]
Over 200% roll it to Jan if you’re confident but take some gains
If I were to guess this is a long term portfolio and you posted this here just to feel good abt yourself. Congrats though!
<response>oui</response>
Fuck you retard! NIO is where the gains are. Shit never goes down. BUY BUY BUY
Same. Sold half my calls at the top
so how is it doing?
Nice!
There's fat asian chicks??
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/joey_heppard the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That’s it, next red day I’m going all in on NIO or XPEV leaps. Made the mistake of not doing it this morning but I will not miss the next opportunity 😤
Diamond hands!
What do you all expect from LI earnings? I don't know anything about the company
3
Earnings date?
It's pretty much 50/50
Options and buy 3 ps5’s
[removed]
No
Sell and take the tendies
All of us are literally screaming NIO moon
someone just sold like 5m NIO shared
looks like a double top on SPY 5 min chart, also holding puts but ready to sell if we break any higher
This man got yelled at for bringing a sword to a park.  All in.
12/18 42c 46c And 12/11 50c
yeah, I sold a little too soon
Gaming is growing at a huge rate. Covid sped that up, it will lose some after we reopen, but a lot of the new customers are going to be hooked.  Gaming as an industry is honestly just getting started.  By the time I die, esports numbers will put football/soccer to shame.  They've already surpassed baseball/basketball.

The other important note, is that consoles just dropped for the first time in like 9 yearsish?  CRSR is going to make a killing on that.
Ps4 game
Up or down?
Fuck you retard! NIO is going to 57 by Friday.
BABA is a bigger disappointment than my firstborn child
"2 sense"

Fool.
Idk for sure on earnings beat, but I could see some more news regarding covid tracing that could be bullish
[removed]
Should have gotten out at +20% for the day
My calls are good till February, Im diamond handing these things until then, no trading.
Netflix at $500 later?
Fuck man paper handed my PayPal puts. Oh well, 40% profit in half an hour.
NIO WHY U DROPPING
People still don't realize there is no end game for the Fed. QE was meant to be a temporary emergency measure. That was 12 years ago. The Fed can never unload their balance sheet or raise rates. Gold and silver prices never should have fallen from their 2011 highs. All commodities are going to moon in the next few years. We're going to see 1970s inflation. Honestly think the reason why people don't see it is because it's so obvious, people are going to look back at this like the 2008 crisis and wonder how they could have been so blind.
BYND going to be the official food of the SpaceX Mars mission 🚀
They fucked up a big time with some horrible business decisions. They reduced their inventory when Covid first hit.. Used cars sales soared in the spring and summer and they missed out. Used cars have now become more expensive and difficult to get. They had great potential, but seriously made a terrible call on that.
Thanks for the thoughtful reply!
[deleted]
hold on til they expire, dont do anything fk
EV is just new tech
Satirical Autist Test (SAT) Question:

Is PDD to AMZN as NIO is to TSLA?
You don't care, but the rules do
tommy 2 hands pumping at a double pace
Xpev seems to be running out of steam.
XPEV is a beast
yolo on long FSR calls
It looks like there’s a short squeeze incoming on QQQ. Sell my PLTR shares and buy calls on QQQ? Which ones to buy?
Proof of being a former derivatives trader or ban
Just did.
eh tru that but shet like that gets forgotten pretty quickly until it comes up again 

just look at all the amzn, aapl and fb haters in congress 

"monopoly monopoly" and they still go up

couple bribes in china and jack ma gets off
Next week
What leaps to get. Apart from NIO
The CEO said there supposed to be really good. 

But I don't think so might play some puts
NIO done?????
Why
PS5, your FDs will only give you 2 days of entertainment
And quietly PLUG continues to crush
5min ago
Canadian citizens owning American spy tech.  Sick.
I'm with you! All yesterday was trying to get people into PDD earnings.
Ain’t breaking 50 plan accordingly
I bought 1 $45 FD put on NIO

Bring it down baby
BYND is the play. You are crazy if you don't think stock will reach 150 in a matter of weeks
Going to split the republican voters
I wanna cock slap anybody who says buy the NIO dip.  10 cents isn't a dip.
I checked, you will lose profits to IV crush and that’s not accounting for if NIO moves against you. Could be negative fast
Make tech great again
I’m in 700$ at open fucked 400 down already. How confident are you feeling or total gamble like me
Wtf, how much do Wendy's employees get paid?
That’s a V-Shaped recovery if I’ve ever seen one
Paid research
Everyone and there family is waiting for a dip in this stock to get a piece of the pie rinse and repeat thank yourself in a couple of weeks
Nio. Tsla.
[removed]
You’ve been shilled
Nooo it will go up until earnings
Ez hold we’re going to 50
bois... really $50? that's a lot higher than what its trading right now at.
Have you sold yet for today? Seems like today's one of the days where it doesn't follow it's usual flow lol
Friendship ended with tech

Now EV is my best friend
Wendies 4for4 for the whole gang
EOD
Calls on cocaine
You wouldn't use "Neither" then. That's a double-negative.

E: Oh shit, what? IT IS CORRECT?

Well, you win this round.
One share of NIO, worth 1k+ eoy growth is always exponential
yes
So I know China EV stonks are all the rage, but TSLA has been consolidating quietly...
Take XPEV profits now?
Amateur professional psychiatrist here.  You gay
When is the rug pull for second lockdowns?
Took my 45s for 20, held my 50s for 27
Only if it doesn’t keep mooning from now until right before earnings
Just delete the app it makes the loses go away.
probably flat, but depends on what Nasdaq does
Idk if I'd call it hype. EVs and clean energy are the future.
link please
BABA 300 EOY
Go apple 🍎 go
We buying PLTR today?
I bought a SPY put. Bulls you are welcome.
Ps5
Everyone talking about NIO, ignoring XPEV..
[Me diamond handsing my 12/18 55c, 12/24 56c, and 2/19 60c. ](https://i1.wp.com/media.globalnews.ca/videostatic/297/599/successkid_thumb.jpg?w=1040&quality=70&strip=all)

Edit: Changed my beta. Closed the 12/18, 12/24 at 46.9. Planning to buy back in if/when it dips.
You should’ve at 47
Betting your rent money flipping meme stonks after a huge bull run? This is the way.
Pls
Fuck IWM. Fills those gaps below you bloated piggy
Still has legs for today but collect soon and move on to the next fotm EV
No you're good. It has plenty of room to still run. Just be patient
Pltr since ipo, has held steady, with a couple ups which also held suspiciously steady. 
Uncle Thiel knows very well how to move his stock. 
  
The only problem is, their historical earnings always massively negative.
Bitch made
Wow. 35 ... what did ... ahhh never mind I don’t want to know.
Nio any calls
Update: I sold, I’m gonna buy more.
I think I will do this because I’m panicking about loosing the gains but then I’ll hate you forever if it never drops down
If you are playing XPEV, tread with caution:  
  
https://mobile.twitter.com/CheddarFlow/status/1326919859482062849  
  
#$XPEV Oct2021 40 puts opened for $1.3M in premium
They didn't go up continuously for half a year though

NIO went up 80% since 26th October.
Not only do I give you my upvote, but you made me LOL for real.
I have $60 to spend. Any recommendations?
upvote this comment to doubt
He would lose almost all of time value in the option and probably lose another substantial amount to IV crush if he held till the middle of next week
This is the big fake out before we break out. START BUYING SHIT. THIS IS A BULL MARKET 😤 💪
should i blow my money on options or the new ps5
Probably just gonna go cash gang for the rest of the week after that NIO rip. Happy I held through those two bad days.
That’s my kinda guy
[deleted]
Dip gets bought so quick
[removed]
I’d say you should sell
[deleted]
Nope
I bought spy $350 puts for 11/18, it’s looks like it’s trending upwards for the day should I sell out and reposition? 

What are you guys doing overall with this market?
[deleted]
Balls deep buddy.  5k
uh oh.  was the the top?
this post did not age well.
a year later you wont regret it
You’re disgusting
[https://i.ibb.co/4gzSqZ2/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/4gzSqZ2/image.png)

QUAL (MSCI USA Quality Factor ETF)

SPYG (SPDR Portfolio S&P 500 Growth ETF)

DVY (iShares Select Dividend ETF)

MTUM (iShares MSCI USA Momentum Factor ETF)

Large dark pool prints just in all at once.  Someone moved $500m in US large cap ETFs.  Same time seems like the same person.  

Usually, these all printing at once is a precursor to a significant move (9/22, 8/24, 8/11, 6/8, 5/27, 4/30, 4/9, 3/2,  2/28, 2/19)
Jeffrey Dahmer. Cannibalism.
Buy high sell low
The oppositing of the logic doesn't work, here.  They are trying to raise cash to keep themselves on life support.
China going to bankrupt retard america buying EV stonks
I had it at 11:45 too
spy 350 when
Alright boys....I made a few bucks on SNAP calls so I'm back into it...whats the new autist play? I've been gone for the last couple of months
yea
Spy just sitting at 356 until the end of time
mango making his move for their market share
[deleted]
Jerome's going to say we are going to turn the (digital) printers back on.
Bernstein's Zach Chrane with a new price target of $611 for ZM. In today's autistic tech circle jerk, this shit should shoot past that to $700-800 like Tesla, AAPL, etc. did with all their "expert" price targets right?
TQQQ 150 eow
F
BABA has been hilariously flat since Tuesday
Can someone with a psy degree please explain why I refuse to buy NIO but want it go up everyday?
I have no other problems that I am aware of
Tempted to sell for 100% profit but I am also tempted to see how high it gets today.
This count seems high.
Fr, everyone is preoccupied with NIO and PLTR so we’re slipping under the radar.
WTF PLTR
Not as perverted as I thought it would be
same. im FOMOing hard rn
I'm legit curious, is the stock market a zero sum gain legal MLM pyramid scheme casino?

You are using new investors to fund previous investors, in return for dividends lower than your book ratio. For every buyer and seller, the price is there. Only thing pumping in is stimulus, dividends and maybe goodwill
you wont regret it a year later
With 5 shares just sell and look for another entry. They aren't a hot stock right now
Too late to get in on Li Auto?
This is actually the funniest thing I’ve seen on WSB in a while lol
Because I didn’t play XPEV lol
Shhhhh don’t turn it into a meme stock
Anyone else thinking QQQJ 6-month calls are a good lotto ticket gamble? 

Super cheap, but the spread on options sucks
that’s what i’m wondering
IV too high, you gonna get crushed
UgerVon
Cunnilingus
Ok i just picked up some calls expiring in Feb. Hope you’re right about earnings 🤞🏽
i took a put on NIO

just to show 1ronyman i was cool

and when they expire, they'll be worth 0 dollars

but fuck it, it was something to do
so is Nio eating Tesla’s marketshare or is it growing for everyone?
Nah it’s prob an actual million no joke
already got me some of them hoes
20!
Its been known for like 2 days, the market wouldve reacted by now but its more concerned with regulation than the sales
so pissed I sold my leaps too early when Nio went down, lost $500. not listening to anyone anymore. :)
Sold NIO at the literal top. Hope there's a solid drop to buy back in
345
[deleted]
12/18 40c and 50c here baby. Feels good. I've got another month worth of holding on these.
I am trying to buy my first house.
Hardpass
print
I bought 11/13 calls at $1.10. 🧻 🙌 it and sold at 1.30. It’s at $5 today. FML
Yep.
Anyone gonna play PLTR earnings ?
At 50. Don t forget, the goal of this game is to get cash at the end.
Should I take my NIO profits?
Spy going back to 354.80 today or moving green?
Man I watched that first quarter lead trip now I am kinda worried but I am a degen so diamond hands
It will eventually go higher. Collect a big one dollar dividend a quarter in the mean time.
500k iwm buy order after I buy 0dte puts... Nice
Finally unbanned
OP

shitpost
FSR deadass just follows NIO
Guys, I'm up 3k on my overall portfolio valuation today and I only deposited 5k this morning to make that happen. 

I'm selling my knawledge here in my garage for five easy payments of $9.95
I tried to sell at 45, luckily it didn't go rhrough somehow lmao
XPEV lets goo
Not pre-earnings?
Hey you are in a retard sub but Let’s continue this tomorrow
Really need this to chill out for a day or two so i can rebuy my 30c CC, rather not lose my shares
I apologize in advance for buying nio calls
I'm really bad at this.....
It hit 47 😂
GET IN SNAP RIGHT NOW
wait for $124
uninstall app.NIO will be at 150 by then. Plus  it's stress free and you won't regret anything
AMD needs to hit 90 by December
Honestly people buying leaps and then considering to sell short term. If u were planning to sell them earlier bought short term calls. Now you probably fucked urself a bit with the spread.
Fantastic volume on SPY

Very comforting to see so many buyers at these bargain prices
Thanks for the 100G 💰NIO
Please get fdx 275 :(
These dips are gonna get bought up
Puts on Fox News
Alright LI don’t fuck up earnings tomorrow I can’t day trade these calls on XPEV
I think 1:45 eastern
Number of upvotes this comment gets is the collective IQ of this sub
Nice little healthy pullback. No worries. NiO 50 eod
Well, population wise there are roughly 4 Chinese for every 1 American.  So technically there are another three other people that look kinda like him in China.
I said that at 15...and 19...and 25...
BUY THE NEXT NIO DIP BEFORE EARNINGS
throwing $5k at XPEV and NIO puts for next friday maybe I hate money
THE NIO DIP NOW!! Buy the DIP
Top of the holy totem 🚀
FUCK COVID, ALL MY HOMIES HATE COVID
Herd* god damn
[deleted]
Its the ultimate sit and forget.
Huh? I didn’t say $4,300 was life changing money. I have over double that in NIO, right now. I was saying to literally FORGET about it, is crazy. It’s irresponsible and stupid, to be honest. Even for a rich person. The amount is less important than the principle of just “forgetting” where you put your money.
Holding NIO and BABA got me feelin rich broke
You are definitely dumb but welcome aboard
Magnets
Fill in the blanks:

Who wouldn’t want a guy like _____ by their side? It so great when he performs _____ on me.
Yessir  ✊  ✊  😎  😎
What do y’all think of Vroom
Haha it is what it is

I, like many others love going to Vegas and just subscribing to the blackjack table. Sometimes I subscribe to the sports book and slot machines too.

Doesn't sound so bad anymore.
Sold half my NIO calls, let’s keep going
Sold PLUG for a massive loss last week, would’ve copped a 500% return by now. 
I’m so bad at this game
sell before er and leaps thereafter
XPEV just had a 20% day, idk why you keep looking at NIO
Me too!
Stock buyback reflects leadership’s belief company is undervalued. AMC is SELLING 20 million shares at $3 share!!! Lmao.
What’s on JPow agenda today ?
Should I just sell my apple shares, I have 5 and it’s at 120
I agree but what are we doing buying NIO after it went up over 2200%?
This is a shitpost. I have 0 DD other than I like to gamble
[removed]
Come on ATVI 🎅 needs some presents early in the form of $$
yes but a lot of companies don't hire the mentally disabled
The question is why tho
Never
compare s&p and dax. dax is actually down from YTD while s&p500 is up 15% YTD. s&p overvalued like trump's presidency
Look at fucking Thomas Edison over here.
PLRT is gonna become like a data-oriented BA due to their work in gov't contracts. Im holding shares at an avg cost of $12.50 and I think they are going to become huge.
[deleted]
All week dude. I’m holding a thousand calls. Gotta be poor soon
let me know when it’s gonna pop plz
I’m thinkin
a giant green C0ck sleeve incoming XD
NIO December calls feeling like fucking sex rn
I mean I'm just looking at the CNN stock forecast and the high estimate is only going down.
Sell half then always won the bet.  Then hold longer if want.
yes, but I mostly have shares and longer dated calls (4-16 months out). I have a few positions expiring nov and dec that I am up a lot on and letting ride
Same here got some 40c for 1/15/22 when Nio was at 35... prob just gonna hedge for earnings next week
[deleted]
Really u think it’s gonna dump on earnings ?
Got out on  XPEV right before this gay ass red
Until JPow speaks
Same, except I have been punching myself in the vagina for a month watching NIO just keep pushing higher with no brakes...

It's valuation is getting ridiculous though, right now it is pricing in like 3 years of continued growth
LI earnings coming up. 
If you missed NIO and XPENG at $30, don’t fuck this one up too
Are you bullish on earnings?
I was rethaded and bought NIO calls yesterday =D
RKT calls
Ha, look at that low volume.  You'll never be able to get rid of that bag.
I never lost faith in you little buddy, just keep chugging along now!
RKT 23.5C 12/11
On what sir
when though?
I saw April 2021 calls for XPEV this morning at $6.95. They’re at $9.30 now 😭😭
Yea we want the next play
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank god I was worried my puts wouldn’t print
875% on ZM calls I bought at lunch yesterday. Cashed out and it feels fucking great. I encourage you boys to take profits.
Lost 60% on my NIO calls immediately after buying them Tuesday morning. Held all the way through yesterday and finally sold. You are all welcome for the boost. At least I have shares of NIO and XPEV.
Not a knockoff a competitor
Welp I sold my NIO calls too early..

Calls went up another 70% after I sold..
Yes how so overtrading ?
Diamond hands ;)
WTF are you waiting for SPY, just do it
I just closed mine just take the tendies, massive run up already this week don’t get buried
I'm coming back to eat crow because it's having a killer day
Yessir B) (I know I hate myself too, but soon after buying in I realized that I will need this money for rent, so I'll just make up the $20 again soon. Can't afford the stress of riding Wall Street's Wild Ride)
I'm sorry, but how TF does SNAP have a 60 BILLION dollar market cap?
When is this fed meeting, I read 11:45 and others sources saying 1:45?
Gtfo
🤨
This low volume is so fucking boring
[deleted]
Shhhh I don’t want plug to become a meme stock
puts
BABA NOOO
[deleted]
Monster University you uncultured swine
No dip for awhile better just keep buying lol
I’m in the same predicament as you, I’m debating on selling and just buying more.
IV is absolutely bonkers would not recommend. Got enough cash to buy the underlying and sell calls/puts?
Planning some options plays for tomorrow. Any recommendations!!!
If you love money, avoid rkt
This is too accurate.
Ohhhhhhhh Elon Musk, I member
Last call for $AMWL 11/20  30c and 35c

https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/11/11/forget-livongo-this-is-a-better-telehealth-stock/
Doesn't matter what you throw it at, just keeping throwing down that 6k every year religiously. It's the one investment strategy I wish I'd have followed through with when I was your age.

That said, look into an ARK ETF. I'm balls deep in NIO & Xpeng at the moment too, but long term I'd rather bet on the team over the individual player...
RKT 🚀🚀🚀
Up
4 words but it works
Sell at least what your initial investment was.  Then you can hold longer if want.
[deleted]
Famous last words
Clearly.. LI up as well
[deleted]
Yeah I’m done with this shit stock. Nio od the true ev king.
Shout-out to tha bots last night...
This is outlier in quite a stretch of time. Hard to imagine how long this can keep going like this, although, perhaps forever.
AMZN really out there behaving like a boomer stock
PLTR PUtS looking nice
I’m waiting until Monday to grab more
Thoughts on FUV?
EVs about to take a huge dump...gtfo now
Thanks for 15k bag NIO
Most in MODN and VRTX
And Nio @38
Hell no. I’m holding to 1000. Haha
every dip safely bought in NIO
Chef is my new best friend.
>BLNK 

Just bought 500 shares - what does this company do?
PLUG drives me crazy
I have nio 42c 1/21/22 leaps, uninstall my app and come back next year in october? or sell before earnings for 20% gain
XPEV holy FUCK
Closed out XPEV.  Made $600, no work at Wendy's for 2 weeks.
Never understood the LMND hype. No one I know uses LMND to buy insurance. Young people typically dont buy insurance.
sell
NIONIONIONIONIO
Bought some NIO calls, No FOMO
[removed]
What’s next
Play
Feel like a genius selling the top 😎 now to lose it all.
no death spike? we good
Everyone getting cucked on TSLA unless you are daytrading

Buy below $400, sell above $420. Just keep repeating until it breaks higher or lower out of this range
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
Swinging a big sack of cash in to make 8k though.
So the real question is, is NIO going up due to XPEV’s hype?

Edit: This is a stupid question. OFC it is so imma sell LOL
That's art for them
Let me put it in three words: PLTR to the moon
But you've known the fat one for a lot longer. You've got history bro
You'll become a millionaire
they deserve all the slack theyre getting. How the fuck do you lose this much money on Nasdaq during a crazy run?
This guy hit it big post reparations. I’m being serious. My boi’s name Tron. Worlds richest Man. Hot hand in the dice game baby giiiirl
Make it so Lieutenant
I'll have a great time after I break lockdown orders then.
Monsters inc? What are you 40
BABA literally the worst. Im out
calls
you sell and take profit while it's there, jesus

roll into more FD with winnings if you want
Congrats man that like about tree fitty US.
I have 8k in other bets, this one I wasn’t sure about since earnings were lower than expected but volume looked good.
TLT calls for eom now or wait?
You sold?
I sold mine too early in the day but you're ITM so take your gains.
Yeah not so sure about this one, if it pops to $50 I will off myself
[removed]
You’re forgetting exponentially increase deliveries YOY
[removed]
I say hold through middle of next week and capture gains from this earnings run up.
Sir, this is EV convention
Wtf RKT. I did the gay and bought stocks.
PLTR shaking out weak hands for ER boom tn
I am rockhard.
Any love? Check their damn charts.
everyone calling me dumb for hopping from pltr to rkt🤡🤡🤡
Same. Just cashed out my 51c & 53c 12/4.
Positions or ban
I just keep sitting saying I can’t grab NIO and XPEV because the bubble will pop
[deleted]
edited the post
[deleted]
super low volume today..
Now sell covered calls 😂
lots of slow-moving ascending triangles forming on tech today

expect a large breakout towards eod
shitcoin sky rocketing
Oh wow there must be lots of single people there.
I do too, and I'm not fucking leaving...
ah, cool, so you're just a "die for the economy" type of person

Go lick some toilets to catch all the other viruses to build your immunity.
Done. Thanks.
My FSR calls are absolutely printing.
BDE
Ah fuck me. Took 20% profits on my PFE puts. Would be well over 100% today.
people are realizing that China is actually trying to compete internationally and aren't believing all the bullshit about them anymore. Yes I'm serious - look at their insane growth over the past two decades. A government hell bent on oppression doesn't grow like that. China has slashed poverty too and is building entertainment venues, public transit, etc., like wildfire. Hauwei, Tencent, ByteDance - these companies are all insanely huge now, and only growing.  

Believing that China is an evil warmonger is dumb as shit if you want to make money.
JWS is interesting for possible pop
I'm surprised PLTR hasn't had a 2nd major crash yet. Where is that double crash 2 days ago?
Okay now I'm upset about selling my nio 45c at 10:05.
Imagine buying puts at $40 yesterday or the day before 🤡
damn hopping into alibaba vs Nio is like dating the fat asian chick instead of the supermodel one
r/smallstreetbets
Yes
What’s everyone’s thoughts on DKNG earnings? It’s barely moved today
Bezos plz let me escape I promise I will never buy an AMZN put again
Covid-19 is about to skyrocket. Current data from BBC.

 https://imgur.com/xW72jTD 

&#x200B;

Plan accordingly.
No more than 20%
$9
I don’t have NIO calls but I have shares. I honestly think this can be a $100 by next year. Definitely holding this long term, at least 2 years
Play into PLTR earnings?
dont buy chinese knockoffs
Got cucked by TSLA.. anyone??
$41 nio calls are up 100% and my $45 nio calls are up 50%. They expire 11/20 and I have no idea what I should do lol
Same shares boring af
no it means nio has a huge market, huge. Rest of Asia is not scared of them either and they like their asian flyers out here so they have more market than they can handle atm - only Japan will take a pass
i was so close to getting out of them on tuesday and now i'm maaaad
Everyone jump off the NIO bandwagon and onto the XPEV and LI wagon!!!!!!
The universe is against you :(
RKT on a tear, where is it going
[removed]
Gonna import an Xpev and show it to my wall street bet frens later this week
Positions or band
RKT gainz offsetting PLTR. I guess I’ll take it
Holy shit XPEV just won't quit
cool bro, thanks
$3? Go fuck yourself
I HAVE PUTS

Ok I'll show myself out
That doesn’t include people like me that are salaried with severance that aren’t being laid off that get furloughed for a week at a time every other month that just don’t have the motivation to do all that fucking paperwork for $300.  People pretending like the economy is fine simply aren’t productive members of society with any actual insight into the business world
dont buy chinese knockoffs
Straight face gang 😐
SNAP is on fucking steroids wtf
RKT shook the haters out, time to rise.
[removed]
Same oh wait mines never been so red. Fucking tried to diamond hands my AMZN call that was up 40% at 9:35. Constantly dropping ever since
just doesn't care.
the market gets so fucking horny for NIOs vehicle delivery numbers too. That's bigger than the earnings themselves, which might only need to be mediocre to moon this shit
I mean if it hits 1k eoy I’ll have enough money to just buy a new, better dick so 🤷‍♂️ does it even matter?
I'm trying to fill (500) NIO 11/13 $60 calls for 2 cents each.  Ya'll get in there and sell them to me.  So far I've filled about 225 of them.
Don't buy that meme boomer stock.
Come on SNE don’t let China make all the money
My god this is boring
Liar, liar, retard on fire
[deleted]
Can Jack Ma just publicly apologize already
Nice.
Tesla always fucks me
around 400 of NIO with at $47.20, $47.08, and more of those done in many trades.
FSR moving with NIO
Sold 56 calls yesterday for a small profit of < $200. Should of opened poor man covered calls on my leaps
For sure there's room for both and Tesla in the Chinese market. But Nio is just further ahead with alot of room for growth. Their eventual expansion into selling into Europe early next year, the fact they can't produce enough cars to meet demand, and the way they are promoting their Nio Life brand expanding beyond electrics cars...my loins are to tingling too.
How badly will PLTR tank?
Can you define lockdown?
你好
Sold nio to early ama
SPY looking to drop
Cashed out my calls at the top so far today and took the profit and just holding shares for the time being.
PLTR will go back up b4 close
yea they completely are not, FanDuel is the partnered betting company in a ton of major hubs
You got?
You think you should run your own investments when you can even follow the posting rules for a gambling sub?

Good luck.
Why would you not convert the options into stocks if you are expecting an IV crush, thereby getting the gains? Is it because if the IV does not drop options will give you more gains?
Probably not cause I actually picked up some calls
Y’all never mention plug but it’s been going up for the past 5 years with retard strength
Everything is Awesome, Everything is Cool when your part of a Team.
I never lost faith.
The only memes that work out are the ones I don’t touch
How much
T mobile puts let’s see how it goes
Lol at least you posted positions.
Punching myself in the vagina for not pulling the trigger on XPEV yesterday.
thinking of fomo’ing into nio. last time i bought was 35
I regret so hard that I didn’t buy it in august for 18$
Why’d you get bannded? Did you also used the infinite money loophole?
To those of you who didn’t buy the NIO dip this week. 

How stupid do you feel now for telling people it was a bad idea?
literally cant go tits up
Yes
Any thoughts on the MOON etf?
Can't lose with that logic. Go get 'em, just be sure to wear the football helmet before going outside.
literally cannot understand why anyone is buying tech stocks at these retarded valuations
i might be missing your joke, but i am making a joke about "magnetic hill" which is downhill but an optical illusion makes it look uphill. you put your car in neutral and watch your car magically climb. nova scotia has super meh weed. you want BC bud
Plug is 🚀🚀
KB options market looking real casino like
Nice little triple bottom on PLTR for the Day
Show me the hospitals that were overwhelmed.  Delaying a surge in no way helps the economy.  The economy suffers during lockdown and then again when the next surge hits. This is what's happening right now as a product of your first lockdown bae. Haven't even dealt with any fallout from the first lockdown yet and you want a second.  I'm done with you and your idiocy.
We can only hope and pray
Nio 50c fds bought and sold in 1 hr . Risked $1k
yea its a good one, nio was $2 in Feb! i know
You have to have loose money to lose money.
EOD*
Because positive vaccine news always have temporary halo effect
I sold my calls at $32. My calls at $20 ex.  Feb 2021. Who’s more retarded ? I should have Diamond handed it.
You’re confused.
XPeng is up 20% and NIO has been coming up with it but I think 10% is a good exit point if you have NIO calls. Buy back in for 11/20 $50C if it dips at some point today though
 Nobody believes you you fuck
1.21 GIGAWATTS!!!!!
你好
**BOYS NEVER FEEL BAD FOR TAKING PROFITS, IV IS SUPER HIGH AND THESE ARE SOME OF THE BEST PRICES YOULL SEE**
Xpeng literally a moon shot
[deleted]
I bought a bunch of shares at 10 and sold them at 41. I am also pretty sad.
RKT gonna squeeze that 20+ percent short float.
Do you regret it lol
BYND about to get shafted
You aren’t gonna lose money holding that but you could make more if you reroll. But you could lose doing that too so 🤷‍♂️ good luck
NIO is a great company it’s going to keep rising but I’m taking my profits now and rebuying in once I plan my entry and exit points. Plus IV is insanely high for NIO rn. As far as RKT I’ve been studying them for a few weeks and finally decided to make my move after the dip on their earnings. I expect at least 6% upwards for RKT this week
everyone told me I was a dumb asshole for wanting to go in on pltr at ipo, and now who's the dumb asshole? ofc I didn't put any money in and independently of that I'm a dumb asshole. im not sure where im going with this
Made 8k on XPEV today. feel like a loser for only buying shares.
Really regret selling my plug 11/20 calls for a measly 15% gain a few days ago. In on DDOG tho
NIO $46c 11/13 ya ya ant street bets whatever
Why would you do this knowing there will be a run up until their earnings? You left easy money on the table but gains r gains congrats
Daddy Elon would be proud🙏🏽
Good shit you deserve a drink sir
Don’t go chasing waterfall retards..let the waterfall comes to you!!
[deleted]
hopefully by eoy
got another free AMZN put debit spread 2x 11/13 3150/3145p
# I JUST PUT THIS MONTHS RENT ON XPEV. OH WELL
PTON go back to 120
mostly just to confirm what I'm going to do, so if its a little hot I don't pull the plug
Joines the nio train on tuesday... cant complain
Been in NIO since $9 and this thing is still ripping. $60 by EOY looking real possible
And its literally all the same shit “NIO TO THE MOON🚀🚀🚀”
It’s 99% hype fueled at this point.

Probably should have settled in at 38. It’s all greed now
Naturlirch sprechen wir deutsch hier.
you god damn right
Have you ever seen anyone else's ballot cast, legally? Exactly!
Why is Pfizer dropping so much? My calls are fucked and I’m retarded
Positions?
I'm sure AMWL is a pump `n dump, but I'm still up on my calls.  Anyone else in this shit for earnings?  Thinking of letting it run in case of a miracle.
A better question: If $4,300 seems like a large investment, then why watch a $40+ stock?
I mostly trade 30 minutes charts but use smaller charts to get my entry’s and exit down to a tee
attention attention all warmongering couch potato boomers, sale on now on all ' i fear for my life give me a mask, give me a needle, give me a hug' promotions in the basement...doors will be sealed once we can get enough of you stuffed in there so hurry
ruh roh
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/maxoptionstrading don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO just doesnt stop. Will this eventually get into triple digits?
sounds like a fun gamble with penny change (for him) with huge upside to get to say you are a big brain
Oof. Well keep watching and glad you made some cash! I got into XPEV first thing this morning and it’s looking great 😎
So this market is sure ny and ca aren’t going to lock down...
folks, MMs are suppressing dkng as the duly crowned king of online betting. DKNG 60 by next week!!!
[deleted]
Disney has 100 year bonds.  The market already priced in the fact that it's a blue chip stock.  But it's hard to see any strong revenue this year that makes Disney deserve to be at it's ATH.
maybe these gynese arent so bad after all 🤔
FRIENDSHIP ENDED WITH TESLA. XPEV NEW FREN
NIO aint no cuck. Double digit percentage, 15% EOD
Just sold my NIO stock but holding my calls
Literally all PLUG does is print
ACB is a turd. How do I know? I’m an early bagholder. This is all the DD you need.
Sold for 200% profit. Much more r/smallstreetbets territory, and I don't have "~diamond handzz~", so I took profits.
whats going to be higher,

Nio EOD or tiger woods front 9
Just sell now dude. 150% is crazy good depending on how much you put up.
Is the BA chart a rising wedge forming or a head and shoulders? My astrologer wants to know
positions or ban
team rocket 🚀
Y’all really think NIO hits 50 today?
Nio at +10% today!
NIO UP 10% YOU HATERSSS!!!!!!!  Ahh that felt good
INTC calls on sale
The whole stock is retarded
PLUG is the real sleeper that nobody is posting about today.
You can adjust the time periods based on what charts you trade
I don't think you're there yet
Bought some calls for exp EOW let’s ride to the moon
Are you trying to tell me closing my eyes and plugging my ears isn’t how professionals trade?
No, but in case it goes down a bit I won't lose everything
I concur with this gentleman
XPEV up 20% on shit earnings. What can we expect from NIO?
Cocain and hookers my friend. Cocain and hookers.
I don't know shit about investing but started buying stock in silver/gold junior mining companies starting in June, just buying regular stock.
Sold at the exact point of the dip the week before the election and made about 100% profit. The best I was up at any point was 155% with a couple up near 200%.

My mate who is doing the research has kept all his saying it will all go back up.
I am officially Chinese after today
WE HAVE LIFTOFF RKT 🚀🚀🚀
The weight of these bags is enormous
This is not quite the RKT movement I was hoping for at earnings, but I’ll take it at this point.
Last min drops to 350
When you put 100k into a position you'll understand
Plz
I want to say 24th is more accurate because I remebr RH saying 18th pre market last week.
ANT STREET FUCKING BETS
I’m still new to options but is this saying if it hits $50 by 11/20 you earn $5050? If not you lose $750? 

Edit: and the cost is $22.90 regardless?
where did you buy? at open?
NIO really is going to the moon, ain’t it?
[deleted]
We’re extremely jealous of the Chinese EV run and wishing we got in
Lol take my upvote u poor bastard
Woah John Fort is black? Nice
keep screaming at the sky, that’ll help
It's harder for SPY to fall more than 0.2% in a day than Trump to concede.
[deleted]
TLT, what is this a retirement home
Sell now and get back in. I fully expect NIO to pull a PINS/SNAP and rocket after earnings. $60 EOY
Standard for each of them
[it's fate boys, loading up on calls risked my life to take this pic](https://i.imgur.com/OWDUDwQ.jpg)
*WELCOME TO THE* **CHOP SHOP**
What the fuck Xpev
[deleted]
If people actually believed he would do what he says they would have won control of the senate.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stop talking about rkt
Not lambo material
positions fgt
NIO is going to make us so rich
# JUST DROPPED A 10 ON XPEV. WE GOING TO 100 BY TOMORROW
No positions, no, not doing it right
They might be worth more as rolling papers than the put i have.... wait can we trade... what kinda papers
Bought at just under $7 sold at just under $20 to buy a stock that just sits there.
Zimbabwean dollars actually
Shook out the haters
My NIO 05/21/21 35C is nearing +500%. Shares over +200%
What’s the next play?
Yes, but you will still probably profit.
11/20 48$ and 12/04 48$
Congrats who is investing in the NIO.
XPEV AT +25% 

NIO AT +10% now under valued 

ALL IN NIO!
Dump and re-enter when it drops back down. It's shot straight up this morning...
Bought the LI dip a few days back, to the moon even more tomorrow🚀🚀🚀
Same
If you cant beat em join em. Otherwise stfu.
It's that time of the year again, time to pump MU
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/JungleMainS10 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How many Nickelback concerts have you been to?
BLNK 17 EOD
*Googles “How to apply for Chinese citizenship?”*
sell eod
RKT lifting off
I read that Ackman is doing the same thing he did before when he turned $24million into $2.4Billion. But he's only doing it with 30% of the money he originally bet... so $8 million.
TMO edging higher today and coyly flirting with $500. Should head back to try the $533 recent high from last week, $470 is strong support. Seems like a decent oscillation play could form up, momentum is to upside right now.
with what configuration?
XPEV is so hot right now
If you’re looking to make quick money, weeklies on JD just not right now, wait for next dip.
Fuck PLTR isn't going to recover is it
[removed]
Another 709k signed up for unemployment? At what point is the whole country going to be signed up
?
sell retard
SPY 340 EOD
Lol. What are these EVs on ?
Well, I was able to sell it for the $20.90 price. 

Probably just gonna roll it over and buy a new call
How the fuck are we supposed to know? We're degenerate gamblers.
Europe indices selling off, please don’t fuck over America
already came in
Will FSR ever go full NIO?
3k what?
when you're happy with the profits.  I simply thought about my NIO calls today in terms of "that one option is now worth a PS5".  So I sold for a nice 100% gain.  Held on to just 1 NIO contract thought to see this thing through until the end.
you buying rice bat soup too, they like that doesn't mean Americans are going to stop eating Wendys and change to that foreign muck.
I hope your right bro, i hope your right
LI is ROCKETING
For two months I kept telling myself stay away from Nio because all of WSB is on it
NIO, Xpeng and LI going to 50 after all their earnings huh
Buy puts. These guys were going to be de-listed until covid came (look at 5 year chart). Further good vaccine news will make them tank more. Long term positive for them might be people using hand sanitizer more after covid

I have no position in this one
In real value estimates it could but like tesla it will take 2-3 years. The $100 bet is 2021s big milestone. After that $1000 or the equivalent after splits or additional stock.

Because (va)China is set on EVs there will likely be multiple EV winners so XPEV, and LI might actually survive alongside NIO.
[removed]
Absolutely hold through earnings it’s going to really explode after
Already out douche.
[deleted]
Both
Nio giving me a stiffie
>DDOG

I feel you bro. I wish you the best of luck, keep that vibe, be patient, and oyou will NAIL the next play. start watching more big tickets, AES, DG, DLTR, HD, HLT, etc.
Dare you
Lol. I’m buying shares to roll up and smoke while I watch movies in my home theatre.
You really gonna hold onto that for so long?
i'm being retarded
NIO really gonna have a 10% day?
Could we expect Nasdaq composite  will turn red today EOd?
RKT making it’s move
Bought 12/18 calls. Now up 70%

If PLTR would get its shit together I’d be having a damn good day. As is up a little bit.
LOL, yup.  I'm still holding this piece of shit put though...
Thats beyond our comprehension
haha wow downvotes and everything. Fuck me I'm dead
Very nice! I have puts spread out through November and December.
I for one, welcome our new Chinese overlords...
Yahoo says 5 days, guess nobody has any idea
[deleted]
I made 3k . Not much but AMA
There is room for both of them but NIO BAS strategy makes me tinkle
Yup
So calls, then?
BLNK looks like it's about to be juicy
NIO taking the WSB AMD path in merely 6 months
Reason? Source?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Biden COVID chief suggesting 6 week nation wide lockdown.

This'll get interesting.
Me too!
Clown ass Chinese ev stocks are 90% of the comments
All memeing XPEV and NIO, meanwhile the real winner is LI
You were promoted to the girl's boyfriend. Her guy fucks her while you cook.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=510G39RXuPE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=510G39RXuPE)
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** The narrative of my investments from a year ago to now

**URL:** https://redd.it/jswumu
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jswumu) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/AdamCaveRoberts, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
AdamCaveRoberts
theoriginofstorms
Sold at 47. Getting back in when we dip today or tomorrow. Like timing my calls(like when I bought at 38 yesterday) to eek out every penny I can. Hope they explode on earnings man! Go for the 4206.90%!
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
ALL HAIL NIO. ALL HAIL XI JINPING. 

Qǐ lái! Bú yuàn zuò nú lì de rén men!
Bǎ wǒ men de xuè ròu,
     zhù chéng wǒ men xīn de cháng chéng!
Zhōng huá mín zú dào liǎo zuì wēi xiǎn de shí hòu.
Měi ge rén bèi pò zhe fā chū zuì hòu de hǒu shēng.
Qǐ lái! Q ǐlái! Qǐ lái!
Wǒ men wàn zhòng yì xīn,
Mào zhe dí rén de pào huǒ, qián jìn!
Mào zhe dí rén de pào huǒ, qián jìn!
Qián jìn! Qián jìn! Jìn!
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/stochrsi.asp
Happens to the best of us bro. Remember this is technically gambling.. Make the most calculated risk you can make, that's all you can do. And remember to take wins in small doses, don't get greedy.  No stock goes up forever, but Nio has more room to grow imo. Wait for a red or flat day, probably tomorrow, and get in on Nio if you think it's worth the risk.  Keep ya head up
And the premium is always nice on tesla because of its inherent volatility
Jan 15 2021 NIO 50c. Don't fail me
Stocks only go up bro. No worries. You’re a long term investor. Smart.
It's a gay penny stock and I only have shares, but CLNE has gone up every single day this week. Idk if it's for real or not, but they do natural gas for vehicles, mainly trucks. Government vehicles make up a good chunk of the business. 20% of buses run on this and companies like UPS and FDX have been putting more money into adding nat gas vehicles to their fleets.

A lot depends on what Biden can get done, but I like it right.
AAPL gonna trend up to 130. DEAL WITH IT
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nice

**URL:** https://redd.it/jswl0g
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jswl0g) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/bigbad_bean, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CallsOnAlcoholism
Columbusx2
**NIO NO LONGER LIMP**
This is the only correct answer
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
What’s strike and how many did u buy
She loves the beach
AMD next stop 83 🚀
I believe it's an old wooden ship
We should be at SPY 320 if this market wasn’t rigged as fuck. THEY DONT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOU. YOURE NOT PART OF THE CLUB. EVEN IF YOU MAKE MONEY, THEYLL JUST PRINT MORE FOR THEMSELVES, AND YOUR PURCHASING POWER STAYS THE SAME. YOU CAN AFFORD ONLY WHAT THEY LET YOU AFFORD. WAKE THE FUCK UP
where are all the elon fan boys anyway - what echo chamber do y'all hang out in pre booking your mars tiks lmao
Patience is a virtue. It’s also hard as fuck
Alright, I had to get out of NIO at $47 there. I'm up over 100% this month and I'm still bullish on them but I've gotten burned being greedy once this week already. Gonna go back to bed and see where we're at mid day before deciding if I want back in on the earnings run
Go look up their cars on YouTube. NIO is more luxury. Xpeng is more middle class. They are both good looking cars.
I feel ya man. Up 793% this week... down 69% all time.

lol
Nio bears are some of the dumbest fear mongering cucks on this sub. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BABA taking elevator to $280 EOD. Insider trading tip as in I feel it inside my heart.
NIO only goes up
50
Still goin up.
BABA fds I picked up EOD and flipped at open and then did it again on the dip.

Fucking VWAP man. I should have been using the Super Cardi B indicator ages ago but was like nah the crayons and MACD are all i need, so useful for intraday stuff.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/tkntony1 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Till the last 15 min yeah, probably.

Internet: Ali Baba is a poor woodcutter who secretly watches as 40 thieves hide their booty in a cave, the door to which can be opened only by the verbal command of “Open, Sesame!” He later uses this magic phrase, steals riches from the cave, and lives a prosperous life. 

Me: Got it, 40 calls for prosperous life.
Depends. You top or bottom?
CRSR what's happening
100% GME
Because its not honey
The small dip from 47.2 to 46.62
Good call
> retard

You got one thing right.
Chinelon
LI just keeps on going holy shit
Bout to jump into PLTR for ER swangggg
Honestly the best play. It’s a meme stock that has hit its meme number at $420 it’s going to trade around there for months
PLUG to the moon
Motion to change the sub banner to President Xi because apparently this sub is communist now
if you think either the market or election are rigged to a point where its against you, you're retarded.
2 employee. Wtf
I hope NIO crashes just so yall shut the fuck up
[deleted]
NIO will slice to XPEV’s market cap on earnings. Your only hope is XPEV climbing high enough to keep NIO’s cap high. And tbh. I think it may happen. 20% today? I may be boned :)
# NIO LIMP XPEV KEEPS GOING
Gay ass shit
You could have bought many mcchickens
Alright NIO, we've got enough fuel time to shoot for 48! 🚀🚀
This notion of diamond hands is the most degenerative thing about this sub. It’s not a good strategy. Take profits, roll up higher strike.
Did you sell yours? Lol
Too much work. Made about 3.3k overnight :)
My man you are addicted. Sell now
Wow 2 employees??
Who is diversity? I don't understand.
Lol wtf was that DPZ price action pump and dump
Gotta do it on the 1-minute charts, but shit, even then they invalidate almost all Bearish indicators.
I’m not sure you’re hedging correctly
what dip we're vertical
I hope you are selling soon. I rode the wave also with expirations a month ahead of yours but your expirations are gonna eat away at your gains from theta decay.
I hope so. After these multi-hundred point swings I need a couple benzos
I’m just hella gay
What you holding? Been eyeing this one for a minute
Peak interest of one of China's biggest state run companies*
Autocorrect diaries 🤷🏻‍♂️
Is this gay?
Revolut, my dudes. But you can only buy stocks, no options trading which might be actually a good thing for you.
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/epyrqx/too_much_money_help/femk960/)*
PLUG to the moon
NIO EARNINGS NEXT WEEK WILL LIKE XPEV +22% PAPER HAND NOW TO ME FEELS LIKE A 🤡
Sell that shit, buy the rumor sell the news. Rinse and repeat.
Ban
we rlly gonna bounce between 355-356 all day huh
Probably what I’m going to do but tbh I don’t see much of a dip coming. I already left so much on the table
120 million volume in 1.5 hours 🥴
[deleted]
RH says 24th now. So just in time to fuck the November monthlies.
ZM puts are cheaper than calls
[deleted]
DUMP NOW! Then buy in again when it drops to 42 later today. Mark my words!
cmon nio just hit $48 for daddy today
Who’s this now?
Lol everyone sell. This idiot really did it
Damn markets look pumped out. It’s blown its load boys I know a cock and balls pattern on the 5 year when I see one!
Not till they come under investigation
Thank you NIO 🥰
I didn’t write that book for retards like you to critique it.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Cashed out yesterday.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsv5ky
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsv5ky) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ecorbett79, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
steezyjerry
KrzzyKarlo
OverpricedBagel
Jakeep16
immy87
drugyboi11
osallent
Post tendies so I can be salty
What the fuck is money
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Fucking plug calls sold after I cancelled the order already
MACD Is extremely useful for timing reversals and when to buy and sell
Definitely not rigged. Definitely not. 😆
I grabbed a couple April calls. Already up a bit. Hope to see this pull a NIO
XPEV gonna catch up to NIO at this rate
Good morning for some XPEV calls
47 call 11/27 tell them to bring me my money
Tell her yes, but only after a three-way with another girl-- then ghost her.

Or you could just tell her "no" like an adult.
more likely fuck her ex with her and then fight him
where?

&#x200B;

it just looks like an audi
Nah, sorry. I’m tired
11/13 is only good strike right now
> because lockdowns do not eradicate the virus, they delay a surge.

Literally this is the point of a lockdown, to not overwhelm hospitals. 

You are actually so dense it's incredible.
🤑
XPEV prolly
She wants me to choose the guy

Yea idk man I can't wife up a thot
Just sold all my XPEV and NIO calls
Nothing has ever made me harder than China EVs
I was already in bro, I cashed out earlier today cause my calls expired tomorrow. Was going to roll them over but this shit has not stopped going up since loll
XPENG 41
PLTR earnings priced in. This will moon
Squinting hard at the charts trying to figure out if it's wise to short the Chinese EVs
Watching this XPENG, NIO, and LI marathon to the moon is fun
[deleted]
oh yea forgot how big the us market was compared to china...esp for ev

dope on a rope
You boys ready for the flattest day in the history of flat days
I sold it I can’t stand looking at it anymore
NIO: Where we're going, we don't need roads!!!
What’s the best way for me to study it and get better at?
Me at open: NIO is already up so much today, no way it'll keep running. Best not to get burned on another FOMO meme play.

NIO: 🚀🚀🚀
BUY THE NIO DIP!
Maybe CNK will buy AMC...
Race to 50, xpev or nio, who will win?
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$30**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$18.38**|**$46.78**|**18654**|**513**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhf0qe2u8pqa0770cb0lfypt) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/whatkindpinetrees/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Why? Your username makes me beg to differ.
Christ XPEV!  I don’t feel bad for taking my profits this morning but wow they are going nuts.
yes
One tip to not get FOMO and buy too early after you take profits on Nio. Buy a FD expiring tomorrow $1 or $2 OTM. If it keeps mooning you can make a few hundred bucks in a day. If it dips you only lose $100 on the trade and can buy further out exps on the dip.
>DFEN

What's the deal with them?
2020 taught me that I can take the casino with me on the go
yeah but up a 28piece looks damn good with ur coffee
yeeeeesssss
You are missing out
I only use RSI, MACD, and Bollinger bands
At least find out if he's hot first
Do I really want to invest in the overthrow of the Bolivian government? Ehhhh...
Steps to unimaginable wealth:

1.  Go to China 
2.  Create company with mission to make electric vehicles 
3.  Get listed on stock exchange
4. ??????
5.  Profit
>just opened a Roth IRA account 

There’s your first problem 

>limited to 6k

the fuck?

>tax free gains

the companies won’t exist by then

>I don’t wana settle

Yet you kneecap yourself with an IRA
I mean you could have said that about tesla a year and a half ago when they were bouncing between 250-400 on a regular basis. “Just short when they hit 400” it’s free money. 

Free money until they suddenly run up to 2100 in 9 months.

Stocks are easily predictable, except when they’re not.
[deleted]
We all are
RKT
Year? try month
Wait for lunch dip fool.
It's retard strength indicator is at an all time high, hold retard
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** The tendies mm

**URL:** https://redd.it/jswt95
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jswt95) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Onihs, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
SmugglerHanSolo
CallsOnAlcoholism
kisssmysaas
Jack-Skinne
GonnaBeTheBestMe
EcoastDistrib
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Nov 20th. Although now they are lol
nah you made money. retarded would be the people who bought puts..
# CHAD XPEV VS LIMP NIO
Unless you want to get spitroasted between her and the other guy (you read that right) then yeah.
i should be grateful but xpev has me quite jealous atm
40% on 8k. Who is this guy? 😂
the US isn’t gonna give a chinese company money lmfao
Position?
I have 4 stocks in my portfolio. I’m up 5% over the last two months. I’m ok with that given the volatility.
#GIVE BABA YOUR ENERGY!
Why does baba suck so bad
> because every fucking state locked down in different ways at different times, and half the country didn't lock down at all or mandate wearing masks indoors/public spaces.

Why are the places that locked down hardest still seeing second surges?  Oh right, because lockdowns do not eradicate the virus, they delay a surge.  You really bought in whole hog that lockdowns could CrUsH tHe VirUs.  Sure...I'm the idiot.  Enjoy your lockdown.
Of course
$27B mkt cap w/170x pe. If PFE makes 2B doses from now thru end 2021 and each vial is 50 cents, it is $1B non-recurring revenue (because people won’t need a vaccine every year and other companies will have vaccines) at let’s say 20% margin (Dunno the real margin) = $200M potential gross profit. Not sure it moves the needle, but maybe given the crazy high multiple. And maybe it’s already priced in. Good luck
Just kick the girl out and have sex with the dude like a real man
Holy shit my portfolio has never looked so green
Bruh stfu
Not necessarily for this one. Xpeng is having a run because of their earnings. NIO will run until earnings and maybe after depending on the earnings themself.
Am I the only person that wants to eat crayons purely based on the texture?
Lost money on DDOG and PLTR because I listened to someone lmao!! man!!
$FSR is the new $NIO
Surprised wmt isn't doing more tbh. Panic buying was already creeping back before biden cabinet declared imminent 6 week no exceptions lockdown.
Nio earnings in a week. Paper handling now is 🤡
Well boys I've successfully went from -99% to -89%. Next stop -79%, bust most likely -99%.
How is ZM dying stupid? Super overvalued. Investors don’t even know how to price the growth
Lol bruh... y’all aint dating
just fomo into nio at 47...am i retarded guys?
Sold my LI and XPEV positions. Long term bullish but tendies are tendies. Will buy back later if there's a dip (a big if for China EVs right now).
jokes on you if it hits 1k EOY 2021 my dick will have shriveled up inside of me into a vagina
Yulp
Eh fuck it, works for me.
earnings come out next week, hold
Oo no I wouldn't do that lmao
well why different stocks?? i like choosing one stock im trying to find a new one, costco is way too chaotic and the IV dropped significantly so the credit is trash and bid:ask is like 50-60 cents
Lil margin
Last zoom dip till shit hits the fan and this is back at over 500 next week. Doubling down
Bruh get in now
[deleted]
He’s not too optimistic about the timeframe like Elon is.
Retards
well
Learned and yolo
1.2k is a quarter of your college savings? You are  fucked.
[deleted]
Spy going up?
I was down $300 yesterday YTD and my $NIO call made my YTD up $175
Stoch RSI is my go to
Damn XPENG I'm breaking it off with TSLA and hopping on this
NIO definitely going to dip under 45 and definitely going to resume to 50
If the girl Ive been dating for 4 weeks keeps asking me to have a threesome with another guy, should I just ghost her?
I sold my NIO and XPEV calls yesterday too. Fuck me
i’ve been buying and selling for over a year since $3. Now it’s in my long term and I buy the calls when I can
NIO AND XPEV NOW THIS IS POD RACING
After a quick search it looks like Cramer said 2 days ago that the price is too high and that people should be taking profits. Probably unrelated but the only correlation I can see

https://www.benzinga.com/news/small-cap/20/11/18294764/cramer-weighs-in-on-cloudflare-palo-alto-and-more
One day at a time brother, congrats for the huge comeback !
I'd keep it, but Nio is definitely the frontrunner IMO.
breadth is bad watch out
I got a MRNA call yesterday.
RKT BACK ON THE FUCKING MENU BOYS
<3 here’s to hoping
Fuck puts
XPEV to 50! Hopefully they announce a stock split soon so it'll go to 420.
[deleted]
Ha you actually made him repost there.
XPENG going to 41! No reason NIO STUCK AT 47
Sir, this is a Greggs
I got out of weeklies when we hit $43. Tbf I would have exited at $45 today but at least my January ones are still open and printing
[removed]
They won’t get any vaccine for a long time you idiot. Lives first!
Same lol
I bought 30 shares AMD at $60 on my IRA And I forgot about them too. Meanwhile I’m buying amd puts on my other account hoping for it to drop 🤦🏻‍♂️
Slide on over to [thebullprophet.com](https://thebullprophet.com) I'll get ya tha intel yo ass needs to keep it creamy son
So do people grow weed on the side of road in Nova Scotia?
Not yet
PLTR 11/3 C up 150% this morning. Check 5 minutes later it’s -10%.
Yung FOMO
I bought NIO, the only way it can go now is down. You were all warned
**looking maniacally at my fully diamond, super shiny hands**
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PLTR   15.0|1.9|2.0|2.0|-0.25|142.606%


PLTR 15.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1zsvz&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
indeed, see you then
What the fuck Tesla. Go back up
2040 is already priced in.
Its bullshit it didn't go up. They are making fists full of money + stock buyback
I took a point away with my downvote
My soul is honestly just crushed. Maybe it's time to come to terms with the idea that trading is not meant for me. I been eyeing NIO since it was at 11, but keep missing out on every runup for one reason or another. Here I am stuck with shitty DKNG, when I could've changed my life by being in NIO. FML
$420.69
I bought a couple shares at 33.54$ so I'm just enjoying the fast organic growth of 20%+ 😂
Who trades by looking at RSI divergence?
I literally can’t stop staring at the NIO and XPEV chart today someone help me not to fomo 😭😭
78% for me at one point
Sector rotation trying to happen again? Lol you can tell when ZM dies and cruises and airlines are turning green. Stupid shit.
[deleted]
Hold PLTR 11/27 $15c or sell before earnings? Bought today (while IV was high)
Keep. Or take profit and reroll to further otm. It’s going to go up just like nio. It’s just easier for traders to tie themselves to one ship. Why play both when one gets the job done? Either way they’re both great companies for long term holds and short term plays.
F
It will run till earnings because of xpeng doing so well. If nio can match the hype it will run after earnings too
So what r the catalysts for today? When is job report coming out
Yeah you're right but I think it'll take at least 2 years for sure. Businesses which rely on many legacy software won't leave intel machines. I know I'm a fool but I don't why but I feel like many systems will still receive intel update one more time.
Yeeeeee my XPEV is 22% up
Yah. This is problematic for my theory. If XPEV goes to like 60. I’m fucked. NIO will go to XPEV’s market cap on earnings. Rn XPEV is half NIO, suggesting NIO Will fall to 25 or so on earnings. But if XPEV gets really high... the NIO cut will be smol
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
XPEV   35.0|8.55|8.9|8.8|4.47|111.519%


XPEV 35.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1zr53&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
So much for pltr
oh cool, the anti-lockdown FUD shills are swarming this thread
Yah. This is problematic for my theory. If XPEV goes to like 60. I’m fucked. NIO will go to XPEV’s market cap on earnings. Rn XPEV is half NIO, suggesting NIO Will fall to 25 or so on earnings. But if XPEV gets really high... the NIO cut will be smol
sold my XPEV 12/18 35c when it was $30. AMA
[deleted]
Come on fsly more power.
Retard bought at the top of a 900% bubble and didn't btfd at $330? And then failed to ride the $380 to $450 wave twice? Lmao
Hey you were right ;)
holding it till 300 or that prick gets the ANT iso back on.
Thinking of retard yolo on NIO 11/13 puts 👀
I’m up 809% this month but only 10% all time in my robinhood 🤡
How tf am I supposed to get an Xbox now?
Yeah thats why we should stay diligent. He won't "win" this, but this could be the closest the modern USA comes to a full on coup d'état.
Boys, do we really hit a triple home run with XPEV, LI, and NIO beating ER? I want to believe but that’s so nutty
what NIO strikes and dates are you retards buying?
My nio was down 89% lol
FSLY and DDOG. Had I bought leaps on both these yesterday, would have been richer by $5200 😭😭😭😭
yeah I guess I just don’t fuck with china at all and would never buy a car from them. I doubt they will have much presence in the international market due to the reputation of the CCP but we will see
(x) doubt
So Fisker went bankrupt once already, reports of “extravagant spending”, and this fuck’s wife is the CFO? 

Should I invest in my local pyramid scheme too?
[removed]
Plz europoors sell off so I can escape these dumb ass puts
Me for once but the day is still young!
NIO please do 20% moon shoot thanks
if you want a lambo by next week, buy DFEN 🚀🚀🚀
Ban
NIO gang, put the $ROPE back in the garage but don’t throw it away

*Still might need it next week*
They hated Jesus because he spoke the truth. Hope you are having a good morning bud😘
[deleted]
Yah. This is problematic for my theory. If XPEV goes to like 60. I’m fucked. NIO will go to XPEV’s market cap on earnings. Rn XPEV is half NIO, suggesting NIO Will fall to 25 or so on earnings. But if XPEV gets really high... the NIO cut will be smol
IMO less confident, but if you see RSI being <30 for multiple time period (1m stick, 3m stick, 5m stick, 15m stick) then 100%. The more the better
Imagine the short squeeze with 3 teslas
because every fucking state locked down in different ways at different times, and half the country didn't lock down at all or mandate wearing masks indoors/public spaces.

There already were 'protests' about lockdowns, a whopping 100-200 people MAX went to them. The vast majority just wants this shit over and done with and have already adjusted their lifestyles for distancing. It's the idiots who keep having large gatherings (and will continue to do so until not legally allowed) causing the spikes. 

You are verifiably a moron
XPEV is up 21% after beating earnings. NIO up 9% today. How high will she go? 👀
NIO gotta dip so daddy can load up more..come on son!!
Anyone holding baba??
NIO will be cut to XPEV’s market cap on earnings. 

If you’re holding NIO through earnings, you better be praying for XPEV.
[deleted]
[deleted]
11/13 50c NOT FUCKING SELLING
Take some
My xpev was down 50% at one point
Can’t believe I almost jumped out of NIO yesterday.
Your welcome for buying puts on xpev yesterday
Buying Xpev and Nio puts is so retarded it might actually work
Any one ever saw a NIO drive in their neighbourhood?

... exactly!
Soooo do the opposite to avoid everyone doing the same thing at once, but then to triple switch what i do coz of everyone else doing the same........ And profit?
Pretty yuge volume on LI and XPEV in comparison to yesterday
When it first jumped two weeks ago I had a hefty put that went worthless. Lol. Feels bad. They are performing and I see snap at $60 next spring because the new phones capable of their AR software will be out in full force. Snap has tons of ads and people are producing more unique short videos/shows. SNAP is gonna lean towards quibli type stuff I think. I watch one cooking guy already and it’s very well done. If the influencers don’t take over and snap can provide unique content I think they’ll be set for a while.
Check out the action on ROKU. WTF.

&#x200B;

Might be a good entry point
Me, up 50%
I thought Ohio was a Parish! TIL
Sold TSLA at the top fk yeah
The same hardos who were shitting on NIO when it had one bad day
NZ just spent the last 2 years destroying their economy in complete lockdowns

Decimated

They were so proud of having zero cases LOL

They finally get it under control against last week after more stupid lockdowns and BOOM first vaccine is announced

All their glory and covid snobbishness rendered moot in seconds
when do i hop off ddog
Marked to reply when earnings send the stock to the fucking noon.
I want to lose everything on amc, advice?
Damn I’m already up so much on all this NIO I’m wondering if I should just take some profit to avoid the risk
Wishing I’d sold some butterflys on RKT before earnings. It’s literally exactly where it closed before ER.
Fuck I sold my 45 and 42 calls for NIO at 45.90 right before it decides to skip over 46 to 47. Now I know what its like to be a retard lol
En masse pump attempt
amateur, should be 69 minutes and 420 seconds.
Thanks 🤖
[deleted]
Yah. This is problematic for my theory. If XPEV goes to like 60. I’m fucked. NIO will go to XPEV’s market cap on earnings. Rn XPEV is half NIO, suggesting NIO Will fall to 25 or so on earnings. But if XPEV gets really high... the NIO cut will be smol
Oof
Went to a car show last Saturday. Someone had a fisker. White guys were all over it. The rich looking kind of white.
Should’ve yolod my life savings into Xpeng FDs
true, but depends on exp
Nio has a bigger market than xpeng. But xpeng is backed by Alibaba. Both are good, if you want to be safe, id go with nio because they can compete against tesla. However, out of the  3 ev stocks from China. Dont ever choose li. Li is just hyped affed by nio and xpeng. They will be the top 2 against tesla in the future.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm holding Tesla, Fisker and Nio and I'm feeling like MONEY
Hopefully they do the same with LI
Out of day trades...
Are electric vehicles making panties drop yet? That’s when I’ll invest.
QQQ triple top before 11am - look out below!!!
NIO is crazy
XPEV +21% 

NIO AT LEAST NEED AT +15% now at 9.2%
[deleted]
[deleted]
My money is on they will unless you are holding weeklies.
[removed]
I made $10K yesterday with SPY puts and that was like a $2 dip lol
That's not how taxes work
Lol who downvoting again?
I bet only 10% of nio "investors" know this.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** How the economey could look like under biden

**URL:** https://redd.it/jswpw4
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jswpw4) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Dudeonfire22, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
grey_monkey
CallsOnAlcoholism
Damn Rkt’s day chart looks like someone’s trying to keep it down but it keeps going up anyway
# XPENG GOING RETARD STOOPID
Tuesday
Is this against the rules? It shouldn’t be. If it is let me know
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
hahaha indeed sir
So you sold everything and bought tesla. Sweet. 800c 11/13
Lowest volume candle on NIO since open is 4 million. Jim Cramer in shambles
He gets cold hot dogs while he waits in the car.
Oh yeah for sure. I mean if NKLA can hit 70 while not actually making anything, surely NIO will get there soon.
sq hitting 185 eod?
Why is that?
Holy XPEV
Sold 5 weeklies at 46 strike. Going to get back in after lunch dip to 46ish.
[deleted]
Right up to earnings
So sell one...
source?
Calling all wsb autists. 

Get out your JPow memes.

That is all.
Good luck bra 🍀
Woah boy. Friend who doesn't play stocks just asked me to research a pink sheet stock for him, asked what a limit order is and how to open a Vanguard brokerage. Top is in.
100% me I'm literally retarded.
same bro, same.
[removed]
Yes please
What is all this piggy bank shit!
Bought SPY puts at open, sold em at a loss

Bought SPY calls.. near the top? 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
My retarded FDs I got for pennies are starting to move a little. Holding some 11/13 55c for shits and giggles
Definitely before. If it hits $50 before this weekend I'd probably exit most positions and take profit. Leave a few open so you don't FOMO if it hits $55 or something stupid on Monday
Are you bullish on earnings?
720s,  458, and Cayman GT4
Only if you sell before earnings.
IV crush my dude, it’s barely worth the stress right now lol
Sounds good, you think retard strength goes through tomorrow?
Perma ban
NIO gotta to drop so I can load up more...
Scalped nio amd and pton. Missed on ba. Anyone else have some success today!?
Ive got 8 contracts P354 11/18
Tards win for once
Scared money don't make money you cowards. KEEP HOLDING
I honestly couldn't imagine being a fucking bear and not buying this shit when it was 40 like 2 days ago
Xpeng broke 40
Me too
So...NIO jus gonna keep climbin like that?
NIO TO TENDIES TOWN!!! 48 by noon?!
No news, I think it is just selling off after a solid gain yesterday.

Probably just algo bullshit trying to flush. If you are long definitely don't sell, if you were in a swing trade IDK, where the fuck they are heading right now...

I was hoping it would hold $65 but it looks like it isn't having a good time
we live to die another day
JFC do I fomo into NIO
Dont be caught bag holding nio on Friday
Can spy hurry up and dump that way I can cash these puts and short NIO?
Yes sir. Calls is infinite gains with limited losses!
Why the NET drop?
Ban
I own way too much OSTK what do you think will happen there?
They need to add more call strike options on XPEV...
Apple isn't gonna do that over the next year
You mean the one where NIO is dependent on third party manufacturing while XPEV mimics tesla with a full stack manufacturing setup? NIO doomed at the mercy of random manufacturers in communist China.
NET better
150 EOY? breh
NIO is the best stock ever created in human history
yes this is me id like to sell .5 contract
NIO is sucking up air, as soon as reality reasserts itself NIO will go to 30 and TSLA to 500.
Rich forever.....
I need some real fucking answers
Eventually, someone will be right and will feel like god when they make $200 on SPY puts.
Fuckin Robinhood and the stupid reversed up and down button. Now I have a put and a call on nio and they’re cancelling each other out. Now that’s retarded.
Anyone jump into XPEV this morning?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh nooo, INTL!! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
IDK whats more stupid. Their app or  the fact that you are using it.
LETS GOOOOO
XPEV BROKE 40! NIO GONNA GAP UP SOON
I mean given TSLA‘s price/sales ratio NIO has some room to run marketcap wise
This is the way
I don't think her boyfriend likes seafood.
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO = DIAMOND HANDS ONLY !!!!
[deleted]
It’s still full of retard strength
Yes, just one that tends to grow 20-30% annually
r-r-right?
[deleted]
Probably gonna take profit on one call and let the other ride for LI ER
If that’s not a tell idk what is..
I called it ❌🧢
TSLA up 0.16%... cute
262% volume on XPEV today vs daily avg

It’s going to run to 45
Next few years. Sell and become on of the « I sold Tesla at 50 » people
Ass to mouth is safer than government bonds 

- warren buffet
People don’t think he can win his first term either. Often times the 🤡s are the real smart. Wallstreet is dumb
This is fucking lame god damn I want some action
Nice entry point. Better one a couple days ago
Stocks I'm curious about: LMND, OSTK, TLT
lol why are nio premiums barely up ?
see yall at 10am pst . ill be taking my break to check my NVIDIA 65 calls expiring tmo
I can’t believe you retards were right for once about NIO


When I look on robinhood though, it shows the cost to be $21.05 
Why is that updating
[deleted]
Thank you Nio
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Drunk

**URL:** https://redd.it/jswp9y
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jswp9y) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/thinkpadX290, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
thinkpadX290
wearablewing
cafenegroporfa
ChiefLegalOfficer
CallsOnAlcoholism
Nio might go up tbh, look at xpev today after their earnings :c
people with NIO leaps what are we doing for earnings on nov 17th? worried about iv crush even though i think nio will be 60 eom and 150+ eoy
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
RTX will announce that they are transmitting the coronavirus vaccine via satellite through their newly acquired Blue Canyon Technologies. Buy now
More than doubling for sure.
PLTR about to pop
Yea it’s a real dick move to suggest the most obvious play of year to the fam so they get tendies too. 

I wouldn’t care how he spent his savings(inheritance) if he actually knew how to make money, rather than letting it dissipate into thin air.
okay i bought 1 share. 🚀🚀
You're doing *something* right.
$XPEV BOOM 45+ INCOMINGGGG DONT SELL. HOLD
Meh. I have seen many in person. They are as ugly as Tesla
can't believe a financial institution in bank of america with merryl edge has such a shitty trading app. Many many times worse than robinhood, it's not even close.
Grwg
All you nio bears can suck a big fat cock
At this point it's not investing,  its donating
🥭 is eyeing on starting a digital media empire to take on FOX. Puts on FOX corp.
And if they don’t, we crash. I’m scared. Don’t wanna push my luck
NIO 🚀🚀🚀
Would you rather be whipped to build a pointy house of the dead in the desert?
SPY you’ve put up a good fight but can you just drill already
It did as you were typing this lol
Hold nio, trust the process
There’s always another meme stock. Secure some gains. Sell half let the rest ride
Shhhs guys guys. NIO got my dick rock hard without Viagra
The things I'd do to have my shit stocks perform like NIO, SQ, ZM, TSLA etc. 

Here's me cucking with 5% gains after 2 months while these fuckers are up 500%+ in a year.
Need some lockdown news
[deleted]
pins?
Yeah, but really anything liquid and narrow bid-ask will work.
Moon?
Remember TSLA from 2014 to 2019? Looks like it lost it's glory days. People are now buying NIO, XPEV etc.

Exact quote from my friend "Why would I buy TSLA that barely moved in last 70 days spending over 400 bucks? I would rather buy 10 shares of NIO that is increasing every week"

Note: He bought TSLA at $493 and waiting for over 2 months to break even so that he can get out.
Have you seen AAPL
Is LI 40 c nov 20 a good play or IV would slaughter me?
NIO UPGRADES INBOUND...
CHADSDAQ*
See this is where the tasteless racism is over the top enough to circle back to funny.
Shitcoin 👀
Nio moon mission have started
Why all the hate for PING?
> 1 month of lockdown

Where is any evidence at all that a 1 month lock down doesn't cause a bleed of every sector, complete annihilation of the service-industry, and increasing unemployment for the next year?  The first lockdown did fuck all to help any of that.
Yo mama in the bunker.
Buy?
$300+ easy. Prolly $400.
Strike? Truly NIO is a guaranteed win if you are in LEAPS. Just don’t fucking sell. Average down if it gives you the opportunity
👋 This Nio slot machine just keeps printing
its a risky buy imo cuz china but just keep a close eye on it and this sub lmfao
sqeeaak

Attention attention tsla please report to room 396 immediately, you gonna get a whoopin. thank you
Can any of you retards provide me a reason not to sell NIO rn?
Just...eww
There was a time i was right about a few trades. Now im wrong about every trade.
[deleted]
pretty standard shakeout, the people who sold will be buying back at 2x the price after earnings while telling themselves they were smart for taking profits
Damn I don’t check my phone for an hour and NIO hits 47. Time to take profits.
iVe SeEn ThE w0Lf oF wALl StReEt
NIO sell before earnings
What is a DD
any reason for it?
All I know is what robinhood says which is November 24th, they have been wrong before
XPENG 40
timing the market - checked out
I'll probably just play NIO shares until earnings
idk, i’m in for shares and not options so i’m thinking with the way things are going, i can just hold through a dip because eventually it’ll hit 50
All you have to do is compare their factories.
140 by Jan would be super goochi. I have 165 & 175c for next Oct.
good morning
NIO NEW ATH HERE WE GO ! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
XPEV wow.
# XPENG GOING DUMMY STOOPID
[deleted]
Here’s the only DD you guys will ever need: Whenever Trump (Dump) mentions the market, we dump. But whenever Biden (Buyden) mentions the market during his Presidency, we will pump. 

GG, easy.
Taking profits? Delusional for this sub I suppose...
NIO 52$ EOD
[deleted]
Yeah, and if they beat NIO will jump again.
All right guys-what’s making money in the casino today?
I was hoping to buy PLTR lotto put after a day of pumping but puts too pricey now. Long term call/share holders you Gucci. November expiring calls OTM you are probably effed in da A. Trim your position at the very least while IV is high.
just yolo'd ACB calls, am i retarded
Bro. Huge gains on the run up no doubt. 

THE ONLY FLAW IN MY ARGUMENT IS IF THE MARKET JUMPS XPEV TO 70+ TO MATCH NIO MARKET CAP. 

That... would fuck me.
PLTR BABY
I smell a sell off. It’s too quiet.
That’s every day. You can see every time RKT pumps at all there’s bag holders from the last earnings run dumping their stake lol. It’s going to eventually make its way back to the 25 range i think.
most people here are doing retards

&#x200B;

edit: I meant to say most people here are doing weeklies but the point is the same
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** It’s time.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsw753
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsw753) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/specialk3, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
specialk3
CallsOnAlcoholism
Yup probably bud
Forgot got to check the iv before I bought my baba calls. It's up a percent and my calls are at 0%. Gotta love  that. F
I'm picking up cheap ass weed weeklies. ACB, APHA

Also have a lot of stock in APHA
NET low key drilling right now
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Just today?
I have 35 12/18 25 calls
What do you trade divergences on? SPY?
put call ratio on QQQ is 2.2 today

this is laughable and I've been saying it all week

short squeeze on the CHASDAQ to new ATH 

then once p/c ratio flips we'll see the depths of hell
Imagine not being balls deep in FSR, it's like the white people NIO.
J. Pow aka Prince Green
SAME BROTHER LETS FUCKIN GOO
tempted. but all things considered it could be big over the next few days
Hello MSFT 220, my old friend. My, how long we haven't seen each other.
Cant wait for the next $plits
good thing I got out of my NIO calls yesterday
Sold them already but here's my history.
 https://imgur.com/gallery/FGRrsSQ
Who tf pays off their college tuition? Buy some cars and some bitches man
Dont we all..... after yesterday and still fuck all 😭
[deleted]
One of the most shorted stocks since the election, when those positions close watch for a huge squeeze.  Autists will scream BABA MOONING ON NO NEWS lol.
Got out of nio and grabbed rkt calls. It’s about to MOON today and tomorrow
Me. And you.
Sounds like you missed out on the easy money train
If you’re Gonna hold em.
aye bears i heard some of your homies hang out in Antarctica, rent's pretty cheap there
How we feel about MARA?
What if I get some retarded ass move like ZM 400? It’s so autistic it might work
11/17
Hopefully. You don't have the risk of expiring worthless like options so holding is what I would do. I have a few shares as well and 50 is looking really really likely
I know lol specially when they are meme material like nio😂😂 but it’s over that so you need to raise
RIP $ZM 2020-2020
Thanks, waffl3s
Got 2 cocky on the AMZN puts puts bros....pray for me
Sold my weeklies for over 200%. Prolly jump into a month out around 1-2.
r/antstreetbets
40C 11/20 by EOD tomorrow if I can hold out.
Tru
Way too early
PLTR end of day reversal coming
Capitalism is fucking stupid. Making absurd amounts of money pushing buttons on a phone?!? Still gonna ride this NIO wave though 🤑
Yeahhh I think because time decay I prob need Apple to moon to like 140 by January to break even
Yes, better metaphor
XPEV break $40 today and the gates will open to tendie town.
Guys he's got a point here
Legit DD. Yolo ebay 70c by end of nov.
Hey I appreciate it! Cheers
it's too far ITM, so there's not much volume against it. price will only update when a bid or ask changes.

edit: it might also just be your brokerage, Robinhood is showing the spread at 20.90-21.15 atm.
[deleted]
God damn my single ply tissue paper hands
Apple is officially a value boomer stock.  Need to increase their dividend.
Everyone who has NIO is playing LI
Tiktok shit
Holding both XPEV and NIO over the weekend and selling before earnings might not be a bad idea. After today, both may run up together on monday
I welcome my New Chinese EV overlords
You selling any before earnings? I figure I may as well hang on, people are probably shorting the hell out of this and could push it even higher. Think i should just never sell anything because I sold half when it was at 22... like a clown without a crystal ball.
[removed]
Bought back in this morning. Also bought $ROPE as a hedge in case this goes bad.
If my penis wasn't just flaccid and useless, like al dente lasagna noodles, I'd ask BABA to suck on it.
Don’t be stupid
Lunch dip soon boys. Trade accordingly
Goddamn TSLA you suck, had some hope there
When is earnings again?
Sell a covered call
Lol.
now that's some next-level fear mongering!

Slow bleed of every sector, complete annihilation of the service-industry, increasing unemployment for the next year.... or 1 month of lockdown. It's a fairly obvious choice to make, you rip the band-aid off instead of complaining your feelings will be hurt by mandated social distancing. 

Bruh, this country can't even wear masks correctly.
is earnings confirmed as next week?  or is that speculation
Anyone going bigly on PLTR earnings?
Sell that shit and buy your wife a nice seafood dinner
NIO $200+ NEXT WEEK.
I alway play spy on my day trades but I’m a 🤡
Have a job that pays more than minimum wage
[removed]
I'm seeing resistance around mid 350's over the last few months, I have puts all over November. If I lose, i'm going into December. If I win, i'm rolling into December too.
Jesus Christ
It's always a good time for PLTR shares
RKT very abnormal today.
Buy puts right now figgit
they sold cars
who's jumping out of NIO?
just know that traps arent gay
It’s on a fucking pogo stick lmao
At least $30,001
I got 5/2021 and 1/2023 so I’m good, don’t care about earnings playin this further out
ouch
[deleted]
Anyone playing LI ?
PLTR TAKE MY ENERGY COME ON
Just sold my nio 50c 11/20. It will probably keep going but profit is profit
RIP NIO bears scared straight
so you're saying i should sell my shares and buy calls? bet
Any news why it's up?
https://www.direxion.com/product/moonshot-innovators-etf
WE RICH!
Yeah, with some smart stop losses it works for both long and short positions. Maybe I'm too green at this to experience my first day trading disaster though lol
Fucking hell I’ve got almost $300 in 34p 11/13 on SNAP. 🤣
This is the way.
Take the god damn fucking profits you greedy pigs... so fucking pissed with the price action lately. It is clearly that the market is bullish and this bullshit market still pumps
This is the way
honestly who sold me those calls, idiot.
I miss when this shit was on easy mode.  Now it's traps left and right
\>*Checks out this new MOON ETF and largest holding is NIO*

I'm thinking **highly based**
#ship of fools
[removed]
Stairs up, rickshaw down
:(
And I'm back to staring at 47, willing it to be 48.
This is the WAY
Waiting for it
Yassss niooo
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** My DD on $WWE.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jswfa3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jswfa3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/CanWeDanceHere, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CanWeDanceHere
CallsOnAlcoholism
NIO fanboys at this point are just disgruntled folks who missed out on TSLA's run and are praying that NIO is the next TSLA  


NIO is bootleg TSLA. TSLA will hit $1000 before NIO hits $100
I’m so glad I held NIO
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
What's it like being this miserable in life?
upvote if mentally handicapped
Good time to buy PLTR shares??
Our gains kamrade
I think he was watching The Matrix
If i’m in for shares and not options on NIO, is there any reason to cash out instead of just holding through a dip until it goes back up? It will eventually pass 50 no matter what right?
Looks like this P&D is up 1.25%. Hmmmm
Not complaining but why fsly mooning but why?
Sure. What'd you buy today?
This pump is Fugazi.   Zero sustained buying pressure.
Is this a pissing contest?
then no one buys your call
Sorry I don’t speak bear
I was promised to get rich quick on WSB, I trust these idiots with my life
I feel like a cup and handle is forming, I have calls waiting to see if the price will go back up above 80 in the next few weeks
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   45.0|4.95|5.0|4.97|2.06|140.922%


NIO 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 10 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1yqy5&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Man I should’ve just put everything into NIO Smh
Who yall got this week at Augusta?
[deleted]
Rotation back onto meme stocks complete
Sorry that was a typo. 

“I meant to say you end up with a population of people that think masks don’t hinder the spread of infection
I need a BABA moonshot
 NIO 45C 11/20...when you selling boys? Before or after earnings.
Comon, you should know that when a high price target is set, the stock moves towards it quickly
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SNAP   42.0|0.48|0.49|0.5|0.4|65.514%


SNAP 42.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1yq1q&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[removed]
Guys. I’m spamming this so hard I’m gonna get banned. But I love you guys so:


Everyone holding NIO calls rn. Congrats. Big fatty juicy gains. Proud of you, son. 

BUT SELL THAT SHIT BEFORE EARNINGS. **NIO DOES NOT DESERVE 2X MARKET CAP OF XPEV**. 


YOUVE BEEN WARNED

**I HOLD NIO CALLS. IM MAKIN STACKS. ITS NICE. VETTTTTTY NICE. BUT IT WILL BE CUT IN HALF ON EARNINGS TO MATCH XPEV MARKET CAP BASED ON REVENUE, MARGINS, CARS ON ROAD, ETC.**
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VERI   12.5|0.85|1.1|1.0|0.08|97.225%


VERI 12.5C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1ypnx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
The fact that he literally just copy pasted a 2day old article as DD and it got upvoted speaks volumes about WSB
no way in hell it’s gonna crash soon
March, does it matter though? 5/21 is what I’m holding, light re-enter after earnings dip tomorrow
LYFT selloff soon?
Except this company is going bankrupt in the next 5-10 years. 

If it wasn't for their deal with Microsoft, would've been even less.
SNAP hasn’t let me down yet. Like to get in cheap at 1DTE. Friday usually spikes then drops so be prepared to sell around the pre noon high. Bought SNAP 42C 11/13
Same lol 115% on 11/13 13p
Cause I'm a pussy and don't do options  


EDIT: Think big, don't worry about the day to day. Choose a company you love and keep adding to it. It's really not complicated. Also stay off WSB!
$aapl about to moon
Its nice, but dont forget to lose it before you gotta pay 40% taxes on it ;)
Got out of nio good luck autists I’ll be back
This is where I get all of my stock information. I spent my entire tenure using data from 4chan and reddit to make my financial decisions.
VERI 12/18 $12.50C
Might as well make some money off DCMA bullshit + stock has PLTR hype lately, hoping it becomes a meme stock.
My rapper name is Lil Diamond Dick
We mooning into next week
Die nio you piece of shit. Going back to $20 hope you scrubs take some profits
BOTH BABY
Woke up late an missed out on 700$ gain fuck
DIS buying AMC
wendys
Well thanks. I made a lil over 2k this morning before 10am. 

Long day at the office.
When I see stocks like NIO that's when I know this is all just a simulation.
No you didnt
Kazaa gang represent!
Should I sell my NIO shares for leap calls ?
[deleted]
Which is 69x2 days before musk birthday 🍰
Same boat man I bought some leaps for next year and was looking for ROPE a few weeks ago
[deleted]
Probably bought high
Looks like it is up an add'l 0.75%
Fuck pltr buy nio
Why's that?
Just happy to see others in this sub gaining off plug
11/20 40c lottos??
Nah. Tree-fitty
Going even deeper and longer in PLTR if this shit hits $10 again
It’s happening rn buy while you can
Already in.  This one’s gonna be yuge.
Want more comments like this TBH
[deleted]
Pltr = moon
How
I was down almost 100% on my NIO 11/13 call yesterday, and managed to walk out +50% just now, fucking roller coaster.
[deleted]
Sell covered calls against them forever
Who is buying Spy at these levels?
What if no one wants my call?
BA anyone?
Stfu
Good vibes. I’ll be lurking in this sub for now until Feb. officially banned by RH
nope
Taking some NIO tendies tonight and hitting the neighborhood 😑 massage parlor. Giving back
Reminds me of the SPCE run up last February. Every other comment was SPCE.
Shut up already
I hope so lol...
Lol it’s actually wild that we all know this dip is temporary and NIO will continue to spike in a couple minutes. LETS GOOOO
JKS is the wildest ride i have ever been on
Nio looking strong. Macro looks very weak. Waiting for a macro pullback which should bring Nio back down to earth before the next moonshot
Nooooo bro. I have calls up 70%. I’m just closing this week. Calls are the OBVIOUS play right now. But for the love of god this shits going to 35 on earnings. I’ll make a post with my 100 comments warning you all.
We're just shaking weak hands out right now, wait for that next leg up to 48$!🚀
Bro. Positions or ban. Don’t post gains without positions.
this aged well 💰
ive been refreshing for a ps5 forever and no luck
wasted enough time and $ on it
1 share of TSLA last year, ez
[deleted]
NIO go up up cuz GYNA
I think I’m more retarded than this market
Imagine buying puts at $40 lmfao
Meanwhile XPEV is climbing 🧗‍♀️
That's a steady ramp upwards...wtf are you doing here? Oh and congrats.
Strategies?
Bought 2550 shares at $2.80, sold 2500 later at about the same price. Those 50 shrares still haunt me in my account. My pulse is at 120 from writing this. Could've really changed my life.
Cant wait. Very undervalued on sales compared to XPENG and NIO.
tO tHe mOoN bRuH
It really works well doesn't it?
no QQQ you're so sexy go back up bae
wtf its up 2% lmfao
How dare you! My family built this country btw.
46.70 NIO sale!!!
Should I sell my 11/20 calls before end of today
UNITE!!!
9% NIO lmao
r/smallstreetbets
This is exactly what my 💎🤚 like to see.
Bought nio at the top. AMA
You guys can read more than headlines?
Hold onto ICLN 25c for January?
Quadruple top on SPY lol release your fucking iron condors damn it
BUY  
THE 
DIP
NIO
YW son, only down 10K YTD. On the plus side, I’m up 4.5 K this year. Could be more.
[deleted]
What FDs are y’all considering buying the rest of this week?
Nah, maybe down to 13, but will go back up over time
Zoom dyd
Living in a VAN down by the RIVER!
60's and 62's. Pay your respects below.
take profits here
Theta wins again
if you're going into 2021/2022 with the calls, I'd hold
Position or ban
I feel like ever since I actually learned what RSI divergences were I haven't had a single losing day
To the window or to the wall 🛫🏦🛬
Delusional
yeah, no way its going below $400 again unless theres more covid restrictions. They'll keep scaling and it'll keep growing but for now untill next earnings call $410- $440 for sure. 

&#x200B;

Then one day we'll wake up to its inclusion in the S&P 500 AND BOOM $500 $600 +
I’m from the country of Ohio. Is that one of the USA provinces?
Might sell EOD. Idk if I wanna gamble on LI ER
SOL is crushing
Mine is MC crippling financial losses
ugh Zoom you were doing so well
I watch this 10 times a day a least.
Don't mouse
Only down 70% now on my long AAPL calls. There is hope
The peoples republic will now short squeeze any american hedgefund or 🌈🐻 to death attempting to bet against Nio,xpeng,and LI
Long live the peoples republic 🇨🇳🇨🇳
Buy longs. Everyone’s waiting to see how this new Chinese antitrust thing plays out.
Lol what? It’s ripping today
Play with what you got
Somebody go make NIO dump real quick so I can buy back in
[deleted]
Yes, I'm up 40%
How does one become rich like you?
Ahh yes the Dunning–Retard effect
[deleted]
[deleted]
Time to exit NIO. Get out while the number is green! Don’t be stupid!
Very cool thank u Mr. Fisker
[deleted]
[deleted]
PLTR oh no!!
The reason for market dumping is white supremacy. If you buy puts you are literally Hitler
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
QQQ   300.0|1.28|1.3|1.3|0.12|22.78%


QQQ 300.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1yefd&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
Tomorrow is going to be as red as all hell. State lockdown announcements are coming because sleepy joe is influencing it
NIO Diamond Hands?💎🤚🏻
Bro I'm in the exact same situation as you lol. I was down 70% but now 50% with nio calls. I like to think I graduated from wsb university and it's time for some real gains now
Everyone who held NIO calls from the last couple of days deserves this beautiful day today 🥺
It also literally doesn't matter because you aren't buying FDs and are smarter than me and this entire sub lol. I'm just tryna break even on my 50 calls for tomorrow and by break even i mean gamble and double like a moron
Sounds like QQQ 300c 11/20
Selling my January calls on Monday before ER. May buy some cheap straddles so I don't miss out on a big swing in either direction
Got BABA leaps - not adding but just letting the position run - will check back in a month :)
WSB can actually be useful
Dumped a nice load when corona happened. I love loads.
Thank you Childish Gambino
yeah baby, xpeng gonna lift nio today; li gonna lift nio tomorrow; nio gonna lift nio next week HEHEHE
[https://i.imgur.com/NuVPJyA.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/NuVPJyA.jpg)


Anyone know why that $31 call seems to be frozen?  The value hasn't changed all morning. Could it be because of the call I wrote against one of my long calls(poor man's covered call)?
Buy nio now at 47 nio close today at 50-52

Sell for free tendies, where else do you get this kind of deal
**PSA: LI has ER tomorrow PM**
MOON ETF. IT WAS MADE FOR WSB. THIS IS THE BEGINNING
CMON BABA do what you’re hot sister NIO is doing. You a freak too.
Who’s holding DKNG through earnings?
Amen. Same situation here, it's nice to see it happening. Next time it's out turn
fuck you i bought at 40
CASH OUT CASH OUT IT WILL GO TO XPEV’s MARKET CAP ON EARNINGS
Zoom has been dead to me yesterday, that fake drop costed me $600 only to jump 2 hrs later. My and ZM enemies now.
Did you hold?
[deleted]
Omg haha where is the listing of their investments
end of day predictions for NVIDIA. 560??
Fuck you Pton. I should be up right now.
But thats not gambling, that implies the possibility of "investing"..... r/investing ------> is that way
All of your optimism scares me so I will inverse the inverse and hold. Thanks idiots!!!
35* after earnings. It will be cut to XPEV’s market cap. How do people not see this.
Damn spy. You gay
Why are my fsr calls that expire in may only up $20 goddamnit
Still down 40% on my baba leaps but at least my dip buying has turned me green for the week
lmao gotta buy cheap to lock em those gains
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/AdamCaveRoberts the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
-	Xpeng - 20% day
-	Li - 15% day
-	Nio - ???
they were directly listed you little circus monkey
My rapper name is Young FOMO
[deleted]
go back to [r/investing](https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/)
You got it!
AMZN is so fucking boring
[deleted]
Anyone here have SNAP leaps?
has anyone heard of this NIO stonk? might be a good one
Not profits until you sell. NIO will be the same marker cap as XPEV come earnings.
Never feel bad about tendies. Patience and get back in
Do you not think that consumers being able to go out back to their businesses would net them the advantage to buy more corsair products especially because remote working is now going to be quite main stream many main source companies like Google Microsoft and Apple have turned their temporary remote workers to permanent simply because it’s cheaper to have your employees stay home to do office work instead of renting out a $200 million a year office

And not to mention if you’re going to be working from home you might get into playing games from your home computer and if you do then you might as well deck out the thing that you’re spending the most time I mean you’re sitting at your desk working from there eight hours a day or whatever at least personalize the fucking thing
You forgot to circle your TSLA V-Shaped recovery.
never ever using merryl edge to trade options ever again in my life
Shouldve bought 300 XPENG shares instead. Have fun waiting for that stock to move over 420.
U must be the angry retarded one without calls, sorry bro maybe next time
I like where BA is going
Nothing beats laying in bed on masters week , making money on my iPhone. AND I have COVID
Great idea
Hmmm tough choice I might just get 1 call and some shares
You got balls, it’s hitting $48 today. I just sold on the biggest spike they had today right before the small dip. I’m too much of a pussy to keep holding until expiration tomorrow.
wake up NIO!!
i was watching that too
Till February 10th. It is 69 days before 4/20
🍾
I sold at 38.5 and I have regreta
Yeah that’s one year target u know that right?
Some people don't care about $4,300.
Do not sell
Wouldn’t blame you
Try it
Makes sense. Luckily I am laddering my buys
Ok, good. I keep seeing parenthesis on the earnings and keeps making me nervous
Mods please hold this man accountable
Seeing resistance in the upper 350's on SPY over the last few months
Xpeng literally lifting Nio with their earnings
ZM what u doing bb
Brooooo no. Buy short dated calls and profit off this pump. It’s going to 35 or whatever XPEV is at on earnings. It’s the same as XPEV.
thank you for your service
Bought 140 shares of Barrick

Yeah yeah I know, “go back to r/investing”
Let me guess, NIO calls are up, and AMC calls fucked you in the ass long dick style
[deleted]
>Are you dumb? FUD for 8 months or rip the bandaid with a 1 month lockdown immediately. Geee i wonder whats better.

You are actually mentally deficient. Congratulations for missing the next reply to your idiocy. 

Its ok, I know you're just arguing in bad faith and don't actually have that opinion.
tsla's been under the radar for 2 months now... time to get IN???
[deleted]
Still going. Glad I got in yesterday.
Don’t mind me just been watching NIO since 27 because I keep thinking it’s going to pop
They need to try and get people to buy calls. If it just goes down all day everyone will buy puts and MM’s will lose their asses
Just sell like half
Hold you say???
Selling xpev is tempting but I know that as soon as I sell, it's gonna shoot up.
What is that, like the tenth V-shaped recovery of the week for GME?
Not taking advice from someone who writes "their" as "they're"
ZM ded?
Stop hit on NIO calls :( profit is profit
The Simulation is almost Complete
But what if it just moons harder after earnings
Hold it will be 70 by 12/11
PLTR DIP OFFICIALLY OVER. RAKE TIME
until we break 272 I wont believe it
Aiight you degenerates, I’m outta here. Took a beating yesterday and took my PDT restriction today on RH on NIO weeklies. I’ll see you suckers in Feb.
Exp?
NIO is up today. Do you have like 48-hr delayed quotes or wtf?
>free money from basically just parking it in SPY or VOO

Only if America doesn't shit the bed or China takes over the world. Gotta put some of that $$$ into ¥¥¥ to hedge your bets.
LETS GO NIO 🚀🚀🚀
I’m looking at Feb calls, after Chinese New Year
Y’all check out MOON etf. Literally all the wsb meme stocks in one package. This was made for us.
bro stop i know i am special haha. either way hope you are making some tendies off nio!!
Buy PLTR or wait after earnings
SPY on that moon mission to 357.50
Everyone holding NIO calls rn. Congrats. Big fatty juicy gains. Proud of you, son. 

BUT SELL THAT SHIT BEFORE EARNINGS. **NIO DOES NOT DESERVE 2X MARKET CAP OF XPEV**. 


YOUVE BEEN WARNED
Yes god yes
It has its wings but I promise you every week it has another all-time high just look at the chart
[deleted]
said a guy yesterday, and the day before...
[deleted]
I’m a wet 🧻🙌🏼 little bitch
Must have been good. My last two offers orders havent been accepted
that dream faded fast...imagine that

only 48 more days til 1,000,000 robo taxi tsla on the road...LOOOOOOL
Hey nvda can you crash for 2 seconds
Let's check back in at the close..
If we play checkers together, then you ain’t black.
FSR be like 🍆
Reason behind this NET dump?
[removed]
Scared money don't make money, diamond hands baby
I bought XPEV when it IPO'd at an average of $21 and sold at a small loss. AMA
Absolutrly but if this keeps memeing today it's going up more so you take an extra 10%. Doesn't really matter at the end of the day tho.
What in the market-manipulating-fuck is this
I can’t decide whether to sell NIO right now 🥴
Holding until $0 lol. You should just delete this post
[removed]
TA analysis, LOL
It will find the ceiling, rejection and back down. Hated that shit as a bull but just keep waiting and our tendies will print this afternoon 🐻 🌈
This was obvious. Did anyone really think Republicans would start giving a fuck?
You dumbass rh users really gonna make nio $50 tomorrow
Buy the DIP!! It dip from 47.2 to 46.84
BA puts
Disney is going to rocket AH. Earnings. They're relatively new CEO is going heavy in digital and pivoting from parks, even for the long term. I'm thinking new movies will be released often and on a better schedule in lieu of theaters. All this and more gives Wall Street conviction to give them a tech multiple. Disney's footprint is real.  

150 AH
Don't waste your money. Chinese companies stocks might be delisted from US stock exchange soon.

Edit : Sorry but e.g just look at Luckin Coffee Inc (frabricated sales figures), I dont trust thier figures. I'll pass and pay for my own college.
[deleted]
They also just released standalone PCs over at their origins subsidiary instead of just laptops
Bullish on ttoo
Mods, please do not delete, this is quality
Baba on its way back up
Congrats and fuck you
Just bought some 11/27 $48 NIO Calls. There's no way we don't pass 50 by or during next week.
I seriously want everyone that was bitching about NIO spam all week to show themselves. 

You literally missed out on easy money because you didn’t follow the volume.
I already did chief
That is my favorite conspiracy theory
Imagine selling NIO at 39🤡
NIO 60 BEFORE EARNINGS 100 AFTER EARNINGS AND 150 BY EOY LETS GO
There will be a monster sell-off this afternoon. Just wait for the shutdowns to really start rolling
Remember to sell out on NIO before earnings, replace those calls with short-term puts and get back on the train to tendies town once it bounces back towards the moon.
11/20 80c wishing a breakout
Appreciate the love brother. 🙏🏽
Should I double down on my NIO calls during this dip?
Got in for the first time with that dip. You love to see it.
I ran out of day trades on my measly <25K account so I'm just watching you guys make money
Abe said it best:
https://i.imgur.com/AcArgfg.jpg

Kid will be fine. World seemed quite scary when we grew up in the “information/internet highway that will radicalize the world!”
IV is pretty high. NIO and QCLN shares are the move
y’all i’m getting kinda iffy about NIO ngl thinking i might cash out
Just in case some didnt tell you, this board is full of retards.  A more accurate depiction of yolo is kamikaze and you will die.
Would also like to know except mine is for 1/15/2021
When it hits 150
XPEV up $6 .... nio heading to hold 47
About to sell my pltr longs for nio fds 😂😂😂
Jesus man pls go green into tomorrow
I became a bear for one day and now I’m scrambling
Fuck yes
Seriously. Whole sub is gonna eat for the first time in WSB history
Operation nio has just begun
The put's value is mostly tied to the time value that far out I thought?
NIO Megathread - 11/12/20
My rule is to sell half my stake at 30% Just playing it safe. Or you can just pull out your initial investment and leave the gains to trade
Holding till EOD.. if it reaches 50 at any point, thats my cue to gtfo
ZM PTON ROKU calls bring on the lockdowns
ugh everytime he speaks that isnt about printing money stonks go down
Re: Stim - the Senate won’t even acknowledge that Bdn won the election. The House saying that their plan’s baseline should restart talks is ... not going to happen. 
No Stim until January.

SPY 355 weekly puts
Your dam right motherfucker got calls myself never selling ever!!!
I guess there will never be another pull back. Straight up is completely normal now
MMs pumping tech today and then dump as soon as MRNA results come out
Not done until it hits 150
Worst feeling ever
PLTR PLTR
NIO 60 AT EARNINGS
IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING!
but XPEV changes are just more significant whether it goes up or down
True dat
LMFAOOOOO
Hold, 52 eod
To all the NIO put shills that spam everyday..... thanksgiving must be sad for you everywhere since you must be the negative Nancy of the family
Is ATVI actually doing good today
hold retard
Imagine starting every sentence with imagine like a cuck
[deleted]
It’s my birthday today
Little dip and then back to the moon
RKT slow climb back to ATH let’s go
[removed]
Same shit happened to me with xpev. Took off outta nowhere 😖
NIO boys ain't no paper handing this sht. Diamond hands this we going to eat tendies in valhalla in an hour and a half
Yes sir, I’m just sold mine today from 3 weeks ago. Keep on holding and making tendies my brother.
Yes rocket, please perform like your name
I bought 300 NIO shares at $4.75 sold at $2.98.
I sold Tesla at $340 pre split.
I sold AMD at $20.70.
I sold GM at $33. Now it is at $41.


I am opening a stock signal group for $99 a month. Just do the opposite.
First experience with weak hands. My $45 nio callas
For 11/13 weren’t looking good yesterday so I sold at .45 now up to almost $3
Hold for at least another hour, its going to be going up all day. Just keep a very constant eye on it
Lol hold those playa
im just saying smarter to buy after it sells off
You. Yes you! Don’t you even think of selling Nio at 50. You’ll regret it
I’m literally buying up February 30 calls
Yep. And Target, Walmart, Amazon. Most are doing various drops throughout the day, starting at 12pm EST. [https://twitter.com/Walmart/status/1326602787300454400](https://twitter.com/Walmart/status/1326602787300454400) Get your browser ready.
Hold man, this one is a milly maker
[deleted]
PCG ILY 😍
I fucking love NIO
I had 25 NIO January $30 calls I bought for $3 and sold for $3.42 theyre over $18 now the Pain is eating me away inside.
Sadly I only bought NIO shares at 14. Grats to the NIO tards right now.

Or the dudes who bought leaps way back when and are still holding.

GYNA! GYNA! GYNA!
Me too but I aint mad. Profit is profit
> Yes I did you moron

>Lockdowns now would be good for the economy long-term. Its a beneficial thing.

Much analysis, no name calling. GFY
The time is now 1:22 EST and spy is currently 358.22
[removed]
47 is just a quick stop
Haha stonks go brrrrrrrr
Yeah problem is my moon mission was calls expiring tomorrow lol
Buffett actually has huge holding of BYDDF that he bought in 2009. What a Chad.
If you're a pussy, just buy both
This is why Goldman Sachs is saying SPY 370 EOY. Because this Shit is literally retarded. I’m selling all these puts. Getting wrecked right now. I’m sure it’s gonna drill now.
Not until end of day. The rise is meteoric
Just bought another put in your honor
sick of watching this fucking ameripoor market dump everyday while watching NIO go up $25 in a fucking month
bro im just tryna get people to buy my calls
[deleted]
If Apple keeps going up I’m definitely buying the new MacBook with M1 chip.
Imagine not owning NIO calls
The LI fomo is real
JPow to speak at 1:45 today
This is fucking historic 🔋
With its iv the last few weeks what are odds it completely flattens out on today specifically? Especially when there’s the xpev catalyst. It’s either up or down.
LOL, no. This is just a cluttered shit show that is a bother to read right now.
It’s ripe 

Begging to get pumped
It’s 10:41 brah and it’s higher than it was all of yesterday
both honestly their price moves are directly related most of the time
Same bruh
I think holding on to NIO shares with a stop loss is better than selling covered calls now. I had to buy back for a loss every time
December
69 days and 420 minutes
For life
March or Jan? But no, they’re up in the long run, LEAPS are perfect
My NIO $50 12/11 up 30%... Do I... sell at a pro... fit? 

But seriously hold or sell.
Lol fair. But I wouldn't be fucking around with stocks all day if I wasn't a little ADD
This is the US no one cares and 99% are mild cases
Priced in like Nio
SOL is gonna break finally leggo
BLNK 11/20 $7.50p. Take it to the bank. This one is going down after earnings tonight. Load up!
Rkt is forming a xmas tree on the chart. Does that mean its going to bring us tendies?
NIO gonna keep rising until infinity
Bought more calls for 11/20 on what I hope was the lowest part of today's, and this century's, dip
I'm selling puts using my puts as collateral. I can make more money with selling puts closer to ITM
This guy is asking the real questions.
We did it, Operation NIO complete
Why walk to tendies town when you can NIO your way to tendies town
if its going to keep going up im gonna keep buying FDs. that fucking simple.
Probably shouldn’t have bet against a tech stock that follows the market and is too expensive for normies to buy. F
Anyone watching the RSI on NIO? Outrageous. (Keep going.)
Or they’re part of the ever winningTheta Gang 💰
[deleted]
😂
I knew I shoulda rolled my NIO calls over right away instead of waiting for a pullback.

THERE IS NO PULLBACK ON THIS STOCK
I've been in with 50 calls and was just gonna let them ride to zero lol
We holding NIO through earnings or selling before?
bullish
f
Yes lol. Been trying to tell you cucks
ban.
My God do I regret taking profits on NIO the last few days. Been moving in and out and sold some off this morning since I’ve been a 🐖 and been slaughtered on many occasions.....I still have calls but it hurts so deep I feel like a 🐻 on a Green Day....
tsla proved its not about m cap anymore. its 50% hype and speculation now. boomer ass nigga
4L
stay at home is back on the menu right?
The NIO FOMO is stank up in here. Get in now before 50 people, because it ain’t come back.
All aboard FSR moon rocket.
If your analysis is correct, wouldnt you get a higher ROI on guns, ammo, and beans?  In the world of gold, if you dont hold it, you dont own it.  Gold derivative trading is just speculation.
[deleted]
I wouldn’t buy nio over $2. You scrubs are gonna get smoked
Absolutely kicking myself for not buying a JD call yesterday like I was thinking
FSR you are beautiful and I love you and I want MORE
Getting out of my NIO calls next week to buy 6800xt, gotta cash out somehow am I right?
Also calls on AMD
FSR parabolic
When should you sell NIO
Leap holders shouldn’t worry about IV, right?
 NIO 48 by noon 50 EOD!!!!
Every time you upvote, NIO goes up 1 cent.
I'm sure there'll be more buying opportunities after earnings.
I'm kind of new to finance Reddit - what sub is more appropriate for this question?
NIO 48 By Noon!
Wtf is that
47 is just a warm up
Too late if you’re not in. IV high as shit
NIO love you long time
Anyone on draft kings for tomorrow ?
This is insane. We are at 150k cases a day, up over 50% in the last month. Hospitals are already overflowing. Hospitalizations and deaths lag by about a month. WAKE THE FUCK UP PEOPLE!
Is NIO just gonna keep rising until 17th?
Nope, not touching it after getting clapped up hard in October.

Not a safe play but a solid day trade scalp either puts or calls. It will go tits up at some point, high confidence
Norilsk Nickel is bullish in my opinion, good ROE ROA and an EPS of 1.81.
Fuck me I sold NIO calls when it hit $45
squaeeeakk

attention attention, zm please report to room 388 immediately...

your vaccine is ready
I think NIO just made me pregnant
They only go up folks.....
Is it better to buy a put closer to the current price? lol
Btw pltr will pump after lunch with the largest run being right before closing bell as people fomo in before earnings.
BABA 270
Not worried one bit. Nio to the moon!
Ok give the gift cards to your sibling or parents or someone you trust to give them back to you after bankruptcy if you want to be moral about it
MMs should send people that do that a free clown suit - make up and all. See it as a friendly gift to repeat customers.
Holy moly xpev
Considering buying some $SRAC Feb 2021 calls, worth it?
It’s not close man NIO
NIO 48 by tendie lunch
[deleted]
Didn't want to get IV crushed
because the only people who havent blown up their accounts are in NIO and PLTR.
I'M UP BIG!!! CONTINUE THE COUNT
I wouldn’t buy nio over $10
Then it shall be king
$FSR
NIO got me like 🤣🤣
I'm in 50 shares at 15.3
[removed]
Sell Nio buy Lamborghini
[deleted]
FOSL and BLNK gang
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/lulzseckz the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO JESUS
TSLA 420 (+.69%)
Sold apple yesterday to get into pltr can’t make a right move lately.
The first one is only free as long as you don’t know the first one is free
Agreed. Shit never fun when the market is one trump tweet away. Too fragile IMO.
Mommy don’t wake me from this dream
NIO 50 EOD. 

The FOMO is real.
Memories
Or sideways
Even if he tried, good luck with a Republican Senate.
Where were you when NIO was still under $50?
Lets push for 48$ now, and then 2 more dollars for our 50$ goal of the day
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
AMC   15.0|0.15|0.2|0.17|-0.03|95.783%


AMC 15.0C 2022-1-21 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1xm2b&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
ah, we're at this phase of the bubble.  


NIO $40 EOY
thank for your reply. I fat fingered 500 shares at open like a utter mongoloid and they immediately dropped before I could rub my eyes. Just wondered weather to sell or sit
Just bought the dip today, fingers 🤞
can I just send you my paypal info instead?
you got puts on NIO bro? want to talk about it?
ALL ABOARD BA
[deleted]
Do I sell NIO before earnings or hold through
You're absolutely right but should waited till EOD lol
Guy sensei would be proud of LI
Why yes thanks for asking I did sell my nio call at 44.50 today!
The little mini dip!!
NIO already over 100 million volume 🤯
Gshock
I hope you never see Valhalla
Schwab is messing up, anyone else have trouble with this broker?  
Order screen showing messed up values, if it even shows at all.
AMC 1/21/2022 $15c
The mini mini dip!!!
[removed]
Me a month ago: why the fuck are these helmet-wearing glue sniffers pimping NIO?

Me today:🤡
🧢
💦
Based on current pricing, Nio needs to get to $215/share to overtake Nissan as the second largest automaker in the world by market cap.  It's already sitting in the #3 spot above GM and Honda
CHWY is mine

Amazon of petfood, Becky loves not having to remember to go to the store every 2 weeks and carry large bags
You could always sell puts to average down your cost
smh RKT needs to start paying dividends with how flat its been since September
Nio hitting 50
#NIO OTW TO $100
NIO $200+ EOM.
Bruh it’s only 10:30. What are odds a stock this volatile trades flat rest of day? We’re either headed for a huge dump...or a 20% day 😳
HOLD THE LINE
I'll have you know I paid $300 for this phone
Yeah, it’s been having a tear. So many green days spanning from last week and this week. The bitch hardly stays down. Might be exiting soon just cuz it’s been wild.
Last 10 comments i read like 9 were about nio. Its like people dont realize that being late to the party just means high premiums.
Been doing that for a 3090 aorus
IV crush?
NIO earnings are Monday?
Feeling cute. Bought NIO 40p 3/21
Its worth 20$ based on fundamentals
get glasses. drink water. stonks.
Same here
Nio nio nio
damn is market flat because everyone in NIO lol
What kinda calls are you guys getting?
I’m up a shitload and refuse to take profit knowing LI is reporting tomorrow
Bought for the memes
NIO literally hitting 52 EOD
sELl hAlF aNd TAke pRoFiTS..
NIO 47!!!
47 penetration is imminent. Batten down the hatches.
ALL IN NIO CANT STOP WONT STOP
WFC is going to move up a lot
take your profits NIO-tards
people hating on nio are just people too stupid to take the free money its giving.
Imagine not buying that NVDA dip earlier this week. Free money.
Puts are far harder to hold because you have to be very nimble.  The first sign of reverasls or the threat of more good news from other vaccine companies will cause you to lose money.

I really need the market to come in 5% to give us another good entry point for the next run-up.  I hope the increased number of cases, delayed stimulus, etc. causes the market to pull back in the next week.
Fuck you aapl sold yesterday at a loss
I’m happy you retards are making money on NIO, truly. But please consider not typing something here every single time a synapse fires in your brain.
DKNG dips are getting bought up. They are at an appropriate time to go long IMO
It's a 3x ETF so I'm gonna say no. Short SPY or pick equities if you really want big gains. Careful tho stimulus is coming and all the rules have changed.
There’s never been DD on NIO lol
Anyone else sitting here tryna refresh Best Buy site for a ps5 ?
Look at the sell wall on NIO...there isn't one...

It's starting to believe...
+ LI
NIO 50 before earning easily
NIO short squeeze incoming 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Only thing keeping recovery stocks afloat is the market. If SPY dumps the floodgates will open
[deleted]
[removed]
if you still haven't gotten in on NIO and you've been on the sub every day this week, idk what to tell you
goood watch brands? except Movado, and dont say AAPL
Lol 48 BY NOON
[deleted]
Nio+xpeng =free money prove me wrong
why did i sell at 45
waiting for a nio dip, but jesus it keeps on going
[deleted]
I was thinking water wings
the tard is strong with this one... but i like it
IMO too OTM, dump and live to fight another.
47NIO BAYBEE
Nio and it’s retard strength
Nio calls to hedge from now on, every position I take I will hedge with nio calls, win-win
LETS FUCKING GOOOO!!!
Planning some options plays for tomorrow. Any recommendations!!!
NIO passing 47. Well on its way to 48 today.
NIO = retirement
Called this shit [Shutdown round 2](https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/coronavirus/biden-covid-advisor-says-u-s-lockdown-of-4-to-6-weeks-could-control-pandemic-and-revive-economy/2717833/) is bound to happen. Might just watch this covid fuckary while leaning on social media calls for a bit.
Once I learned to stop hating tesla and embrace the 420 meme my life has never been better. I now buy puts over 420 and calls under.
OSTK is so shitty jesus christ
Oh, I definitely cashed out on a lot of them, I’ve learned my lesson on being a pig. 

I also don’t really do the whole TA thing that much. My thinking is we are in unprecedented times so logic is out of the way lol. I thought it wouldn’t get higher than $20 when it rose from $15.50 just last week, then the analyst price points happened. I’ll probably exit positions today for a drop off maybe happening tomorrow, then rebuying. Either way, I’m happy with my gains.
The market is up gigantic the last week... you might be 1 of 5 people down
Nio will hit 50 today
???????
NIO JUST CROSSED 47
Yeah my shares are still up 60% but my LEAPs are down 50%....
PLTR = better ROI then NIO
💥
CM Punk

CM Punk

CM Punk
#47!
Maybe depends what you think
Which it promptly did!
a year ago, people in here were calling NIO a scam. What changed?
It went up
Have fun mowing lawns the rest of your life based on your spelling ability
Where do we see BABA by Friday?

270 C 11/13
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
ROKU PTON ZM lets see what happens
47🙏
Cries in Richard Marx
NIO 47 so soon
[deleted]
TSLA is range bound because the price is so fucking high. Means less people are willing to buy and not sell

It will go higher, but not for a while IMO
11/13 DIS 135/136 credit spreads. Easy theft of earnings IV after huge jump earlier in the week.
can we get stimulus hopes or something
Sad to see you go, you’re few stop from tendies town, now you gotta walk
Is NIO the new SPY?
Look at the AAPL 1 month chart and tell me why 11/20 ATM isn't a banger
omg nio
Yes I did you moron, and you still haven't given any real analysis besides "idiotic". What will hurt? Why?

You're a big dumb dumb
Might go back in I am bullish yes
[deleted]
Annd Nio looking for 47 support, what a day.
Thanks it hurts.
[deleted]
Nio must've cured covid
[deleted]
Yoooo it just doesn’t stop 😂🚀
What is this sorcery
Trevor thanks for bagholding Nikola.
gonna go ambitious and say NIO 60 EOD lololol
FSR😍😍😍
RULL PULL PLEASE
[deleted]
Like a life jacket
Makes no sense. Zero buy orders
Imagine thinking WSB knows anything other than: “calls if stonks go up. Puts if stonks go down”
NIO gonna make me cum
[deleted]
Dip??? DIP? Bitch that’s a vertical line up rn
Still waiting?
same lol
This Nio shit is ridiculous lmaoooo
I dont  sense any major selling pressure plus i was up like 100% on one
No, it’s a shit pots . Sherman a minute ago .... I asked PELOSI if her position on Covid relief is the same as it was before the election. reminder: talks broke down before the election/

“Were in the same place -- even more so with the pandemic. Look at these numbers. Look at these predictions from the scientific community”
47$ here we goooooooo
FUCK ALL YOU NIO BEARS AHAHAHAHA
What is this sorcery
Last stop before the moon, brother.
4/16/21 40c for xpev, bought when it was at 31$, only up 22% since purchase. Wow what a rip off. Bought shares at the same time, they are up more than the option..
NIO GOING FOR IT JUST TOUCH 47 ALREADY
Gotta be transported at -420’C
i always by calls after 3 or 4 red days this shit doesn’t stay down
ugly ass android
96% effective I heard.
huh, there was no gap up yesterday..../s
NIO with the COVID-19 cure...? Wtf is happening. No manipulation here 👀 🤡
[removed]
I'm not sure it's a good thing.  I've got a teenager growing up into this mess.
Down 90$ on 11/20 290C baba, sell or hold to next week?
Daily reminder the market crash will start shortly
[deleted]
Everyone and their mothers made money on NIO
Imagine bagholding the American XPEV. YIKES
what dip
CHINESE ELON SAVING ME
Got into TMO yesterday.  Trend is good and we're going to need freezers.  

Peaked at $527 last week, now sitting at $494 and up 2+% today.  

In 11/20 490c
Solid company, will smash earnings, Peter thiel is a evil g
way worse than prpl
Plan on getting back in? On stonks
Hello.
SEXPENG
Day trading is life
Dude wtf is up with jinko solar this is bullshit
Nice chop chop on tech
Deez nuts 🥜
[deleted]
Well thanks for the profit NIO, im out of this retarded run.... do as you will now
[deleted]
Is this a shit post?
ha what a joke, every retard that wants can get a 'vaccine' soon....lmao

but hopefully enough are waking up to the boomer bullshit
Yeah nio taught me to not listen to the haters
[deleted]
Today is our day fam
Nah we hitting 50$ today hop in brother
Strike?
PLEASE NIO 75 EOM AND 150 EOYY PLEASEEE
Curious on the specifics of this. I think everyone with 70k+ in student loans has considered this at some point.
god damn NIO stomping on bear nuts and short sellers lol
Same here
Wont be surprised if Tesla ends in red while NIO will be 20%. All hail CCP. Letss gooo.
Damn man, that must have been at LEAST $750. Looks like Ferrari town over here.
PLTR ABOUT TO GO FULL MEME REVERSAL
$JNJ leaps! Moderna is going to need someone to help produce vaccines! $JNJ 10% ⬆️ day soon. 📈
Governor Newsome said he'll change California to CaliforNIO and sign exclusive contract to mandate all state vehicles be swapped out immediately if NIO hits 60$ by EOY.
HOLD!!!
Asia-on Musk shall provide.
Cheaters prefer Snapchat for messaging...
I’ve been buying a lot of shares the last few days. It’s my favorite long term investment by far
Contested election + new flu lockdowns = VXX calls
[deleted]
yes, play the humble way for good positive energy.
13banger and climbing
When my mom passed she had an old steamer trunk full of some of my text books from college. It also had about 30 annual reports in there, mostly from the 80's. I'm talking huge multibillion dollar companies like Data General, Unisys, Texaco,  Motorola (think beepers)  etc. Only 3 were still listed, and even GE is a shadow of what it was. As someone that has actually done quite well shorting stocks I will say it's much harder to do now with basically free money from the Fed sloshing around.

Funny thing is one of the three was a puny little company called Apple.  "Why are you buying that crappy little company (@$18)  when IBM (@160) has a huge personal computer campus in Boca?" Are you retarded?  I guess time tell.
NIO 50 EOD AFTER HOURS! 

ALL NIO
I’m new to NIO, what’s a safe bet?
Buy puts right now it’s gonna take a step back most likely
Neither did you.  Mask up, continue to social distance, take a level of precautions and protect the at risk. Locking down the country and economy to hide from a virus that primarily kills the elderly is idiotic.
idk, there was massive dips last two days seems like those where the chances.

I sold EOD yesterday to be safe incase XPEV tanked and brought down NIO but that was a mistake.

Might wait for EOD for a cool off to hop back in.
did nio find a cure?
Seasoned like a white families chicken
Where it belongs.
I actually sold last night and was regretting it. Good luck to everybody holding anyway
RCL about to go green for some reason.
No
NVDA is love NVDA is life
I’m still holding on like an idiot, or a genius
Lyft wtf?
Like this comment to forever receive NIO tendies
Bulls !!! Bulls!!! We will prevail!!!
Nio 40 eow
Tech! Tech! Tech!
im gonna be honest, NIO gang might be the worst gang ever created here lmao


And i've been apart of A LOT of gangs
Sold my NIO after I got back into the green and it immediately shot up 70 cents. Hold bois it’s going to the moon for you.
Wait till it hits 50 and then get in on the red day
so my fellow gentlement will CSCO fall another 10% like last ER or will it finally make some gains for the 1st time in history?
47 by 11:00, 48 by noon!!!
Dam FSLY
On the DD
Thank you.
lolol Direxion started an ETF called MOON
[deleted]
They will be holding $600 by end of the year, no doubt.

$500 is their bottom, even on a market dump they will never go below that without getting bought up
just bought 50 PLTR shares at the dip. How we lookin?
Anyone looking at the IV for PLTR..??
Crush coming up, I would cash gang
What’s your favorite position for LEAPS rn?

Thinking of selling my Uber LEAPS I bought in July
If you have a day trade I’d play a 1DTE definitely.
So long as XPEV continues its run, no. Also if SPY goes green
Id love to buy more Baba, but i just can't justify putting any more money into it
Thanks
Some brokers let you apply a one time waiver and reset it.  Tastyworks for example does
A gain is a gain!!!
It’s literally been in the 260s for like two days haha
Green is green, what are you complaining about?
Give us day all time boi
At these levels, Nio is now already the third largest car manufacturer in the world by market cap, but in a year they sell only a small fraction of the cars even relatively small auto manufacturers sell in a month.

I know people are trying to latch onto the growth story, but it's a bit ridiculous at this point.
Buy the nio dipppppp
Nice
It a dominant force in Big Data already and big data is about to explode
[deleted]
AMD pumpin now 🚀 🌙
I sold my aapl bags I’ve been holding since sept an oct. you’re welcome.
Dips on big tech is free money
The Mueller report indicated several instances of obstruction but specifically stated that he could not criminally prosecute the president based on a DOJ memorandum that was viewed as standing policy. There was plenty of proof to remove him from office via impeachment which is a much lower bar than a conviction of guilt. IMO they rushed through the impeachment and should have brought more articles with more evidence of abuse of power than just the obstruction.
Too big to fail
Lol good luck with that. Roni's going to get 10x worse before it gets better. Gen pop won't even be able to get vaccine until spring and only about 30% of people in the US say they would even take the vaccine. Look at the last couple days, rebound plays are retreating and tech is going up again. Everyone jizzed prematurely to the vaccine development news but we are very much still in this thing and have not seen the worst yet.

Not to mention tech is now more firmly intrenched than ever before. Its not going away.
The U.S. Army will use Lyft drivers to deliver the vaccine to every American!
Nope
We diamond hands bitch nio day is January 5th I think new battery comes out
Hope y’all bought the dip on SNAP and NIO
Because of our pershonal rishk toleransh
Model?
I feel your pain.
Is strongly recommend $MRNA.
holy fuck! I love your enthusiasm bro!! im over here stressing about my calls....
I think this comment is hilarious
JPOW will save us once again
Took some NIO weeklies, up 50+% literally five minutes later. I love/hate this market
Disney generated $285 million in mobile app purchase from Disney+ since launch. More than Netflix
[deleted]
got nio 43/45 and 46/48 call spreads for next week. thinking of closing the 43/45 in case we have a monday dump? or do we run up to earnings?
NVDA is one stock where I can confidently say - close your eyes, buy shares and don't even bother looking at it for a year or more. Literally can't go tits up - they will only get larger and more profitable.
[deleted]
Break news: Nio will now print american USD for the federal reserve
More like Xbang you know what I mean?
What date and strike looking to add
Sell the puts switch to calls Apple is seeing 125 before 115
NIO sexy bitch!
Wow, I jumped on the NIO train 30 minutes ago... Ive now seen the way.
Will reach 20 for sure
God damn that cute NIO
[deleted]
Nio just shot itself into the stratosphere how did you fuck this up
Omg I just noticed your handle.. pugs fucking rule, I have one ofy own! You?
hold
Finally did it boys! Panic sold NIO too early after being down! Can’t complain tho still doubled my stake just can’t win them all I guess
Your going to get so many whores
Lost thousands in may trying to short that retard
Fuck the PDT rule
XPEV trying so hard to save my account I love you baby
Just sold NIO, need it to dump so I can jump right back into it again
>"Shi told Honi Soit she had made the money from the “stock surge” over the past year, and wanted to apologise for her absence from the student organisation"
NIO sPaM aLL daY

Hope you retards actually listened and made some money.
What if they moon? Buy some FDs.
That's my biggest gripe with collage/university, why did I have to take 11 math's classes instead of having the choice of taking 11 math's classes.
too late to get in on NIO options?
What you playing
It will be glorious
They're literally flat or more expensive than most of yesterday
who the fuck wouldnt ?
3 2 1 LETS PUMP
When is BABA gonna shoot back up to 300. Sick of it dicking around in the mid 260s like any of this regulatory bullshit is gonna impact its revenue long term. Also loving the prolonged buying opportunity tho... such conflicting feelings for BABA right now
Made a comment about holding onto EV shares because of the new administration.

Some guy said my account would get wiped.

That guy is an idiot.
[deleted]
Jumped in for the first time  at 15.27. Hoping it pays off.
Its already back to where it was before the earnings malarkey.
[deleted]
Philadelphia just moved to all virtual...load up on ZM. Dump SPY and load up on SPY puts
Fastly is about to  🚀🚀
Same
yeah.  long term hold.  why not
Petition to make baba great again. CCP stop it
Wtf all ev up today
Damn, hopefully you get a refund
Zoom kinda just hovers and then gaps up. No steady increase.
PRPL even higher now when wsb has left it.
Now that tech/media is big on censorship anyone who doesn’t agree with whatever they decide to go forward with will be silenced into an Internet void. The chaos is over.
NIO 60 EOM AND 120 EOY LETS GO
What do you guys find scarier to hold puts or calls on spy. For me it is puts because I know the algos at any time can ram it so far up my ass
Gay bears sell. Bulls stand firm. Bulls must always prevail for that is our destiny.
1.42 and climbing, I can't not look at it lol at least I'm still making money on my shares
Makes sense.  The longer we go without shutting down the closer we are to a vaccine so hopefully that makes it harder.
Ay pcg welcome back to life
Lmao these threads have reached new volume lows. 2020: the reckoning
same with FDX man, these bags are heavy
LOL HOW TRUE IS THIS
what. the. fuck. nio.
Hey AMC, you wanna drill to $2.5 by tomorrow please?
What price you think I should buy it at? How far of a dip do you think it’ll go?
Yes sir
Wow, I just took a 33% profit instead of waiting for more. Much restraint, such willpower. Also, big puss move.
NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO

FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Credit card in one hand, cock in the other....but still no PS5 😔
How did you lose money with NIO
Not until it hits 150
I know. DH. Maybe TSLA gaps up to 430 tomorrow?
They have earnings soon, NIO will get it's moment
No shit??  I haven't had covid but I'm willing to give it a try
Lmao shit changes so quick, bless the evs
Shit. Time to sell nio or what
Guh these AMZN put bags are starting to feel pretty heavy but Imma diamond hand
[fine](https://i.imgur.com/DcJftre.jpg) lol
NIO ROCKERS IN THE HOUSE TONIGHT
Yes!!!!
I member
NIO 48 LETS GO!!!
BuT thE SpaMm
[deleted]
[deleted]
Depending on your strike I prob would have sold yours today around 430. That said I am a little more risk-adverse then some of these autists lol
If AAPL could double top here and head to 115 where it belongs, I would be eternally grateful.
Source ?
Chewy is the millennial’s pets.com.
Nice
Those are rookie numbers
Well yeah, it's stuck in a range. As long as it stays there you can make advantage of it :)
There was your shot spy holders . I’m telling you I got bubble guts as a bull . Just don’t hold out if stimulus talks aren’t there , shut downs are looming. It can break your bank fast. Unless you weren’t here in March
Genuinely don't know whether or not I should sell. My diamond hands have gotten me in trouble before.
$MRNA before it's too late.
41%? Those are rookie numbers. -41% is better
ascending triangle on QQQ

we're going to break through this ATH trendline and shoot to 293
Bought calls, then set my limit wrong. Sold immediately at a loss. I'm ready for the special olympics.
Anyone getting in on the PLTR dip?
Man UPS is all in all a pretty big disappointment so far
Anyone else with they put everything into NIO back in June?
pypl and sq are gonna meet up at 187 and go to 250 together by 1/21
XPEV and LI also ripping.
LYFT LYFTING OFF
Yeh. I'd just be wearisome with it right now.  On almost all the charts there is a trend reversal  candlestick pattern along with being overbought on nearly every time frame. I know I'm pretty fucking stupid, but if you have options in it right now I'd reconsider them.
Wtf is up with lyft
Your wish my command
How much it is worth now?
Fuck me I sold my NIO calls too early 😢
Yes confirmed
NIO is god. I don't even have FOMO from selling my weeklies yesterday cause my January calls are printing 🤑
Shoot I’d take 300
Vix actually just tracks the mood swings of Shia Lebouf.
Yeah I feel 95% great about it.  I cashed my entire account out.  Taking a break.  Paid off my car and little debt and stashes 20k in savings and little to the IRS man
Congrats to you XPEV bastards. Y'all done good.
I have NKLA and APRN next to each other on my watchlist as they are the losers today and I totally thought NKLA was finally $5. Those 3 seconds of joy were awesome.
Why are ride sharing companies going up with increasing lockdowns lmao this market is something else
Instant gratification
The fact that a red day hasn't come yet is concerning. It's like being happy that your girl hasn't had her period for a long time, nine months later and you're fucked.
XPENG NOT EVEN FLINCHING LOL
I apologize
HOLEE FUK thinking about all the times I tried to short SNAP. Don’t try. This thing has retard strength look at it go. They’re legit honestly. See my gf and her friends use it all the time. Even in the weakest market times they refused to crumble.
Lmao at all the NIO bears 🤡
> But it shouldn't make any difference in short term anyways.

Last year Apple sold >18,000,000 Intel Macs. 

Going forward they will sell exactly 0 Intel Macs. I'm bag holding a ton of INTC shares so I'm not excited about it, but that's why. Go back and listen to the July earnings call...shit is not good.
Nice dog
[deleted]
NIO 47 incoming!!!!!
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   45.0|4.85|4.95|4.89|1.98|140.231%


NIO 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 9 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1wt8x&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
3 bagged so far on nio
[deleted]
[deleted]
Moderna
yeah i actually miss the election week crazy swings
i just play the NVDA and AMD dips, pretty safe
I love encouraging RH is...

“Awesome! 👏🏽 Your order to buy to open way OTM 11/13 spy calls is complete!”
Maybe I should have held my 11/20 45c NIO a few minutes longer. Oh well needed to recover gl fam get the monies.
You can thank me for this nio rally, I sold my $47 11/13 yesterday for .50 fuck me
NIO 50 EOD 100 EOM
[deleted]
If you or spouse had covid you can take out 100k no penalties.

edit Don’t ask me how I know
Where
Should sell NIO coming Monday?
[deleted]
id take profit, rebuy after selloff
their deal with IBM hasnt amounted to much and they have been lagging, why do you think they will moon tomorrow? Just curious, I think its a good call in the future as well but why tomorrow?
Instead of day trading stocks I now day trade options. What a switch
For sure... makes for good scalping tho
is nio gonna stop? shoulda listened to u autists
Everyone talking about NIO while their retarded cousins LI and XPEV up 15%🥴
PLTR dip
Straddles on PLTR for earnings?
I wonder if Morgan Stanley did the Goldman chad move of downgrading a stock and then loading up on it - apparently they have a 12% stake in FSLY. 

Goldman did this with NIO - gave one of the best entry points into it a few months back.
46 no ragrets
NIO to 47$ in 20mins, NIO TO 50$ END OF DAY LETS FKN GO !!!!!!!!!!!!
As long as you make money you make money. No shame
[https://i.imgur.com/t7ljXO0.png](https://i.imgur.com/t7ljXO0.png)

Irrefutable proof.
[deleted]
Ty for the PLTR leaps, they were too expensive when I looked yesterday
holy fuck lol
Why do people have so much optimism in PLTR ? Is it just meme value?
NVDA to 555 next
Bought on monday, and double downed yesterday. I didn’t have too much money in it
Your risk tolerance is too low.
Damn NIO
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  


  


Next week. 

&#x200B;

This is WSB, c'mon man!

\- Joe Biden probably
Damn if only I bought more XPEV. I’m up 400%
anyone buying nickel companies? EV need nickel
👍
I’m about to lose all my money to theta. 🤡🤡🤡🤡
I’m realizing this is the first earnings day for many of you smh
Hey how about your all-time?
You may as well hold through earnings. It's what I'm doing. It's kind of an all our nothing bet.
Well said.
need nio to dip one more time to 43... or do i just say fuck it and buy at 46
My snek is very happy today.
NIO 50 eod might actually happen
A flash crash would be dope right now
No. I'm not playing it either. I'm sick of meme stocks.
Zm
PLTR PLTR
I’ve got 11/20s lol. Fear levels rising
Honestly, I'm really happy for the NIO bros in here.

I didn't hop on that train, but I'm just happy some of you guys are making bank right now.

It's like when you're at the craps table and you didn't bet on 5, but you see everyone around you winning money and it's not hurting you. 

Feels good man.
You have given no reasoning for your opinion other than name-calling
It’s had soooo many fake outs in the past few months. Don’t touch it anymore, it’s not the same :(
SPY going to end the day green
>you end up with a population of people that thinks masks don’t spread infection

Am I retarded or are you saying that masks spread infections?

As in "Dumb Americans think that masks don't spread infection but they do"
Sir this is a casino
Stimulus confirmed? Or these retards just shitposting ?
and going down
If XPEV CAN HIT +17% NIO CAN DO AT LEAST +12%
Anyone else holding FTCH?

Do I get out or diamond hands through earnings
The top is in
NIO GEO
so rotation back into tech already?? damn might have missed it
until it goes tits up
[deleted]
I’m not
I can’t take it!
I felt this. Right in my heart strings (and acct balance)
I started following it when it was at $8 just because I thought the name was awesome (major pothead over here).  Finally got a few small options on it but im kicking myself for not going big earlier.
Nvda the new Tesla every time it dips  shoots right back up
People don’t care about the rona they still going to vacay
prpl was the biggest joke but u tards pushed it to the sky
[deleted]
Spy really can’t figure out if it’s supposed to drill or pump
I got 300c and 400c 2022 jan 21, honestly the itm leaps, like .8 delta are probably better but these print harder if it does run up
Missed out on 7k selling NIO yesterday
Xpev is going for 40.
So far, red days for NIO seem to just mean cheap calls for the next day lol
Got it, this is true
no thanks
Don’t ask for my all-time, but my [week](https://i.imgur.com/bF42Tjy.jpg) is going well.
everyone beats earnings now, its the way its played today. accuracy is no longer considered an analysts role - just pump
Blink to 40 by July
Oh darling, you must dream a little bigger than that
Which expiry/strike are you talking about?
what did money ever do to you
NIO MIGHT EVEN HIT 48 by 1pm... BRRRRR
But what if he didn't have hands made of tissue paper?
NVDA where to?
COST 385C 27/11, hold or nah
This week has been boring
Nice
NIO's MD Ganesh V.Iner reported to Papa Musk for 4 years at Tesla. Same again please!

48EOD 50EOW
That SOL dong...
Baba to the MOOOOOOOON!!
NIO ends 2020 +60$ either merit or just pumping
Duh
 NIO please chill just a little...never mind just keep going lol
INTC dumping while AMD and NVDA up 2%. What a beautiful sight
Ev shrek
Moon never if we rotate out of tech and info value...
holy fucking shit were so green
STOP THE COUNT!!!
Calm down i accounted for that too don’t worry get ready for 2021
nah i’m deadass b, but i do have calls
true, but doesn't mean i am not right. hey if i knew when a stock was going to go up or down i wouldn't be here talking to you guys haha i'm not delusional enough to try something like shorting a company that is going up despite conventional widsom. i obviously  can't even understand the market around it let alone predict it haha
If you’re hesitant about NIO I’d wait for a pullback around 11-12. Dont wait later than 1 to get in. This is definitely hitting 48-50 by EOD.
[deleted]
He’s talking about you saltyboi
Yeah just start to scale out, take a few contracts off. Oh wait.... B A N
ok i’ll wait till after the earnings to get in.
Just picked up some ITM puts 2-4 weeks out for MGM/CCL.  I think they are going back down to where they were in late October in the next couple weeks.  Too much Rona.
[removed]
[deleted]
TSLA with the crazy fake pump, I got trapped.
Drillkings touched up on 42 a couple times and said NOPE
Man I got a lot of positions. This isn’t about my positions. It’s about market cap.
Theres always a "V"
This is fanfuckingtastic. She basically said, "Fuck you and your shitty ass worthless positions. Here are mine."
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
INO   12.5|0.35|0.4|0.36|0.23|187.082%


INO 12.5C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1wh9i&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
This is true
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
INO   14.0|0.74|0.9|0.8|0.39|159.037%


INO 14.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1wduw&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Nice
Nio might actually hit 50 EOD
Holy fuck, DKNG's expected EPS is INSANELY low given the fact that the NHL, MLB and NBA playoffs and championships have been this quarter, not to mention college football and the NFL. It is lower than last quarters EPS when there was NOTHING to bet on.
XPEV is so sexy
[deleted]
PLUG it up boys
Lol great plan! remember the short capital gain on top of the tax you cash out. Have fun.
I hope
Nice try panic bot
Moon now or moon l8r???
No
Are you dumb?  Thinking there are only two options and both of them are extreme. Lots of ways to go about this and a lockdown is the most idiotic by far.
Long
TSLA (Pero hecho en Chyna)
That feel when your favorite stocks are mooning but you pulled everything out of them to fomo into memes fd's.
What happened to PLTR, take loss and run away or keep holding? I’m holding a 12/4 call for $17
I bought 11/13 INO 12.5c at 0.36
Omfg
[deleted]
Thanks will try that now!
Keep going NIO you beautiful bastard
I've been selling covered calls with mine. Not much money but it'll build up over years.
I mean I’m not not buying this donkey kong dip
Long time bud. Just got it so I imagine it’ll be red for a bit
NIO XPEV LI gain will be Tesla loss

Bet safely!
AMD
I had a dream that nio was $90 dollars.  Makes no difference for me since my nio 35p exp this Friday is gonna be worthless anyway
[deleted]
BABA 11/13 270 CALL RIGHT NOW
[deleted]
Exactly this. We've had one "lockdown" in our past, now everyone just wants to get it over with so we don't have the uncertainty of another over our heads. There's more FUD about "when" than there is about "if".
Told you
LI and XPEV are like 13 and 15% up so far today, while NIO is 7%. Hoping that means that there is healthy runup left today in prep for LI and NIO earnings
Imagine Selling NIO yesterday at the bottom hahaha
Constructed abnormally
yessssss buy tech recovery 

covid aint runnin for the hills when vac trials came out

lockdowns til next college semester
Hi so if I’m thinking there will be a major pullback would buying a 4 month exp ITM SPXS call be a good idea for gains
Am I the only one not playing NIO?
aapl trying to break 120
it's the new meme of the month. people will get tired once it fails expectations.
The daily, yes, and the 3M, too.
this isn't even a bold prediction... it's natural price action at this point
The only thing that could bring the market down is a legitimate coupe by Donald and the civil unrest that follows, but ask yourself how realistic is that really?
Try NIU instead
It's fake. Not even a boomer stock. Also The Undertaker lost at Wrestlemania.
why did you exit them?
Holy shit that’s a bullish position. I’m holding only 5 for March!
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PDD**|**$130**|**BUY PUT**|**2020-11-13**|**$1.6**|**$135.82**|**3**|**2803**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckheznu9587zo0770llzcfm3c) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ze_kraken/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
[deleted]
No no I believe
NIO to 50$ EOD LETS GET IT NIONERS 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
nerves shot
Inversed
NIO might actually fuck around and hit $50 EOD
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PLTR**|**$18**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-13**|**$0.47**|**$15.17**|**3044**|**4096**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckheznr7x87xg0770tmdn2jmh) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/feithenb93/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Modest?  When did you buy?
I mean, they were at $17 at open today.

I would go a little higher in strike to be honest, but I guess if you are deep ITM then you get to hold without watching theta eat away at your value
Japan has a higher percentage of debt than we do and they aren't a reserve currency
[deleted]
gay
Turn off margin and disable instant deposit
can’t hold
when do i sell ddog calls, 100?
I think it takes  either second share offering at their earnings or some institution offloading some risks, to stop this madtrain, at least for a while.
[deleted]
You’re going negative kiddo
finally.
I’m long either way but I didn’t expect the dip not to be bought up right away
All of you nio nazis better remember where tf you came from and pump tesla back up to atleast 450... Please and thank you
Sir that’s not how we maximize profits.
NIO 48!
Yep sitting on 12/4 500c trying to remain calm.
lol I mean getting in and out of WSB meme stocks in a short time frame fucking prints honestly.

Just don't overstay your welcome
[deleted]
All I’m saying is 2 billion jumped ship this morning and it hasn’t stopped yet
NIO
We are all built different here and mostly not in a good way
APPS and NIO.
i bought 100 at 13 and sold all at 14. then had 11/20 25c i sold when they were at 27 😤 expert trader  😤😤
I'm guessing it's gonna to slide hard. Rkt 2.0. Prob back to 10
Just cashed out of my PLTR calls before the drop. Hopefully tomorrow will be flat so I can buy back in.
PTON moon incoming
PLTR
Apple is gonna stay flat then moon tomorrow I can feel it in my cock
[deleted]
PLTR starts to looks like RKT 2.0
NIO has absolutely no chill this is crazy
Incoming ETSY buying opportunity...🤑👌🏼😏💦
XPENG AINT EVEN FLINCHING

NIO TO ATH ALSO
Why is this held in such high regard? I'm curious
Credit spreads
inverse, always

start buying puts the minute the sub picks up on a good trade lol
Is there any way to get a cash account for day trading under 25k from robinhood?
Yeah, It is going to pull a TSLA soon and we will lose another generation of WSBers to FOMO
HYLN earnings was interesting
fuck pfizer someone gimme a yolo call
XPEV up 15% but calls aren’t even 1 baggers yet
XPEV or NIO, which has more room to the upside?
Just exited my ford and bank of america weekly puts. Anyone have any positions of similar cost per contract (20 cents-70 cents) with high volume?
When did U buy?
Yeah don’t you love that name?  Perfect for this stock
I’d fucking die at 80
[deleted]
You got puts?
[deleted]
I'm diamond hands onto my $30 1/15 c's ... up 600% what a wild ride
Let’s go NIO 🚀🚀
Sometimes I worry my 401k is not big enough to retire but I just realized I can gain 5-10% a month on it once I cash it out and put it on Robinhood to use as collateral for selling puts.  Can't go tits up right guys??
500$ in stocks? That gives you a bit leverage atleast
[deleted]
Cashed in my NIO $45 and $46 calls expiring tomorrow for some modest profit. Looking for an entry to pick up contracts 1-2 months out from now
lol back to where we were after that random pump
Tried Googling this question - full of day-trading quant blogs and academic papers ... need something a little less sophisticated for now
Well I hope you retards bought the PLTR dip.
Absolutely not. The rot is very quick on leveraged ETFs. They are meant for quick plays. I would read up and get out while you can.

https://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial-advisors/082515/why-leveraged-etfs-are-not-longterm-bet.asp
PCG TIME LOL
Ngl i am but if it busts through resistance at 46.20, it gonna roll
Ok, but you shouldn't impeach anyone unless there is proof that the president did actually do something. Based on what happened there wasn't enough proof.
  
  
I don't even like Trump and I hate that I'm defending him but cmon, we all know it was Bs from the start lol
Same
Was going to comment on PTON holding on like a chad and then it dips a dollar :(
I mean, you have a 1/2 generation of millennials who are earning decent money, can’t afford their own homes in their 30s, putting off marriage, skipping cars in the VHCOL cities in favour of cheaper transit - couple this with interest rates being rock bottom, WHERE ELSE ARE YOU GOING TO PUT YOUR MONEY?

Investing has gotten to the point where it’s free to transact, and done from an app, anytime, anywhere.

Are you really that surprised?


World’s changed old man (and I mean that as an elder millennial myself)
IPOB calls for 11/20 or december I just got some this morning
Pltr gang... How we feeling?
Sorry for reviving your thread but I know the issue (I am looking at it myself now too since my broker changed the way they display gains). I think you must be referring to a column in your taxable gains/losses that's "deferred losses". That number will NEVER go down through the course of a year (resets next year). 

It's not meaningful except it just gives you an idea of the amount of loss as a result of wash sales. Even if you close a wash sale out, that number doesn't go down since that new sale you closed out contributes more to that column. 

With that said, your true gains/losses is still that first column saying "gains/losses". When you report your taxes what will happen is you report a number that's gains/loses + deferred losses - deferred losses = gains/losses but the tax people just want to isolate the deferred loss column just to see. But your true gains/losses and what you'll be taxed on is that first column.

So ignoring deposits and withdrawals, your net account value this year would have only changed by the gains/losses column and that's what you are taxed on. It's just you also have to report that separate deferred loss column when you file, which your software will handle for you (its cause wash sales have to be reported separately using a different letter code).
Haha it’s all G
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/denniseveryone don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol that SPY chart looks actually autistic
[removed]
Because they went down so much 👀
You’re cocky now, but let’s check back in after the ER
It means we are all rich
PLTR 11/20 $12p
You know what to do.
It better be I’m trying to recover all the money I lost and spent on strippers
Damn played ZM today for a baby gain and already have NIO FOMO
You guys are being irrational buying a stock made popular through bots. These Chinese EV stocks can easily lie about their earnings and trick investors. There is no check and balance or any repercussions for fraud.
Nio will continue to run up until earnings. The good news or the reason NIO is running is because xpeng did really well on earnings.
Sold my NIO calls this morning. Think NIO will have an end of day dump back below 46?
Who has 2 thumbs and is almost back to even? This idiot!
Worried my garage isn’t big enough anymore
I thought Barren Wuffet said that?
[removed]
RH did me dirty with ACB when it was at around 10, gave me 12.40 stock average without reason. Broke even at peak, still pissed about that.
oh who the fuck knows how to play it these day.... few years ago I could have told you exactly what to do....
Lol fuck you sir !! I’m not resting in peace I’m printing !!
Lol. Black Friday and Christmas rolled into 1. Singles day DWARFS Amazon sales on two of its best days.
# cRusH tHE viRUs
Yep...  


This is ridiculous, I'm rotating back into TSLA
QQQ out of Viagra
Please do
My freshly printed puts wouldn't hate to see it
Holding these 11/20 $350p spy puts are stressful
$78 Please for the love of god

$80 and I ejaculate
Meant to say Cuomo lmao. Sorry the autism hits different today
[deleted]
Your a whore
XPEV TO $50 EOD let’s gooooo
need a stock to buy, suggestions?
You bought today??
I sold half my NIO 40Cs last week and I'm not selling the other half until they expire worthless
The new crowd has gotten a bit annoying
How much time you got left on those? Slight sell off is likely due to lockup period ending. Hopefully you're holding LEAPS.
[removed]
So everyone on here is in NIO huh? I wonder what that means
Haven’t entered yet. Will enter eod today or tomorrow. We’ll see.
Wait did you buy at open and then immediately sell for a loss?
Think Im gonna load AMZN 3100p here
With the amount of multimillionaires involved especially in China I have no idea unless some wild and crazy PR comes out in whitch you should be prepared for as a call holder it’ll keep sky rocketing
Spy calls for tomorrow but spy puts for next week is the move
Not at all
🤢🤮
Don’t ruin your day and take the profit.  You only have one contract, so there is no scaling out.  Find the next trade and make more money
I bought in to NIO at 10.80.
It’s harder not to fomo back in. Enjoy those NIO calls I just sold, thanks for the tendies
Yikes, imma sit today out lmfao
I love you all and I hope you all make big stacks on NIO, but it *DOES NOT DESERVE A MARKET CAP OF 2x XPEV!!!* come on guys. Take your profits.
Hello friend. When you holding till?
[removed]
fair haha. 185c sq 12/18 btw
Holy shit tomorrow is gonna be so Fkn red
Buy Jan 2023 leaps
Yep, oblivious to the damage leftist policies have on the average person.  T cut regs and taxes which was great (but he ramped up spending and the debt instead which sucked).  Dems will ramp up taxes and regs at the top, thinking it'll help average people, while also increasing spending and debt.
been out of the game for a couple months but pltr got me horny. thoughts on a jan 17c???
[deleted]
100% agreed. Should be under 330 at least
Feel like a bull trap.
check the flair
Dam lol there's still a chance tho with this thing was just at 26 a couple weeks ago
That IV is creeping
I have been swing trading the stock, wait until it is at or below $50/share
Lame Duck Donnie is just collecting money from his followers
But Cuomo is governor of NYC not Schumer you autistic man child
nio 47 by noon
Nio: "blue sky coming".  Indeed.
Shit is weak today
I fucking hope
Eod
nio 100 EOY
If everyone on this subreddit just buddied up and did the opisite trades as their buddy, half of us would be rich
Have you seen smooth brains irl? Are the memes true
Wait you guys actually make money on this sub
*pulls up in a Xpeng P7*
Get in loser, we’re going to ATH
[deleted]
Are you a bot
Damn, that SPY head fake was cruel lol
Short squeeze just saying

You’re contributions r welcome :)
Thank you!
Yes it did!!!!!
Both
Just buy longer dated calls and buy every dip.

They aren't going to dip that much, and every dip will get bought up I am pretty confident. I know this because I bought shares at $10.5, held them for like a month and sold them at $10.5 like an idiot.

Now I want back in,  and it's never going to give me a juicy enough dip below $14 so you are safe
Slv 10 eom. Fucking ezpz
Anyone else got ZM calls?
Holy shit, NIO volume over 85mil
So a bear trap...?
This is the way !!!
# Even if you're making money on Nio, youre worried
cant tell if my comments are bad or if there are some pissy people in here
[deleted]
sorry pltr bagholders the end times is here
God damnit why didn’t I buy more NIO at $13 😩😩
Lucky last $50....
I have literally no clue what to buy. Don’t say nio because I’ve already bought that
bUt WsB sAId tO BUy PltR
That NUGT guy must be happy.
NIO GOING FOR +13% today
Always have been 🔫
Does it really have enough room to keep on growing for tomorrow do you think? It has been soaring... when will it be overvalued and dropped from high emotions?
Aw shoot, a broken record
Add new MOON etf to this list as well:

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/direxion-launches-moonshot-etf-301171866.html

Cutting edge stuff check out their holdings
 Ridiculous amount of tendies being made on NIO
They have to play with their food before they eat
sell of before earnings? i wanna buy more
I guess we’ll see AH, I’ll reach back out in a bit
$17c 11/20 

One of us is gonna be mad. Its probably gonna be me. Congrats in advance.
FSR
If you buy back the call you sold, then you're not obligated to sell shares
I bought at the absolute top . 30c when it was 27. Guess I’ll be holding these bags.
VERI & PLTR Calls on the menu
think NIO can get to $50 EOW?
I’m not buying this slow bleed with Pfizer. Loaded up with $39 calls expiring at the end of the year
ONE PERSON convince me NIO should have twice the market cap of XPEV. Anyone? Maybe in 2 years, but rn, XPEV should have the bigger cap, but NIO is 2x? Buy your fucking puts. Hedge with some calls. 

Make some money
[deleted]
LET EM HANG KING
No, each contract is valued separately from the underlying stock. If you buy that option today and NIO reaches $100 on or near expiration it will be more valuable than when you purchased it, and can be sold to someone who wants to exercise that option or thinks it will continue to rise.

The following isn’t entirely true, due to things such as the Greeks and IV that vary, but generally options will rise in value 3x for every % change in the underlying stock’s value. The risk comes from the fact that if a stock drops 20% in value you only lose 20%, but with an option you risk losing 100% on such a move.
so true. should at least be around 400
right now.
I prefer Arthur personally
yikes mayne g luck
[deleted]
Hey ya winning, son ? What did you end up going for ?
Feel so chilled...forgot how good it felt
Yes and I paid $30 for Mulan
Fingers crossed for a green dildo
Any idea what stocks they are holding?
It is a meme about how price suddenly drops when you buy
Don’t be the idiot that buys into recovery rn. COVID is not going away for a while even if we get a vaccine, this pump was so MMs and institutions could get tf out of these shit restaurant and airline stocks
see edit.  am retarded
RKT Looking fucking amazing Jesus
Ah so I’m losing out by not buying in strong and riding this to a supposed price point higher than every bank rating.
Ik lol. But it shouldn't make any difference in short term anyways. But yeah boomers are afraid so selloff I guess
What’s your guess?
[deleted]
I’m bout to short NIO to spite these shills
[removed]
[removed]
You do bro. 1 contract can still produce 2-5x tendies
rkt mooning everyone
FDX > UPS, no? I’d be looking at late Jan calls. Holiday season is usually an insane boost. This year it’s gonna crush.
No it’s a call for the 20th am fuk
The stock market is my favorite hentai
slingshot engaged
Aapl 125 EOW
My boy RKT is actually still trying to pay me
APPS $45 EOW.
We've had one NIO yes. But what about, second NIO?
we look smart now. tendies for those who didn't paperhand it.
[deleted]
Wtf is this small penis shit? Show your pennies to the cashier at Chipotle, don’t post them here.
I stumbled on CRK the other day.  I know nothing about the company or what it does, but it's price history looks like a sinewave that it is at the bottom of.
Heard from a friend the wrinkles in her nono give a death grip like none other
Yeah, the range on this bastard has been crazy. On Tuesday I think it closed $20.01 and it closed literally at $23.00 yesterday. This thing has been wild.
fake bull trap on spy
what stock... looking to exercise today
Hold for a few months brother
Beyoncé gave her blessing
[deleted]
Xpev casually up $5 while everyones looking at nio
well that escalated real quick
Chwy no
Are u holding it through ER? I bought it at open and now scared
He didn't lose anything, he made a fuck ton of money. Living in a what if world will make trading miserable.
I think I’m headed that direction. 2nd lockdown  seems like it will happen.
with your favorite partnerS fool
NIO will blow last $50 tonight....
As long as it stays above $260 by next friday I am good.

Otherwise I will be the proud owner of 200 shares of BABA @ $260 😀, in exchange for $1600 premium

  
With China/HongKong tensions I think BABA is going to be held down a bit. JD plays nicer with the government which is why they are bouncing alot harder
Warren Buffett is a dumb boomer I bought BRK.B calls yesterday and lost money. Good thing NIO saved me. What a dumb boomer
whats NIO should i buy it
55c here let's go! and some 11/13 47c ofc
Nio
SPY about to get a running start at 355
OP said...Dax is TO boring... This is incorrect. I was pretending to make fun of you for using it correctly.
Damn it, now I'm the doofus.
There are no march options
Iv is insane on pltr calls be careful
Add in zm baby $$$$
If XPEV pump 15% on earnings, NIO better do +15% too
Bruh, you think mom and pops weathered this nonsense for a year? Without a stimmy?
NIO 50 EOD
Anyone else mess with IPOB? Looks ready to blow up any day here
ZM has mooned the past two days... do you think it will continue tomorrow?
RKT is no longer meme status, FOMO into NIO
For AMZN I was doing 12/18 3150 and 3170 calls. I’m completely out of the stock now. Used profits to average into RAD DLTR and TGT
ZM puts FOKING up my portfolio but i aint got time for that! 

NIO TO THE MOON!!!
Yes
my roommate went all-in on CCL after it bottomed out after I told him about stock options. He yolo'd his portfolio on Airlines and cruise companies. I decided to carefully follow suit with only $700
I know this is a broken record on here but SPY really has absolutely zero business being anywhere near 355
NIO should be closer to XPEV’s market cap is my reasoning. It shouldn’t be 50% the size.
Bet.
Damn it Webull. Placed a stop order at 1970 and it sold for 1800???? Now I know to only use limit stops. I gave someone a great deal.
I bought at open 😨
I feel attacked
Governor of NYC wants to shut down everything because he is the leader of the liberals and wants to set the tone for the party. Shutting down again will decimate hundreds of thousands of business but wE wiLl bE sAfEr
Ferrari often sells to the same person multiple times. How many people are going to buy multiple tickets on Virgin galactic every few years?
[deleted]
Don't have regrets or you'll always wonder what if, what if what if. You made a fuck ton of money, that is a WIN no matter what. 

In the future, Cash in some tendies, but keep some rolling to see how moonward you can go. Or if you're super bullish on a company, buy some calls AND some shares. Cash out the calls, keep the shares for additional tendies and buy some more calls later.
Just buy it back once you get profit
ETSY do not fail me
You pussies. This shit will moon. Covid only helped their business.
It’s dd called go buy right now before you miss out on Tendies
Wow amd that’s a nice green Dildo
We still need to price in Election flipping to Trump. Lol
I have literally been using taobao and tmall for years, do you even know what baba does?

Baba always dips after singles days, every year. And now they are getting hit with more bad news. I'm long btw.
and thats that, nio 70 eom after it crushes earnings, 120 eoy
NIO very well might melt to 50 today
“Bags” currently ~3% off all time high
Xpeng numbers were so good I have no doubt NIO will blow the roof off!!!
You want me to be honest. Short term: Could go up, could go down, could go sideways. Only thing i know is it should have a higher valuation by next year.🤷‍♂️
SE baby!
Yes, but you can buy the the contract, same date and strike,  so its like it never even happened!
Good :)
My Apple and Peloton calls are printing 

🖨 💵
AMD rocket boosters finally engaged
Now rotate into long dated SPY calls - get the leverage, but ride the index fund wave.
It appears the RKT buyback has begun 🚀
Fuck man I shoulda bought calls at open but I was pussy
Puts. This is the way
Yuh
Wait until next week. Better clarity and earnings.
Anyone important scheduled to speak today? These puts need a catalyst
I hedge every trade. Have plenty of calls.
Why
Pltr prayer group at 11
Does everybody in this sub own exclusively NIO and PLTR? Shut the fuck up already
Nio ATH
TFW your wife asks you "*So I heard the stock market has been doing pretty well lately huh?*"

**...and you're balls deep in -90% puts...**
How do I invest in shia lebouf ?
Inverse. Upvote.
Price target upgrade too, $160 from Morgan Stanley
I got PLUG, then sold it at $4.....
Screw it. All in on Covid plays- Puts on Jets, Lyft. Calls on MSFT, UPS, BABA and AMZN
the stock market has always been a casino sir, we are just betting on lines just like sports bettors on sport lines
People who rode the run up cashing out like the pussies they are
Get a bidet
NIO will go to XPEV’s market cap
What time is pow pow speaking? CST
Smh, looks like I’m buying an Xbox for $700 off Craigslist. Fuck bots who buy out that shit, good thing I’ve been making tendies lately.
wat dip its at ATH lol
2k to win or lose?
11/20 380p tesla
Earnings are today. I guess people expect them to do better then predicted. I think they'll do wrse honestly.
when moon
....you don't pronounce it "are kay tee", do you?
Nancy’s lookin pretty hot today
NIO will go to XPEV’s market cap
no you're right, Zoom's become the centerpiece of society right now solely due to COVID. There will obviously still be utility post-COVID, that's for sure, but definitely not going to be the same; if anything, they'd probably be screwed because I think people would be far less inclined to pay for a subscription service when certain other services might be free or "free" like teams which comes with office.
AMD to $200 and I can finally stop my life struggle and put some money together to buy a white lambo
Your time will come man 👍
LAST CHANCE TO BUY PLTR
Yeah!
Look at OP’s title and I think you’ll get the joke.
Positions?
I’m buying right before market close. This shit will moon. WITNESS ME!!!
wtf is a NIO
Spy 355p 11/13
lamest post of today so far lmao

i have a few retard friends....
So many rkt call holders. Thinking it’s puts time
Lol those less than 50 cent gains? Those chiclets are tinier than your dick
Some think it’ll go down after earnings but we all saw how XPEV went up
I missed the dip on Monday :(
Just withdrew all my gains from the value rise up this week and sent the rest of my account long on PLTR calls for march 21st 2021 $30 strike.

edit: im retarded.  i meant may not March
I know exactly what to say for downvotes or upvotes.. here's something for a downvote ;

Boys that was the Nio top. Buy puts asap
NIO gonna moon at 1030
NIO
Sold 2 days ago for 250%
NIO is erasing all the bad mistakes I made on Monday
Feel like this could be near 100$ stock a year from now, based on information, albeit little, what makes you think it’s going to a halt? Production keeps going
[deleted]
Whatever you’re speaking I don’t understand it
WhAt R mY LeGaL RiGhTs?!
I'm confused NIO is up %7 percent how is that a bubble popping?
RIP to those trying to short the china EV industry , you getting that peoples republic short squeeze 🇨🇳🇨🇳
NIO 1/15 50c checking in. Who’s with me?
I bought 24 shares at $44.02 at market open on Monday. Immediately dropped to 40 that day. Lost 100 bucks, now it’s back up to 45. Just gonna hold for the next 35 years and hope NIO commands a large market share. 

Wait is this not R/investing? My b. I’ll keep my comments to myself next time.
[deleted]
Yes, even if it goes sideways for a week or two. Hoping this is the support level of some sort. Guaranteed I'm wrong
Show me 350 spy
NIO should be similar market cap to XPEV. dumb ass
I need DKNG to stop being gay as hell
I played AMZN this morning quite poorly. Still made 4500 yesterday. Picked up only 300 today (could’ve been another 2k).
[deleted]
it appears I'll be taking an L today
I feel personally attacked
Still dipping :/
i’d like to think my comment has more substance than any of the other comments on here lol
> subscribers

Interesting euphemism for 'gamblers'
Buy PLTR. Its on sale
get in before RKT going to the moon
if Nio hits 1000 by end of 2021 Ill cut my dick off and send it to the CEO
Give me a 2k play
holy shet that 6 month chart though...
RIP sold all my 11/13 $86 DDOG for a day trade yesterday.. would be 5x :(
[deleted]
Feelin’ like Jeff Goldblum post alcohol addiction in Independence Day-time to make some money bois
SWBI 17.5c 11/20 buy
Come again?
Lol nio srsly going to hit 50 at this rate today after hours
[deleted]
Li earnings tomorrow
New NIO ath here we go
Ferrari has competition from other car makers, and a few thousand cars per year is still a lot. The interest is definitely there, seeing as they sold 600 tickets when they were available. A survey was also conducted for individuals with a net worth over 5 million.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/08/31/virgin-galactic-cowen-survey-of-high-net-worth-individuals-for-spaceflight.htm

Remember that if this model is proven successful in New Mexico, the next step will be spaceports in other countries which will make it more accessible to other consumers. That was hinted at by VG by their reference to multiple spaceports.
Orange man isn’t in power anymore so it will be gone soon enough lol
lmao how so? comparethisto zm and tell me how this is priced in
I’ve been slowly buying it too
You pussy.
i was gonna buy 1 contract lolll
I wanted the Xbox to yolo it to another dimension
Yes....for shares not sure about calls unless Leaps.
Nio 50 on friday
Mmmmm I relish in this. Good luck
RKT bagholders sell like crazy everytime this stock goes up .05$ could today be the day we finally break out to $22??
new MOON ETF has a 11% stake in NIO . Literally will be living up to its name
ZM calls, thank me later
Good luck. Don’t get me wrong. You win now. Enjoy earnings when NIO market cap corrects closer to XPEV
A nice tank in the market would be blessed rn
.27
Solar coming back ENPH
After this new bottom of 43.75. We’re hitting 50 pre earnings. I’m waiting til atleast 48 to even consider taking profit
ER today
Aint complaining just buying my nio :)
dude both, this last one was calls 2 weeks ago was puts .. the IV is just too low to give me a decent return and protect me from the stock going the wrong way these everyday 1-2% days with no fucking IV protection is fucking annoying, such a shitty market to be playing
Where do I go for my daily dose of PSTH confirmation bias? 

It's been bleeding since I put money while everything else is going up
aye as a nio bull this greatly pleases me XD saw it hit 46.2 and came right then and there
Rip all the rkt paper handers
Mulan 3
Lol. Maybe big companies that can weather the storm, but the "economy", absolutely not.
PLTR earnings after the bell?
[deleted]
PLTR DIP calls 50% off
I’ve seen you go around commenting this, what’s your reasoning?
sure hoping AMWL moons because i've been bag holding since the IPO 

i own TDOC as well just to be safe
Earnings today
I’d be happy to get in at $13 again sold for a profit today at top hopefully people don’t like the earnings and it drops $2
FSR 10 P exp Dec looks solid
are you retarded? NIO should be NPEV’s market cap. Similar amount of cars on road.
PLTR better climb dude
I bought a bunch of  11/20 100c at 0.25 when it was in the 80s and rode that bus to tendytown
do i buy more nio or buy PLTR/ XPEV
NIO is like a broken ATM that spits out money
I'm retarded and I need help:  I accidentally sold a call instead of buying one. If I sell the contract am I still obligated to sell my shares if some one chooses to exercise the option?
I’m not at any loss, hopped in this am
If RKT doesnt hit $24 today, I'm going to stop paying my mortgage in protest
went from 10% cash today to 60% cash. Trying to unwind up to 75-80% cash. Needed slightly green tech day today for sure.
Are you dumb? FUD for 8 months or rip the bandaid with a 1 month lockdown immediately. Geee i wonder whats better.
uh.
That MSFT call lmao. You’ve got balls son
I mean. I see bombing terrorists in Afghanistan as something good for humanity.
So many here who made it big last week are suddenly going to try and time the collapse and fail bigly. Just as I did. The market will not fall rates are low, no fear in the air just annoyance of our new normal.
Anyone buying CARR?
And the medal of the world best analyst goes to...

Someone else
So INO is waiting for approval right? What's the consensus on their vaccine?
Somehow you all go throughout your days using SQ to make all your purchases and then you sleep on it here
BLKN
who tf is playing rn? market on full hard mode
This thread sounds a lot like /r/pennystocks now with all the NIO talk. Shuttttt upppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
yes
We lose our life savings. Digitally.
Its about to Dip from the looks of it so might be the perfect time to buy shortly
Are there any professional election rigging companies? I’d like to long puts on all of them
Cause Cuck Schumer wants to ruin New York? Nah.
mid 40s ain’t no adult man you a grandma to these fools
[removed]
why is DIS mooning?
EV soaring like a majestic eagle & feasting on dead bear remains 🦅🔋📈☠️🐻
Heading to the Brrrrr cafe. Y'all want some?
Spy is stuck
Why did they dump 2 billion this morning then
Alright tough guy
DDOG is blowing up
Yes mate tendies town
Weedstocks gonna have another run up soon !
Fact
The keyword here is SELL
Ccp is the new ceo of baba
That isn't the burden of proof in an impeachment.
Uh oh
Mango forgot about Tik Tok and it’s “threat”
Can BABA do something
What’s your ideal entry point for pltr? They just touched $16 after being at $15 for a while
They’re used to it
holding an rkt call for today
Just sell that and buy into an 11/20
Jacked to the tits in PLTR 12/18 25c
NIO 48EOD NO REGRETS
Big money is having fun
[deleted]
China EV squad

🍆 💦
1/15 9c GE feels like the first non-retarded play I’ve made in a long time.
It’s in my IRA that I rarely, if ever, look at. 🤷🏼‍♂️
I dont even play NIO and I hope you're right
Don’t tease me RKT
Europe on lockdown. States going into lockdown. Virus completely uncontrolled. Market don't care.
I actually wanted to like it but between misspellings and the graph not displaying selected time periods correctly, I couldn’t do it.
I saw evidence of stock ticker fraud. Goldman wouldn’t let me within 69 feet of the ticker tape. It’s disgusting. To see such a great market be destroyed with such tremendous fraud.
2 buys for Rocket? Some guy on here had like 500+ 😂
This ain’t the top
How is this DD?
I see that but what actual formation has worked since April
Holy shit, i bought stocks at 30, sold on the dip abge now its pumping like crazy. Fuck.
Will PLTR come back up?
the real play is boomer stocks for the short term...shhh dont tell anyone.
Just canceled my pro max order sorry.
TSLA 430 tomorrow?
So glad I didn’t listen to you blowhards about NIO
Dude's got as many brain cells as pictures of coins that aren't his
Just cut your loses.
we dont care, NIO gang for life
[deleted]
XPEV did in 12 days what it took NIO a month to do. Jesus.

But XPEV beating earnings is definitely helping to drive NIO up. There's another EV earnings before NIO, but I can't remember it.
Will CARR get a bump from temperature controlled containers for COVID vaccines that must be stored at very cold temps? CEO on CNBC talking about it now...
Look at the vehicles they sell lol
RKT rising
DIS somehow green 😂
:)
My kinda DD
Comparing stock price and not market cap. Actually peak wsb
pumping so they can dump
what’s going on pltr
[deleted]
Lol remember all the gay bears last night? They r fuk
Strategy I guess not exit strategy*
NIO is pretty fun until it’s not.
That’s... not how this works bro. You long? You want people buying driving it up... you short? You want people selling. ... you... you ever traded before?

Under this logic, if you successfully swayed 100% of the population (assuming your logic is perfect), you would only lose money. 

So, your thesis fails the base case. Nice try though!
Come on fsly I need one more percent passed the high of day baby, just one more hit.
What do you think of recent news and post election market health?
I’m taking ur word for this
I am actually 18 lol. But I'm thinking of getting in on a Jan 17c. What do you think?
I’m going to start calling this market a Ponzi scheme like the guys on investing.com
Trading NIO is so easy just buy any dip no matter how small
Hearing good thing's about BCLI's NurOwn treatment for ALS, allegedly it's looking like it's going to pass Phase 3 trials near the end of the month. Something to keep your eyes on 👀👀👀
Why Fastly went up so much?
[deleted]
NIO is pumping on XPEV and LI earnings, but NIO has earnings right after. 

100 eom
How was JD 77 just a few days ago and why didnt I average down??
Always has. Already here.
no only just googbut other websites were down
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ExaTed the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
found the guy who bought puts
Sometimes bulls are blind
[deleted]
Forget about PLTR calls. You can at most afford 0.0001 of one PLTR stock
this market so gay lmao
I needed to see this ty
No shit did you see the volume of the dump at ATH?
Nothing changed between March and November except testing numbers /s

New therapeutics that are effective. Better knowledge of the disease and metabolic conditions it can induce. Basic staff experience of treating patients. Effective vaccines out in weeks to months. Trump/GOP put out 3 stimis - the Biden bus will definitely put out another
Easier said than done
Nephew cash out, for your own sake

They are reporting earnings only 6 weeks after going public. Why do you think? Would they be eager to release shit results?
yall got anymore shit to talk about RKT? 🤡
Nope
Hold
It's a technical correction, this stock has retard strength gonna be up big
I miss GME gainz
😎
Yup. Plug was one of my very first stocks I owned shares of. Sold at $14 but kept my eye in it and jumped back in with options.
Fucking hold. Earnings will make this stock 🚀 🌝
[deleted]
255*
Been priced in unfortunately
Same , just looking at it as a 200 dollar safeguard
R/babystreetbets
Bynd such a day trader heaven, 10%swing daily
SOLO is an electric car company that is under $5 per share and they have actual sales. Buy shares or 6/18/21 calls for tendies towns
[deleted]
NIO 150!!!
Get in NIO now while dipping!!
It's not about the money, it's about sending a message.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**WMT**|**$60**|**BUY PUT**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.02**|**$148.28**|**360**|**30**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhezavkw81iz077068o7a862) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/rocking_blocks/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Also indicates a buying spree
[deleted]
Holding Puts/vix calls through election week opened my mind in ways you can’t imagine. Can finally see the world as it is. Fake and gay
And......
fair
Someone buying travel, cruise lines and airlines pumping
3%?
Do more research on them all I can say
Did i buy INO too late?
BABA dip?
Who’s buying the new MOON ETF?
Same man pltr was easy but I don’t think I have the dick length to short NIO
Jesus Christ we have a legit triple top for SPY....
You're welcome for my service.
I wud nut
Lets see.  Nio is almost bankrupt with 1 billion in yearly revenue and hundreds of millions in losses. They are bjgger than GM.

GM makes 3 billion dollars a year profit and 120 billion in revenue.  

Nio is worth more.  Hm.
[removed]
Hope y’all saw my TME dd this morning
Behind dumpster at Wendy’s
BABA sold 74 $Billion worth of goods in four days during single’s day event. Calls are free money.
they just needed to refill the hydrogen tanks
AMD finally decided to stop being shite
Closes 35 after earnings tho
[deleted]
I sure hope so
[deleted]
I'm literally laughing at you right now, dumb BOBO.
Another lockdown is absolutely coming. Buy SQ, ZM, etc.
I sold my January calls when it hit 35 =[
Pump beyond meat
Lol what a fake pump. GTFO of here SPY. Shutdowns incoming gaybois
Welcome to a world where they are back into political power. Rose colored glasses are on now for 4 years
[deleted]
Why pltr? They’re barely a data company
NIO has no chill this is ridiculous!
NIO
Nio
Just imagining JPOW sitting in a shitty ass office somewhere directly buying billions in  AAPL stock through a shitty phone on Robinhood
I watched a youtube video on technical analysis and im pretty sure I can tell the future now
THis is a shitty take even for wsb.
Damn well done!
i exited at 46.06
What are the odds NIO hits 70 by January?
I wouldnt trust buying top of NIO all it takes is one retard taking profits from here
Who here is praying for a dump ?
I need AAPL to go up 2% today. Uh oh
not done til it reaches 100
Fb leaps (like 2022) are free money
EOD 50 would be beyond my wildest dreams.
So this is the guy giving me free money
[deleted]
My christmas gifts depend on it.
thanks for your kind comment.
It would be my first time selling during an earnings since i used to always subscribe to the 'hold' meme and ended up feeling stupid about it. best of luck to you
And 37 after earnings
358 eod
I’ve been in and out on plug for a few months, definitely a generous lover
[deleted]
Spy wrong way buddy
Accepting all downvotes until NIO hits 35 after earnings. Then I will donate my tendies and make you all rich. 

Pump NIO boys. Put my puts on sale. I’ll bail you out when it crashes.
What... it's spelled correctly you doofus.
I'm mostly cash and feel pretty happy
Ahhh not sure how I feel about my Jan 300 baba call I just hopped in finally. High r/r? -.- hmm
Damn that sounds like the future right there!
Nobody tell him
What does pltr do?
NIO... LI ER is tomorrow Morning PM... LET'S RIDE !!!! NIO $100+
yea after a 5:1 reverse split
i know everyone mad at rkt but it’s mooning rn hehe
Buy high sell low!! thats the name of the game
BUY THE NIO DIP!!
I don’t see a red candle buckaroo
What makes you say that? Xpeng earning made the stock go up today I see that as a good sign for NIO
Really digging my morning rotation from BNTX to MRNA
I think 50 EOD but I’ll take 48
So stop loss orders on RH are more of a suggestion than a guarantee? Very cool.
STOCK: up 280% this year 
STOCK: goes down .07%
WSB: did you buy the dip bro? You lost out
Ouch lmaooooo.
I'm debating getting into a Jan 21 17c too, what do you think?
PLTR Avg Vol: 40M

PLTR Vol Today: 32M

PLTR: -3.01%

If volume is high and stock price is falling, this indicates a sell off
agreed. Let me guess your age, 39? jkjk
Yeah, and when you were a kid you thought that adults are smart. In this world everyone's a retard, some just hide it better than others
Just sold for profit my first weeklies with NIO idk how you guys do that. Anyways whats some good long calls.
So what was the jpow speech about?  Everything going back up it seems
why u do this
Golly gosh CNBC makes COVID seem like such a good news story
I see it going down
The dead sea has a salinity of 280 parts per thousand, making it one of the saltiest bodies of water on earth.  It pales in comparison to the amount of salt required to make someone login to reddit just to downvote every wsb comment because their retarded FDs didn't print.
Makes sense. April just didn't make any fucking sense, everything in the world was wrong and stocks said fuck you I'm going to the moon.
here comes the dump $NIO?
Aww thank you. I like you too friend
NIO 47 by noon
I know there's a lot of stupidity going on there but who tf thinks it's "2 sense"? That's the best market indicator here; inverse whatever he says
Obligatory "first one is free"
CNBC wrecking my puts continuously talking about vaccines.
Bought that SQ dip tho!🤑🤑
How it’s feeling 😂😂
If I can’t make my mind up should I just go cash gay? Or is that gayer than a gay bear?
"Fuck your puts" -The Market
Theta talks going well
40 contracts , LFG!
Hey! 🤬 What was that about NIO?
Stimulus confirmed !!! Sorry bears !!
[deleted]
Sir you made $13
Well this aged great
Imagine not dumping 75 percent of your PLTR shares at open today only to rebuy them for 12 a share while holding the rest for the slim chance ER causes it to moon.
Good plan I’m going to copy you
fucking sell
Imagine not buying puts on AAPL when it hits 120
[deleted]
Keep PLTR longs (2/19/21) before earnings or hold?
NIO finishes today at $48, opens at $50 tomorrow. Get in.
Aight. I'm going to stop selling covered calls on PLUG.
foke ya. loaded up to tha titz
Chanting tmrw, u joining?
Can’t wait for the red circle and the ‘fuck you, I’m never trading options again, I hate you all’ post
At this point I am completely fine with missing out of NIO
I’d cum
Shhhhhhhhhh....don't tell them
You're an actual idiot.
Would you guys mind if spy decided to die right now?
logically i want to short NIO, but retard strength too strong.
Oh shit chill NIO
PLTR 17 EOD
Google "Apple M1"
[deleted]
Rip I’m down so much
Im never holding overnight again holy shit
[deleted]
ZM definitely going back to 500+
With an IV of 450, pass
Same. Pain
There is none it’s cold holdd
They should make an award for NIO at WSB
Idk extended my puts for December we will see I really want PLTR to go down so I can chuck the whole portfolio in there cause long term PLTR to the moon and that’s a 100% fact BP is a 50/50
AAL still up? 🤨🤨
I need another stock market song to jam on the way to tendie town boys
Why can’t spy just fall once like wtf it’s so manipulated
Yep, I’ve bought twice during this drop. Fully expect them to get rolling again any day now.
Is ABBV worth looking at?
It's moving with the other chinese EV stocks. XPEG earnings were great so NIO earnings also expected to be great
Vix is rising :(
Missing an opportunity to reference the magnum opus of YOLO should be an automatic ban
Bought some more 355p 11/13
DADDY THIEL TAKE ME TO THE MOON
Before you know it, they will own so much damn data. I own the stock and I know I'll be thanking myself when I'm 40.
Easy money.
No news? Xpev earnings was this morning, how is half this sub so retarded
Nvax parabolic
So wsb successfully pumped nio ?
wtf happened
SE 🚀
NIO $50+ in the next 1/2 Hour.
LI... my pants is getting a little tight 😳
Lol I thought that stock died 3 weeks ago
AMWL!!! Hooray for my calls! 
Totally agree this is gonna blow up.
Were you selling calls?
That piece of shit is destined to come crashing down.
but what if it beats earnings by 500%? Maybe I'll be rich enough to afford a Tesla?
Lockdowns now would be good for the economy long-term. Its a beneficial thing.
The volume on PLTR... somebody hug me
12/18
i put $20 in robin back in march and logged back in this month to $520 so i wanna keep it movin, but thx for advice
 Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp - huge call sweeps coming in after earnings.  Anyone play this?  Canadian EVs... it's cheap enough but anything EV has been mooning lately once the news gets a sniff of them.
Google it
Glowing reviews of Apples new processors.
You hit this little button labeled “sell”.
[deleted]
are you stupid
Ya, really struggling to get above $280. I was going to sell Monday when it was almost $300 pre market, but it opened way lower. Sad
I don’t know how you people trade TSLA options... that was the most stressful 5 minutes of trading I’ve done.
No TSLA pls stop
agreed. idk why but i can feel this company going up to 20-30 in the next year
Who checked the ballots joe?
I said yesterday when it dipped below 40 that it was the last time it would be under 40
I know as soon as I sell this BKNG put the fucker is gonna plummet... Guuuhhhhhhhh. Such torture
Vaccine talks.
holy sheet
Mango man lost already
Last nights NIO chant was a success
Bears in shamble. Their world is spinning.
[deleted]
Imagine not buying the PLTR dump knowing it’ll reverse
ESG investors
See you, space cowboy.
Done and done 👏👏😤😤
[deleted]
Always has been🔫
Lockdowns are literally priced in stfu
A "friend of a friend" so take it with a grain of salt has said they are going to smash the earnings.
Toilet papered handed my 11/13 NIO calls but I am up 74% on my 11/20 50's.
I should sell my NIO weekly now before the fade and theta kill my profit. 

But I won’t.
Philip Morris dip before it takes off again
Verttt
someone here called the fsly pump today. congrats on tendies
Guys look at PLUG. -4% to +2% lmao in 5 mins
NIO mooning on no news = guaranteed fat haircut at earnings
I thought JPow was speaking today?
🌈🐻 downvoters spotted in thread.

Hey 🌈🐻 's - I heard NIO and his pals ran the train on your dad.
[deleted]
Holy fuck i never thought I would be like the average retard on this tread but today's the day. Just realized my portfolio consists of all Chinese ev stonks. And my calls are mostly in weed and movie theaters, and I'm up. Fuckin feels bad man. FUCK
NIO GOING FOR 47 by noon LOL
I just got in for the first time at $15.27 average. Hoping a lot of people grabbed their chance today.
Truth
Still think this the way to go?
NIO wants 50, let’s make this happen!
hah yea thats wat i went with
Have a few Doctor Friends who treat patients via telemedicine apps and they seem to love the UI of Amwl over Teladoc. They have gotten similar responses from patients too.
Amwl earnings call today after hours. Calls are free money.
Any idea when BABA reports singles day results?
Dad?
I’m buying up. Good price. Back to July range
Hedging kinda is a waste of money tbh. Just don’t put more than you’re willing to lose and get out when you have to
PLTR 12/4 15.50
I'm not feeling good about the 49c now lol
He has shares they don’t expire you dement
oh no! my internet points! how will i ever live without them?!
you bet on a crash happening? Or you mean you just bought December SPY put credit spreads too?
LHX only has monthly options AND for the current month there is >3K OI on call options for NOV.....GAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
It's like I'm allergic to the big plays. 

I hit the DKNG hype early on it Covid, but haven't hit a meme stock yet
If you didn’t buy the NIO dip yesterday, you hate money
Love having debit spreads for nio that plus my shares beautiful
What about Lucid? Any feedback?
Dont need to. I owned both
It’s been consolidating just about long enough now. Going to moon again in the next few days I am betting (literally)
[deleted]
[removed]
I’m broke
Uh no
12/4 15.50
[We did it boys. bought the dip and held like Chad bulls. we deserve this. We’re actually gonna make money on a meme stock ](https://youtu.be/-50NdPawLVY)
Yes why not
always has been
Sometimes the retarded groupthink works. Keep buying NIO folks!
This is the way
i have a 8 48C's sells that im SWEATIN' for this friday.
[deleted]
Maybe tiktok news
That PLTR dip was a no brainer
Didn't think we could both get fucked
Nothing makes this market go down. Can't we just have 1 more circuit breaker? I need a good dip to buy
Generally speaking SPY can only move up or down and I always seem to choose the wrong direction. Like trying to plug my USB in at night... it’s a 50/50 that I am 0% on getting correct
Enjoy it. The rest won’t be that easy. Be careful.
[removed]
I think I bought low... will update.
Yup. Ask any top engineering schools and this is the most coveted place to work at. They are working on really neat things that they can't disclose (or myself can't) because of their relationship with their customers. For anyone really interested, check out the letter from CEO in the prospectus to get a good feel of who they are and what they stand for.  


Not everything that can be counted counts...and not everything that counts can be counted.

*Emptor caveat.*
cause its filled with retards wat u expect?
I am sure a poster here
Shares
Awesome glad it paid off
Wtf is this retard pump. Stimmy talks going well?
Oh yeah!
i slept through the night on mine, had my helmet on though
You should buy now
MMs can't hold back the tide. This is very bullish
I’m in at 13.8, not sure if it’ll drop back to that level tomorrow so holding.
see you tomorrow
[deleted]
literally this. I think the day is coming soon
Anyone else RH lag on open market this week? I've been lagging this whole week...
That's what I was thinking, just helps to hear others say it
whats up with INO, calls?
u have more than one friend that works at pltr ?
Not under my name
[deleted]
I think 300 should be easy for for FB but it’s not
Been riding the train man. It’s been fucking wild and I’m confused as to why it’s gotten little attention on this sub lol.
More down equals more up
any.
Lol. My 43c 11/20 is sitting nicely.
Lost $20. Not the end of the world. (I'll just keep telling myself that)
FSLY go back down so I can buy more calls😫
I bought the same thing this morning on the dip , hoping for that vaccine pump Monday
me, badly
you’re an idiot for listening to retards on wsb
Sell just in case Honorable President Trump won the office. If so, hell bring the hammer down on the oppressive big tech.
Anyone buying the PLTR dip?
Zoom 🚀
I just can’t comprehend people that don’t think NIO is gonna get sliced on earnings. This is all run up. I really hope you guys take your fucking profits
[deleted]
BUY PLTR DIP
Morning pump before the dump. I’m head to cash out. NYC talking 2nd shutdown. Could this be for real?
Totally damaged
This is what a PLTR bear looks like

https://youtu.be/6w-QIgMIydo
Bears just never get a break lmao
there’s no way ZM could hit 466 tmrw right...... right??
quick everyone spam the buy button
[deleted]
BABA just sitting there in neutral...
Unusual activity options in a mass purchase of DIS puts for earnings today, hope whales are ready to get absolutely fucked in the ass by the mouse
i cashed out at 45.5 and didnt buy back in on the dip because im a bitch
The chip manufacturer AMD uses also just threw down 1.5B on a state of the art facility in Arizona. Im long on them as well.
Fraud in full effect
Oh hi Elon.
What strike ?
[deleted]
Portfolio going up 💸💸
Sooooo, what time is the rug pull?
Stonks don't have theta.
COME ON NIO
which one of you paper handed PLTR? Show yourself.
Hahahaha
Play?
Time to get a real watch.
To Concur majority of the EV market around the world

Just own TSLA and NIO and XPEV

IMO
Yup
I smell a PLTR spike come earnings, mmmmm
V shaped recovery
The US of A # Trillions debt

Wake up
Loading 11/20 NIO Calls like a MOFO !!!
[deleted]
Might buy back in as well.
See you tomorrow
they are making money in reality, but liabilities are being booked to negate that. The big liability accrued to date will reverse next quarter and those profits will likely be realized.
give me a +20% nio day
Should I buy tomorrow
i wanted to hold NIO for many years but swing trading it is so much more fun
And I sold my DDOG 11/13 85C at open, take me out back plz
that is a massive candle lmao
NIO will
wow, guys, I don't wanna see ya'll get hurt, but NIO is not rallying to $65 in a day
[deleted]
So this is paying off really well right now. +293%
PLTR= NIO+ XPEV
Do I sell at a loss or let it expire worthless . Im down over 30%
Bought back my NIO 44c for a $340 loss and sold 49c 11/13
No. That March crash was fueled by many things not just covid. It would take a massive unknown catalyst for us to get back to those lows.
Sounds legit...
GET IN PLTR
Not even close.
I took a couple lotto puts yesterday just in case they come out with bad news and it tanks back to $5 a share 😂
This market is retarded
SPY 360 11/16 calls, ez money?? last three weeks have been: surge monday, slow fade through the week, sell off friday's
Na
NIO 11/13 50c free money!
Yeah seems like bs
Regular 18th should do, shouldn't take PINS that long to reach profit target even with red days
[deleted]
Omg.   I am having seizures watching this NIO order flow.  The volume!  $46!
Fuckin' gorgeous.
Mango in here downvoting everything
Aged like fine wine
jesus fucking christ option selling has been a lose lose game these past few weeks 16k in the hole fuck this market im taking a break
buy longer dated
Market fake af. MMs keeping it propped up to prevent 🍑 from going 🍌🍌🍌 Trade accordingly.
Who let the DDOGs out? Who? Who? Who? Who-who?
fuck all of you faggost suggesting puts, fuck you all
Spy puts literally never pay off. Until one day they do. Law of the land
NIO heard the rumors and decided to moon
[removed]
What sad fuck is downvoting everyone? Karma is real buddy.
Self reminder

Do not chase
Do not chase
Do not chase
It’s going to 35 bro
PLUG is straight up vertical right now
In the money calls or out of the money calls on PLTR ?
AMD 😛
"My relationship woth Ike is a toxic one. I know its bad for me, and I always end up hurt in the end. But in the beginning, its intoxicating." -Tina Turner
$PLTR ruined my life today.
Odds election get over turned are somewhere between zero and coup. If it does though there’s definitely no national lockdowns.
BUY PLTR DIP IF YOU LIKE MONEY
[deleted]
G U H  my poots
I have the same call man. Was really hoping for a run so I could dump these things.
I dunno though, man. Looking like it might be the next BYND run lol
Yes!
Why January?
[deleted]
Hey gaiiis, tsla is doing that thing!
Same.
TSLA BBY
I contribute 1% to that market cap per month.
And contact tracing for covid. Play both sides so you always come out on top.
No no it’s funny. You can feel his rage through the downvotes.
Tesla taking off
You gotta pump those numbers up
Same except I had 12 $6 leaps
[deleted]
Still doesn't make sense when all tech stock are up
Should have sold and bought into Curevac
Bought a single NIO put OTM, you're all welcome for the NIO 100+ eod.
Also have spy 335 dec4 puts because I hate money
Yeah!
155*
feels good being balls deep in JD rn
NIO is the next LK
[deleted]
FOMO'd into NKLA calls. I'm so dumb
Same lmao
buy some stock too, you'll thank yourself when you're 40
Allright ....if no gme pop take the 1.5k loss roll out calls to next week or let them ride in the hopes of a pop tomorrow?
Good morning downvote lad
Lmfao. Snap back to reality brother.
Priced in
PLTR pattern bout to breakout
[removed]
And then a 69 with your favorite partner!
Tesla on the bounce back to 440 🙏🤙
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Bluebirdx- the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO $65+ EOD.
TSLA @420. BUY BUY BUY
Dumbass I bought at the top
Earnings
Tims edging
Square how do you beat by a billion and get this price action
Also , how do you sell 74 billion and don’t gap up... 
baba come on
Gotcha I misread, that's a solid plan
Come on INO hold tight
Hey, money is money. If the returns for Sauron are good, then their must be solid demand from the Orcs.
TSLA is still the king bois, remember that
Can’t wait for NIO to bust through to 47

NIO TO 47 by noon?
Not how this works
god damn lol
Hold or sell FB 300c for January
Zoom out
Just sold a bunch of 13 PLTR puts. IV is insane and wouldn't mind cheap shares if it tanks 20% on earnings.
Seriously, if reddit wouldn't ban me, I'd have a perfect word for him
It’s a piece of shit boomer stock
Amd has better chips than intel and on par gpus with Nvidia that come out next month. Tell me why this won’t be 100 by December.
Next meme for sure
I'm long PLTR as everyone should be. The price is low compared to other data companies.
VIX got smacked around in the last week but still hasn’t touched its gap up from February. Crazy
All these PLTR shills😭😭😭
Good.
This was me with $TTD
Spy 3 months looks intimidating
Fsly and PTON paying my mortgage
I absolutely was. I bought a decent amount of the dip before a stimulus. I’m just on the lookout for 10-20% savings and I’m going back in. Mind you I’m running a high 6 figure portfolio so can’t risk it.
How does one forget abut a $4,300 investment.
Pretty much.
Covid is dead by March
Baba calls for January 🤑
[deleted]
So when are buying SPY puts to profit off the freefall that will come when the election gets overturned and the US locks down again?
But hey we cant be mad that we locked in profits
Stop eating peoples old french fries, AAPL have some self respect.

DONT YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN FLY
TELA back to natural 420.69$
😂😂
[deleted]
The idiot who bought PLTR calls and is downvoting everything really needs to find something better to do, in fact I think I hear his wife’s boyfriend calling...
Lmao, a pullback on a huge rally means this stock is going for long term.
NIO is not the next TSLA.

TSLA is the next TSLA.

Don't get fucked by NIO. Take advantage of this pump and dump on NIO to get back into TSLA.

You think this year was great, wait til you see the tendies elon has in store long term.
Classic
anyone else stop coming on the daily threads as often because all you hear is niiobiobionionionionionionionion even though you have NIO calls?
Alright I bought one NIO call.  Fuck you fuckers for brainwashing me.
Shut up nerd
[deleted]
PLTR volume is insane 30 million less than an hour.
I have nearly my entire account balance on that exact thing happening.
Lol. I just saw that someone is downvoting every comment.
Thank you. This sounds interesting
I think it sells off too tbh but I just sold mine. I think it’ll go higher up later in today
You are in save waters my friend
Thank you $NIO for making my YTD green
No nio dip. F!
Bankruptcy fixes any amount right?
Yeah Enron was always pretty wild man
Trump just tweeted he'll concede loss and congratulate Biden if NIO breaks $50 by eow.
Hell yea tard
Triple top on spy. Get out while you can
JD back at $88.88

Gonna be a long winter for 🇺🇸 
Go long on 🇨🇳
The puts I’m selling we’re up 300% at one point and now they’re -75%. RIP to the guy who didn’t take profit
[deleted]
at open.
S O N O and B I L I are the moves
Whats happening in 6 month with PLTR?
Why the fuck is INTC dropping so much.
No I'll be selling the call side, so need to stay flat or tank. But you can collect 50% selling the $16c exp tomorrow
Virus concerns, oh no I’m so concerned
JD mooning cause of Singles day??
[deleted]
No one gives a fuck about your shares
Well this isn’t looking good but my ZM and NIO calls offset some of the losses
69% increase then new target at 420$
[deleted]
PLTR is dead gd
[deleted]
both riding up and down
I did, don't know about the other guy
Not worried, my profit is already locked in lol
Date?
Damn JD going back to 90 for real
Lmfaooo
Take it for what it's worth--friends work at PLTR and can confirm that their modular process improved almost by ten folds. It's spelled out in their prospectus filings and this should give a huge improvement in their contribution margins moving forward. Maybe they'll touch that in the earnings call.
It was interesting, but I wouldn't recommend it
obv not but i got mines :)
One that's not NIO -.-
Feeling cute, might wake up broke tomorrow. Sure does feel the same.
Is anyone worried about a similar March crash with more Covid restrictions put in place? I just sold some December SPY put credit spreads and got a little nervous about that.
Everyone freaking out about nio up 6% and Xpev is up 12
that is true i never really thought about that haha. thanks man
BABA BOYS SHITTING BRICKS
I’m in!
Everything is legal in the sdow realm.... its time to dddddddddd *duel*
Smoke one for the boi
[deleted]
[deleted]
last chance for PLTR calls
Sold nio to early fml
Thank you zoom 🙏
NIO 11/20 $45 👀👀
[deleted]
Does anybody have the DD about the ratio of time spent in bear vs bull markets and how this year's fast bear market will lead to the bull market ending on Thanksgiving?
in 16 but thanks for your empathy G
bro got an hp computer
Come on BABA its ok, go join your brothers.
[deleted]
3 2 1 let’s jam
Take your ass to r/investing.  This sub is not for beginners, you’re going to lose all your money here
NIO 50 EOD so obvious
Need a play for lunch drop your favorite tickers🙏
Have a day JD. Have a day!
Betting on shit show.
Nah. I wont put $10k in nio 1dte
Spy needs to die so bears can rise
Mostly in GLD shares right now.  Question: If gold is a safe haven why does this feel unsafe af??
$290s are a better play
55*
You can do both at the same time.
I sold all but one yesterday
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/bigchillinlat don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If this keeps up, NIO is gonna make me enough money to buy one of their NIO houses.
i swear lol
Lol, imagine being the tech consultant and developer for MKUltra.
Man, you’re too innocent, asking help on this sub instead of searching through the shit in here for actual good DD.
You’re no autist. You full retard.

But the first one’s free. Sooooooooooo..
PLTR.
Why?
Shoulda bought puts the second the dilution got announced like I did. Up 160% and counting
May the best retard win
There's no reason to hold shares when high delta ITM calls have such little extrinsic value.
Help! 

I can’t find the sell button on Nio!
There’s only the buy button! 

NIO TO THE MOON
5x the tendies my lad.
NIO pulling the impossible and saving my trainwreck of a portfolio
Moron dip buyers about to get lifetime wrecked
What did you buy?
What makes him a genius? Because he’s losing money like the rest of us autistic cucks?
[deleted]
Thank you NIO
NIO is hitting 50 EOW
Honestly, that is the safest bet. even if you guess wrong and it tanks, 400% IV will take all profits away.
Don’t worry it’ll be back to 30 soon
Not as bad as those chineese coffee boys on Facebook. Even after they got caught cheating. And delisted.
PLTR is going to have a 46% increase in earnings from last Q3. Bears are fucked
Damn. You must be making bank everyday.
Did you buy immediately after open?
Get up there you bitch
Fuck you BABA. Look at your brother JD, he’s doing so well
Makin fat stacks with my 2 shares of nio
[deleted]
I just went on an upvote spree bc fuck whoever just downvotes bc they’re losing money
This ain’t even a gamble you are just a retard
Any specific dates for December?
Sold half PLTR puts for 100%
If I get a $30 day out of ZM I will be eating Wendy's spicy chicken Sammy tonight
Enjoy this moment while you can, retard
Gotta aim high lol
[deleted]
NIO 50c 1/15 who’s in?
NIO 👁👄👁📈
I bought 1,000 at $4.35 and forgot about them. This has been a nice surprise.
[deleted]
DADDy ELON for life!
Baba you suck balls
its gonna break below 15 again here in the next hour
DIOOOOOOOOOOOO
Cant find the sell button
buying NIO is like buying a shitcoin. change my mind
@ 46 right now? 😳
I watched the Zoom cast live, it was awesome. I remember it well as that was the first time I did shrooms.
SELL
No and no.

2 different open positions...
So did they make money this quarter or not? 

It's very very obvious that a stock sub 2 bil market cap and 1 bil in revenue is undervalued. Bring it on
sir this is casino
Yes. You’re missing the fact that gambling on gut instinct means nothing.
It will hit 60 tomorrow!
[removed]
NGL I would have sold my NIO weekly calls when it hit $45 so I still would have gotten FOMO, but definitely not as bad as selling at $43 yesterday 😭
My January calls are still up 20% today though
Made 45% and got out! Good looks retard
Anyone know how to fix rh so it doesn’t show the full 24 hours
we think paypal or sq will be more profitable/useful in the next year? thinking 2021 leaps
What do y’all think of Vroom
you weren't here in April were you?
DO IT
Tf is Russell 2000 pumping for? More vaccine news?
Yes - found the other PCG call holder! Slow and steady on this one.
Just posted about him lol, he hasn’t downvoted mine
don't waste your money
this shit has been posted thousand times, stop it
someone asked earlier what a good buy and hold entry for PLTR would be. I am here to answer that by saying the 16 put I wrote is looking like an entry I have to consider as "good".
Who is playing PLTR for earnings?
They are called SIN funds and tend to be filled with drugs, alcohol, guns, etc.

Their revenues are driven higher by this sub.

Edit: they typically do pretty well in recessions.
Did you cry in your pillow typing this?
Buying maybe
I’ll wave to you from 130%
Is nio going to run into tmrw this way?
[deleted]
Ya hate to see us winning
But you have to hand it to him. He is the sole reason the shift to EVs is happening in such manner. He showed everyone that it is possible. HAIL DADDY ELON
Wtf NIO wtf ?!?!
Yes those are the only options.
NIO takes care of its own!
If aapl breaks 120, its doing 130 in short succession.  Tapping on 120 yet again.  Resistance weakens until....
Spy looks like its gonna jump off a cliff.......so......calls instead obviously
Bought some 11/20 18c PLTR yesterday at the suggestion of someone here, luckily got out right in time at open lol
Welcome to real life and your rent is due in 18 days!
hi
You guys think nio can balloon up to 100 in a year ? Honestly feel like getting in now you’ll still make a decent lil profit
Imagine selling an nio 11/13 42c yesterday close when it broke even at ~ 43.11
Last chance
[deleted]
I’m sorry for the spam but like. I just. I truly truly truly hope no one here uses webull.
Amazon only has 1 prime and they’re worth over a trillion. You really want to short a company with 5?
Look at the volume on these NIO candles, holy shit
NIO 12/24 $60c stupid move?
NIOOOO
Remember when NIO was down a few percent? Seems like ages ago.
Is NIO the best or what?  😆
Old news, and not anything the market cares about as this was a predetermined sale of shares started in August based on hitting a specific price target to execute.  It had nothing to do with the announcement other than the stock hit the price target.
God I love you NIO
GUH! My Xbox just shit the bed and I didn’t pre order a new one. I was gonna play the new AC all weekend! 😢 Anyone know if stores will still have them? And if not when they will start restocking? I tried calling WMT and you can imagine how that went.
man - I have reentered back into NIO but looking at those 77 15 Jan 30Cs I sold after the first pump to 28 really hurts lol
I think this thing sells off post er though. So sell bear call spreads instead?
Sell calls
Crayon artists tell me what it means when all of the candle patterns in the last week have been downward facing U
Oh no
 If the market rips while this is going on... biden lockdown, potential delayed stimulus, mango not leaving, rising covid cases....then jesus I won't even be mad I was wrong because that makes zero fucking sense.
Which of you fags went broke on PLTR calls and is downvoting everyone🤡
Damn, guess I gotta study harder
Apprantly there’s someone downvoting Us, so why not we upvote each other?
He can’t downvote this to zero lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Baba flat the past few days, I'm feeling a breakout. Doubling down on these 280cs for EOM
400 shares @ 10.20
The first one is usually free, looks like the second call you buy is gonna be free. You kinda screwed yourself buying a call before earnings.
[deleted]
Buy PLTR dip??
Will pump anything, just draw some racing stripes and give it a few wheels
That NIO volume
My relationship with FSLY is a toxic one. I know its bad for me, and I always end up hurt in the end. But in the beginning, its intoxicating.
NIO 46 congrats retards
Dipped a toe in
What question
Lol Xpev has to be a scam, but nicely done call holders
the play is to not revenge trade and to be patient
German conspiracy
Can’t say no to 65% gains in 2 days!
Why is the price taking a shit then...
Zoom is gonna blow up again fellas don’t miss it
NIO fanbois might be the worst I've seen yet
Always updoot for manul cat
I went for blnk. Got in at the very low
Damn no morning nio dip today
[buy puts](https://twitter.com/northmantrader/status/1326617641625202689?s=21)
Looking at doing some PLTR $20c with a 1/15/21 exp. I feel like it should be a fairly safe bet. Am I missing anything?
Just wait until the guy above you expires worthless post earnings
This morning, there was a guy asking if they should fomo  into pltr at open and 10 people replied YES.
Baba 325c were $700 2 weeks ago. Load up now
spy puts
Man, IV crush is a fucking bitch eh? At least I'm holding until 2021/2022
> solvency crisis imminent

Who will be having a solvency crisis? REITs? The banks who lent to them?
Sdow calls? Is this legal?
I just pooped my pants
ME BUYING ALL THE FRACKING NIO DIP
Patience bro
He found you lol
My goodness, NIO. I bought calls yesterday on a whim and up 75%... I remember buying shares of this in fall 2018 as IPO and riding the wave until like ~$15 or so and after selling I would periodically check it out months later and it was always in the $1-2 range. Insane lol
PLTR DIP earnings today
He always gets his
[deleted]
0dte spy put
If it gives it’s gonna hurt
Hedging with some SPY puts. I don't trust this disconnect from reality.
Spy about to take off rn
Maybe try and sell at a break even point but yeah it’s gonna tank after hours
Thoughts on ARKG + ARKQ?
Just go to your nearest hood, they be slangin cards on the streets, probably more reliable than rando redditors on wsb.
Buy the pltr dip that shit is gonna be on a steady incline till close
The Pfizer CEO sold $5M of his shares after the vaccine announcement: https://www.npr.org/2020/11/11/933957580/pfizer-ceo-sold-millions-in-stock-after-coronavirus-vaccine-news-raising-questio

isn't that suspicious? Puts on everything, maybe?
It’s a Wolf of Wallstreet quote...
It kinda of looks like he made the big man cry
That’s America you want to die 🇺🇸
NIO fought back against the mental illness it caught this morning and is THRIVING, bears hate to see it
I'm thankful I didn't. Expecting MM to plunge it to 14. They've crashed it from 15 to 13.20, I'm not surprised if they will do the same from 17 to 14. For now I'm 5k shares in, will average down to minizme risk
400% IV on PLTR 11/12 puts, if you don't collect your 50% profit, you're brain dead
I bought the dip
He's going to be the boom in this boomer stock.
Is this how the markets will be when Biden is president?
My boomer connection has informed me that he is selling some of his shares today as protection. He sold off some last week as well.
You win.
lost my whole account I have 350$ left. please give me a good play I'm desperate
My NIO and XPEV are killing it
I dont even know what pltr is or sells but the ceo looks like a mad man I’m in!
Yes sir.  Bleeding green
Diamond hands
Shoulda done that a half hour ago.
Was beating myself up yesterday for paper handing my PLTR calls at close and seeing hulk dildos AH and pre-market. Now I don't feel so bad anymore.
It’s at 46
shares yes, options no
Sorry, when NIO hit $43. Not my premium. It was close to a 50% loss though, which I thought was a win when it had opened at -80%
I was a business man.... doing business
Welcome to the club my friend
Nah. I aint buyin nio at this price. F
XPEV BEAT EARNINGS HUGE!! 

NIO WILL LIKEY BEAT EARNINGS LIKE HULK!!
Be patient
The dude who bought PLTR calls downvoting everything since he broke af now😂
Things are at the stage where the fed literally cannot even back off from the market without collapsing the entire thing. If they were to end QE its over, assets are so inflated they need neverending QE just to keep them this high up.
March calls I can wait
Will baba go back up today or should I just sell
I dunno ab blast off maybe slowly grind it’s way up to like 83
Yes sell ASAP you gotta lock in those losses. Don’t give them time to go back up
NIO might actually fuck around and hit 50 before earnings
I love having no idea what play to make and just watch the market all day.
bad earnings? maybe try to read more than just the EPS number.
TSLA always goes back to 420. Every time it dips 5-15 below, buy a 417.5 call and sell at 420. Works until it doesn’t.
[deleted]
Thank you for your service
who wants to break it to him?
I'm just here for the PLTR ride. Have feb 2021 calls. 😎
this chop at 355 is weird
All good points.

One correction:   the warrant liability accrual was $64.93M on the balance sheet as of 9/30.   100% of this will get reversed out for a GAAP gain (as it was accrued as a GAAP expense previously).   This accrual was for the loan warrants only as there was a provision that the company would have to buy them back for cash in some instances.   Because the loan warrants were all exercised, the company will never be required to buy them for cash and the liability is gone.

I completely agree on the LEAPS plays.   It's like free money.
Aaaaand it’s drilling
Fuck should I fomo into nio?
I’m in at $16.67 🤡

It’s a long hold for me though.
We are losing the battle against the fucking GME shorts so sad instutions always won
r/smallstreetbets
NKLA is laughing stock at best
How could they have made that more clear?
👋🏾
imagine buying fsly now for morgan stanley to sell to u
AMD is a dead fish
I sold 3 Nio 58c for 11/20 and I don’t even feel safe anymore ):
Waiting for my 401k to get here next week. Need to get into NIO and PLTR
Anyone buying the SQ/PYPL dip?
JD way better
10 shares
Spy starts its historic blow off top run up right fucking now
I bought LI too high and even I'm making money now lmfao
PALANTIR is next
Long 800 shares @ 6.1
100x 01/15 9c

My hedge against the dumb shit I keep doing with RKT
Looks like PLTR got altitude sickness
You can tell based on the alphabets of the day as to who will win. THursday - THeta Gang wins today..
This PLTR shit happens all the time. Anticipated earnings release means it dips in the morning and rockets in the afternoon
I got out at $75. Feelsbadman
PYPL better
It’s just not going down
I hear water is good this time of year, very in season.
We will be in valhalla tomorrow brother. Diamond hands all the way. Godspeed.
3 calls
Nio gets me sexually aroused.  I'm niocurious now.
Thank you for your sacrifice. Up 18% at the moment
Bought some long calls this am after that dip but not with all my capital. Just a bit
Sell puts
I wouldn’t dream of holding through earnings. I’m selling on the run up. In hindsight maybe I should’ve waited to buy after LI earnings but it’s a YOLO for a reason.
Finally someone who doesn’t have like 2000 shares of it. Are you selling some of yours or keeping it?
Dude you did for a couple of minutes this a.m. I sold half my position off.  I’m incredibly bullish on this long term. If you’re not holding weeklies diamond hand this shit and buy more on the dips
Nobody cares about your 3rd world country bro
when do we think ZM will peak for the day???
**SEN. GRASSLEY ON COVID-19 RELIEF NEGOTIATIONS: 

"There Hasn’t Been Any Discussion Yet Between Us Senate Majority Leader Mcconnell and House Rep. Speaker Pelosi, but Mcconnell’s Not Going to Rely on Us Treasury Sec. Mnuchin Anymore to Do the Dealing."


This is gonna hurt
TIL
i'm lovin it
SPCE going green👀
just bought pltr at 16, long time hold here!
You downvoting piece of bear pussy
Who is this fuckface down voting everything,  identify yourself pussy
Lol NOT EVEN 1030 AND WE HIT 46!!!
BABA forcing me to eat ramen for dinner for 4 days in a row
$46.08 now...So much for that idea
When is GME going to outer space?
>sell those shits.
Meeeee
Lmao I bought the PLTR dip fuck me
took my nio profits and dumped it in se
That Goldman Sachs dude on CNBC literally just dodged that question. Lol anyone else see that?
CRWD you beautiful beautiful boy
ANT IPO suspended indefinitely and Chinese regulators looking in to heavier regulations on big tech? There’s been a lot of news recently.
the only black is my penis
For real?
Thank you Nio. Almost recovered my losses from the Apple disaster on Sep 4
YOU GONE LOSE MONEY DEN
46 👁👄👁
wow we broke 46 on NIO
Can you retards start withdrawing some money from ATMs? I need CATM to go up NOT down.
Yes
oo shite aapl at 120 runn
20c 17.5c
can baba break out
Shhhh he’ll learn..
[deleted]
I have 30 :)
Sold for +20% this morning, was down 55%
Love picking up boomer Kroger shares.
200 shares
NIO is better than coffee
I'm waiting until it begins to make moves. Now I'm doing typical wsb shit
> sell off

None of the people who own stock are having any liquidity issues. There is no reason for any of them to sell stock.
Permanent swelling of the penis
Sold my 43c on NIO enjoy boyss
46
They crushed their deliveries
I just thought it meant like, you know, a really far hop.
Daddy Musk is angry now after seeing the movements on China EVs lol
Maybe EOY, which would be find. JAN-MAY have been historically the best months for microsofts
why are they shilling
yeah it sucks but it's a lesson learned & you move on. good luck my friend
Go for Jan if u can, new year rally is a thing
Earnings will drop it to $40
Take profits and use it to buy deeper OTM options pussy.
$100 is all i had in my bank account
[deleted]
BA die you pos!
Not that crazy I’ve seen retards do calls on Canadian cannabis stocks
I work at GE and can confirm, Culp is the shit.
hyln gonna finish green lmao
Thanks bro, you're a blessing
PPT jizzing their pants over 355
Sold my $45C 11/13 yesterday when it hit $43 lol
100 shares
Positions
How you figure
Baba pain
So what do I do with this info
i did hold on but I'm not fully at my initial investment yet - certainly made up for a lot of the losses! how are you holding up?
You know man, side effects, in Australia too
Yeah i just hopped in it at 179 for 11/20 185c and it really just wants to drop to 160. I should probably put in a stop loss
And options are what's going to get him out!
I wanna get a headcount. How many of y’all got PLTR in your portfolio?
I was told this would be a black thursday?
100%
Unlike all of y’all, I have like 10 shares on NIO 🥴
Yes
You said this shit gonna print
Your calls got mcplanted back into the soil.
WHERE WE AT? LETS GO
Sold my NIO too early this morning gonna grab some DEC 50’s and 60C’s.
Reason for the SQ drop?
Sold my NIO 43c boys, enjoy the moon
Fuck I just learnt LEAPs stand for Long-term Equity Anticipation Securities.
NYC schools on brink of shutting down. You know the move: SPY puts and ZM calls expiring in a week or two. You will make lots of money
Wow that NIO volume is intense
[deleted]
damn yall shilling pltr hard as fk lmaoo. Do yo thang
Hey Mr Boeing, uhm, could you just like, I don’t know, fall off a cliff?
Yah! Was also calling sub 200 before the FED fraud! 

It’ll happen bro! 

Shit is gonna break at some point! 

It’s unsubstainable!

We’re in a far worst shit than before
Enron was boring until it wasn’t
Big yikes
Why is XPEV still going up with such bad earnings?
Don't understand why no one is talking about this one.
Whos holding pltr thru earnings tn?
Uh love u zm daddyv
Just don’t get it. Everything coming back and Baba still being sold off lol. How are you down $5 again from last night. Fucking clown stock.
NIOOOOOO
LET'S GO NIO!!!!
STFU tools will never break!
AMWL earnings today and I have a chubby lil boaner.
I disagree. Combined power trains are so much more complicated and unnecessarily heavy than going all in. Battery tech needs to catch up or we stick with ICE imo. These trucks aren't even serviced as is, imagine what happens when you have a combined system that needs to talk to eachother
Did you sel yours?
INSP yo
Fuckin printing bro. Next time post before close so I can blindly follow you 😂👍
So is the Options as a Strategic Investment book worth it?
Bears big mad rn
Baba lost 15%
Weren't you the retard that said SPY sub 300 before the election? Just buy calls bro and maybe you won't be so damn miserable
I have to do my company's insider trading training but our stock is literally too boring to trade
ZM PUTS NIO CALLS NVR GO WRONG
PLTR premiums are cheap
Diamond hands
That would put their market cap ~$400b.

Tesla's current market cap is ~$400b.

Toyota's is ~$230b.

So no. No chance.
Biiig fuck
420% IV on PLTR calls
Retard it’s far from priced in new lockdown
Don't do it man
All my homies hate circles, we ride for SQ  😤
Riding the Xpeng wave baby
[removed]
too late for nvidia earnings runup?
Another chill 6% day on NIO
FLY PLTR FLY ATH COMING
Piss rocket on TSLA
My 14.9p (11/13 exp) is printing right now
NIO $50 EOW
whats the rush lets see if sleep joe will do it
NIOO DIP PLEASSSEEEE
Believe in the heart of the stonks
NIO back on track to make a millionaire 🎉
[deleted]
Just leave it. If you're buying shares then you have time.
[deleted]
Bruh who tf keeps buying? Jesus Christ. Tank this shit.
The year is 2065, you just stepped out of the teleporter into another beautiful day in the SpaceX colony on Mars. You check your Ameritrade app, excited to make some trades after your journey. Unfortunately, your funds are still not settled from a trade you made 2 days ago. Guess you'll have to kill some time in the VR pod.
I love NIO
Nio 50 eod
Still diamond handing these NIO $45 calls, getting nervous as I think the gas will let off when XPEV slows
Yes
NIOOOOOO OMGGGGGGGG
NIO 50$ EOD 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Square wtf!!!
SPY is being nice enough to let you load up on puts while you still can, don't be disrespectful and load up
I'm gonna fuck with the mouse for the first time.   Dis jumped too far, too fast on Vaccine news.   11/20 130p.
Come on MSFT 230 by next Friday 🚀🚀🚀
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/le_anonamoose the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO 46 EOD and it’s not even close
ZM easily back above $500 by next Friday haha let's go!!!
HATE TO BREAK THIS TO YOU 

SAYING IT ONCE MORE NIO MACD JUST CROSS ON THE ONE HOUR CHART 

ITS GOING UP BOIS
FSLY  90c dec 18.  up 60% today
So we have two products here at Hyliion.  One is the hybrid, which essentially turns a diesel tractor into a large Toyota Prius.  The other is FUCK YO PUTS NIGGA FUCK YO PUTS
NIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
You're using too much logic
Seems like AMD wants to blast off
ok
Priced in
All in on crystal meth calls?
I’m In! $15.27 average. Here’s hoping I timed in just right.
Hey. 9M isnt what they give you, its what they take from you lol
Nio bears make me laugh. You a silly bunch
Today is ass already
Imagine gambling in this pump and dump fucking scam? How was $SPY 364 lmfao
Out of all things, I got fucking mcd calls yesterday,
Baba looks a lil tasty
everyone lets buy 11/13 ZM 255p for 0.04 and drive this fcker into the core of the earth......

just sayin,
PLTR DIP BUY IT SELL B4 CLOSE
with the way SPY has been trading these last like two months two, you can have 3 - 5 point swings in a day. its fucking perfect for daytrading
Okay so I have 2,000 SPY 400 1/15/21 calls, $.043 average price. Should I take profit now or wait a few weeks?
[deleted]
Plug = Nio
nah itll be 47 though 50 eow
Sold my SNAP calls, time for puts?
New etf just dropped: MOON
The name implies where its going
Up 30% on my FB 12/18 calls. Still holding ?
Apple staying stable near 120? What sorcery is this.
In return for my dad spending all of his money to raise me, I feed him stock plays from wsb and somehow it is actually paying him back.  Only a matter of time until the whole inheritance is evaporated.
CRWD you lovely son of a bitch
Its down right now. May go up.
if you arent in tsla you aint blaq
CVAC finally getting back to it's IPO price.
You know what they say about ~~timing the market~~ being stupid
More like tesla. Like modern day tesla company. Get share Hosmer revenue for a concept and just keep pushing shit back.
Hope you bears enjoyed your 5 min of fame. Back to your gay caves now
So, you’re saying the only problem you have is that you didn’t buy more?
Why the fuck did I get MCD calls out of all things
I miss the good old days of FREE MARKET...

Fuck if it wasn’t of the fed rip off would be sitting in my Rarie
NIO 50 EOD too good to be true?
Very smart play. Congrats on the hookers
Bc all the pussies are locking in gains ahead of earnings (after the bell today).
Halitosis
IV on my 11/13 $PLTR call is literally 420%
Hey you kept it small at least. So 50 50.
AAPL going north of 120 soon then 150 by end of month 

Book it
crwd
47 EOW. 50 next week by Wednesday then 60 after earnings
Really the one that just had recalls?
GERMAN SUPLEX
🔌
thats pretty sexy, seems to have a resistance of 45, maybe cash out instead of getting greedy?
u/bobthedestroyers help me out with one of your hot takes bro
[deleted]
you are fuk, bulls feast as usual
Looks like i was right 
Had no position though F
Use my zm call winnings to pay student loan or will sleepy joe pay it off for me?
picking up NIO again at 42
big sell wall at 45.50, i think we crack it
[deleted]
Mainly the dilution. Would have gone a little further otherwise.
Almost christmas time fellas. Meaning start buying SNOW calls
First it pumps, then it dumps.
They've finally allowed an outsider to be CEO and he's revamping GE's tired internal promotion system as need be to bring in new blood.
BUY THE FUCKING PLTR DIP, FGTS.
[deleted]
[deleted]
please not another choppy day
Don’t you know it has to pass like 3000-4000% before it becomes overvalued
Got my tendies on 11/20/20 $11.50C for $5.00 per contract right at open. Will buy shares and contracts after earnings. Have a raging stiffy for this stock.
What j pew saying today.....
Just got rekt on today’s pop
[deleted]
I want to know this too. haven't seen any news?
Try selling 7 contracts at $45 expire 11/13 when NIO went down to $39 2 days ago. Pissed me off
TSLA! I’m sorry I doubted you
Be patient my friend
no one ever went broke taking profits. good play
#BearDown
Shit up meg?
They've been saying that for years. Its a ponzi scheme like the cyber truck and roadster and battery swap tech snd the tunnels and the plaid model s (maybe) and full self driving andandand
$100 lesson, not bad.
When you think you’re smart for buying at $19 and selling at $23
I sold my calls like an idiot last week and bought back in some stock
because god hates us, thats why
Loaded on uvxy calls. Com to daddy
Well this is a good one for me, I was up 68£ in profits fucked up -31£ this week zero profits. Reading some of these here make my fuck ups feel weak.
What happened to SQ?
Ya they gonna get fukt after earnings
Not bullish on pltr? I've gone nio, xpev & pltr long hold
BUY PLTR DIP PLTR
So you obvs have a sub to Disney+
They also downvote everything
PLTR rebound has started. End of day 16.00, you’ve seen it here first.

But it doesn’t matter because next year it will be 50.
Die, BOBO!
Anyone else’s RH charts being straight retarded for some stocks? Ironically all the meme pumped ones like PLTR and NIO?
Thinking of buying some on the day of earnings just before market close.

This shit is going back to 30s land. And then I'll get some shares myself.
Jd earnings
That 355 support is so stronk
Great call man. Thanks for the cheese
sell pltr calls or puts
Buy this dip or watch and feel as your autism grows tenfold
NIO 🐻 back at with the downvoting
355 needs to break or we fuk
I guess it's not sell the news like it is with tsla
damn son
Any actual insight on pltr?
Fuck it all in LI, Nio is way too hyped by this sub
JD is so sexy
Gave me a small vaccination company in San Francisco with a work force of 14 boomers.

It's my best stock.
Hate to break this to you: 

NIO 1HR Chart MACD just cross, its going up bois
Offering
Far out nio contracts are literally just easy money lol
Buddy said “i bought the top on NIO” my response was “lol, you silly bitch...you’re not paying attention”.
not a good week to have puts. But if it doesn't reach 114 by tomorrow, then buy puts for next week. I say.
Culp is the real deal
NIO 48c May-2021 x 3
NIO 38p Mar-2021 x1
Yeah but they cost me 5 bucks a contract, im not worried about IV at 5 bucks a contract
I'd like one AMZN megadump with fries please
alright, it's 10:00. market closed til 3:30 now.
Market are so fucking retards... dept at record level, covid at record level, no president, still contested election, solvency crisis imminent, no stimulus on sight before 2021 and even there it’s far from done...


Where is my fucking sell off
Still 3 more days of ER run up after today😳
SQ why you shit bed??🤔
pltr 400%IV good luck with that
is anyone getting on cruises right now?
BABA Puts 

PLTR Puts 

I am bullish on both these stocks lol
are PLTR earnings today after hours?
what kind of side effect
Elon is kinda a dick tho
Dyai
Sorry. What???
No
CEO just called me. Said its going to around 3 or 4 after earnings.
BUYING THIS PLTR DIP
feeling like a 20% nio day just saying
How high can nio go?
Nio tendies to the moon
Imagine if those were calls
bears, sorry but downvoting isnt gonna bring your money back
355-357 range yesterday. 354-356 range today. Ghey
youtube crash last night = google red today
It works till it doesn't, looks like it doesn't
[deleted]
Last chance to buy pltr calls
Vaporware like the cyber truck and roadster. Its been delayed over and over again.
Thanks bro, though Theta gang nawed the shit out of my calls, trying to time the sell right
Well boys, it happened 6 months later than we expected, but PCG is over 11
Dropped pltr all in NIO LI Xpev
He may of done it. Keyword is may. Accusations are accusations until proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
GOGOGOGOGO
Duh
Last I checked, their warranties are meant to be competitive in the price segment they're targeting. E. G. the more premium the PSU, the longer the warranty. It's not 10 years across the whole range.
Buy ze PLTR dip, you wont regret it.
Got really long dated calls and Friday puts.
What ticker?
NTES moooon
many tendies made flipping BABA at open. Should quit for the day and do my job but....
I assume all bears just have sex with their sisters socks all day. What else is there to do when you’re that sad and lonely?
JMIA, thank the African gods for the tendies this morning
Yes!
ZM has retard strength don’t doubt it’s vibe
Flat by mid day.
XPEV is backed by BABA
[deleted]
Check the stats NIO definitely not a bubble
Sold at 1.55 GG
Pfizer vaccine volunteer experienced side effect on Australia. Pandemic is back on the menu boys
Do you need to be pushed home in a wheelchair?
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [**2022-03-27 14:59:05 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2022-03-27%2014:59:05%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/i9jdiq/daily_discussion_thread_for_august_14_2020/gc1st7i/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fi9jdiq%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_august_14_2020%2Fgc1st7i%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202022-03-27%2014%3A59%3A05%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20i9jdiq)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
IV gonna wreck these. 300%
Come on ZM. Show them the hulk dick
Do you think value investing (actual long term investing, not this gambling shit) still has any relevance or is it a relic of the boomer?
PLTR  why you do me dirty.  I will never financially recover from this.
Never used it but honestly has to be worse. Absolutely has to be
stay out, you’re not gonna be right twice
https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/jsshyc/report_elon_musk_is_kind_of_a_dick/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf


You guys gonna let them talk about your daddy like that?
What's a random $200 earnings play to make
Flair checks out
Still bagholding 300 stocks @ 23.5$... Been writing covered calls on them for a while longer than a month now, it hasn’t been too bad
[deleted]
Sell all buy at new strike and expiration with original investment again. Continue until NIO shots the bed. Your welcome, when it finally does tank you’ll actually have money still and if does keep running up your money is still in it
Easy mode
OP's loss is some of our gains.
CCL goes up 40% one day and gives it all back? How?
PLTR dip buy now or forever stfu
Thats refreshing if I am honest. Better than lying and just rolling it back a few years later after you already got investors, down-payment, and loans to manufacture it like some EV companies do...
Absolute fucking shit. Should be banned. Is it some Chinese spyware?
YO NIO YOU GO BABAY
PLTR 11p 11/20
I would hold it. BUT if you want to cash in some profits, just sell some of your current position and hold the rest.

Or 

Sell half of your positions and play with house money. No matter what, you win
Why is it falling?
Remindme! 500 days
Anybody with PLTR puts know what they’re gonna do?
Technically we're still in a bear market.

Jk, just buy calls
right. might cost basis was 6$ and I bought some more a few days ago. Now its at 12$ and I don't want to ruin that, but I also kind of want to buy more.
NIO TO 46 by 10.30?
Christ, I just need SPY at 361. Is that too much to ask?
NIO should be the same price as XPEV btw
AMD annoying as fck
On Nio? Wait for a retrace and get in on really anything. If you want to be "safe" get a couple months out. If you're feeling risky, wait and see if Nio drops a little and get in on some weeklys. I currently have a lot of Dec 18 48c I'm holding.
Why though daddio
Fuck
I bought zm 370 weeklies c Tuesday before close.  Sold yesterday. 20k to 40k overnight.   It's be worth 70ish now.   Depressing but good decision I guess. Ughfh
HAL, EPD, GT all look like they're coming for a reversal after the past 4 days.

Weekly calls for next week should be juicy
They say he has the worst timing in the west
Which news company is usually the fastest?
Bought nio let’s fucking go
SNAP Bears Extinction Event Today
I’m holding on until we touch down on Titan
yeah right when IV is 300%
IM THE ONE DOWNVOTING FUCK YALL!!! 🖕🏿🖕🏻🖕🖕🏽🖕🏾
Couldn't CCP at any time decide that the BABA ADR is illegally evading Chinese laws about foreign ownership and invalidate the stock owned by the shell company ADR in the Cayman islands thereby making all of our stock worthless?

Isn't that the bigger risk than the regulatory concerns?
Y’all need to chill w PLTR it’s literally a sell off from the pump just wait till after earnings and it’ll pump up ur butts again
Sold my PLAY puts for a 600% return at open today. 

Feels good to be a gay bear 🐻 🌈🌈🌈
Volume is drying up, slow melt up for a while
same but getting that fomo feeling...
Huh....decent [earnings](https://i.imgur.com/zqR6Hpx_d.webp?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=medium)
TIL I’m dumb for quintupling my money on shares
Let’s ride
Apple what the fuck man
I got puts lol
FSLY taking off
Buy the PLTR dip
I’m holding 11/30 342p. Bought last Friday
panic sellers, it's time for your juice box and a nap
Yo SQ lets pick it up big dawg
how did you fucking know this?? I went in for 20c 15JAN21 at open and already down $1k !! 

also loading up on shares though. .
CHWY leaps 3/21
Not there with EV yet. Good luck driving through Roger's pass in February when you might be stuck at a road king for a day due to weather and all you have keeping you warm is a bunch of laptop batteries in -30 lol
How the fuck is DIS at these levels lmao, shits gonna moon after earnings as well probably
buy poots!!!
IV crush usually happens after ER. If you expect a run up then you can buy calls now and sell before ER to avoid the crush. You might even gain some as IV increases up until ER. That said, ERs are risky which is reflected in the elevated IV.
Maybe 300 but 310 no way
Never fuck with the mouse
[deleted]
MMs are here to fuck up your options
yessssssSIR
Same. I want 348 before I switch back to calls
WHERE ARE THE RETARDS WHO TOLD ME ITS STILL EARLY TO JUMP ON PLTR YESTERDAY!!!
I bought puts ;)
u kno how it be
You weren't paying attention then. Several senators who voted to keep him said "he may have done what is alleged but that is not enough to justify removing him in my opinion." The failure to remove him was not based on whether he was "guilty" or not. It was based on partisan senators not wanting to remove their President.
This is why I'm here. I've been up big on positions plenty of times and usually closeout and take some profit, and let some ride. But it's not often I'm up 200% AND in the money so this is new territory for me and I want to understand the best way to play it.
I’ll admit that my shorts have been based on hating Musk.  And don’t worry, they’ve always been small bets and I’ve made money.  Thanks.
bad idea. stimmies coming soon
Baba 278 by close
Palantir at prices not seen since yesterday afternoon!
Yolo’d money in IMAC this morning. Made 22% which translates to about $1000 profit for me 🤑🤑
pton calls are pretty safe today
You done goofed. I'm a PLTR bull but what meme stock hasn't tanked after earnings!? This will be the same.
Do I look like to type of motherfucker that hasnt lost it all before? Do what you gotta do you cock suckers I ain’t selling a fuckin thing
this guy fux
No one ever went broke by taking profitz.
You didn’t trade. You went to gamble.
You snooze you loose
NIO seems uncomfortable above 45
Lol sold out high $15 - will buy back after
Tim Apple looks like the guy whos Mom still wet nurses him
We watching the same chart?
buy poots then
Palantir dropping faster than Saruman from Orthanc
load up on Palantir under 15
the future keeps on coming, perhaps it will fall below the equivalent, I don't know. I don't claim to be an expert on valuation, but I'm fairly certain my main man Elon has baked these analysts brains and they have accordingly baked in too rosy of a future into the dcf models.
I also transform into a manul when I make poor investment decisions.
You planning on holding through the weekend? I’m sitting on 11/20 44 C
I know some of you bought PLTR at open today.

Fucking idiot.
Gg
did exacly that. thank u wsb
YEEHAW!
Tech going to be mooning by EOD, salty bears can't change sentiment
Omg everything is going right. I’m gonna throw up
Lmaoooo PLTR
Nio calls, Amex puts, Phillip Morris calls :)
Yeah I get that. But if you look at the financials, these Chinese EV makers are still fairly priced. Unlike everything else in the market. I think as people run away from overpriced stocks and can’t go to bonds because the rates are so low they will find these because they are fairly priced with a lot of upside. I think that’s good for the long run but also the short terms as the news about Biden’s presidency sinks in.
Peter.
theres not a lockdown coming...
MSFT looks strong as fuck today
I fucking love owning far out contracts and not being a weekly wimp worried about dips
DDOG puts get em while there hot.
Shaking out the PLTR limp wrists--see you later, bitches  (I hope...)
[deleted]
This is the way
Nooooooo
IF YOU WONDERING WHATS THE PLAY 

I AM CHEERING ON NIO
Spy 350p 11/27 a good idea?
GameStop better stop making me cry
VIX at 26 + would make do flips are my office job
Womp
Can somebody put together an index fund of all the unethical companies.
NIO rb1 ros
Lol that’s just dumb. Pfizers data moved the stock by 30bn, mrna and others are putting together whatever results they have even if it’s for just 50 subjects, it’s a must release anything quick game now, and once they do mrna goes to 100+. Good luck
Splunk daddio
People can't stop selling off BABA right now
Maybe spend less time downvoting and more time making better plays
I had $87 leftover in my gambling account so I spent $86 on a $59 call for 11/20. Why not, I’ve lost way more on shit that made more sense lol.

Edit: up 90% today on this. If it was a larger investment I’d cash it out but I wanna see how this plays out lol.
Could just wait till tomorrow, they’ll be on clearance.
[deleted]
Always inverse the wsb meme of the week for easy tendies
[deleted]
Down almost 7% now lol.
Well the last one didn't have a drivetrain. What expectations do you have for this one?
I don’t.  But I do.  This is going to run up into close and dump on disappointing guidance.  Just watch.
I have $800 to yolo, someone give me a million dollar idea
Lol at the people downvoting all NIO comments
SQ and PLTR decided to jump together
You fomoing Judas's are turning your backs on Papa to chase this chinese knock-off EV skank.  


After all the tendies Papa gave you this year... WHERE IS THE LOYALTY?   


Selling my NIO. Screw ya'll. TSLA 500c Jan 2021
[removed]
WTF happened to SQ?
Im happy with my 500% boss. I’m not testing fate any further. FYI I bought at $14 a share back in mid2019
If there's any PCG call holder left here, it just crossed the Great Wall of $11 - got a ratings upgrade. I'd be shocked if anyone has diamond handed this bag more than I have.
It's not healthy but it's all we've got!
same dude
Who bought HYLN puts at open?
Up 300% per 160c luv you thanks for tendies
Fucking fsly doesn't move forever and the day i decide to sell calls it fucking pops 5% fuck you
Hope you got these after the dump man
If it tanks during the day, it moons at earnings.
https://i.imgur.com/DeROMnr.jpg
you played yourself
Plays
[removed]
RIP PLTR lol
Calls on girfriend's boyfriend
aaaand sideways, hope you guys took prophets the one NIO
Just hold it. I’m 700 shares deep at 15.4. It will come back don’t panic sell like the rest of these retards
How bout tomorrow when it’s at 13?
Spy is that 400 pound land whale that is moments away from falling on her own ass 📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
BABA   310.0|0.91|0.97|0.92|-0.05|48.625%


BABA 310.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1shxm&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Imagine listening to all of these "experts" that financials are the play.
UPVOTES PLUMMETING SELL SELL SELL
Can I just get SPY down to like 345 so I can get out of these puts pwease
Stonks only go up
Buying them today probably wasn't optimal as yesterday PLTR was up 10% and they opened even higher today, but if you plan on holding shares for at least a few months you should be fine. I think this will be worth a lot in a year.
CVAC mooning
[deleted]
BABA $310C 11/27 still a good idea?
[deleted]
Fuck I Diamond handed my AAL puts and now AAL is in the green
[deleted]
nio is not a good dip to get
Acb.. lol
Don't tell me you were a 🏳️‍🌈🐻 on glorious PTON...
INO are the plays for today.
If you go to Moncton, New Brunswick theres [one specific hill](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetic_Hill_(Moncton)) it could probably go up
FSLY rippin
SPY 350
xpev! breaking out
Damn, calls on downvotes
Fuck. Never mind I guess.
Lmao missclicked
[deleted]
Young Jedi you have much to learn . do opposite of what wall street says to do .
lmao
Guys help BABA break past 272 and we moon to 280 in no time.
Welcome home sir
selling rkt calls? up slightly
Won’t get a better opportunity for PLTR calls than right now
Dude where the fuck do you live? Boomers are oddly the least concerned about any of this.
Even with the current regulatory concerns... BABA should be a $1T company.  That would be a 38% move to the upside resulting in a stock price around $370. Long BABA
if u didnt exit at open... u deserve to lose if ur losing, but its still up from yesterday, so thats a good signal
Die apple die
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   45.0|1.47|1.48|1.48|0.8|116.813%
NIO   42.0|3.25|3.35|3.3|1.38|113.243%


NIO 45.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 10 times

NIO 42.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 5 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1se8d&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Northern half of USA. Don’t make me pull up a map of your country.
Another theta day
Sold everything this morning. Feels pretty zen.
INO
Wish robinhood had a way in its UI to filter out cancelled orders when looking at history

Trying to see if I would’ve made more money holding my original ZM calls or if my buying/selling yielded more
weak hand selling before ER, buy the dip !
When will NIO fail ?!
You think they care?
NIO PRICE TARGET EOM AND EOY?
Zoom
Update, that was a bad idea and hopefully no one yolo’d it
If FSR doesn't find the retard strength for another run I'm gonna blow my brains out
Pretty sure its gonna drop like a rock after earning reports, (even if ER are good) . You should have waited till tomorrow morning.
OP's loss is all of our losses.
I believed and was blessed for it. 11/13 NIO 45c | 11/13 NIO 42c
dear APPS, dont stop
Lets see it, a fuckin laser beam of red
CYRX blasting the fuck off
Same
so PLTR dumping into earnings means.......uh.......EARNINGS PUMP?!
PLTR dropping so fast, all the cheer leaders from yesterday are curled up in a corner.
[deleted]
did any PLTR news come out or profit taking?
What if I told you the $ symbol only had one line through it? Would you believe me?
who is buying acb??????
35 after earnings brother
some weirdo lectured me on buying NIO b/c its owned by the CCP. I am just here to make money you dork
TSLA actually looks really bullish this morning.
You pussies are taking profits I see
Mass downvoting. Haha somebody's upset.
Spy mooning
Theta wins yet again
Idk brother I should’ve sold at the top and taken the profits instead of greeding
Flat tits
Your retard level fully rests on how the market reacts to the ER this evening. Good luck.
that palantir sell off happened quick as hell!!
I took a chance on some 290 nov 27th calls
[deleted]
Tim Apple looks like a guy who wears socks with sandals
MY FUCKING INO CALLS FUCK YEAH
35 on earnings release
Deleted after using it for 2 weeks. Worst brokerage ever, fucking piece of trash!
Why would you do that before they announce vaccine data?
Dumbass company I’m down 70%! Actually I’m the dumbass retarded retard for buying at ATH
400% IV...you never had a chance
Mods need to come in and clean this shit up. Lotta spams and shitty accounts
NIO I’ll NOT GIVE YOU UP SO WUICKLY, DUMP U A FEW TIME AND YOU KEEP BREAK ATH
This isn’t due diligence. Please use the fucking flairs right. Mods, ban this retard.
lmao relax this is just a normal Thursday. Prediction: SPY down 1% EOD
i went to close to expiry smh 185 sq 11/20
You prob don’t have to grab ZM at 430. But you’re pretty retarded if you’re buying puts right now
Good entry for SQ?
Don’t think you will have any issue selling anything that is in the money
Better close if so bc 35 on earnings
This sideways shit is so annoying. Either fucking go on a moon mission or fall of a cliff jesus this is boring
I hope so I have some 12/4 $600c just looking to get bigly
Idk but I had ETSY calls I was getting ready to cut for a loss today and that let me get out with $6 profit 💪😤
its a Mortgage provider and fintech company during the hottest home buying market.
i guess this is the dump part of PLTR
PLTR puts are safer.
PLTR puts at open printinggggggg
Ain’t ever dipped past 1750
I've been playing 12/11 calls to give myself wiggle room but whatever fits your personal risk tolerance
The accounts currently sitting in about 26,000, I’m just waiting for it to take a big old drop. No idea what the next play is, sitting on my cash and not wasting it on some half-thought out dumb ass play. Sorry I know I’ll have to leave the sub then
Okay... ready to jump on PLTR for the first time as soon as this dip flips.
Imo prob some negative news about # of cases
Then pump
For real guys. Are you selling NIO before earnings and buying back after correction? I'm still on the fence about doing that...
PLTR shitting the bed.
NIO IS THE CHOSEN ONE
[removed]
[deleted]
They massacred my boy PLTR, my boy.
alibaba bottom?
So is the new trend to buy calls at close, let the AHs traders pump it, then sell off all day?  We are becoming the Ameripoors lately
PTON gonna give me an aneurysm
How does one become a bag holder in a company setting ATH every three days?
Yes, sir!
IV on PLTR weeklys at almost 300%. Great time to sell some CC if you've got the shares.
You know when your going down on your girl and she  starts to get a good grip of your hair but instead I’m just looking at this . You are truly one dumb motherfuker I mean I don’t mean to sound to negative but dude holy fuck you aren’t the only one we’re all retardant
Wait until you're all cash in the market rips up 1400 points.
NIO IS VITAMIN I THINK
Just FYI to fuckface mcgee in here, downvoting everything won’t help your calls that are expiring worthless.
Fuck BABA. JD.com has earnings Monday. They’ll be over $100 in a few weeks.
Affirmative free ice cream: engaging green hulk thrusters.
quitter
NIO if you can break $46 today I will forever always love you 🥺
Love it when the paper hands sell to the Chad bulls. Every dump NIO gets more 💎👋🏻
ZM 500 eow
I’m fighting the downvoters. Come get your upvotes.
I can buy a PLTR put for you guys to stop the bleeding
That's my thought. Also if this runs to 50 or even more and I'm holding 40c's, how many people are going to be buying up really expensive $40 calls when the stock is trading in the 50's. So I'm concerned that the higher this goes, the harder time I'll have selling the 40c's.
[deleted]
[deleted]
DIS poots for earnings?
Snap rocketing back to 46
NIO BOIS HOLD THE MOTHERFUKN LINE
Update: made 1400 profit this morning
I mean it did dip the last two days. I bought some more at 40. It is currently at 45
are they as bad as RH?
350 EOD
Ah so AMZN is giving up all its recent gains again eh?
LAST CHANCE ON THIS NIO DIP BEFORE WE HIT 47EOD AND 57 AFTER EARNINGS
will we ever get a June vaccine pump again?
Plug 21 P 11/13. Needs to die. Timber plz
Remember earlier this year? Stuck at $57 for 3 months. Patience
SNAP Going to Mars. Glad the sentiment here yesterday was 0 cause Ik would moon the next day
All legal sales must be counted.
Pls tell me you didin't buy the top right?
Sell or hold SNAP
wtf. nice
[deleted]
All paper hands who sold yday lol at  39
PUMP NIO incoming
Shut up pussy!!!
Between 10am and noon
Zoom you dirty whore keep going up
FRAUDULENT MARKET ABOUT TO HIT REALITY CHECK
Sounds right on a 3k dog lol.
Very.
Get ready for a pay day loan you gonna be holdin the bag son
1000\* dont forget taxes
I would buy this shirt
y not covid is still around, not like it ran for the hills when the vac trials came out
Wtf was that Etsy pump and dump lol
When do u plan to cash out?
Can’t he just sell some of the current position to cash in the profit and hold the rest of the calls?
jump in nio only place where its safe guys
For the first time since March, I have literally zero positions in my portfolio, and it is very calming. Maybe gambling 24/7 isn't healthy??
RIP
looks like it
It didn't go higher because its a stay at home company, and Pzifer's vaccine news came out that day.
Puts it is
My positions are set. For the next week my sole goal will be to spam this sub to make sure..

NO ONE USES WEBULL. TBH WE SHOULD CLASS ACTION SUE THEM. TRASH. FUCKING. BROKERAGE. 

(Interactive brokers v good for those looking)
the bear looked over the market to see what he could see  
the downside of the market was all that he could see  
so he entered puts in the market to see how it would be  
and the upside of the market fucked him in the B
EOM $100
EOY delisted
[deleted]
Not OP
Already down 30%. Fuck
Today looks like it’s just going to trade flat, might sit this one out
only 290 now  lmao
Mfs selling off baby if you want some cheap lottos buy 12Ps expiring tomorrow cause earnings is today
bought this morning immediately up 43% lol
pltr will slingshot buy now 

maybe maybe not
Oh I apologize mr warren buffet, please teach me your ways
DKNG going to 45 tomorrow. Get in now!!!
You know how sometimes the stock font is green and sometimes its red? You want to buy when it's the red colour
I guess we'll see. Yesterday it went down to 38. If I don't get back in on weeklys I still goty leaps up a lot and will keep them going.
[deleted]
JMIA gives no fucks.
**PANIC**
Negative working capital for green thumb.
NIO I thought you were the one. Also Fuck you PLTR  


edit: and we're back
don't sell
Come on let’s run 
Stop shorting shit
TECH THE BEST TECH #1 BTFD
Talking to yourself?
Gme is getting fucked by shorts and daytraders for pennies
It was difficult sitting through weeks of PLTR flirting below 10 but it’s so so worth it now. This is just a minor bump in this moon mission
sounds like somebody should shut the fuck up and go do wife shit
NIO with the patented V shape recovery after losing the paper hands. Moon mission is a go
PLTR STOP THE COUNT!
First time I have had to make some moves away from my PC and schwab mobile app sucks balls.
[deleted]
AAPL allergic to 120
My deepest sympathies and condolences for your loss.
I have 1,400 what are your specific suggestions
[deleted]
Lmao market opened 20 mins ago let’s see how you feel at 4
Did i sell low again?
MULTIPLE SERIAL DOWNVOTERS 

I REPEAT

WE HAVE MULTIPLE SERIAL DOWNVOTERS ON THE LOOSE IN THIS THREAD
she sounds like a faget
Lmao wtf baba
EOY 100 EOM 80
Hold over weekend?
ACB the kind of stock that tanks to fuck up bull then comes back zombie like to fuck up bears lol.

Haha 1 downvote = 1 salty tear. Keep them coming I sold at 12.
I  hope you're right

Edit - fuck yes you were
ZM GO DOWN U F
Hasn't noticed... Is that pump Thursday noon, or dump Thursday noon. Must be pump cuz the shit been flat as fuck since I got in
GME cancelled. PLTR cancelled
Hope u bought the zoom dip
Baba you lazy bitch
[deleted]
PLTR rug pull shenanigans
Okay bitch I changed it goddamn
lot of bear spamming nonsense here right now, load up on calls on the dip
 I fucked up wit spy calls that I just bought expiring tmrw oooof
What do you guys think? I just bought spy puts for tomorrow and next Wednesday? Are you we going up or down from here?
gotta keep reminding myself that i wasn't planning on selling yet anyway
Might re-open a ACB short sell at 8$
[deleted]
EOM 60-90
Like a half million no joke
Just gotta make 500 today to pay off that ps5 I just bought
are you actually that dumb
Not wrong lol. Make that dough whatever way you can
Webull's great if you don't use it as a brokerage.
In what way?
Buy buy buy tech bullish
Back to doing hip replacements on pomeranians for 20,000 dollars a hip.
All my options on the Friday after I get paid so if I lose I’m not completely broke
Cuz everyone one of u bought a call yesterday
Too bad they all moved to Google.  ;)
Just wanna say don’t let that drop fool you
I always do weeklys never 0 or 1 DTE. I think it'll hit 42ish again today or tm and going in with some more then. I also have leaps up a lot so if it never retraces I'm still in.
i sold my short at open lol.
😁😉
Feel bad for the poor mother fuckers that bought in today. Crazy bull trap
oh yea right
Silly fuck. Should’ve gotten in at 9.50.
Holy fuck guy, it's a data tech company that helps ICE track down brown kids.
Market back on insane difficulty; today looks like shit will go sideways
I'm slowly watching all my money dissappear
Why?
If 30% down and up in the tech sector in the space of a few months isn't different, you must still be holding JCPenny.
SOLO. Thank you.
If AMD could break out of this 81$ holding pattern I’d really appreciate it.
Everything turning red
SPY Puts are easy money to end the week and going into next week. CORONA IS BACK WE ARE ALL GOING TO DIE
Some salty 🌈🐻 coming through to downvote everything. QQ more
we are in rotation of the rotation
In the word's of William Wallace, HOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLD!!!
Bro 😂😂
Someone's downvoting everything again lmao
[removed]
stop buying meme stonks then
NIO PRICE TARGET EOY EOM?
just long enough for insiders to sell
Never buy before 10 am you fuckin noob
Yall thinking we rotating back into tech ??
Fuck acb
Same but it still hurts
DUMPY DUMP DUMP
Apple refuses to go past 122
**SELL SELL SELL**
[deleted]
PRPL mooning
JD > BABA
Wait , black Friday and Christmas will boost it to 50
The classic drillkings move would be to jump 3% on the opening candle and bleed out on no volume all day
NET drill up please?
Who the fuck is buying ACB and why are you gay
Somebody want to tell me wtf is going on with PLTR
What is your idea of north?
Sell everything I went in the future and the sun explodes!
didn’t even try 272 today 😔
Do people think my icon is from an anime
fuck you
Should have sold at the peak like me.
yea their fills on bid-asks are ridiculous. 

sold my long calls once and got 0.05 when it was valued at 0.20 rofl
Why man it was doing so good
goodness I have been right about everything this week
u/savethisvideo
Sector rotation into EV
bagholder
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**GE**|**$9**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-24**|**$0.42**|**$8.71**|**1474**|**34**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhey8bby7k530770pyx85qrh) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/XNXX_LossPorn/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
[deleted]
Isnt she a beaut
It’s fine just buy some puts now to even it out
Ahhh There's the morning loss of money I needed. Back to veterinary work my good bitches good luck out there
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**STWD**|**$17.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.08**|**$16.205**|**1674**|**43**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhey8b577k4e0770w139m9pz) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/zupooli/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$50**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-27**|**$2.67**|**$44.32**|**4117**|**807**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhey8aw87k3p0770mnboc31b) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/kg9936/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Can this sub please pump DKNG for earnings tomorrow?
Show all time pussy
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/WallStreetDarling420 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
For a minute there I thought I was going to be able to eat this week
Short dated PLTR puts are printing right now tho lol
NIO price targets for eom and eoy?
Is RUN a good buy at this point?
I can only buy so many dips Baba 😫
Pltr put startin to print fuck all u retards from yesterday bahahaha
Next time just let me know ahead of time
[deleted]
Please Nio please crash through 45
maybe go uppy instead of downy
We have like a week till earnings, and there are rumors they beat earnings by 500%
Damn VIX just gapped up
[deleted]
NIO wrong way bud you were doing so good there
The only way this is bad is if he lied about the vaccine and then sold.
Agreed lol. My original 9.35 strike holding me back
fully approved brothamans
God I’m getting raped so hard!
Recovery stocks are gonna take a shit next week
NGL kinda want to buy some NIO at 43.
AND..... it’s gone.
Imagine playing anything besides NIO
Scared money don’t make money 😏
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/zupooli don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What a bull trap MMs out here being dirty as fuck
Nah. Just a dip
Thanks to whoever bought my PLTR weeklies at open
Need BA to get in the trash where it belongs.
It appears my impeccable ability to buy the top is still intact.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ZM   440.0|14.4|15.4|15.0|3.98|82.553%


ZM 440.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1royb&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Some men ride bucking broncos

Real men ride volatile Chinese weeklies😎
[deleted]
I couldn’t believe how many people didn’t believe me when I said CoVID is back and we’re in rotation
Have you seen any NIO bag holders? I just see ATH :/
nah you good just cut a close one, I got a 39C 11/13
Best thing about buying PLTR and NIO shares early is that I’m still green after every single one of these dips
WTF Amazon
Doubled my robinhood account since Monday thanks primarily to ZM

Up 400% since Friday thanks to CCL for getting me started on a high note this week
did not see that, and good looks!
Steady boys steady. Diamonds aren’t made in the first 15 mins of trading.
They are probably going to miss eps but I'm sure they will have something to say about subscribers increase and future  plans to get into other US states. To add, two NBA seasons in 1 year will probably help lol
I bought puts at open, so different bandwagon
aaaaahhh crap
The fact JD is holding but baba isn’t is ridiculous
Let us look into the future real quick for you
Welp. Majority of my money in aggressive post earnings NIO puts. Good luck out there bois. See you next week.
FAKE AND GAY
BABA rejected off of 270 for the 4th time
that sentiment reversed swiftly
ZM 440c 11/20
Go back to green you cocksuckin hoe
WEEEEED ROOOCKET
Need VIX to rise 5% today plz
It happened on tuesday
 they need to hire steve van something the bond king . he much better
Aapl 126 eoy?
selling zoom calls are free money right now
Then make a margarita and find a hammock, that's all you need to do.
Drill baby!
How low is PLTR dropping?
Is anyone still playing TSLA or are we 100% in China EVs ?
[deleted]
Sorry guys NIO was mooning until I bought calls, that’s my fault
TL;DR

Yolo your money and learn the hard way.
Probably won’t be able to sell puts unless you’re approved for marginal trading
DELETE WEBULL. NEVER USE WEBULL. WORST. BROKERAGE. EVER. MY GOD.
PLTR dip is getting gobbled
It’s gonna happen it’s gonna happen!! CIRCUIT BREAK THIS SHIIIITTTTT
OPK shares. Sleepy joe going to fund massive testing
The bears have a discord server where they organize these downvote raids
If there's truth that Blackrock and ark are buying into PLTR then we should be safe long term. Holding shares. Best to burry my head in the sand for the next 3-4 months as I'm holding XPEV, PLTR & Nio shares long term 🤞
Need a quick NIO rally for the 46 exp tomorrow.
I feel like im the only one that noticed to buy MRNA calls on the PFE news.

My only regret is not buying more
[deleted]
$PLTR RUINED MY LIFE.
I was too busy watching my portfolio. What did jpow say?
There’s a reason man
Never hold through earnings brozzer
Fuck all of you who sold PLTR at 17

We could've gone to 20
It's ok nio will pay for the insurance and maintenance too
Gettin’ wobbly, people.
I actually miss all the wild swings and volatility of election week.. boring af
Als Berliner stimme ich absolut zu. Das erste, was mir bei Erwähnung Berlin's ins Gedankengut geht, ist der Geruch von Bier und Urin an einer Hauptstraße.
PDD killed earnings...up almost 20%. Thoughts on JD earnings?
DUMP IT HARDDD
Imagine making sales in one day that would rank 67th in the country GDP rankings and seeing your stock price stay flat.
Earnings are this evening. No way it won't drop more.
Palantir shares baby 8)
This is illegal and will be stopped soon
I only found about it after your post lol. The mcchickens weren’t meant for us today.
[deleted]
Yes. The federal government just shovels money at young people and colleges keep increasing their tuition because teenagers don’t realize the implications of taking on $60k in debt, sometimes at higher rates, to fund their worthless sociology/English/psychology degree and high spending lifestyle.
What a terrible week for bulls.  We've been getting absolutely slaughtered.
Will do, man
I actually feel bad about buying poots on poor ol' NIO when I've done nothing but wish it to the moon. I'm  conflicted.
a correction in NIO is coming. its been str8 up for weeks. Im out here
This is how you batman guys. Started off in GNUS around June, up then down quick, blah blah blah blah penny stocks, switched to apple, sold, found WSB's then got into options and now im just riding out with NIO.

Positions: 781 shares, yes shares, at $41.47

Holding until this reaches $150 because this will reach $150.

The third batman will probably come from a NIO dip after earnings before NIO day and then we're off to triple digits next year fellas.
AAL going up? What the hell is going on
etsy is giving me a heart attack
Jan 2022
spy options, did you miss the post where the dude turned 300 dollars to 100k

that can be you, too
Hope you got your puts ready
All my stocks seem to have caught a mental illness this morning
INO quietly having a 10% day. Beautiful
I read it as "after selling my cats"
Sounds erotic... Time to add to my position.
#red
Yea, it popped and everyone started yelling to short it so it popped more. There is a 5million share offering coming and waiting to see what price is set. Prices from analysts are all over the place. Gonna let things play out for now I think.
I hope it opens at 50 tomorrow
last buying oppo for PLTR on the run to $100

PLTR Jan 2022 15C
at what point is it considered bullying, baba?
And the bull trap begins. ATVI volume is super low that bitch is going to crash got my puts at the top 🌈🐻
This is the fakest open I've ever seen
Chart points to tech blastoff next week?
Aye bro!!! Nice! Get those gains and congratulations!
$355 is god damn lava
AAPL the fuck u doing babyyyyt
What is going on with NET?
stonk go up up or down down?
We’re about to drill fucking hard
You clearly won this round. Snap up 5%.
Lmao pltr r fcked
Sell all BABA now
free money on that nio dip
$46, stated by multiple sources fool
Support?
Fall PLTR Fall 😈😈

Position: short dec 11 $15C
So I live to fight another day in this market, nice
GF was talking about wanting to buy shares of PTON last night. Almost told her to quit being gay and buy calls.
Sell baby sell
Not today. Maybe next week
Pretty much same. Didnt expect my calls to open THAT much higher. Portfolio saved 💪
[deleted]
OSTK thoughts?
oof
The trick is to have 0 buying power at 930. Sell at 10, then buy the dip at 1030!
My mom dropped me harder than SPY will ever dropped... sheesh go down already
Thanks babe!
Sell them?
Thanks!  Thats weird because I'm in the weed biz and I've never heard of them.  It says they lose money, so it makes sense.  I better buy more.
DIE SPY YOU BLOATED CUNT
FUCK me for not selling my PLTR call at morning POP.
Big Bad Boss Bezos
He's right. I knew a kid who tried to flee to Vietnam to escape his student loans. Long story short, they found him.
Soo... Pfizer hype was short lived huh?
Truly Irritating.
Lmao travel almost back to pre vaccine levels
oh boy here i go losing money again
Those 35 puts are also down. So good sell yesterday. Everything from 35 puts and lower are all down due to IV. I'm short 30s and made 60% at open and locked it in.
Why the fuck is Six Flags pumping?
9.3% implied move on DKNG for earnings. Bet safely.
Sell PLTR rn or wait
Plastic surgery after they restarted his heart
Looks like today’s going to be a bunch of “schools shutting down” press releases for the Northern states.
FPRX 26 EOD
it's not gonna reach 42 buddy
Ain’t nobody buying no goddamn pltr with IV at 350%!!!!!
Guys we are supposed to all be buying Sony right now get over there.
Imagine holding since the direct listing and im just going 🤷🏻‍♂️
Exp tomorrow or next week
Why exit when you are going to go back in at a higher call price..?
Nio always has a sell off in the early day, think it’s on schedule?
got PLTR puts at the top after taking profits on calls yesterday. hoping the earnings report affect happens tomorrow 🤞
BUTTLICKER. YOUR KARMA HAS NEVER BEEN LOWER.
NIO 46 EOD or no?
Ohhh PTLR you dip dipppin
I’m never patient enough to wait for the 10:30 dip smh
I’m holding. This NIO dip is stupid and will recover almost immediately.
Omg downvoter back again? Get a new hobby bro
[deleted]
[deleted]
PLTR and NIO said the N word
Who is the salty retard downvoting every single comment
[deleted]
Tech uppies or downies by December?
JD 🤑
45p 1dte
I’m not your standard WSB retard.  I’m a boomer retard with years of momentum behind me.
Dont really, feel like I need to add this part when someone asking what to buy on WSB.
Ok ZM show me that 🅱️tard strength
[deleted]
I've warned yall all about PLTR. It happened to me from $15 to $13.20 in 1 hour, it will happen to your calls from $17 to $14 in 1 hour too
Lmao
[removed]
I was gonna buy at 370 but chickened out. That's gonna hurt for a while
 Because printing lots of money has never lead to bad economic impacts such as hyperinflation in the past. Oh wait.....
It’s gonna go down and when it does next stop is 350
It would be fraud to not declare your walmart gift card assets (or similar) in your bankruptcy petition.
The 9 cents was price at (I guess) yesterday's close when the share price was about $111. You missed out on a lottery ticket there.
Always knew i was special
Volume is low beware ATVI scares me right now 👀🌈🐻
3 big days for me in a row. Haven’t had this many wins back to back. Feels good for a change. Trying to enjoy it and not fuck it up now
PLTR will drop 10% after news of good earnings.
Instructions unclear, bought peak
Wouldn't it be great if the downvote gang revealed themselves one day? 🔽
that's a lot of chicken nuggets
Today Nvidia was down 0,5 percent in early trading. Now up 1 percent. If you got in when it was red today, the PS5 must be close
[deleted]
Seen some dd yesterday Some dude ordered 500 pancakes, I mean that’s a shitload of pancakes so
PLTR
[deleted]
[deleted]
I can't wait brother 👍
Imagine being this retarded
Wow PLTR really is like NIO lmfao. If you don’t buy this dip you dumb.
WTF did PLTR do
If you’re going to die PLTR fall to 9-12 so I can buy more shares
[deleted]
Exp?
If u mean down, yes.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/XNXX_LossPorn don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Del taco
Bye bye PLTR
Imagine spending your morning downvoting every comment instead of making money 

#🤡
I like the spirit.
I would be such a happy man if apple just tanks and can go negative
Fr? That’s how it works in the US?
Grab ZOOM for free 💰 all schools are gonna go on lockdown soon Detroit just closed them
Spy calls? Way too bearish in here now
That must be painful
Soooo chop all day again.
[deleted]
New years is around the corner too.
This is the way
Some neckbeard faget is downvoting everyone's comments, without discrimination
if PACB is offering stock at  $14.25 it makes no sense to buy it any other time correct?
FOMO into MRNA FDs yesterday paid out
Knew I should have sold nio and reentered
If ur a bull, a sell-off is healthy so we can buy calls later. Its so overbought. TIMBER
Damn bought 2 nio puts and printing bigly
I put my hand up on your hip when I dip you dip we buy the dip.
Lol I hope for u bro I actually sold mine the day before the offering lol 😂 I hope they drill hard and u make a killing😎
I might do you guys a favor and sell before earnings. Its guaranteed to hit 80$ after earnings then
my dudes, PLTR down 1% and you go crazy. stop whining
reopen ACB short here?
The spy resistance at 355... yikes
yes sell now if you’re up 100% don’t be a bagholder
Decided to put a small $500 and if it tank, it's whatever. But if it continues going up, like I think it would, then at least I have a footing in.
if we can break this 291.8 trendline on QQQ were going to 293 today
Baba my 11/27’s just need $280 by Friday or Monday. Stop acting like a joe
With a half decent earnings, might even be tomorrow
that huge buy EOD makes me think today is ending green
PLTR did not enjoy being at all time high for very long
Literally bought Nio the second it started to dip
Ah okay
My returns have improved dramatically by sticking to buy at close, sell at open. If you've got the direction right (aka you actually have an idea what you're doing), that seems to perform best to my experience
Exp tomorrow or next week tho
Is this “the big one”?
Bezos is using the $3b from selling AMZN shares last week to short BABA.
[deleted]
COST  🚀🚀🚀🚀
oof lol um today? if u make tendies then lock em in those gains
Xiaomi still f down
POV: Diamond Handing while staring at your phone and supposed to be working
MITO no calls
Maybe I should have sold my spce calls yesterday
I bought at 9.54. Still sitting pretty
When Altria creates MO' "problems" it prints MO' money
Is LOOP going to die or
Come on Nio you got this 45, crush it once and for all
pltr is dumping because of pussies, will do the distance today, probably flatline or go down tomorrow
What tf happened
Got a poo-faced downvoter with no restraint here.
finally signed up for webull, their options platform is fucking insanely bad
Shoutout to whoever bought those NIO puts lmao
Who tf wakes up and says yea I’m gonna buy Denny’s stock today
like $pton but it rides you
I lost 6k shorting that shit
Puts
It do go down
No one gives a shit about WuFlu, it was a hysterical ploy to get Trump out of office. Now he’s gone no one cares.
Tell me why it will!?!?
I did my part, and my back thanks the purple 3.
The market isn’t fun anymore
Why should we fear to use it Gandalf
send me 11k and ill tell you
i spoke too soon, it just hit 45 thank god. Hope you held onto your calls :)
Ah the retarded strength support for snap is back.
 99% where piggybacking of of a free account it’s not gonna be as much as u think. Only one person needs to have a paid account to start a meee
Idk they usually drop huge and rally the whole day after 
See if you can time a dip
Exp tomorrow or next week
Sold NIO at the top! I'll be back in after our daily dip
Sold my Nio at the peak this morning. Waiting for a 42 dip to rebuy for the next moonshot
Everything is going bankrupt eventually, future changes, great analysis
A great company that changed our way of traveling. Covid is probably just a speed bump but the regulators has them on their radar so that might cause a problems
WSB ruins everything.  Bye NIO.
Ya’ll need to take a look at STAA. It’s been rallying hard the past month, and didn’t even dip in the last few days, just went sideways. Today it’s pushing to new highs. Looks like an easy move to $100.
Speed my dude. Timeframe is everything.  Stocks could die for decade back then because "fundamentals".  You are absolutely right that they are being ignored today. :)
Came here for the palantir dip
Famous Chinese EV morning dip for ya right there gents
PLTR Black Friday started. Buy at discount your long term retirement plan.
Unity gang anyone?
BYND is pure profit
Thank you for your sacrifice
you have a friend in me
[removed]
Bought $6 puts for 11/20 on Monday. I know it's going to crater to the center of the earth, I would just rather it happens sooner than later.
Iv crush
Pltr big ole Clifford
Hard to tell it’s not moving aggressively markets been pretty flat. Hope for the best!
Imagine having pltr calls
NIO dips just to tease me I swear. she's a cruel mistress that takes no prisoners
upvote this and you'll land a 10 bagger this month
Getting Zoom calls were the best decision I’ve made in a long time!!!
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   356.0|3.03|3.04|3.09|-1.13|17.773%


SPY 356.0C 2020-11-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1r2xz&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
PLTR noooo
I never learn to never buy calls at open lol
Buy the dip retards, NIO and PLTR are gonna resume their moon mission soon
DIE YOU DUMB BITCH

DUMB STUPID BITCH
Take some profit but I’d sell tomorrow, there’s still room to go up
it's when IV is generally highest which carries value but if you think there's more move left in your play then hold. But generally I like to take nice profit like that in the morning and wait to reposition. profit is profit
Reminds me of the racoon which tries to wash a sugar cube lol.
sold my ZM calls at the top when it hit 433. Fucking awesome win. Up 100% from when I bought it near yesterday. Was down 40% at some point
bought SPY $356c 11/18 bad decision?
?
Dude it barely broke thru. 16 is resistance rn.
[deleted]
Went from up 6% to negative fuck you PLTR
I’m about to sell my appl calls at -43% an FOMO into nio. Tell me why I shouldn’t
sold it monday on the great vax pump of 2020
[deleted]
Oh yeah you're absolutely right. The Fed has managed to put even more air into a housing bubble. The moment interest rates tick up the tiniest bit the millions of people who bought homes with cheap Fed money will be upside down.
I really hate the bonds guy on cnbc
You sold before 1000? Pathetic
Gamma squeeze #4 confirmed
RKT share holders are the most paperhanded motherf\*(kers! Goes up .03 cents & sell's off continually
I actually think webull is a bad enough brokerage that you could sue them
This is what every future bagholder says
Timber tech, please timber. TIMBER NOW
TWLO 285 weeklies wheres the gang ???
PLTR nooo! 😭
someone tell me what to buy I got 12k
Yes, for the love of god, sell you dingus.
Is plug kill for the day?
I love selling at the top
[deleted]
Here comes the nio dip
That IV on NIO 🤭 please save yourselves and do not buy any earnings calls.
Come on AAPL stay green
[deleted]
DUMP EEITTTTTT
Sony? Are you awake?
[deleted]
Fuck off PLTR just fuck off
dont' worry my fellow babaian we soon make greens like amzn
What the fuck is baba doing
I think we can all agree - the downvote squad has lost a lot of money after coming here
Dead dinosaur company
Sold puts to most of them.
Dude the smoky Xbox’s are literally just people blowing vape through the bottom of it
Palantir gonna pull a RKT back to 11 imo.
Is this usually the best time to sell during the day? Asking about 11/13 NIO calls up 100%
55, 75
it expires tmrw
Good my friend, how are you doing?
Can somebody call Tattooed Chef and remind them the market is open, good god.
priced in after a 20% drop the previous days?
Thats a pretty cool conspiracy theory, now back to the mental asylum you go
NIOOOOOOOOOOOO he is the one
What retarded ass shit is holding up this pathetic market? Just drop already you fucking bum
I would say play earnings next week but honestly? its risky even with XPENG soaring after theirs
Dads looking if he can abort teenagers
About time activision about fucking time
Weed company
Oh yeah I bought some during this week's dip and it's green since yesterday
It’s China holding baba back, it should easily be a 400 dollar stock. JP Morgan 2 days ago still considers them a buy
NIO 50 EOD ALL DIPS MUST BE BOUGHT
Bought a chunk of pltr shares $16.71. Bought at the top. God I hate this time until now until 16.71 is safely in the distance. Holding long term
Shambles can’t talk
Many of you that jumped on the PLTR bandwagon got rekt this morning
Can't believe people are still making this comparison. YES, they do compete in the gaming peripherals market, but that's it. The other sides of their business are totally dissimilar. $LOGI with mass market and premium office/niche peripherals, $CRSR with their mid to premium grade PC components. I personally think both will continue to do great, but I think Logitech just has more skin in the game by targeting the low-mid-high end office segments.

Positions: Logitech G910, Corsair Dark Core RGB SE
next week is ER so hold and sell before?

that is if another ER pumps it another 10%
No
have to cancel my trip to Disney b/c of corona restrictions in my state - sorry DIS holders
AMD giving me a fucking stroke.
Which is? A company that’s worth like Tesla ?😂😂
Is that Barron?
DROPPPPPP EEEIIITTTTTTTT
Damn maybe my RH has seen how much money I’ve lost and decided not to give me that option.
didn’t take advise cause i bought calls yesterday
Another day of RKT being locked in a cage
nio price targets eom and eoy?
I'd be euphoric for another 1% pop in the first hour.
Singles days are priced in, are you new?
don't you fucking dump on me JD
[deleted]
What y'all think of INTC?
...To hard FTFY. I think OPs on this sub should be spending any money they have left after "loosing" it on spelling lessons.
Cup and handle deez!
Ulta, CVS, and Shipt.  Not a bad bag.
BILI buy this
Do you feel that boy? The way the shit clings to the air. Shit blizzards coming
&#x200B;

Oh Yeh Baby!!! Thats WHat We've Been Waiting FORRRR
Turns out i was way off and yea sure, there aren't 2 million per year. But what you posted weren't sources. They are as garbage as the 'source' I had used for 2m (actually said like 1.8m I was just rounding). Actual number is closer to 500k - 1m. 

Here is a real source:

https://www.uscourts.gov/report-name/bankruptcy-filings

Doesn't change the main point though that the cost to review and send someone to argue on behalf of the creditor, for $20k they likely won't get back anyways, is very low.

Not advocating to do that, just speaking from a realistic perspective.
Buy the top
Moonstocks gonna weed !
Everything’s relative.  Gains are gains.  Better than losses on dumb shit.
Lots of downvotes this morning. Downvote this bitches.
cringe
Wish I lived in Europe, all America does is fucking sell everything. Rinse lather repeat.
Thank you for your sacrifice.
or 10% if ETSY
another insecure autist downvoting everything again
lol what
SPY Puts are free money. You’re retarded if you’re buying calls
Where is the kid that was trying to stop his dad from using his entire retirement to buy NIO in the low 20’s?  Dad must be pissed
TeCh RoTaTiOn
Where you going baba?
She probably thinks you mean Peleton
Zoom, pton, zscalar etc are work from home plays. People dumped these stocks after Pfizer news later realized Pfizer vaccine won’t be available very soon.
Please dip so we can buy
Check my history, plenty of actual DD.  Not just a quick text post.
the fact NIO only moves in 5 or more % increments makes me nervous
PDD 🥰
Don’t feel bad there will be more opportunities with NIO
GAMESTOP PLEASE STOP WITH THESE GAMES
Ya sellers I believe
die Mouse die
Draftkings Q2 had no sports games, but Q3 had the World Series, nba finals and start of the nfl season; all of which have had 0 complete shutdown, MM’s are clowns for giving a lower projected EPS for Q3 then Q2
Or a vaccine
[deleted]
Lol why are you still in this? Are you waiting for another offering?😂
BABA doing billions in revenue in 2 days and cant even push above 270. 

total fucking trash remind me to never buy shit gyna stonks ever again
[deleted]
Honestly what the fuck why can’t spy drop at least 1% after multiple days of +2% last week
Yes CHWY! Give Walmart that middle puppy finger🐶
\+.14%, looks like it's Royal Ossetra for lunch
Nov 27 $162.50

Jan $165
Mar $170
Mar $200

Also 900 shares at $131.
ICLN CALLES
Is your brother 9 years old?
Let the PLTR profit taking begin.
Wanna see a +5% across the board
[deleted]
You took profit and that’s ok
Sure, true also. Same thing. Total BS. No free markets anywhere anymore. GL!
I feel bad for tesla...they are stable but not getting the love they deserve.  Maybe valuation is full but damn did they have a strong earnings and outlook...their energy storage business is taking off on top of that.

 Anyways, long live Nio, let's gooo 💪
Should've just bought over 2k shares of NIO instead of DKNG. Fml.
Ban the bears, stocks only go up. Literally can't go tits up.
From Zacks fwiw:

Beyond Meat Inc. ([NASDAQ: BYND](https://247wallst.com/companies/bynd/))  was named as the Bear of the Day at Zacks with the “strong sell”  moniker. The research firm noted a poor recent earnings reaction and off  the chart valuations. The stock closed up 2.3% at $127.89 a share ahead  of the call, and analysts have come in with [many downgrades this week](https://247wallst.com/consumer-products/2020/11/11/has-mcdonalds-accidentally-made-beyond-meat-a-stock-to-buy-again/), along with a couple of upgrades.
lol the premiums on NIO.
Fucking idiots just hold pussies
PLTR looking weak ughhh.
lol bought spy puts at open fuck my little bear ass
VIX next week be like:

https://youtu.be/iM46Cig0pMw
[deleted]
TSLA $420.69 foreplay starting soon...
[deleted]
Is it kind of ironic they use coins for a gambling addiction? It be like AA handing out vodka bottles each year
PLTR $35
Mr. Market here and I approve of your statement. OP, you get your bitch ass back into the game. Oh, and your wife says hi.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [WizKid - Ginger ft. Burna Bo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33xgszZJn_c) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33xgszZJn_c)⠀►►⠀ 2:12 / 3:18 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I think this stock would move more in and out rather then up and down
Spy
?
I was in NIO, last August, 2019. I thought I remember buying alot of shares. I checked last night. I did. 1,200 shares. Wish I held onto them. That is before it plummeted. I made the right call at the time, just wish I got back in sooner.  I didn’t have diamond hands then.
congrats NIO homies.. i sold early for your success and im a pussy
TDOC YOU FUCKING BEAUTY
BA/CCL
there's not really a magic time where it consistently dies down, but generally speaking the first and last hour of the trading day have the highest IVs
Spy pumping and pfe drilling
Oh for sure, it was a 6 month battle between the clinical director and the medical director. My team was on the medical directors side. 

So it was all those fun passive aggressive games of people trying to screw others over, and then they fired my boss and replaced her with the ass. He started messing with our treatment and hospitalizing patients when we thought they were fine but took it too far and got the entire county sued, and his license is on probation. 

I left the state and have been day trading while my license transfers. Still shocked My license didn’t take a ding. Out of my whole team, only one other person is still in mental health. That shit burns people out in our field waaaaay more than patients do.
SNAP BACK TO REALITY OH, THERE'S NO GRAVITY 

&#x200B;

SNAP 45 EOW
[deleted]
Tell me why TZA won’t hit $15 by January, it’s free money
hey alexa play ginger by burnaboy
Let's just do the same thing we did yesterday noice
Nio will go up to 300$ in the next 2 years. Calling it
That
What’s good for puts now my bears??
This would be a blessing.
SPY P350 today?
"It's different this time!" Said a gazillion times.
DKNG is dog poop.  It'll dip back down to red soon enough for you to get in.
I got a laugh out of this lmao
pltr dump
fk i bought pton too early on monday and i sold it yesterday hoping to buy low again 

rip oh well another opportunity will come gl i hope it hits $120 for u
Puts.
There's your PLTR dip now it's time to slingshot
Ban lmfao
GUH PLTR
Really, -.3% is all we’re gonna get? Lovely
No options for Europoor :(. CFDs suck imo but a) they are the only option for me and b) they still print hard sometimes
when do i sell my ZM call tho
Just get back in!
you're obviously bag holding that POS
2000
VIX falling.  Shrek calling.
No
[deleted]
Someone has to be holding baba down
🚀🚀
Beyond beating meat
I love how the stock goes fucking 90 degrees on opening. The NIO bears get slaughtered like they rightfully should
the Smokey Xbox’s is a hoax
Why do bears hate money?
5
Why did I sell NIO at $41, again?
BABA scaring me.
Where are the NIO doubters
But he now has 30k to turn into  more profit in the run to 100
BABA you cuck
Zm calls
Watch how many bears try to short NIO right here. Gonna be sad
keep buying puts on nasdaq so we can moon
It will hold till the worlds burn to hell
NTES ive been telling yall
Literally have $200 just sitting in my RH account. What call would you buy with NIO?
NIO you go girl!
Nio is the new nkla
ACB pump initiated...what are we looking at eod? 7.40 or 24?
I didn’t get it. It was a pending order ans now prices are $1.03 on the premium vs 9cents. -.-
this
And there it is. NIO ATH
So glad I went 100% all in NIO & XPEV earlier this week. Best decision I’ve made in a long time.
Hmmmm
Short squeeze soon?🤦🏻‍♂️😂
fucking hell....of course FPRX jumps another 25% the day after pumping 250%?! 

logic told me to stay away from that one....should have listened to the tard that suggested it
NIO blastoff!
They always bounce back
NIO BRING TSLA WITH YOU
Should have bought DKNG dip
lmao IV = 154%
Yeah...their gaming division is nothing when compared to overall business. They could literal exit gaming and market wouldn't give a shit. Granted, the company will go down within the next few days but will eventually recovers.
Did you know that vaccine will be out for everyone tomorrow and everyone will go to all the Disneys the day after?
Nio bears / people claiming its going to be another LK really are the biggest dumbasses right now
You love to see it.  Hope it holds.
Everyone when someone is downvoting I’m imagining a guy who lost his last short and going salty against everyone
PLTR please do something
bout to be a 10% day for PTON
Big green
Okay ty for the quick gains PLTR time to buy more Nio lol
I swear I always catch your comments dropping Nio Hymns on daily threads. Good work!
Pussy
About what
Sounds about right
NIO still undervalued, needs to go to its price target
[deleted]
I do cfd as well bro
pltr always dips at open then rallies all day
Hope u went big on this one lol 😂 good move bro
Dammit PLTR other way other way!
Looks like the BYND dead cat bounce is over and it's just gonna drop from here imo :)
tan, ICLN, VALE, BMRG
fuck Best Buy sold out of PS5.
i held...my puts
11/20 353 spy put no reason to sell right ? Murky waters ahead ?
Is the morning downvote brigade a new tradition? Used to be only after close until the little rascals got tired.
Can I have my money back pls RKT
PTON 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Downvote mafia in the house
Circuit breakers so I can feel again pls
Are you retarded
We don't
I have a bad feeling about this...
Puts on capita and cineworld you nonces
[deleted]
Thoughts on Air Bnb IPO?
(she looks at my portfolio, it's all defense companies, security contractors, massive banks notorious for fraud)
OSTK calls?
“THEREEEE GOES MY HEROOOOO. WATCH HIM AS HE GOESSSS”

Thank you NIO 😩😩😩
Another market open, another day I can’t believe I sold my DNLI calls at $51 🤡
wow BABA is fucking dogshit
Will 100% do, thanks for the advice
Lmao 99% of the nay sayers literally know nothing about NIO and didn’t hear about it until someone from here posted about it. Stop being salty you sound like a little bitch. See you at $60 EOM
Absolutely mind boggling how bad a brokerage webull is. Like. Compared to interactive brokers it is just absolute dog shit

Edit: why the fuck did I ever make this account. Closing it all now. Fuck webull. Absolute dog.
Pics or it didn’t happen 👁👄👁
Pltr going crazy rn just go up it isn’t that hard
PLTR TO THE MOON 🌙 🚀
HOLD
The next time you bitch about manipulation in the US just remember to pull up BABA's daily chart where they paid the ultimate sin of pointing out flaws in Glorious Leader's corrupt banking system.
I'm sure he knew that 🤦‍♂️
Li :)
[removed]
PLTR to the moon fellow autists
I feel like it's  too good to be true. NIO just keeps going up.
sold my tdoc 177.5 call for a loss yesterday 🤡
I remember back on monday when we sold off tech and bought airlines, hotels, etc cause of vaccine news and now we're selling off again cause of "covid concerns" why do we contradict ourselves?
I'm waiting to see what happens this morning and doing some more DD before I decided anything, was eyeing DEC 18 2020 Puts @ $20 Strike.


Still, gotta do that info gathering thing though.
PÖMP EET
hold retard
tech nvr dies
BYND doing a'ight :)
DIS going up is hilarious
Yes thank you Baba turn the fuck around
Gme in kangaroo mode
so when is it safe to start buying? or maybe I should ask around what time does it simmer down to normal
PTON PARABOLIC
[deleted]
[deleted]
so like every other day?
Congrats!
i remember sum bears last niht saying that tomorrow will be red or oof u bought the bear trap yesterday....

if 25% dip in tech stonks werent a clear indicator u prob need to get some help
Lol I hear this one for weeks😂😂
please bank some of it into safer index funds.
Robinhood is having a seizure
Well amd being amd
I regret only buying 10 11/13 45 NIO calls
Fuck the guy that convinced me to sell my 45c weekly
[removed]
SPY DIE YOU IDIOT
Congrats and fu!
Dropped $200 on a zoom lottery ticket put and now it’s worth 0.01. Why do people keep buying that stock?
You sound like a spoiled piece of shit who would trade your parents for a dime
bruhhhhhh my shares ;((((
Just here for the down doots
Yeah man! Where u think today it will be lowest at?
Nio rocketing away. Cya
Karma gonna get you
Sell nio or hold?
Market Chameleon
Still cant believe the gift they let me into PYPL at, see you at 200
I love nio
Amazon boysss
volatility usually highest at the beginning and ending of trading days
Holy fuck I’m numb and grateful. I turned $200 to 30k on the NIO run up since it was at 20. Thank you degenerates, I really love you all
gj
[deleted]
Daily trigger / reminder: IV crush isn't real.

Edit: some tasty downvotes from those who haven't *actually* done any reading about Implied Vol and how it's generated. :)
RKT 🚀
Can’t wait for the money printer to switch on after NIO earnings 💰📉
Yup. From EU trader perspective, a drop when US opens is more often than the opposite. But it recovers usually a while later.
Short squeeze until dump
NIO ATH soon
V happy to sell PLTR at 16.96 at open wasn’t expecting it to fill tbh
More IV
Rather be a leech than a cuck
Stonks only go up
NTES sexy
Puts on baba
waiting for BA dump NVIDIA pump
SHREK DILDO YAYYYYY
I have no idea
RKT had to purge the paper handed pussies before it moons
Nio!!!
Of course the one tech stock I have puts on is going vertical right now. This is some bullshit.
$SNE Opening red on ps5 release

Literally wtf
Damn, from deposit or capital gains!???!
PTON waking up like a horny becky
Wtf fisker youre supposed to copy nio😠
ZM up 5% already
Guys we are 4 minutes into the session y’all need to relax
NIO just smashed past key resistance at 45.25
are premiums more expensive at market open? why is that
NIO making me cream
Looks like it’s happening bud
pton baby
Wow! The NIO rumors were true!
y gamestop go down
[deleted]
at home
some dude is already down -60% today and downvoting everyone because of it
700% and out on zm 😊
Richer parents
IMO after a certain point JPow's printer has very little to do with employment, despite what central bankers tell us and themselves. Credit markets aren't frozen in fear anymore. In fact corporate bond yields are at all-time lows right now; it's never been cheaper to borrow. Yet job recovery is slow and slowing. At this point JPow's string pushing is only good for pumping asset prices, and he's doing to keep doing it anyways because he'd never admit QE wasn't working. Which is great for my calls.
347 puts for tomorrow and I’m a bull but it’s weird out here
My PTON calls 💓
Cramer pump on RKT
Lets go Mr Bezos. Why not 3600 today ?!
Go on NIO with ya bad self
Christ the call to put ratio for today on SPY IS 1:3.59

Never seen it this high

Update : it’s down to 1:2.9
[deleted]
LETS FUCKING GOO ZOOM 🚀🚀
Just like your username
Baba is so fucking oversold
Sell NIO calls now??!!!!
Nio said fuck your dip and fuck u/uokoris for taking profits yesterday.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PTON   110.0|4.85|5.15|5.0|1.12|79.984%


PTON 110.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1q0dm&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Are we the actual poors?
Mm not sure it might be flat I actually think selling calls might have the highest chances of profit. Iv is high and it would probably not moon that much
What is PLTR doing pray tell
[deleted]
[deleted]
VIX harassing again
Good thing I sold my $110c 11/20 PTON yesterday at 3:55...
Don’t be a bear on NIO until after ER
[deleted]
45 broken on NIO again, let’s go to 50 today
[deleted]
#public health in shambles
If that isn't manipulation, I don't know what is. 
MMs were caught way off guard the last couple weeks.
It's a *Lord of the NIO: The Fellowship of the PLTR* kind of day
[deleted]
Ameripoors selling off
Lmao
PLTR!!!
Now they both down
Bullvember
S T I N K S 🌈🐻📉

S T O N K S 🐂📈
Baba WTF?
US came to dump what EU was building, again.
Nio-Nazi I'm not. Nio-stock I am
HOLY SHIT NIO
AMZN pls don't fade on me.
HOLD ON FOR DEAR LIFE
Guess i'm holding this HYLN $30 bag quite a bit longer
RH is the worst
Robinhood is my only red portfolio lol all my other accounts green 🌝
This is maybe the stupidest reason to be a bull.
[removed]
Fuk
He’s retired or in jail. I can’t remember which one
fuck ur puts
358P s yesterday were a good call.
Are you buying shares options
Robinhood market makers sweating rn adjusting the option prices for NIO
So confirmed, REV is the new GNUS! Quick in and out?
thanks for talking me out of nio puts fellas
lol some dumbass NIO bear downvoting everyone
Wtf is happening
[deleted]
HYLN dumping
ughhhhh RH FUCKS UP
Dumpy dump dump
Yo wtf my NIO options are not updating on TD?!
Straddle on PLTR?
I've been holding similar May calls since it was at $9, gonna just sit on those until late March
5pm eastern
WTF
Haha next time
Your wife is loose. You lose your money on FDs. C’mon man.
LETS GO DOWNSIES
I sold enough to secure profit. Letting the rest ride it out cause might get lucky!
The shit already popped up to 64 before. It’s got room to fall in the short term.
The US military thinks a life is worth 400k
Alexa play Kickstart My Heart
NIO calls still sitting at +0% for the day. Hurry the fuck up and update.
Well, there's also urgency on the trading floor where mistakes and miscommunication could lead to massive multi-million loses.
NIO BEARS IN SHAMBLES, MASS DOWNVOTES
Looks like NIO is blasting off again!
Fucking robinhood glitches😂 every market open I get a heart attack in a good or a bad way. This morning it showed me January icln calls were all worthless for 20 seconds
It rolls down hills 28% more efficiently
Is robinhood broken??
Fuck it it’s too flat wake me up when something moves lol
Absolutely brutal price action
I can’t wait to see the NIO bag holders lose their money
[deleted]
ETSY GO GO GO
Ok baba now HOLD THOSE GAINS
IV so fucking high a huge swing is already priced in, the stock would have to super moon for you to make any money. You could get lucky but personally not worth the risk, if you want to play NIO earnings, buy shares
How much of your portfolio to you put on something like this personally?

2%?

5%?
[deleted]
 So hold PLTR through earnings or what
Shhh RKT doing something
What is $pltr?  Obviously, I have some calls, just wondered what it is.
Thanks I’ve been prepping for a bit, personally find it much harder when someone is staring me down via MS teams
Selling some rocket shares I have to buy more NIO at this point
Who tf cares about a SEC filing, if you control when the news goes out then you get to manuiplate the stock price to coincide with your sale

If you aren't slightly skeptical that the timing of a massive sale from the CEO just so happened to be *perfectly* timed with the voluntary press release of release of extremely positive data, well, ok lol. Quite a convenient coincidence
Great I can’t sell now
Upvote if BABA closes Over 290 today
[deleted]
Massive volume about to pile in
Lets go gamblers !!!!
Please shoot this communist
WTF PLTR
Shoulda bought 1000
[removed]
I'm down for Nobearber.
Bought 10 right at 424 after seeing this comment. Ty

Bought 20 more, up $250 instant. stonks
What LEAPs did you pick up? I'm 200 shares long atm but thinking of also picking up LEAPs while it's on discount still.
>Fisker Revero

Thats not by fisker you retard. Its by Karma.
I bought them with the intention of selling when it hits $100 next fall, so I will hold.  Even a 20% drop from here and my LEAPS are still ITM, lol.
So puts is what I’m hearing
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   45.0|2.89|2.94|2.92|-0.1|112.296%


NIO 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 8 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1pirt&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
PTON MOONING
People are just having thanksgiving
Nio gang
Yes NIO, shit all over those NIO bears
JD let’s fuckin go
Spy
Think he meant it was TIGHT tight tight
These bitchez had me sign for it. I signed like an idiot thinking it was a gift
How we feeling about DraftKings Earnings?
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [The Notorious B.I.G. - Mo Mo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUhRKVIjJtw) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUhRKVIjJtw)⠀►►⠀ 3:52 / 5:48 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
🚨MARKET ROTATION INTO NIO, THIS IS NOT A DRILL🚨
Zm calls confirmed retards if you’re gay do nio puts
Retail ownership of NIO is 0.1%
Dude.  Unless you're holding for retirement, who cares which despotic regime runs the company.

If it turns out to be a great company, great!  Just trade the trend with a part of your position.
Is tech going to rip at open and dump into a red day or are we mooning diagonally upwards and to the right until 4?
ZM Puts at open???
well.... I liked it
Let's make this money dude
[deleted]
let’s go spy
I think all my conservative cult members moved to Parler from FB. They been very quiet. Its nice.
Sold my 12/18 $15c 😭
same brah, WSB forever!
Alexa play Mo Money Mo Problems
Hold on
There aren't always correct answers, but there are definitely incorrect answers. Take your time to think it through
shut up
Sell
I’m holding
Shoot from any type of view it's a grab. Its China's most important commerce giant, all this regulation and Jack Ma stuff is just a slap on the wrist to remind him who he answers to. They won't disappear him or his company
Chances of a FSR pullback?

What entry y'all looking at?
[deleted]
It's about fucking time
ACB is gone. I hope no one was idiotic enough to hold overnight.
Lol on What?
[deleted]
[removed]
Well they did beat expectation outta your mom for conceiving a moron that's for sure
Ruggy pully daddy
BABA don’t give me hope
[deleted]
Nasdaq gonna test 12k before maybe reversing or breaking through,, be rdy
Just reverse all the meme stocks that everyone is blowing up in this sub
me too so I can load up on long dated puts
Delete this post.  You never received that letter.
Fuck no nut November we need no bear November
Less than a minute before I get bent over
I'm holding mine
No. Law salaries dropped like a rock after 2008. You’re paying all that money to start off at 60k. You have to be a top lawyer to bring in the bucks.
Na lose it all
Nio no need to ever go down ever ever ever again pls
My big brain move today is to add NIO puts. I am confident (on the outside, not inside) that it works out just fine.
NO one yet.  But once mango is no longer president he will lose certain protections he has been given including not getting banned.
Average retard wsb user
I think it’ll run up to earnings, I’m holding 15c but only because it’s hurting
Bruh NIO developed the worlds fastest autonomous car three years ago. Their autopilot is better than TSLA’s. They don’t really need to steal from TSLA ngl.
aamerica is the better economy
Lets go zoom.
NTES is the play
Never happen
Changing my middle name to NIÖ
lmao, more taxes because they're using less resources? i.e., not commuting, not taking up office space?
It always returns to 420!
So I’m too late?
Give me a smart ZM play.
^clips ^chin ^strap
Anybody look at the top ten holdings list for the new ETF MOON. It’s literally a WSB meme list.
Jesus christ...

THATS JASON BOURNE
是
Let’s pull this here rug and see what happens
Shitcoin isn’t real
[deleted]
Sell this NIO 45c 11/20 at open or nah?
SE is a monster. Knew I should’ve gone all in at 155
Spy about to boom at open let’s go bulls
Dad?
Fly AAPL, flyyy
$hitcoin has been going nuts
Yes, do not buy options before earnings.
Holiday super spreader events incoming
PLTR GANG IM GONNA SHIT MY PANTS
*don’t say anything*  *don’t get banned*
APPL
99%
FUCK YES NIO
Hoping for a small dip at open from profit taking.
Sigh of relief...

Mango was heard talking about running in 2024. This is big deal for a transition. And even bigger for Bull gang. No coup, no big protests/riots (likely), etc 

Originally I was in the camp of turning bearish bc of this uncertainty. Now that this uncertainty is somewhat reduced, back to Bull gang 

Stupid permabears, challenge your viewpoints 

https://www.msnbc.com/11th-hour/watch/trump-s-emotional-state-is-quite-fragile-after-election-loss-95760453510
[deleted]
Wtf did I just read?
Depends on what it does
Rug pull raggy?
XPEV baby needs a new pair of shoes!
Fuck those pieces of mother fuckesarL"?ikfgcnL:%K3emnqwRSDFXLO:Keqtwrs'dfgcov/kiln134qterwdfgcvb

'gfsdcbvx
I need nio to put its big ass dick in my ass hole
Boys, we might not get the traditional NIO market open dip today. It’s a straight moon ride today
Flat market confirmed.
I got some may 12.5 calls , just wish I got more haha
Hoping ZM zooms back to record highs next week
₿
You are all so fucking retarded but I love each and everyone of you.
Ah, the perceived inflection point. Don’t worry, it’s a mirage.
Fidelity fedexed me a margin call letter. Y'all coulda used those funds to help me out brah
Who did they ban?
So NIO ain't going back to 39 then
Naw mate you have to secure some profit !

&#x200B;

I said the same but I wanted to be smart for once and sell 1/3 of my position for a 150% return .

&#x200B;

Now pm the stock is tanking so I'm rebuying the dip . 

&#x200B;

Finally buying low and selling high
Golden
it has had a crazy run -- I'd sell

I own LEAPS so I am holding, but no way I would hold 11/20s after the run we've had.

Sell enough to cover your cost and let the rest ride?
PLTR is my love but I don’t see it maintaining another huge jump today off earning hype. Could pull back a bit on earnings
Uhm... DDOG?
[deleted]
If I buy NIO 11/20 calls now for earnings will I get IV crushed?
Whoa did I accidentally click on yesterday's thread?
Deutsche Bags
Markets just taking a little rest.  It got too excited and overly euphoric for Joe over the last week and just needs to chill for a minute.
Chinese? Check.

EV?  Check.

All in.
Pretty sure stocks went up and down in the past - like they do today. 

In the past, people bought and sold stocks without actually knowing a thing about the underlying (because it was too difficult). Look around you - you’re in wsb.  People today know the symbol they’re buying/selling- but that’s about it.  Fundamentals are readily available- but they don’t bother to read them. 

Panic selling today looks like what it did in the past - just with more volume. 

What’s the difference?  Lead pencils and Casios?
[deleted]
I love 9:30 but that rush goes away usually within 5 minutes. I shoulda had NIO calls, sad peen.
what is your stupid yolo play are you doing today to get rich or die trying>
You're very wrong if you think $1400 is all the tuition you'll pay for this education.
Hope retail takes NIO to the moon today!
[deleted]
What are we piling into at open retards?
Console peasant
Stop phubbing.  Use the Forest app
Well there seems to be a correlation with people dying and the major indices so I guess I'd prefer less death... SPY 358 P 330P
where do you usually eat when you don't have money?
I thought selling at some point might be generally good when a lot of them arent locked anymore
Zimbabwe announces 95% effective vaccine
Sell spy puts at open? I bought at close
Hbd 2 me
[removed]
Yep yep yep
Miss what u tard, they beat expectations, you know what the word expectations means? You autistic tard
XPEV daddy keep going
Now I’m no gay bear, but I think ZM’s time has come
Nah probably 45 though

Edit: now wait a minute
Thank you
Sell some of the position
[deleted]
I’m so fucking mad at myself. Got shaken out of calls ATM) and missed earnings. Luckily I forgot I have shares so I’ll still make something 😭
Ask your mommy for your allowance early, we’re pumping PLTR today boys
No u
I went puts. They pumped hard with vaccine optimism.

But at the end of the day, parks still closed or diminished capacity, no movies, Mulan was a dud that showed maybe releasing theatrical movies on Disney plus won’t work and they just furloughed more employees.
I started turning my phone off at night. If i wake up and see the premarket even if it's at 4am i can't fall back asleep.
but look at the fundamentals:

https://finviz.com/quote.ashx?t=grwg

it's so cheap and undervalued
Silly statement 🤡
This meme is so cute
You good bro?
SHITCOIN MOONING
Yeah she moving in next week but it’s cool... she goes back up north to him in the spring through summer. We worked out the details last night
It’s a coin flip, I’d sell at least some of them
Shit I cannot believe I didn't even think of this
Gawddam I'm bored. Let's get this show started already!
Take the profit. Especially if IV is still somewhat high. Theta hits hard on fridays and the prices move so erratically it gets stressful
**BABA Making billions in just two days from singles day**
yes
ssssshhhhhh,don't question it. just let it ride
$40puts are looking tasty
I feel like im selling half
Dont answer too quickly, try to be analytical even if u don’t know
##coup talks going well
I thought it'd be crashing in flames right now, but pre market is pumping it again? Which puts you eyeing?
Buy buy buy
Yea these leaps are moving quick for me too. I think I may sell them at EOD and the renter after earnings drop. If there isn’t one so what I cash out up big.
It's not too late to FOMO, I'd go with itm options or shares to not get crushed by IV. But I am a tard, so don't listen to my opinion.
I don't buy stock i'm not a pussy
If PLTR hits $20 before earnings I’m selling my shares because I can’t see it doing well.. yes, I said it, shares for the slows in the back. 

*fight me, but you’re too weak to win*
Can confirm
why tho
Blow? What are you, 13 with all of your teeth intact? Try speed.
Nobody tell him
you mean the day that they ban their biggest user?
VW compared to Toyota, Honda, Mercedes, etc. The other big car makes, you dummy
Market Makers making their 1000th move
what's your thesis?
NIO 46 ,47 even EOD. it was foretold in the ancient texts.
I’m selling before earnings. Gotta lock in those tendies
I keep snoozing and waking up and the market is still not open, I have to sleep through open or I panic sell and buy SPY puts
[deleted]
Going to get higher eod
Consulting case interview in an hour, how do I ace the case
Puts it is
Are you fucking kidding me
GNUS....now that’s a name I’ve not heard in a while. That was the first stock I bought, it shot up to $11 and I was up $500 in a minute and thought I had the stock market down Lol
Xpev misses and still moons

OK then
Who cares? There's no good releases for it. If I want to play games in 60fps I'll just play them on my 6 year old PC.
And if there’s no dip fgt
[deleted]
We selling PLTR before close? There has to be a pullback soon right?
So whatever is happening premarket will reverse course at market open followed by another reverse at 10, and a small reverse at 11 and another at 1105, then huge one at 2 and the grand finale of fuckery or tendies happens 3-4....ok got it. Time to lose some money
AND SAY HELLOO TO -0.5% interest
ok so Apple, why?!?!
[deleted]
 astrology  >  TA
Sleepy Joe is already making the markets sleepy too. Orange man is already gone as far as the market is concerned.
🤡🤡🤡
ZM 🚀
I have a 300p sitting for February but I think I might try and play weeklies
You couldn't wait until 420.69%?
jpow is closet bear
LI AUTO?
so dump us stonks and head to china?
Thought I had diamond hands holding my NIO calls through back to back -5% days and recovering some of my losses. Turns out I was a fraud and now I'm gonna miss out 😭
Nikola will be using there gravity powered technology to bring the vaccines down from the skies to the entire world.
[deleted]
i found the autist
[deleted]
Man, PLTR has come too far too fast.  It has to drop tonight after earnings.

I have LEAPS so I'm not worried. (and they are already up 200% in 2 weeks, lol)
Yes
Cue banjo
Cash out today, earnings are baked in by now
Just wait until voting fraud is exposed and states get overturned lmaoo
Dis puts or calls?

Leaning toward riding the downside this earnings. Thoughts?
Show your work retard
How many have you done? I’ll reward myself with more if I make a good trade
twitter 1/21 50c looking nice
Can a bear please put his cock inside me
And that's the top boys
Planters only grow green stuff
I’m glad you keep finding me in here, probably tired of my spam haha but I have like $.80 left in so birthing happens until I sell these puts. I think I’ll still be negative overall on them, so not sure what my plan is for today
Interesting to see PDD crush it and not Baba. JD is up. Time to go heavy on them
Dump at open because MM’s hate us
I poop better gains after my morning coffee
jpow speeh gonna pump or dump?
yes
Inverse those!
Rigged move up going into the open.

Who woulda thought?
Quick someone tell me to hold my NIO 11/13c past open
lmao GME
People dying or money made?
QQQ puts
800% better than competitors
The thrill of the chase
[deleted]
He's bullish on it, basically saying "if you're happy this quarter, you'll be super happy 6 months from now"
Haha what about puts?
[deleted]
Baba, you got out?
[deleted]
lookin' like a dump
Whatever happened to that guy with 100k  pltr weeklies
All this NIO shit has gotten to me , think I’ll bite on a 45c for next week
Hold PLTR 11/20 calls thru earnings or cash out today?
I just want thousands of people to die, no payout necessary.
https://www.blackknightinc.com/black-knights-september-2020-mortgage-monitor/
GrWG
Yes
this is the way
🙏
NIO is the new SPY
I’ve been thinking about this in the way that the stock is still cheap as in monetary cheap although it has had a tremendous run which makes me cautious
BA puts or ZM calls 🧐
I know this is just a meme, but if NIO goes to 1000 it will have a market cap of ~$1.4 trillion.

Currently TSLA has a market cap of ~$400 billion and Toyota has a market cap of ~$230 billion. 

I can see NIO doubling or tripling by 2022 but not more than that.

I say this as someone who owns 2022 LEAPs.
Chewy poots checkin in
Omg Palantir stop you’re making me oowowowowow
pump
Only one line in so far? Those are rookie numbers gotta pump those up...
I don't see anything on [investing.com](https://investing.com)'s economic calendar about Powell talking at 9:30 today.
*Buys Altria*
this is the way
Baba bears fuk
I'm a bull but this shit has to dump. Im fine with everybody selling calls at open, but the day has to dump or we gonna be always looking over our shoulder for the pullback
Fuck Deutsche Bank.

[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/deutsche-bank-proposes-a-5percent-tax-for-remote-workers-post-pandemic.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/deutsche-bank-proposes-a-5percent-tax-for-remote-workers-post-pandemic.html)
Do I think we’ll see another big dip in the market in the next 4 months? Yes. Do I give a shit? No.
Why
What's that?
Yes
sell today
JWS anybody?
hey today's my first day here. for my first trade i bought 100x TSLA 500c 11/13 will they print??
Jerome Powell is the only man in government who truly cares about the American people.
CNBC said so, so probably on CNBC.
Both
TME earnings were two days ago..
Fd's
🥸
If your selling deep ITM covered calls, you’re giving your stocks up for less than market value...
COVID lockdown is an undue hardship that’s already been defined by the US government for tax purposes. Should extend to bankruptcy.
Should i sell pltr puts if i dont mind owning them? High iv
All EV plays are just hype as the big auto companies will take over the market anyway pretty soon.  Pure momentum plays with no basis in anything.  The biggest EV player in China is BYD Company and no one cares..... just fomo into NIO until they hype is over.
NTES calls this morning
ok amd get your shit together remember you're tech
[deleted]
C'mon you fucking blob fish at least crop out the username jeezus
Oh definitely. The idiots playing 50+ weeklies will learn hard about not selling on upswings. I’m sitting ITM 3 weeks out.
To ensure the smooth functioning of markets, we are going to start buying nio calls 55c 12/7.
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/4nileZk
That's just retarded. ACB gonna die
Alright just did my first line of blow and starting banging some deep house. I’m ready for this session!
You should’ve made this with the Wolf of Wall Street scene where his wife is asking the same question
Oh I don’t think so (nio up 2.5% in premarket)
MY MANNNN LETS GO
Nio is the next Tesla, buy now.   100$+ by end of next year.

Why do you think China allows Elon to open a factory there;  so they can steal the tech and prop up their own company.   That's what China does,  Elon got played.
Weed stocks put to sleep???

[https://www.marijuanamoment.net/marijuana-reform-omitted-from-biden-transition-plan-on-racial-equity-despite-campaign-pledges/](https://www.marijuanamoment.net/marijuana-reform-omitted-from-biden-transition-plan-on-racial-equity-despite-campaign-pledges/)
I have no respect for loose money
This ETF attempts to follow an index of equities that moon.
YUP
JPOW speaking today?
We dumping at open?
It’s lagging behind chinaa
Lol yea totally dem NKLA and TSLAs have long history of quality lmao
I do now actually. I decided to grab it after everything bad happened. Now I don't use it
that's when magic happens... just wait for some random S&P inclusion now...
[deleted]
No way!!
shitcoin rising like 2017 jisus
Baba take me to the promised land, i was konda worried about these leeps i picked up, but this thing is the next amazon, 2022 will be 500+
Naming my first kid NIO
They did report that, stfu you look stupid
Go whizz on an electric fence
JD or BABA.. hurryyyyy
STIMULUS TALKS GOING WELL AT OPEN
Weed calls are dirt cheap. So tempting.
market will go up or down today mark my words
[deleted]
Icln better
bout to REV my engines with REVLON and pickup some mascara for my hooker GF.
That and if Biden proposes any stupid gun laws demand will shoot up
This implies people here will reproduce and also raise children that are socially capable of reproducing. I call b-b-bullshit.
*Boogie woogie woogie*
Powell has the same speech every week lol we all know a stimi is needed  but we got clowns at the office not doing shit
watching charts all day doesn't mean you know what will happen in the future.  He need to close his position before earnings to avoid IV crush if he's up on his contract.  Unless NIO moons 15-20% after ER.
No one actually sells here, they just expire
We knew that yday and it barely moved
Remember tsla?
Holy shit there’s a new ETF called MOON!
See you at 360
Probably down
Same 11/13 $25 C's. FML
Biggest singles day in history, overblown sell off reaction to vaccine news, shrugging off antitrust laws because China would be especially silly to target their crown jewel

And the drop yesterday was quite big
Waiting for a pull back before jumping in. Missed the chance after the earnings drop then big rebound. Aint getting caught at the top
What do we think about PLTR? Should i buy?
XPEV!!!

Let’s fucking goooo
I'm surprised no companies have come out with a distanced Thanksgiving plan that lets everyone in your family sign up to receive the same Thanksgiving dinner delivered to them wherever they are for zoom call Thanksgiving.
Depends if you’re ITM or OTM
Using the word “already” implies that there is more to go in the referenced quarter. The referenced quarter is now over. We’re midway through Q4. They should have reported Q3 numbers by now, beat or not.
By Tesla standards, yes. Also an absurd strike for 3 months out.
Maybe not lose a majority of gains on stupid ass drops
Nothing HAS futures. it’s up .19% premarket tho
[deleted]
[removed]
Spy puts
Got burned by that piece of shit too many times. Guarantee you it crashes with the next week
you think anyone is impressed by a VW? that's why
Someone? We are a whole fucking army
If you have profit take it

Google theta and the Greeks 

She’s a mean hungry bitch
I too am curious
Close my ACB short sell at open? Or hold
IT LOOKS UGLY
Lol
Uhh yeah dude, you also forgot smooth brained HOMO, but you have all valid points otherwise. 😅👍
I’m holding till my puts expire fuck it
Lol wix upgraded their guidance but still got fucked 😂
We tested it 3 times and now it broke through
Pltr still running damn why didn’t I go all In when it was at $9 for a month
🚀 🚀
Most sales today are going to be people just getting their pre-orders. Doubt any are actually available for walk-in retail purchase, but I guess a few might be held for that here and there.
NIO opening above $44!
Die spy die
[deleted]
VWs are shit cars.  Always have been.
2% aint mooning...lets think...maybe 59bn in 1 day?
Why are you guys still trading boomer stock TSLA? Chinese EVs are the future
Diaper Don super mad as hell.  Calls on Depends.
Baba
Russia just announced a 94% effective vaccine
Why don’t you have insurance?
New here. If an option expires tomorrow, is it better to sell today or wait till tomorrow? Or are there too many other factors to consider?
Branding bra
[removed]
Still got 66% to go man hang in there
Feels weird
BABA singles day event pulled in 74B$. 300 soon.
good luck
I can't find anything about jpow talking
What can Powell do at this point anyway? He’s just going to call for more stimulus again.
we are the volatility
pump or dump at open?
Nio makes my wiener happy 🙂
Who r u
I’m pretty sure sales increasing every quarter indicate a pattern of sales growth
Don't forget the biggest company to ever exist thus far is still trading at what it was 4 months ago
What can I day trade with $4k today please?
My RVLV puts gonna print but super not offset my SPY calls. The circle of life.
It hit 16 like last week.
🚀🚀🚀 to the moon !
Stonks will go fuck yourself ?
bro,don't do it. this is the WORST time. XPENG smashed earnings and boosted NIO and then NIO has earnings next week and is gonna run up hard. You ain't gotta listen to me but my Advice, puts are a bad idea right now
Why wait. Ship one of those mfers over
Valued at 50B currently with no factories. Oh wait factories are on the moon!
[deleted]
One Gay* at a Time
[deleted]
Interesting lol I didn’t even saw they were down more lol
Not high enough.
noooo
[removed]
I know someone who has $400k and only sends $10 monthly payments 😂 credit not effected
Who would buy a TSLA when VW making better EVs for cheaper lol
How is everyone doing just got back from my timeout I promise I won’t say anything political or retarded
Took u til now to realize this..?
🍉 calls with the boys
This isn't Tencent. It's Tencent Music and this stock doesn't move. Ban.
Chadsdiq fading?
Oversold
Its real now
Hello snake award man
Agreed
Govt contracts for surveillance of citizens. Need I say more?
Might be because of insane singles day profit and they are below their fair price?
In an interview an orange loyalist vowed to never back down even if trump bows out 🙄
Pro tip if you have BABA calls, sell on the initial run up then buy back on the dip 

#duh
Every Thursday the pump and dump. Look for it around noon today. Of course all the employees bought in yesterday in preparation.
Puts on aapl calls on amzn
[removed]
I bought at all time highs of $11, $15, $21, $27, and $31.

I want to buy more, I do. But I just can't. 

Nevermind,  Woody changed my mind.
[deleted]
I’ve never tried buying a console on release date - how fast do they sell out online? We talking instant or is there at least a couple minutes window? 

WalMart has a few times they are releasing today, wondering if it’s even worth trying or will they be gone faster than my tendies when my retarded RH order fills?
I’ll seriously save you your money. 

Instead of buying puts...just don’t play it AT ALL. Literally find something else that’s dipped and buy calls.
Get this shit out of here
And they’re reporting Q3 results...
Can spy die please
Wynn puts crew checking in. That was too easy went it went over $100. This shit loves $70.
Why
The media gets a lot of hate, but what would you guys do without all this volatility they help create?
In other words, crushing NKLA 😂
[deleted]
And what is ur expected pick? Is there still enough room to make it worth entering?
Diamond handing my AAPL calls idgaf
Why do you hate money? 😳
pick a direction USD
[deleted]
We need someone to inverse. I dont think cramer has seen the sun since March.
Bullish for PLTR
Trying to figure out how lol (U.S)
Holy shit. Ned Stark has been right all along. Winter is coming. A dark one apparently.
It's heavily shorted rn
Say goodbye to 0% interest
I’m so nervous SHOP doesn’t have future 😑
It’s doing that rn?
I have 240k in medical debt and my credit score still not affected. Why do people pay medical bills smh
Someone is bitter for not getting one 🤣
Ok your situation has nothing to do with Nio tho. You is a paper handed two brain cell peon who doesn’t believe in his plays for longer than his momma “dates” fresh dick
It’s Q4 now...
So at what point does this shift? The stock market is doing great so liquidity (aka the prints) need to be turned off. Why is everyone so worried about Letting markets function with out intervention at this point?
Don’t you fail me, retard
Yup
 START YOUR ENGINES LADIES & GENTLEMEN NEXT STOP ON THE NIO EXPRESS IS THE FUCKING MOON🚀🚀🚀
₿uy ₿itcoin bro 😎

WE HIT 16K 🥳🥳🥳
That's not target messing up thats you getting btfo by a million botters
They were down pretty big earlier, this ameliorated some of the damage and hopefully primes them for a green day.
[deleted]
Holy fuck forgot I still had 1k in shitcoin. Was taking a break from trading last thing I was expect was to be up huge on that. Sold out immediately lol
Write a business plan.
I’d wait until after earning.  Xpeng is up on its earning report.
wish i could loose money like wb
It aint just stocks either, real estate will be fukked too.
Why is BABA mooning premarket?
Etsy you lil tease... put those percentage points back on.
Omg I sold PLNT at 15 god I’m stupid
my graph is legit the same
Held the trifecta NIO, LI and XPEV through XPEV earnings :)
[deleted]
[removed]
What 😂is she hot?
GRWG meets earnings estimates? A little sus...
F
Seems like a downsies day to me
BAC puts checking in
[deleted]
This deserves 420 upvotes and is by far realest thing I’ve read in weeks.
Yup
Big if true.
We are doing some charity work here
\*Step\*brother
[removed]
It literally beat the deliveries for Q3 already
Me watching NIO soar after selling at $35: 

So Long Partner
Always lol like those research companies 😂
YOUR'E A MEME!
260
SHE CRIED A RIVER AND DROWNED THE WHOLE WORLD
been thinking bout NIO puts for awhile. it might be time
Selling at EOD - got burned by RKT holding through earnings, never again
Covid's been on the menu for the past 9 months. Old news. Market doesn't give a shit.
Only thing holding it back is potential for the PRC to cripple it (and Jack Ma) with a moments notice... and their recent discussion on doing so.
Fuck you.
Should have done tesla 10p leaps
AMZN is a dangerously fun options chain to play. 2.5 ->13k this week

Up or down today? 🤔
Upvoted for the Mod's flair.
Any link to Powell speaking? No feed on YouTube or Fed site.
Imagine thinking this is the top lmaooo
If you picked them up yesterday, perfect..
Hows that working out for you this morning?
Incoming - dark winter
[deleted]
Someone either bought puts or didn't buy the dip. 🧂🧂🧂🧂
Great. Better than nothing!
even better deal: give me all your money and I will give half back. This will outperform about 80% of the sub
Puts on boomer stocks at open. Can’t go tits up
Not before a minimum of 6 weeks lockdown.
##I think at this point the entire stock market is a meme
It's electric!

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmMQfTJ3gYk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmMQfTJ3gYk)
Nope
Lumber gang, tankers, clang gang,  GME shills, PRPL,  etc. This level of hype here always ends in pain. (I'm not talking about people holding shares, Leaps)
Apparently smashing earnings mean a 90% miss lmao. Still good guidance though
Buy that shit
Can’t believe people are doing this.
Hopefully AUPH
Love all the retards thinking people are buying NIO for how many vehicles it sells this quarter and not six months from now. Kids...
Yes please
how did you have 30k shares even after leaving company? i thought you only get those shares vested when it goes public and did you leave in last 90 days?
So it’s come to this huh
Curious how much I can ~~lose~~  win on puts since FPRX just exploded from $5 to $23 yesterday.
Starting to think that these PLTR 20c 11/13’s weren’t so retarded
Only idiots held on to ZM overnight or after opening bell. That shit craters like no other. Smart money bought and sold yesterday.
What an absurd growth.
Why? What time do they report earnings?
My zm debit might just print. 430/435 11/13
[NIO bulls when they see XPEV beat earnings and the EV market pumping](https://www.reddit.com/r/photolinks/comments/jriid7/_/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
making $$$
What I do with my wife and whatever time I choose to do it is none of Cuomo’s business
Something is gonna happen today
Who is getting their ps5 today 🙋‍♀️
No, cruise lines *super* fucked if no vaccine.
A facelifted r8 does 0-60 in about 2.6 to 2.7 sec LOL
Why sell?
They just do a reverse split...they've been doing it for 10 years. No reason they wont keep doing that.
Would a straddle on NIO be a good play?
Time to short spy
not enough pumping on twitter
So why are they red 😂😂
Can ACB just die. Who the fuck is buying into this shit company. I don't understand
China announces 93% effective vaccine 😂
People should definitely keep an eye on electoral collage fuckery though.
Sup bois.

Any thoughts on baba? Long term boomer stock view
No
Let’s be honest. XPENG did not smash earnings. They lost more per share then was projected. 

The good news is the delivery numbers going up big year over year and compared to last quarter. That’s the rise. Not their earnings.
I bought at $28 and then watched it bleed for 2 weeks down to $26. Then sold and it was like it knew I got out and then started it’s uphill climb again. I really dodged a bullet there, I almost made money. Whew.
To speak i tell if early does it
No
Holding shares like a boomer.
BEEN IN BOOOYYYYYY
HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US
link to talk?
Why is the nifty 50 down so much this shit doesn't make any sense.
Flat days suck. Let’s blow this up and start over or something
IVECO parent company CNH industry owns \~13% of Nikola.... makes sense they are trying to get hydrogen power into their current IVECO truck.
Just adding more information:

https://ny.eater.com/2020/11/11/21561135/new-york-bars-and-restaurants-curfew

Businesses with liquor licenses must close indoor and outdoor dining nightly at 10 p.m., starting on Friday
XPEV earnings getting people even more excited about NIO, you love to see it 😍
They said before years end most likely, no date yet
[deleted]
Regret not getting more puts in the financial sector smh. Well I’ll wait for a Green Day to reload cause nothings changed, rates are still shit
If PLTR hits $20 I’m gonna be rich
Who cried a river and drown the whole world!
Not predict but its also not just a roulette wheel lol. Do some research 🤦🏽‍♂️
I had Thai food l. Right there with ya bud.
Can the market wait 40 more min? I’m not ready for it to open yet
$800 call for 2/21 sitting at $400 is low?
ZM best stock. COVID? ZM. Tech green? ZM.
Some? Half of this sub is balls deep in NIO FDs / weeklies...
CHWY knew of WMT foray into pet service and countered with their news right away 

Long CHWY
Hahahahahahaha perfect
Powell talking? Selling all my puts at open.
No, not usually. I'm usually in the market no more than 5 minutes. Can't handle the stress anymore.
You forgot ram, AIO coolers, and just about any other computer part they can slap their name on.
Thinking about selling naked calls😂 no way it moons more because of their nonexistent earnings 😂😂
Found a hot cuban boyfriend
When is job report and jpow
What do we think about owning RGR at 43?  Should I let it just sit? Or should I be nervous.  Lockdown and civil war through out the next year should mean it prints right?
Interesting fact that no one asked for: Majority of people in India trade stocks according to astrology so regardless of if you are a believer or not people sometimes follow the pattern since most people will make bets accordingly anyways. If you have a telescope to see the sky tonight, Planet Jupiter and Pluto will actually be aligned lol
Powel wants to talk at open lol that bear bitch
prolly, or stoploss under 39
Three minutes on Google will tell you that's just not true
I'm looking at QQQ 290p 12/31
Yes
Wym I bought cruise lines in March
Yes - but how much is the person worth if they’re missing a limb?
Noticed that too.  Been awfully quiet lately.
holding
Sounds fair. Hopefully we get some retard strength though and just shoot up lol
I should have bought BABA calls at close yesterday, fuck. These 11/27 $310C are about to shoot up in price :(
will spy 350P 12/11 print?
yeah, and where are the... endomorphs?
Will baba let me sell at open? Hell no this is commie stock, no selling allowed
He’s been making shit up all day
Moderna
Good Bot
Can't decide if I'm happy tech is up or sad S&P is down
Yes lol
Yeah for now, still should start up in a couple of hours though
He cut me off
[deleted]
lmao astrology is more foretelling than drawing lines on a chart tbh. This is actually DD
this happened a month ago
The only thing running is COVID infections
So if these vaccines fail were not gonna wait another year right? People will start just taking the risk. So cruise lines go up if no vaccine and up if yes vaccine=free money?
she is moving in with her bf
XPEV: Come,Brother NIO. The moon calls us
[deleted]
Moving with her bf
XPEV no upgrades?
You going to hold ?
What we think this rockets are open?
Looks like my 135c PDD 01/21 are ITM..... how much more is this baby gonna run up?
JPOW gonna talk about the dark winter and how bad we need stimmy for his full range of tools to work efficiently
Jpow speaking in 15 mins.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Philip Bailey, Phil Collins ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkRKT6T0QLg) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkRKT6T0QLg)⠀►►⠀ 3:11 / 4:47 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Anything is better than sideways all day
Guys I just recently found this stock and I'm sad that I so late. The question is... Am I too late if I enter the game at $44?
ZM probably
XPEV earnings made me rock hard
Reading this comment has become a daily routine
Fuck- Powell to speak at open!?!
We’re all gonna fomo into the top of PLTR aren’t we.
Yeah he said it’s going down buddy so you’re fucked
My asshole is absolutely gaping right now but not because of the stock market but because I ate all you can eat sushi last night
Lissencephaly = smooth brain
[deleted]
This is peak WSB.
Shit is already up 4% so sell? Buy? Idfk
LRCX an even better semi equipment stock
Curious if you’re already using the drugs they just legalized
Alexa, play Easy Lover
[deleted]
That’s my 2nd biggest holding right now. Heard the ceo speak at Stanford and all I heard was government money, terrorism, artificial intelligence. Then I bought in!
Daddy Powell coming to talk to us @ 9:30
[deleted]
Wtf are you tracking
Yea if youre doing weeklies like a gd idiot
thats funny af actually
Alright guys this is now serious - you can’t eat out after 10pm in NYC 🙃
We already know it’s coming. It happens everyday with the first candle.
Eh my puts were looking better last night before I went to bed. Ppt here to save the day again
THEY’RE TAKING THE HOBITS TO ISENGARD
THIS IS THE STORY OF A GIRL
3 day trades.... what’s going to run
A .99 cent condom saves you at least $200K in the long term.
Completely forgot about JPow today.
But did you sell? If you did congrats but any bagholders will rue 2021
Yeah...I didn't want to give up on this one because I believe in the idea..I just wanted to turn some money to make it worth the hold. I think I will just let it ride. I don't sell often, but I like to read these stories and I'm trying to get a good grasp of options. It's very abstract (for me) and I want to understand what implications I make when performing actions
> I’m extremely fidgety. Sometimes to circumvent my fidgety nature I move saliva around in my mouth. Every now and then I accidentally let some loose and I spit on myself. Definitely embarrassing, but no one has noticed yet.... hopefully I can stop before someone does haha

How do I join your fund?
It’s cheaper in Iran tho. Around $5k and the government matches you up with someone, so they do the work for you.
Baba goes down 10% and now up 2% please fuck off and go up 30%
DD
[deleted]
I just want him to make the Area 51 data public before he leaves 😂😂
Until earnings then sell after the hype.
Might as well subscribe to Theta Gang’s OnlyFans
They missed
Strengthening my long term position in Rolls Royce over this week while it's still below 100p, up to 660 shares now.
we holding pltr or sell at open?
NIO BLASTING OFF GET IN
Um no. There are not 2 million per year.

https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2020/10/05/fewer-americans-have-filed-for-bankruptcy-in-2020-than-in-2019

https://www.fool.com/the-ascent/research/personal-bankruptcy-statistics/
Same day options?
I made a nice profit on Cineworld’s spike to £0.60 yesterday (bought puts at the top (actually sell CFD)). Capita wasn’t on my radar so ty.
Because they compete with BABA
Sell off will be legendary
Because they haven’t sold enough
No Motherfucker I have been gambling for tendies.  Bag hold your calls until chapter 11.  

Also ban.
Oh well. May2021 dumbass
Ban
[deleted]
Your wifes boyfriends weekly allowance isnt enough?
278
Same
😂😂
 Noticed that IRBT is trading with tech for some reason... when basically it’s an appliance company. Anyway, it looks oversold, ranked on vax news, and will likely make a bunch of money with new house sales and holiday shopping coming up. Got a few calls, for mid Nov. May roll to Dec.
Don't get my hopes up like that
Shhhh...TSLA getting lower IV and premiums while no one's looking. Primed for some nice manipilation.
Omg this market is so boring right now
Congrats theta gang.
Sell at open
What's up with the BRATS dolls on the header?
BABA setting up for a nice big fat run 💰
Do you have weeklies or something? Buy a call for January or later and just watch the tendies roll in...
I make one fucking meme like this a few weeks back and now everyone does it... it was deleted because my AUM is now <$500 #trendsetter
Up till earnings
Yeah we should laugh at those fuckers as they make all that money
Hadn’t had my coffee yet.
Good luck. I sold a $100 covered call a couple of weeks ago. fml
BABA target eod?
Good earnings and guidance
[deleted]
anyone playing KSS Earnings on 11/17 (PM)?
This information is contested.
What are we doing about PLTR?
Oh?
I doubt that he ever had genuine plans for a coup. The original headlines before the election were just from him saying something cocky about not losing. He'll just continue desperately trying to suppress votes until he's replaced by big ol joe
Tyty :) PLTR printing today
CHWY said fuck you WMT and your trash pet service 


Chewy Launches Compounded Medications For Pets, Says Plans To Offer It As A Service To Veterinarians In Future

11/12/20, 3:04 PM
November 12, 2020 09:04 AM ET (BZ Newswire) -- News

 Leading online pet pharmacy now offers customized, pharmaceutical-grade medicines

Chewy, Inc. ("Chewy") (NYSE:CHWY), the leader in pet e-commerce, announced today that it is expanding its Pharmacy (Rx) business to now offer compounded medications that are customized to the specific needs of pets.

The launch of compounding medications comes on the heels of Chewy's newly debuted "Connect With a Vet" telehealth service and advances the company's mission to be the most trusted
I've been in it since 2013 peaked eoy, reach previous high march 2017, ath peaked 2017 eoy ,, reach previous high march 2020, expected peak is 2021 eoy bro
True.  Hadn’t had my coffee yet.  I want to link the source but I can’t my browser to work on my phone with the spotty reception I have.
Take your boomer stocks elsewhere. This is China now
He said JPM will go down $2.  He said $110 today and its $112 currently.
Guess who’s making money retard
Thanks for the advice. Now I'll hold till after earnings.
Baba got me preordering my lambo
It did. You in a coma?
People so leveraged on ZM and NIO right now all it takes is a small move in the opposite direction to bankrupt some accounts
Wrong
Can you Venmo me instead
Thank you for the premium
Not even with its pandemic boost is it going to 50.

Update:  did not age well, calls aged perfectly tho.   Glad I didn’t make a betting comment.  Also holy shit you idiots pumped this to a ridiculous price.
Don’t worry I am sure those guys had the other side of the trade
I wish RKT could move into the EV market. I'd finally make some money.
Didn't Nio already announce record deliveries?
RKT has a positive article on CNN this morning.... down we go
*Don't Let Your Dreams Be Dreams*

**Yesterday, You said Tomorrow you'll buy NIO so JUST DO EEIT**
Lol they are retarded 😂😂 tried telling them rkt is a bad play lol
APHA/CGC checking in
Huge pump at open, bears get fucked
Post nut clarity is actually a thing
[deleted]
Good work!
Really? I don't want to be a BOBO.
Thank you brotha, good luck on the battlefield today. Hopefully a 5 pc chick-Fil-a tendies in your future.
[removed]
buying NIO 10p leaps
The China EV bros look beautiful - assuming XPEV came out blazing in earnings
Jesus Christ... That's Jason Bourne...
They have 10 years warranty on psus sir 😎
How did you fare bro? I hope you took cost and   choice tendies
Hold NIO 11/20 calls till when?!?!
Spy is negative so I’m making money
Dip -5% and end the day +2% 😂
REALLY?
EU follows the US, everyone follows us.
CNBC so mad they pumped boomer stocks all week only to come back to stay at home/tech.
They sold 8 units. Yes 8.
All the hot chicks are on CNBC. Deirdre Bosa wooo boy
This is the only right answer 😂😂
Why fight a trend?  Surely there are better places for puts?  ACB maybe?

Eventually NIO might crash but good luck timing it. Look at how many are waiting for the GME squeeze or dump. 

Just don’t fight it...
Craimer just said JPM is gonna go up.  NEVER have I felt better about my puts than I do right now!   XD
did chyna say somn good?
The world has changed in so little time.
AAL to go back to $8 where it belongs
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [**2021-02-10 14:12:43 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-10%2014:12:43%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc1nse5/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjssu2g%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020%2Fgc1nse5%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-10%2014%3A12%3A43%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jssu2g)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
DDOG is overvalued and has decelerating growth and competes against Cisco.
YaLl BeTtEr GeT iN oN tHaT nIo DiP
Did Cramer just say his wife is moving to Florida without him? LOL
Bought 30 shares @ 13.80 since I dont have much money. Thank god I left it alone lol.
Was the 16th highest mentioned stock yesterday with 115 comments.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_12_2020/gbz3ugj/
The new hotness is a Luckin Coffee cup on wheels
Too bad play has been suspended
Still waiting on my RSHCQ FDs to print :(
XPENG SMASHED EARNINGS, NIO TURN NEXT WEEK.
Meh
Why are you still playing a super sideways former meme stock? It's literally been in a range for 2 months my dude.
Anyone score an Arby's deep fried turkey head pillow?
₿uy bro 😎
baba is my god
Fuck you only positive vibes here ~
Right once this market gets back on track gonna go heavy on ARK
From what I heard on the news they are going with FedEx and UPS.
>Kamala is getting wiped, pretty embarrassed for the dnc imagine if they picked decent candidates. Nah we will pick one of the worst Vice Presidents in history and a lady who dated someone 30 years her senior and had part in an affair to advance their political career that threw a record amount of people in jail and that also can’t debate without nearly crying. Y’all threw the game gg

Get rekt. Can’t believe how wrong you were lol. 

This was glorious. Thanks for the laughs aha hahahah
It's tomorrow premarket isn't it
Analysts are useless. Bought and sold to write puff and hit pieces. Haven’t watched MSNBC in a decade but they’re probably still talking about oil futures
Propaganda haha
I got these and a few 120s for fun.  11/13.  Just a fun YOLO with some weed profits...
Not too l8 for the put train
Did you mean RKT? Buy calls?
Yeah, fuck China. I'm gonna take profits today and let Chinese Communist Party supporters lose their entire life's saving.
Riding $SPWR all the way to the top today
That’s the beauty of this, you can rock it anyway you choose brother.  Wishing you luck!
Murica sets the benchmark 😎
Going to give my 1 yr old my phone he’ll probably make better trades than I will
Wow. That’s a Alcatraz level prison tattoo right there.
So u think in 432 days he would go up like 25%?
Thank god! Its correcting
**Don't let your dreams be dreams.**
I don’t even know why I want a ps5. I haven’t played video games since quarantine
Lol at those bitching about NIO spam. 

If only we listened and bought into the boomer travel and cruise stocks that were being spammed on Monday. 👌
Keep it up! 9 years ago I went from 200 down to 150 by doing a proper diet and exercise and have kept it off. It takes a lifestyle change but it's well worth it!
[deleted]
PNUS is the ticker
Hopefully you're selling covereds like any normal TSM holder.
AMAT
I like my brother but not like THAT!
HD 11/20 280c
[deleted]
The reality is with this market you can try to use all of the conventional methods of tracking but it is way to volatile and way to risky. If you do 0dte spy calls expect a gamble. Don't buy them right at open either.
Remindme! 90 days
Omg it feels so good to be a chad bull instead of a gay bear
Wait about 2 weeks. They'll be plenty of em
do murican markets normally follow eu, or no correlation?
I only buy at market close and sell the next day at open.

Spy 365p was a great choice.
Love the next to no mentions of Tesla in these threads.
More like $60. I rode that shit back and forth in the $50s forever.
There is no point in buying them if they hit exactly $100 right? Like there is no gain then, but if NIO hits $101 each stock nets you a dollar right?
You cant post this question without promising a WSB etf as part of your company
[deleted]
anyone playing GoodRX bounce?
The FOMO is real and strong, to be sure.
Yea, by 11am lol
[deleted]
[removed]
With my shares I'm up 5k since April, so yes, that seems to be the correct move.
Looks like another “sector rotation” day
Dt
That's right CHWY, just a little boot and rally.
I'd be amazed if someone is still 🐢gang after the roller coaster from $50 to $20
Maybe I sell half, take the profit and rebuy the dip
Got in on this yesterday after reading this post! Nervous during this premarket! Still have my fingers crossed though 🤞🏼
incest in $COVID that bitch only goes up
Didn't even know dkng was reporting when I bought these FDs :(
Mods are jovial
Someone kept talking about NFLX, and my retard brain thought it was for the dumb Xtreme NFL league.
I'd own it if they did. About to turn over my whole account to Cathie Wood lol
[deleted]
True. I don't really have any advice for anyone too poor to avoid PDT. Well, maybe that you're putting twice as much ketchup needed on my double stack.
Nio is a scam investment just you wait
He won't ever start a coup.
How do u see it moving i to the weekend? I have $23 calls 11/20
I paid $210 for it and now it’s worth $3900
I don’t lol but I’m wondering why you think this
wtf does youtube have to do with apple
Time to watch the Masters and day trade. Gonna be a good day fellas
someone will post their loss tomorrow with a special thanks to sean1967
Gotcha, that’s what I figured. Def like sticking with ARK
Vyvanse is the best for GETTING SHIT DONE. Addy is for fun. Has to do with the blend of amphetamine enantiomers.
Thanks for your premium
This is the way
Profit isn’t a dirty word.  I made my money on NIO and looking to re-enter
Let there be a sell off or pull back today!
I think you don't realize how badly people are FOMO
i agree
Yup.

Well, unless is sells off massively.

Overpriced already.
If he makes it to 2021
you answered your own question
I did the math on peaks and bottoms

B I T C O I N. Will reach all time highs in 423 days (every 4 years)

Catalyst is stimulus bills and inflation

It will reach it's previous peak(solved by math) in March 2021.

Screenshot for accountability
NIO good?
Holy shit, almost 5m volume on NIO and still 20min til open

🚨MARKET ROTATION, THIS IS NOT A DRILL🚨
Will NIO pass 44.50 today we’ll find out
mods!
I second this. Please go parabolic GME
310
NIO MOONIN
Why is HYLN down 8%? They sold 8 powertrains this Q and are actually doing something ... unlike that NKLA company
Maybe we can finish a penny or two up today
Id buy in mid 30s. I am late to the party and would love to
Take the $6,000 bill and draw a 1 on it with a pen.
Knee-oh!!!
Okay NIO copy LI please
NIO & BABA
Literally happens every vaccine pump. Oh well moderna pump should be coming soon
Have untill March but thanks brother
[deleted]
Jogging even if it makes your tits bounce, and eating a ton of fiber.
You dont.
Orange man is a joke, let him throw his temper tantrums, if he keeps it up the National Guard will escort him out of the white house.
[deleted]
Hopefully not Fedex cause they broke the tv that they delivered to me.
THIS JUST IN: Jim is scared of elevators
Based on one hospital?
Its mixed in with clean energy like Tesla and some others things.

ICLN is long term share buying
Godspeed my young friend.  Your parents are nuts.
[deleted]
I just need one more win and I’m leaving moving to theta gang and just buying dividend stocks lol
The question is if his cult members give up on it or not.
ZM please zoom to 0 already

Gotta cash these spreads out
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah I’ll take the L
People must be watching reruns of Mad Money
There are 2 million personal bankruptcies a year. A couple zeroes on $200 is $20,000. Their eyes do not perk up at $20k. Especially when it's going to cost them several thousand to just look it over and send someone to court, all for money they might not get paid back anyways.
Probably sticking in the $44-$45 range.
100% chance of going up OR down today. Take the info and run with it.
Bro who you telling. I shouldnt have ignored it when it was pretty much freebies
it'll be 20K by Jan at this rate tbh
I’m buying puts on NIO
Gone by february
Wait a goddam minute. RKT is already a 42 billion dollar company? Why are you guys even looking at this shit, everything has been priced in by now.
you’ll be back coward
Almost guaranteed not.

I'm ready though! Lol.
MATRIX 4 CONFIRMED, CALLS ON NIO
In the U.S how tf do I get the new ps5 and call of duty? Just pull up to Best Buy/Walmart?
Lol what a ridiculous week. Covid is dead rotate out of pandemic stocks!!! 

Lockdown! Lockdown! Buy covid stocks!!
mjna ?
This is fun. Perhaps I’ll have to lose money on this game.
Lord Bezos. 🚀
Nice job.

Why Nio?

Is it just because it's a hot stock? Or is there something really there?

I keep getting Luckin vibes from it.
Kodak
as nice as it’d be, i don’t think anyone expects it to be this week, much more likely to be next month after earnings if anything
I BELIEVE
Tech is carrying SPY also... unless value shit gets hyped 20% like recently

If QQQ fails, the whole market will, too
Nice play 17c?
Ouch
TESLA BETTER CATCH UP WITH THE REST OF THESE ASSHOLES WTF
Gameboy Mayor

Love that band
Like what? Are you fucking serious? You are going to seek HF startup information from this sub? ... let alone Reddit? You are a clown
The Ox thing was an exaggeration, I think they're fine with any abstractions that they actually understand intuitively and see the point of, but anything more advanced is anathema. 

They even think that lending money is fine as long as there is no interest because they don't understand what an incentive is for.
Yeah but they’re probably knock-off kidneys.
It's got a market cap larger than Verizon and Coca Cola but they've only sold like 20,000 cars
ACB checking in
Did you not see it drop 13% in one morning earlier this week.
what do you mean by what if? theyre most definitely cock aficionados
Bought the M1 Apple MacBook calls on Apple
45
I shouldn't have spent it all on drugs when it was like $100.
My prediction for zoom today is red. We’ll see how it goes.
Is it too late to ride the Moderna train? 🥺
Reading the responses tells me maybe yesterday was just my day to make some $$$.  And of course today and tomorrow will probably be my day to lose some $$$.

In any event, it’s pretty hard to get fired from my job.  So I guess that’s not a good plan.
Who got money that orange man will jeopardize national security by not giving up on his coup?
I’m up 70% on my shares... time to sell?
Please tell me you didn't fomo into DIS after it shot up to ATH.
Cause I'm just waiting

Waiting

Waiting on GME to squeeze
This meme has been Pfizer for the last 30 years.  All they do is buy other people's IP/drugs and market it.
What's your position?

132% beat is a lot higher than the previous, especially when it went from negative to positive
It'll be on the way up again by Monday.
ZM go up baby, daddy needs this
I've got 50c 2/21 Should I still sell before earnings or hold? I literally have no idea what I'm doing.
_Trevor Milton has entered the chat_
Exactly. I loaded up when it was $18 a share and my calls. It literally can’t go tits up unless their power supplies start exploding......
Dunno why you're being clowned, selling puts on CRSR netted me a couple thousand this month, 11/20 $25p. Gonna sell some Feb $30p next, they just had a blowout quarter, and next quarter is holiday season. Volatility is also clutch on CRSR for selling options.

Edit: but yeah your post is kinda shit, positions or ban.
Not a chance. Lowest it goes is mid 30’s and that’s the absolute worst case scenario
Looking killer PM boyo good work!!
Doesn’t being g** mean happy? Like the Flintstones theme song: we’ll have a g** old time. Etc?
I'm fairly sure that I am going to regret waiting for a correction. But I just invested majorly (for my finances) in other stocks and I don't want to spend anything that seems stupid to me as of right now. 

I am taking the risk, but as soon as a payday comes, I'm going in.
Which is better than bleeding money. They and cinemark is who I hold. CW is global as well.

edit spelling
[removed]
Same. They arent even making much money off this shit anyways. It'll be a marginal bump in earnings and short lived too.

MV jumped by more than the undiscounted future revenue from the vaccine. Bit of a joke.
TSLA go up today ?
Lmao FB going up as SPY dies a valiant death 

Perfectly balanced.. as all things should be
Oh shit rkt up 10 cents premarket
I said in the daily thread DAL puts were free money. Up 100% in a day
NIO Is the ONE
What stops DOW from being 100,000? Nothing. Bull market
[deleted]
[deleted]
My 125puts are gaining traction
330p 12/31 perhaps
Hey Retard. That's not your token. You come right back into this sub and get your ass broke by the market. This isn't gambling it's InVeStInG.
deposit 10k
On my profile. Probably too late to make a play though
anyone looking at DKS? Always seems to surprise
Zm 510c might be a decent bet
PTON gonna do the same shit as the past two days
Was going to tell you take that 5K over to /r/smallstreetbets, then you made me come.
Weedstocks will go brrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Knockoff Chinese Tesla = name of my sex tape
Hydrogen Lithium Ion.
Stonk market
50
GOLD!!!!!!!
Is DDOG a Covid stock ?
Big mask doesn't want to see us be free.
Rude
Kangaroo trap
[deleted]
Ppl gonna be awfully butthurt around here when NIO touches the 20s next week.
Where the good DD
McKesson.
Welp, we knew it would be a long haul... strap in.
well I hope you get your Nintendo. Walmart says it's selling more today at noon
Good call. It’s so obvious
[deleted]
The first step to understanding is admitting you don’t understand it. Congrats!
Ark has solar etf?
Need a play for the day. Been following a hot streak of other redditors and haven’t lost yet. Anyone have any solid plays?
What’s wrong with being g**? Some of my best boyfriends were g**
so calls?
Not so much a prediction as it is an indicator.  Usually, dollar goes down, equities go up, but the fact that Gold is going up, means wealth is moving back to it's "safe haven" because they know equities and the Dollar are both gonna be fuk until covid stimulus relief is passed.

At least that's my 2 cents.  Was wrong all last week when the Election turned my asshole inside out, could be wrong about this too, who knows...
A sharp NIO pullback would be a bloodbath around here
Mods like to have sexual intercourse with other males
Corona really didnt go away after the election lol
A good fap can relieve stress.
Lots of hate due to their bricking printers with updates to force ink subscription
What price will NIO hit today?
Throwing $500 more in then I’m done
I'm new here, what are tendies
How were the earnings?
China EV bois

🇨🇳 🚙 

🍆 💦
Fuck all the haters, NIO TO THE MOON. UNITE ALL MY NIO BOYS
[deleted]
how to turn 6k into 16k
Cmon AMD. Go up.
[deleted]
swinging back to tech. tech futes in green
PS5
Don’t let future you be mad at past you for not getting baba on the dip
Do you feel lucky? Do puts on Capita or Cineworld- they are basically penny stocks at the moment which got pumped due to vaccine news but cineworld will remain closed until December 2021 so yeah
The selloff has begun. Good luck all
Skyline
Classic [Bear|Bull] trap at open
Don't buy calls on ICLN unless it's deep in the money. It doesn't move like QQQ.

If you want solar ETFs calls, stick with ark or tan
CoViD’s back on the menu boys
Chyna
Tender is our word, but you can say tenda
I hate how I get different prices from different brokers. It’s like that adage about having multiple watches
Lmfao funny how calling someone gay gets you a ban. What if they’re actually gay, like the mods? How is that offensive?
screenshots or stfu
They probably had 35 day bans like me
[deleted]
[deleted]
That sounds like it's for people that wear copper bracelets because it removes negative ions from their body or some other dumb shit
I’m same shit with plug at $4 in feb
PRPL 25P 11/20
why is jd mooning so hard?
Well my DIS bags aren't looking good
He could type out "military coup in 15 mins"
The military
Switch
sounds like an enterprise wide issue that is being enforced 😢
Yep I tell myself never again then 2 days my whole portfolio is on the line. Gambling at its finest
I bought both plus NIO
Mods are god??
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ecorbett79 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You’ll see soon
How to get downvotes-mention nio tanking to piss off call holders
I gonna go for it, appreciate it bro 💪🏾
Why do bananas still have that nasty black tip? Genetically engineer that shit out already
Should of done that when it was 3-5k....
Lotta smoke on that one
That looks like one of those foreign Isuzu’s that get pulled by horses
It’s not shit you boomer. If you are on the market of building a new PC cause you want your child to love you-you buy corsair shit. You want most reliable psu-you get corsair, brightest rgb fans-corsair, rgb cpu liquid cooler-corsair, rgb ram-corsair, fuck me even their cases are beautiful. They have fucking rgb sticks, rgb headphones, rgb keyboards, mices and a fucking office chair. What if your kiddo want to be a YouTube or onlyfans star? There you go: fucking elgato for that sounds effects or screen capture or microphone. This company has so much impact on pc bubble that Logitech with their boring office essentials doesn’t even try to compete on hardware level
Stay At Home Stocks back in play!
You act like we’re loyal to the company, we like money bitch
Who has the rights to skyrim?
Why are futes crashing bros
Turtles? Mitch?
Why isn’t AMD over $200 yet?!?
We've been saying it all week
That's the problem here. You make 20 bucks but lose 20 years of your life
Except when it trades flat after a blowoff top
Is this a prediction? Dollar index seems about the same since the vax news
🐢 gang in brambles yet again
Is this a quote from rainman
QQQ gamma is negative afaik

Actually I don't know shit but I'm honest with you 🤭
[deleted]
You can see the moment OP starts fucking with weeklies lol
It may have been a 4 bagger to buy QQQ puts on Monday, but today serves as proof that 90% of the time QQQ puts are literal trash. Couldnt convince me to buy them ever
I'm going TSLA instead of NIO for some reason
What? Travel, retail, industrial are still up 10-15%
Spy 300 please thanks
😳 YOU HATE THAT EMOJI?! 😳
Keep it up CNBC talk more about cases/lockdowns
Don't worry! We still have tomorrow to disappoint us too!
Yep, anytime BA is over 175 it should be shorted to hell
I don’t know how to be sarcastic. I don’t know how to be funny. I don’t know how to work people. I just know how to read numbers.
Call an ambulance! CALL AN AMBULANCE! For spy
Im buying Palantir calls
Stonks.
Fuck you guys

I'm going to b I t c o I n
Down 45% on this
Im sorry to hear that family. I hope you see an exit soon in the next month or so.
I haven’t seen my WSB friends write in here in awhile, hope they’re making gains
Heard it Monday but who cares as long as it mooooooons
Never was, never will be... if that day comes in the near future I’ll buy a truck load of it
Johnson and Johnson
Today feels slightly bloody
PAAAAAAMP IT
Puts on poor people in california (California redditors)
BABA is safe haven

😍
[removed]
Well I bought puts yesterday 🤡
ICLN babyy
Are you me? I just need AMZN to have a second +$100 day and I can break even 😂
Morning, boys. What are we REEEEEing about today?
I helped a friend move Tuesday. Ended up down 40% not looking at RH. This tells me fuck my friends look at RH more.
Puts on airlines was so obvious yet I never do it
what strikes you looking into?
Honestly.

If this is the best red day bears can muster on covid news, then this is the start of a new multi year bull run.
iz noice!!!
You're weird
You live in Oregon dont you
CVS
Do we know when yet?
HP can’t gain any ground and not sure I understand why with 3d printing etc
When will Roblox go public ?
But I thought BULL GAWD = SUMMONED??

Was it all a lie?
Anyone else playing FPRX today.
Hit a couple of ten baggers and get both
Cut the shit
I wonder what it's like to have $30k.  What'd they be worth now if he had diamond hands?
Smite if you must, but you shall turn into dust (bowls)
Yea bro I wish I could get out lol bought 8 call options in early September lol hopefully I can get out but I’m at negative 2.5k
[deleted]
Bears don't worry, you'll see green in your portfolios someday...   


You know what might make it hurt less? How about some more puts? What would you like? SPY 300? GOOGL 1500? I'll give you whatever your heart desires, I'm just that kind of guy.
Buying shit has become such a chore like concert tickets. It's bullshit mang.
Clearly not
Ps5 cause I already got a pc
legacy customers gonna die out
You're in luck.

Robinhood is rolling that out in December.

Anything under $1 billion in assets is free.
Puts on Target for messing up my ps5 preorder. Added to cart, paid holding fee, went to order and the site hung and threw it out of my cart - sold out
Day trade? You already know 80% of this sub has been PDT marked lol
ICLN is strictly shares holding. Long term stuff
PC
I think we all agree that its for both
It goes up
Lol, I'm old too. New lockdown coming and more kids stuck home pouring money into Robinhood. Stocks only go up!
No I definitely heard it 809 other times throughout this entire week first
There goes the Dollar, Gold Gang, where you at???
ZM....📈🗣
Honestly wish NIO would burn to the ground so all the fan boys would STFU about it... Thumbs up if YOU agree
Ahhh yes, true autism
**9AM LETS HAVE A GREAT DAY EVERYONE**
I normally like to use a simple 😑 for a disappointing surprise and then a 🙌 for a regular nice surprise.
Still waiting on that one dude to award this thread a snek
Is 9 am on CNBC just the political shit?
I am.  Have been since 42.
amazon is 25 pe
For those not awake earlier heres my warning

Reddit admins are doing 3 day bans for saying mods are g** because apparently thats hateful content lol little do they know mods are actually g**
Come hither so that I might smite thee.
[deleted]
I had a day off yesterday to collect free food and not to worry about the stock market
He's powerless now
Some of the most successful RH accounts are the ones that were forgotten about.
hard to buy high sell low without a job
[deleted]
PS5 unfortunately
Probably because he was up $30,000
🚀
I’m gonna need AAL to go ahead and tank some more so I can buy it and hold.

Stonks.
Man thats crazy, I remember a time where the [leek spin](https://youtu.be/1wnE4vF9CQ4) was THE meme of the time. It’s really interesting to see how people try to search for ancient memes through contemporary memes
Maybe enclose your comment in the sarcasm tags?
This. 

LFG.

Bigly today

then flat fridays 

11/13 465 C
I sold Amazon lower, but with covid sylvester stalloning I hope it dips a bit to get back in.
Intuition

Edit damn I fucking fell for it
No

What the fuk are you talking about?

🥴🥴

Animal Farm is a popular anti-communist anti-authoritarian 'fairytale' by George Orwell

The quote is pretty popular and widely used by well-read government-critical people
Yes the governor is trying to pass that law cuz he’s a retard
Lol keep waiting
This has to be satire. There’s no way anyone here has had 10 straight years of gains. We only lose money
Link? Edit - dude that news is from 9/29
Day trade and don't hold over night. You'll sleep better
🤚 but NEE isn’t as popular here
The panic selling at open is going to be glorious
Triple tops can lead to breakouts, too
No no no it’s set all fires on gasoline with cars
PS5 or XBox?
Patience young padawan
Don’t sell then it won’t drop below that imo....I bought in at $13 so gonna sell and re-enter
😘
Keeping 1 call as a lotto
[deleted]
I hate watching PM fades
jesus we r selling...FUCK
If I was you I want to be me too.
Good morning to everyone except NIO holders 🥰
Why i have inflation resistant bonds in my 401 but this is WSB we don’t care about that shit
It only goes up
Uh huuuuh
if u don't end your sentence with /s then how the fuck am I supposed to know /s
CCL probably a good bet. they popped on the vaccine and then offered another 1.5B worth of shares and some cruise in the carribean someone got covid
[deleted]
I mean are aapl calls even worth it anymore. I got lucky and sold my leaps before the major IV crush a month or so ago. I just checked the price again and it looks like the value of calls dropped even more even though the stock price itself is higher than before.
Great. I'll buy puts after it does
That would contribute to carbon emissions. They instead will "release them into the universe"
I did. I’ll let this COVID on covid off pass before buying 100 PE companies
nice
BULL MARKET
Keep up the good work
Get in zoom again boys before shutdowns
I don't know if I like you or /u/DeepFuckingValue more... Best of luck you autistic spazzes. 🍻
That sounds horrible.
SPY sideways would mean that it didn’t break out from 260-280 range. We just hit 360
Dear amazon, please pump $100 today. 
Love, retard who bought bad debit spreads.
That’s funny cause the bull trap yesterday was pretty cute too
Mango isn’t saying anything to tank the markets for last 7 - 8 days .
Same boring tweets every day ..

Crap
NIO 45 EOD. Bears in shambles
Flat as far as Im concerned
Every vaccine announcement will cause it to nose dive. There are at least 5 more
AXIM  announced today that it has filed a provisional patent for a first-in-class face mask that captures and deactivates SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus responsible for the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic"
10/6
What was the point of this reply?
Going all in the ROBLOX ipo
Epstein, where ya at?
This reminds me of the mad libs scene with Andy and Angela on The Office.
What a good simple option price tracker for mobile
Let’s all warm up our buttholes just in case
They're are going to forcibly round them up, prying them from their grieving owners' clutches, and send them to the smelters.
After earnings
Peloton
No no no it's set all cars with gasoline on fire
NIO to 50 EOW 

Heard it here first boys
Tim wake your ass up and tweet something like Elon does
JPow get's more irrelevant each time he talks, wouldn't even put any merit into anything he has to say tbh.
$DUA $LIPA
all these posts make me glad i went to community college and paid cash for all my classes working a night job. glad i avoided this student loan mess completely.
The inability to detect sarcasm is a sign of autism
DGLY. Buy some or you are gae
Preach
Did you use that exact quote over in /r/chiraqology?
I just realized how much I hate the 😳emoji. There are better ways to express shock and surprise.
[removed]
What was the point of this post?
Why'd you sell so low?
[deleted]
If pornhub was public, I would go all in like a teenage boy who just found hentai for the first time.
245? Anything pretty close to the money should be good. Maybe even just 240
Looking for some safe calls? Don’t want to check your phone every second? April calls on ICLN.
Such a tiny cute little bear cub trap.
Proof
What's with all the NIO spam?  I'm even seeing SPY comments get downvoted.  You guys can take your NIO koolAIDS and fuck off.
Duo Lips ahhh
Top is in
Are you retired daddy?
It’s Farfetch. ER today post-mkt
It's the autism.
All of em ALL IN
In 2h45min
I’ll just hate myself if it hangs on and doesn’t drop that much, I got in at $10
Hmm, that's a difficult one. May just have to buy and sell stocks near the typical support/resistance levels.
If I read this right California is going to set all cars on fire with gasoline by 2035?
May just sell AMZN 3150 level at open. Just want peace of mind
So edgy
Dude, I just got cooked on some weeklies. Not worried about month away theta for a few days. If it dumps it will be in the next couple weeks.
Dang Donny your tax cut pumps are huge!
“Virus worries hit stocks” 

bruh this shit is barely red.
Are those stock tickers?
I'd like to dua her lipas.
Glad I don't live somewhere  that you have to wear huge stupid ass coats.
lol I thought I saw that before too. Classic
Jokes on you I work from home
Triple top is scaring me 🥺
GameStop please be the day
Strong iPhone 12 demands, new mac has the interest of many. So we puts all day!
hey man - don't argue with my Chinese mother!
HAS long. An entire generation of 80s kids have been teaching their children D&D the last six months and HAS is developing a live action series (to sell toys). Plus MtG mobile out early next year.
Watch some videos, read articles
Genius. Throw off their algorithms by being a complete retard. It's foool proof
I bought shares when they IPO’d and bought 35C for 12/18. Sorry you wife’s boyfriend didn’t let you play with options this week
NIO about to stiff arm that $44 resistance like Derrick Henry did to Josh Norman.
Sure. I like everything else, except the revenue miss --- Q2 to Q3 is actually flat, implying Movantik is declining slightly. 

There are a number of positives: 

1. Margin increased significantly, so they beat eps. 

2. Their new medicine, Talicia increase 300% QoQ (though they didn't really break down the number here).

3. Their Covid study is finally almost done. US study (>90%) should really conclude this month. Their global study is about 50% enrolled, thus the first independent meeting should be happenining this month (at 100 patients). The global study is statistically powered, so if the medicine is significant, the study may conclude at first meeting without further enrollment.
They have never posted a profit, that trend will continue. That being said, guidance might save it.
This is almost identical to my day off yesterday.....except you made money.
Mortgages not getting paid.
I don’t think you understand. Using life insurance is not a good approximation because the death benefit varies by policy and can be any number you want if you can afford the premium 

See my other comment in this thread about another way to calculate a number
I’m gonna sell, then jump back in a week or two
Dua lipa
ZM uppies?
I know but fact is we’re screwed this winter... better cash on it then cry
Yup going to be worth double by December
Brr hasn't caused much inflation because the money is very low velocity and mostly tied up in institutions
Yo good shit bro seriously, keep that shit up 💪
I’m feeling really fucking good about today.
    
HAVE A GREAT DAY YOU FUCKS
What's funny is the problem with the financial crisis is that boomers lost so much they couldn't retire, so they jammed up the workforce for another decade so younger people couldn't get those jobs they normally would have from retirements.
[deleted]
He sticks around until at least 2022
[deleted]
Yea they need some time to heal their wounds after that crazy pump and dump (due to selling stock and paying off debts) but long term probably a steady climber
People are rich and doing very well
Sincerely that’s great DD 😂
DOW: The cheating sloot mother
CHADSDAQ: The no-bullshit DGAF faja.

SPY: The innocent little girl forced to pick between living with her mother or her father.
It’s hard to on the Internet
Or or just hear me out.. open slavery back up for people of every color and sex. That’s real equality. If you’re a poor bitch you are now a slave and the rich can buy and sell you like a tool. Just don’t make it only black people because that’s racist and fucked up
Whoopie shit.
Do we think Jpow will get another term or is he going to get replaced
Hold PLTR shares?
real talk for a retard
Will Tim Apple finesse today ?.. all this on more next time on autist of WSB
I got you fam.
Damn, from his post history he seems very young. That's going to be a shitty lesson to learn.
Good bot
Team $2 rocking my 3C 1/15/21
Bulls r fuk
What are some good earnings plays for the next couple weeks?  Not necessarily to hold through but to get in on the run-up and sell the day before
JAIL
Damn a lot of u retards don’t recognize sarcasm
You guys work?
more than priced in
I

V
[deleted]
Lockdown talks going well
Direct to consumer mortgages is nothing new. They do have a lot of overhead as well. Their Branding and advertising is one of the highest in the nation. I’m not just talking about rocket mortgage but quicken loans as well. Look at all their direct to consumer websites they get their leads from like LendingTree, bank rate etc. They’re some of the worst rated companies and have some of the highest origination fees in the industry. The brand recognition is the only thing going for them imo, I would never get financing through them though .
[deleted]
This is an absolutely terrible idea, and I’m not even white.
That’s fucked but true
Lol. That's nonsense.
spy is down overnight...
Find me another one with better numbers.
You won’t be a big fat titted man if you keep this up
You have to dig deeper when it comes to CPI. Everything in the index has risen 3-6% yoy except for gas prices which fell 18% and are keeping the whole thing suppressed
AMZN has retard strength. Pretty sure investors have up to a minor genocide priced in already.
I heard it was $420.69%
Buying price is under 35 for sure
Nice edits ya clown 😂
Yesterday I had the day off work. I spent it doing several projects that I have been wanting to tackle for weeks. I checked my RH account only a handful of times.  It was one of the best days mentally for me in a while. And, at the end of the day, I was up 30%. 

Looking back at the days charts there were several points where my impatience would have caused me to make a move or change a position which would have inevitably resulted in a loss. 

This tells me I need to get fired from my job so that I can just do projects all day and ignore my RH account as it goes to the moon.
Makes sense. China is super coal rich. It's probably cheaper in the long run to do electric via coal than to buy oil.
What strike on the 1dte’s will print?
Love you too
This is the day I unload my tech shares I bought in April at 75%. Go onto cash. Perhaps even buy late december SPY puts and go full Ackman.
NIO AGAIN
It was a sign and you blew it. Congrats, retard.
Dang ____ your _____ are huge!
oh lol
March 21 Calls
These are soft deadlines just so you know
Yes lmao unless you want 20% gains for huge risk
Lol sure she is. Reformed into a new way to hustle selfish interests
Can't get enough consoles into the US due to container ship premiums
ZM 11/13 465.5 C
Then buy puts. If you’re right good for you. 

If you’re not then sucks for you.
It’s sideways since 2018
It’ll dip at open
Thank god I got gld calls
[deleted]
Dude edited his shit WOW
what would you say is the NIO of exercises?
Shit was a dollar a month ago.  Shakes me to my core... what’re your positions tho
[deleted]
Same, loving these CRSR gains and looking forward to many more years to come lol
I worked with Mindgeek (owner of most porn tube hubs) over their GDPR policies and it one of the most professional entity I had the chance to work with. Solid stuff.
Planning to take some profits at open
[removed]
too late to get in on NIO ?
How my AAPL calls looking?
Totally lost is 70%
Datadog you little slut don’t fail me now
"J POW is a butterface"
That FSLY sell off was the perfect storm of a bunch of bad shit happening at once. Way overdone too.
I’ve narrowed my plays down to these genius maneuvers 

Buy the Nio dip

Buy ptlr and hold till eod 

Buy dkng dip

Buy moderna even though i told myself i shoulda bought it at 3:40 last night while it dipped

Or give good ol tsla a shot again
God speed.
Just saying Rumours Said NlO BEAT EARNINGS BY 497%
YOU’RE WELCOME :)
Will BABA hold 270 for more than 15 minutes, let's find out.

Lmao nope
🚀 🚀 🚀
[deleted]
Watch watch NIO calls print and the puts I sold expire worthless
Well done sir
Ban
Yesterday: I'm not fucking selling

Today: Maybe a little
You clearly belong here 🥰
Nio onl
Just waiting on BLUE, BIIB, and AUPH to go up further and for CATM to come back up.
Interested chart setup looks like DDOG was yesterday
There's not going to be anymore JPOW for a while. They're going to let unemployment rise for at least a few months.
And Europe is down because of Cramer.

It's all connected.

His shouting buttons are more powerful than any government official not named JPOW.
Idgaf i can make that on options i bet you tampon boys didn't load up on any and just bought shares
Cool, my two years of German really paid off. I was able to understand almost 3 words!
And inheritances in boomer stocks will be sold and YOLO'd into the Fed-pumped tech giants. Puts on GM, calls on Apple and TSLA.
KEEP IT UP! GOOD JOB!!!!
Man you really are a retard aren’t you? You are only looking at that one solo spread that was from awhile ago 😂
Got in at IPO $ .. stock gonna keep moonin
Does the market care about CPI?  I feel like all the movement this year was attributed to brrr, and yet nobody cares about the main inflation indicator we have.  🤷🏻‍♂️
Hey I like the design of the new JPow notes
U iz fuk
* checks current price, pulls out TI-82 scientific calculator for math * ... yep!
I’m betting on a pump and dump. Not sure how it shot up $25 pre-market but fuck it, i’ma risk 54 mcchickens.
Who else wakes up early af over the anxiety of the positions you bought the night before ?
Hell yea keep goin
how bruv
I’m horny why aren’t you into NIO
I still have yet to master selling options.  I'm a little afraid of it.
Betting against meme stocks can go very well, or very bad.
Sit on your ass
What if you stare at it all day making no plays but just soaking up the negative vibes from the red lines
45 was the ceiling for AMD until it rocketed to 80
Nice job man
True, this is if they aren't a dumpster fire. Hence I said "good".
Can zoom please just go down one more time
I hope so. Got badly burnt playing weeklies but kinda timed the top with my December puts play if we see 330 at anywhere during November, I will sell.
Why would I read animal farm I have animals at home
BA puts
that theta burn though
Call out sick
CRSR
In all seriousness, this is awesome! Congrats!
If you really like to hustle for like $100.
Zoom at open boys it’s gonna run like $30 up
Congrats man! That’s fucking awesome!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yup
If the pro-Biden political bots are still around, say something negative about him.
Yes
Yes I remember feeling this way with Tesla many times.
The number 1 guy is holding GME. All we needed to know.
Good shit
Can't wait to gamble all day then play assassin's creed after work
15 lbs is 6.81 kg
That’s what he said
If the market is down 3% EOD, I expect a livestream of you eating shit.
In an earlier era you'd have been executed for your treasonous crime. Hope you're enjoying those puts I sold you.
More!!!!!
So like IWM?
Same!
aint that high asf man?
honestly seems like a lot of work. I never really understood reselling that kind of shit, when I can just gamble on options and not move my fat ass.
Can't tell if sarcasm, but the market is down pre-market because Europe is down. Futures generally follow open markets.
I really want to. Do we think they crush it? Or do they blow it and drop 18% AH
Don't forget Hawaiian pizza
Equality is a fucking lie you fucking fuck retard

Equality is against human nature and science

'All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others'

Go and read some animal farm you tard 🥴🥴🥴
I’m a big fat titted man but I’ve lost 15 lbs in 3 months with diet and exercise. Calls on my self-esteem.

Edit: holy shit thank you all so much for the words of encouragement. I love you beautiful autistic people. NIO TO THE FUCKING MOON🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The industry is looking good long term 👌
Dems are mad
That’s why you buy stonks for the run up
What to buy at open? Thinking SNOW might rip today
Meanwhile I had to pay straight cash to not have one
I didn’t notice that until it was too late I took it off the list
That the pocket pussy is the closest you’ll get to a girlfriend?
Who’s making money today what’s the move
[deleted]
I got this email yesterday and at first thought it was a phishing email bc it was so strange. All urls and emails seemed legit though, so i ordered my free socks lol. Random, but kinda funny/cool
Good luck. They out of stock everywhere
I was looking at 12/18 but yeah.
She got her arms blown off in 'nam.
Easy, "BeArISh oN NiO."
What is everyone’s favorite market short ticker? I don’t want to buy spy puts because it’s too heavily weighted on tech which will do better the worse covid gets.
Fine by me if they legalize weed and get the SAFE Act passed!
I feel like 3 weeks certainly. Shit will hit the fan, it always does
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Mars retrograde ends tomorrow and Gold has indeed dropped during that phase

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsuajh
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsuajh) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/thedowcast, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
Schlongus69
Just say “up vote me”
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
tell people you want to buy shares.
Thanks
When is he talking?
A PP has a set price while a GF only goes up in cost.
Going to sell some PLTR covered calls on my shares at open.  These premiums are too good to pass up.
I have 5 30 Nio puts how fucked am I!???
Same thing was said at 25...30...35...40
Next 5 bagger that’s not NIO?
Lol pretty sure this console bullshit is a lack of supply
Stonks go up
Just the internet and applying it to things like this
RKT to 21.2 today
How dare he make money!! Seriously get off this sub if you think this is a problem. You're a hypocrite and you don't deserve money.
Lol good luck with all them bots
It’s going to $16.5 around open and if earnings are solid I can realistically see $18 tomorrow
Think its worth scooping a PS5 to resell it?
It’s sooner than that I thought?
Looking at the top line numbers the valuation seems reasonable. Might be a little undervalued, but they do have debt.

What is the forecasted growrh for their business over the next year or so?

What happens to their sales and profitability if the economy opens back up?

My concern would be whether you can anniversary their performance over the last several quarters going forward.
Say something against NIO or post dick pics
how did baba do in hang seng and nikkei today? they recover?
XPEV mighta still smashed earnings but those calls getting crushed still
F
Can your mom hold me?
Good day, genius lunatics. Today is it. The day of my greatest loss, unless BABA rallies up 15 per share. But screw it. If I made up my account going down 60% before I can do it again. 

That said, I’m looking at the SPY chart for 180 days. It’s just recently hit All Time Highs ... with the current economic issues, unemployment, housing skyrocketing in price, evictions looming.  Oh and that’s right, Rona gonna wreck in the next couple weeks and the sitting US President is refusing to acknowledge a transition. 

So - Serious question: what is justification for valuation of SPY at present, when all metrics are bad? Just printer go brrrr? Forward thinking to February? Or hopes that blue controls all so huge Stim incoming?
Nio bad
Absolutely. Can’t even go to sleep without seeing him!
By when ? Like in next 2 weeks ?
Any NEE people?
FALSE.
Comment anything against NIO seems to do it.
[removed]
Pretty much. What else can he do?
[deleted]
Well guess you might like to wait and buy it at 60
Baba let’s hit 275 today
[deleted]
It is impossible to get a ps5 anywhere due to demand. My SNE calls are going to do well
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Meeeesta don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
its pretty common for people to do this with business. get a loan from investors to start the business and run it, run the business into the ground and pocket the investing money, dissolve the business so they cant sue you, and move on to do it again with another company and more dumb investors money in another location. happens more than you'd think.
[deleted]
His trolling it’s the opposite bro. They want to ban gasoline fueled cars by 2030..
Shit talk Nio
If that happens your mom won’t be happy
My spy puts are wrecked. Can’t believe this pos market is still up and about with all that’s going on. Fuck this bullshit
I'm short selling
member when SPY hit $220. simpler times.
I wear mines at all times..
Wdym? She was just on Fox spewin her typical shit
Debit spread good fucking gravy I’m an idiot sorry
Sucks you didn’t make 100% return in a month. I would hate for you to miss out on that again
Do you smooth brains know that even if we spam about NIO all day...you DONT have to buy it???

😳🕶🤏
TTD P/E is 255 

All IN
But with so many dying from covid, there will be so many of their jobs for everyone who survives!
Always tech calls. It's called CHADSDAQ for a reason.
330
If you told me the market would be at this level 6 months ago, I would have said likewise.
Predictions on what jpow says today? My guess is we need more stimulus and we’re using our tools but we still have plenty left
Jks
LEAPS.
All publicly traded companies are required to report financial statements under GAAP, which requires an accrual basis not cash.
Like always buy the NIO Dip, before its metoric rise at 12-1pm
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just be conservative play it for the long game.
China released draft regulations that are not good for BABAs model and stopped the Ant Group IPO. The sell off was not about earnings.
Such effort, much internet points
Yes I know what you mean. However, I really like their business and will hold them. This is one of those stocks that could potentially 10x once a specific point has been crossed
A Fleshlight doesn't nag and bitch all day 😎

Your the active part anyways 👻
[deleted]
ah AI embedded Pocket pussy
Source?
your father and I are proud of you
Next war we'll be toting bongs and dildos
Yes that's what I learned from john king on his electoral map
I am very autistic and I played a lot of roblox 1000c 1/2021
Please excuse my combined autistic retardation but can someone please explain what this set of data means ?  Is it 100 Calls of Nio expiring 1/15/21 ?
How
Walmart today at 12, 3, and 6
A bank account. If youre not gettin tendies with those titties you're not doing it right.
??? With Logitech being their competition.... Corsair sells PSU’s along with M+K..... Corsair will be almost $50 a share by Christmas with Black Friday coming. Corsair is the pinnacle of Pc gaming which is becoming bigger and bigger by the day.


Tl;dr. I got 35C  12/18, and they’ve been printing
One will destroy your self esteem
Yeah i saw! nice bro
Yes buy more buy more bullish tech
I'm also up $150k this year, good stuff
[deleted]
Hold my ITM non-FD QQQ calls or sell at open?
Holding puts which expire on 31st December

What should I aim for ? 340/330/320 ?
Once again, a massive portion of the debt is presented as an asset. The remaining net amount is true debt. My apologies I didn’t have GM’s balance sheet present in my head. I’m glad you were able to read the Motley Fool article to create your comment though, usually retards can’t read.
China banning gasoline cars in 2030 apparently.
I want to get in on NIO for the earnings run-up and sell next week but I'm just not sure how much more run it has left...44-45 seems to be the ceiling right now
It's an overview. You click the expand button and it gives you a detailed chart and TA options. TOS is much better, but this was the platform I used to buy these stocks.
Indigestion.
This guy speaks as if he doesn’t sell the second the market opens.
You gotta read the filings on investor.purple
This is literally TA. The lines cross, market does [thing]
No - it isn’t close to $9.1m. It’s more like $1.2m for a man with a Bachelors degree if you use a discounted cash flow approach. But it varies significantly based on your assumptions.

Back-up:
In the US a male with a Bachelors Degree average personal income was $62k based on the BLS (in 2017). Let’s assume a person earns that every year plus a 2% Cost of Living Adjustment.

Based on the Society of Actuaries calculator taking into mortality and a discount rate of 3.5% we get an annuity factor of 40.9925 (as of age 22 - the age I assume they start working). This also implicitly assumes someone is working every year until they die.

Then we discount that back to age 0 based on the same 3.5% discount rate assumption.
Phasing in vehicles that run on brown rice, much cheaper and much cleaner
i just got a major award! similar to the leg lamp. But not as good.  But almost there! WOO!
We want the real /u/HarveyBirdman not some cheap third rate knock off.
You wouldn’t want to share your pocket pussy
Bold prediction we ride flat all day
Fuck! Buy calls! Wait...priced in? Buy puts! ...fuck consult the Oracle! Someone stick something in a mods butthole and see what shape their mouth makes
Can I download Robinhood on my PS5?
NUAN is one running up for that reason
I think one can speak? Idk tbh
Red at open. Green by noon.
She’s a “born-again”
Red by close 4 pm
Scared money don't make money
Second. If it's Boeing I ain't going.
That’s also a great plan but too complicated for some tards
Unless they beat hard yeah. If they meet expectations I doubt they won't sell-off
keep eyes peeled for pcpl spac, gonna go bannanas
Already balls deep but I will be buying moar
If you have to ask, it’s too late for you.
Walmart can smd lmao zero chance I’m using them over CHWY
$45.00 at market open SIR
I’ve been on WSB long enough to know this is very bearish
Yes
Don't bet against the CCP, I would let this cool off some more
seems like the market is just gonna be difficult all year
709K initial claims is still higher than the peak of the financial crisis. Just imagine how long JPow is going to have to keep the printer going.
If you meet anyone who has NKLA stock you can bet they wear special diapers
So ps5 is already sold out everywhere?
Get GME calls?
HYLN puts ayee
Haven't seen my girl Kayleigh in a while. Hope she fought Covid
I don’t know the founders, never met them. I did meet joe megibow in the airport. I live about an hour from them.
It doubled in earnings is what I read.
Thank u
Chewy will be back up at it's usual $65-70 in no time.
🤡
We never had a US lockdown
it was more like

* supervisor to CEO - Our stuff is 85% effective
* CEO - hmmm yeah, if you can hold that info until one day before I have to sell, that would be great...
What’s the difference between a girlfriend and a pocket pussy?
K
https://www.instagram.com/p/CHfWeOmA9Vp/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link

They're still around, if you're a 40 year old hispanic man.
I thought it was inverse yourself since I always lose 🤕
It would be the dumbest fucking thing ever to hold PLTR through earnings...but I probably still will.  Ugh.
Hahaha, oh AMC, you're such a funny prankster! :P $2 is hilarious and all, but now it's time to get serious and HIT FIVE FUCKING DOLLARS DURING ACTUAL TRADE HOURS YOU BITCH.
Don't worry its got way more than a 10% dump in it.  It'll see $3 before it sees double-digits again
I suspect it will either go up/down/sideways
Absolutely.
She is a politician. But also views on weed have changed dramatically in the last couple years
🤡🤡
Amen
Yep, they’re doing great but if you’ve followed it for a while it will defffffff sink back down before another leg up.  Been buying it since ~$25
Why?
Not cuz of the run up just cuz everyone in here is yelling to buy calls
Think or swim
Wut
So we make our own algo based on call volumes?
How r we feeling boys?
$46.44 speak with your chest fukboy
[deleted]
you must be one of those retards who bought puts during the insane TSLA run up too
What is IV?
Tech calls if there was a meteor incoming. Wouldn't sell off till the day of impact.
YOLO 2020

Bernie 2024
I bought calls and they’re gonna get killed. Should I buy more??
[removed]
So it will be +10% EOD for sure
6 months ago if you told me this would happen I woulda called you a retarded gay
Any PLUG??
If you aren’t buying $ICLN you don’t want any tendi
[deleted]
Translation: she follows whatever she thinks will make her popular
[deleted]
> bitch ass-hands

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Yes but remember rule number 1. Always inverse wsb
yeah, but there was a lot more going on with FSLY. The insane run-up was a red flag. Also, I guess I'm speaking more to the same day/next day.

It's not 100% guaranteed, but don't go full retard and stay within risk tolerance.
Walmart new pet product offering
unfortunately I think we need it to drop like 30% to make any money because of the 200 iv
Amzn thriving
Nope, it'll go parabolic and I'll hate myself for having bitchass hands.
My calls are good till February, I’m thinking about just holding them instead of trying to trade this shit.
Ugh republican man bad!!! Me libby hehe so good for you guy hehe
I heard the rug pull was at 8:31 flat
I sold calls and puts :)
NIO to $45 today
Buy buy buy tech bullish tech
I got too excited when I saw PLTR at 17 lol
[deleted]
[removed]
make sure you post your losses
NIO has about 150,000x as much revenue as NKLA this is fine, equal competitors.
Ok so you’re not just as dumb as a fucking rotten ball of cheese, you’re also a pussy, good stuff.
How
For sure. I initially day traded it without much success right after IPO but decided against it. Imagine if I had just held my shares
Leaps are a good cure for paper hands
This market is being run by market makers based entirely on their option flow..


pretty useless to judge  the markets reaction to lockdown , stimulus etc etc
After it’s dropped so much already?
[deleted]
Need a chart of hospitalizations, not cases
How is robinhood so shit that their charts don't even have a y axis?
So tech calls with lockdown incoming?
I trade 0DTE JELQ contracts
For certain states yeah, definitely not a nationwide lockdown
Keep praying
That stock is the devil.
CHWY dead 


BZ: Chewy Shares Dip Premarket After Walmart Announces New Pet Care Services

11/12/20, 2:07 PM
To the MOOOON
DIS needs to tank further
Our Puts, Who art in Robinhood, 

Perfect be Thy Timing. 

Thy tendies come. 

Thy expirations be done, 

on earth as it is in Wall Street.

​

Give us this day our daily Lambos. 

And forgive us our Calls, 

as we forgive those who buy Calls against us. 

And lead us not into Debt, 

but deliver us from Bailouts. Amen
Walmart pet shit.
Is "the midwest" now just everything between the East and West Coast states?
Easily
It's up 50% in a month. What do you expect?
My portfolio hasn’t already completely crashed pre-market, I’m scared.
Earnings tonight.
Volatility is gone. Everything will be flat like the Earth
And the europoors are back at it
we holding?
Is TSLA dead now that Chinese overlords make em too?
can confirm
I sell calls every Monday Wednesday and Friday
[removed]
sudoku, lol
PRON
When did I say I was buying puts moron. Shutting down businesses for 2 months is optimistic..... LOL at what our schools churn out these days
After my 364 call expired worthless yesterday....
STAHP IT! YOU DON'T KNOW ME!
Buick no doubt
Watch them rake in a shit ton of money during future earnings lmao. Cant go wrong with parent's credit cards
Where do they allow you to trade premarket hours?
ACB needs to dump 10%
Hey SPY you’re cuter at 340. And even cuter when we buy that dip.
Be humble. Give some away. Buy real estate, collect rent, and stop boasting u made it
Reading is helpful try it
It's a scam
This tbh
Tsla
Yes invest in slavery
Agent Smith has been an HR nightmare!
no matter how poor you are, if you have a warm butthole you have a way to make some money.
Actual RIP, why this stock..
Green by 9
given the run up PLTR has to crash after earnings doesnt it?
need tech to stop playing and moon, do i hold long positions past 935? thinking about closing leaps and just trying to day trade fds if there is wild movement... tbh i think we chop flat today
Where’s my cum dump I need to relieve this morning wood
This is the DD I come here for😌
Dollar goes down equities go up
bout tree fiddy
SPY UP 1% TODAY
r/ihavesex
Zoom is going to CRUSH shorts
Ted cruz is canadian???
only calls im making today are to walmart to find a PS5
If they do lockdowns without increased unemployment benefits people will deadass riot
What’s going on with CHWY that’s it will sell off today?
My spy calls hurt
HYLN is very meh. I wanted to hear about big companies that they're working with or new contracts. Instead it was just talking about their potential lol...
I think we are gonna stay kinda flat until Jan Georgia senate runoff is done
https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1326883523735777282?s=20 

>EU IS SAID TO EXTEND LOCKDOWN BEYOND CHRISTMAS IF CASES NOT CONTROLLED AND HOSPITALISATION INCREASE: EU SOURCE
Earnings beat by 132%
Let us know how that goes.
Works until it doesn't. Looking at FSLY. I'm sure many regretted buying it at 90s.
I’m sorry for your problem, no ones gives a shit
Depends, when Biden gets sworn in.
Because bond yields are low, the US is still best capitalist economy and people have to put their capital somewhere. Oh and fomo and Robin Poors adding a ton of leverage to the overall system and throwing away money in the form of options trading.
The fed's actions cause cheap money, which ends up in the markets.
That site is written entirely by bots
Fuck you! I hope you go bankrupt, BOBO. $UBER is going to moon.
This is my preferred method for losing large sums of money
https://www.instagram.com/p/CHfWeOmA9Vp/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
Where else are you going to put your money? No one wants to sit in cash and miss the boat, especially since their brokers are telling them that the market is going to rally through next year
Should i buy the dip the next morning after? Anything under $x price? I havent been studying the stock but know its been $12-15 recently..
With that short time to expiry, very risky.
AAXN. They make body cams
Got it. Buying calls
I hope I’m wrong and you’re right, will happily eat the premium
Bought Nio puts again 🤑
Hey boys, I have a feeling y’all will make them tendies today.
No selling

More buying. Also hasn't ripped since Monday lol
ES desperately trying to hold 3556
That’s like having the fucking infinity gauntlet
We rollin'
Bought at 30 but still worth it 💪
I got a 11/27 124c I got in when it was around 100
Me
yes
Private prisons tanked on Biden win because hey want to decriminalize weed. Her record in CA is basically opposite but she's reformed now
Yeah quick way to lose everything
More excited than Hunter Biden with a crack rock and his 15 year old cousin.
Yeah 

Usually 3-400 bucks worth 3x a week
I just heard they fixed the printer. SPY 362 incoming
Eleven teen
Expecting another horizontal gap down before the smooth up rip through the moon that fucks bears but then double bottoms into a bull fucking v shaped recovery afternoon run up.
IV on PLTR is insane
One of us.... ONE OF US....
King Karp
Stop all spending, stocks will tank. Buy stonks with savings. Easy.
They make components to build gaming PC's (top brand to do so) along with headsets, keyboards, etc.

They are also getting in the streaming and online eSports coaching realms.

They killed their earnings this quarter, I'm surprised the stock didn't move higher.
Money printers and an even more incompetent president and a divided congress
daddy buffet spitting fax
So fuckin tired of SPACs. These rich fucks come on TV everyday and act like they’re givin a sales pitch on why you should buy their used car for more than what they paid for it
9 months out with still over 700k claims. All else aside, that's legit insane.
Puts seem too obvious. Therefore calls.
Why buy shit this holiday season when if you save your money, can buy cheap stonks later. Big brain idea.
The M1 just benched really well. Don't see that happening really.
Which way we goin today boyz
Anyone think this JAWS spac acquisition of Cano Health will validate the Medicare Advantage space and help out some IPOC bags for a brother?  Asking for a friend
***LENNY!!!***
Considering opening a call credit spread on em
Those numbers are all in the midwest though. Those people refuse to wear masks there’s no way they’d agree to a lockdown
A lot of talks about shuts downs across America and even nationwide.. bullish on tech.  But because I am always wrong I am inversing and buying puts 11/13
Bought 100 leap contracts when it was $6, sold at $9. Currently wiping my ass with newspaper instead of Charmins.
Well, there hasn’t been one yet.  🤷🏻‍♂️
Shrek dildos only
Ok so post your puts Mr. Burry lmao
BABA train is leaving the station. I’m on board
IV doesn’t matter when you’re big in the money dumb ass
liquidity
^da ^took ^ah ^doobs
Holding 12/24 110c- felt the 20% drop on vaccine news was an overreaction and it would recover at least some of that value over the next month. Got in at $104 though so not the best entry, should have waited a day.
NASDAQ can suck my dick
What is FLY is that an airline etf?
Green by morning always
Who’s playing BABA today?
Ye
They had a phenomenal earnings report, I'm actually surprised it didn't move higher.
Roblox going public, only thing I know about that game is that it’s for austists like us. WSB going all in when it drops
Because. Covid. Isn’t. New. Anymore. A. Vaccine. Is. Coming. It’s. Not. Armageddon. 

SMH.
See a lot of you retards talking about NIO making you money. That’s when you know it’s time to start rolling out puts on it
BULLISH
??? Green dawg
After close today
"loose money" is the definition of this sub.
People are retarded
More buyers than sellers I guess
[deleted]
Pretty sweet economic data for today.

Dear europoors, you're welcome. Now rally with us.
AMD
Here's another tip for free money:

A fairly "good" company that tanks after ER or some other news? Wait for the big volume sell off in the morning and then jump in with calls. You saw it with DDOG yesterday. Watch CHWY today.

This seems obvious, but clearly people here are retarded.
On pace for 10% gain through the day BUY BUY BUY
We’ve been expecting another stimmy for months now
Money solves a lot of problems, my man...
Puts on boomers



Calls on zoomers
So many gullible idiots
Bears r so fukkkkkkkk
I just died in your arms tonight. Must have been something I said.
I'm not an asshole, dude.
[deleted]
You might have bought it from me
If Peloton can get their delivery shit under control, it is a good buy. I want to buy a Bike Plus, but I have zero desire I wait 10+ weeks and then hope they don’t change my delivery date another 2-3 times.
Lmao.. You will make more money just making a play and then leaving it the fuck alone. If you stare at it all day you're going to trade emotionally and make mistakes.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PLTR   16.0|1.1|1.15|1.12|0.69|154.045%


PLTR 16.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1kx4x&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I have a few 11/13 290c for this exact reason
why?
Yikes!
We gave those gains back in a single day.
Mmmmm these PLTR 16C 11/13s are gonna make some great tendies
[deleted]
[deleted]
BABA 275 EOD
I mean... I’ll close day after earnings for fat stacks? This shit gonna moon. But it corrects to 35 on earnings first
I just purely hate everything about this company. I don’t bother dicking with the stock but if I ever saw a nikola on the street in 10 years or whatever , I’d key the shit  out of it
Silly goose I don't wear socks
[deleted]
Who got fucked by target last night while trying to get a Ps5?
Anytime it dips below 365, buy
You can’t just pull out one random insurance policy and act like it applies to everyone. You could buy a policy with any benefit limits you want (like a $10m death benefit) if you are willing to pay the premium. Famous people have policies for millions of dollars
Thanks, Tim Apple
We both win at $20.
Never in my life have I come across such an idiot. Backwards logic dumbass. We will have divided government so good luck passing a stimulus, which hasn't even been accomplished for over 6 months again. 


Just because you say something is true, doesn't mean that it is. It took 6 full months to rally back to pre-crash numbers after the first lockdown. Now they want to do it again, for longer, and even stricter this time. The market didn't "rally because lockdowns cause optimism." They rallied because states started opening up in late-April into May.
GEO
We're your family now brother
AAPL gonna reach 121 today and tank again. Buy early, sell at top. Free chump change.
Okay then in your case, big dicks n little dicks? I don't judge breh, same concept.
Pretty much
.......but is has evolved to mean both.....because....sir ,this is wendys!
Can someone make a logical argument why markets keep ripping?
Everyone*
ICLN safe
Anyone feel like FB is ready for one of its spikes?

Thinking of a risky 285C play expiring tomorrow to burn a day trade on.
Xi MY LORD, IN CASE YOU’RE READING THIS I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT I BELIEVE MA SUCKS YOUR GIGANTIC COCK WHILE TINGLING HIS TINY CHEETO. 

THAT BEING SAID, LET HIM COMPENSATE FOR HIS TINY CHEERO WITH BIG BABA GAINZ.
Lose the gf and save money= Financial success
so are we ripping or what?
I hope so, tryna print my puts
After 🅱️lose
[deleted]
Anyone with paper hands sell their NIO calls at close yesterday?
I wish, NIO cars look good
No way
So it's like HEAR.
Got me more excited than Matthew Gaetz over Tiffany Trump
How does one drive a stonk?
when is earnings fukboi
Thomas Haeley is a good CEO but he doesn’t know how to pump. I miss Pumping Trevor
Xi baby can’t you just let BABA slide this one time? I’ll make it worth your while **smacks own ass**
Pltr
Yes
Next person to mix up lose and loose is getting Zucc’d
No product, no sales, no profit, sham
3.6 röntgen, not great, not terrible.
AAPL stock too high, IMO.
Shareholder here. Nervous ab 10+% sell off regardless of how good earnings are, so buying protective put
Very rarely but it does happen
never
April 25C
[removed]
What does premium get you?
Went up 10% yesterday retard
It’s gained a percent in the past hour
Just because you refuse to acknowledge the seriousness of the pandemic doesn’t mean everyone else is as dumb as you
Do you recommend I buy more?
>once I figured out what I was doing was when I started losing money

I could write a book.
Student loan interest rates are already completely unrelated to the market... they remain almost 10% for graduate school loans yet mortgages are 2.875% lol ridiculous.... and that’s why this will be very hard to change bc it’s insanely profitable for everyone (except the loser trying to get a decent paying job)
Your 90c tanked, and the stock dropping below 80c inspired you to aim for 100c? 

You god damn genius you’re gonna be rich 😎 save some lobster for me 🦞
So basically the europoors talk shit about US pharma money but they cant do shit without it
go gay
Anyone buying NIO?
oh dear
If there is no devil how does PTON go up?
Been here a month. All I do is stare at my phone all day and my family and gf are getting pissed. Puts on my relationships
CXW
[deleted]
Xpev
I don't think you know what a coup is...
Great day to buy PDD puts!
Looking at a NCLH ship in drydock right now getting its logo removed.
NiO
Feel like it's going to be another flat, boring day.
Mooning 🤡 it has been at the same since 4am
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Gay
NIO stealing TSLA tech is super bullish. They work 25 hours a day they probably already made it way better.
No!
Biden does seem more like a 4 door type of guy.
Where’s my aviators?   They make me look slightly less like a corpse.
Upvoted because I've never read a DD thread here that included some actual financial info and terms, like GAAP and cash-vs-accrual.  Well done to the qualified people for showing up here, it should give us all hope.

Positions: Long PLTR in shares.
NIO makin people rich out here
So many pumps past 2 weeks. I guess I’ll put more $ on baba and pton
$5 biggie bag gives Wendy’s 4 for $4 a run for its money tbh
Zoom either goes up 3% from bell or down 3% no in between
Especially Biden. The guy literally tries to deny he said something the sentence before (watch DNC debate when Biden talks about only black woman to be in congress) . That's why he was forced to drop out of the presidential race in 1987. Not just lying but completely making things up about himself. He is a corporate deep swamp creature. But doesn't mean he won't print money for me to yolo!
I have just as much fun with big tits as I do little tits. You will never change my opinion.
Gushing Grannies on Blu-ray
Walmart online grocery shopping experience is bit better and other grocers have worse apps.
Any oil stock under $20?!?
technically, OTM is at $20 even.  It will still be worth something if its trading at 20.10, its just you won't make back what you paid.
Lol yeah my 356p 11/26 were gonna be sold at open but now idk
What’s gonna run, I’ve got 3 day trades
I am still confused about what would make it "an outdated pos".
Too loud ban
[deleted]
[removed]
pretty sure all travel stonks are dropping.
295
How do I invest in private prisons? I have a feeling Kamala is good for business
Retards and small animals don't work out well. I read it once in a book.
They making gaming stuff like mouse, keyboards, headsets.
It’s grouped as a sector dude.. duhh
Lol I was just trying to show how getting hammered every night for a week has affected my trading. If you want to see some real loss porn I can show you my robinhood account. Bv it it's cool be a dick.
I made 100% from Tuesday to Wednesday on 11/27 calls. Hoping to get back in
People b retarded
[deleted]
YOOO MY PUTS😖😤
If there’s no god, then who makes stocks go up? Checkmate atheists
Do you drive one?
Dumbest play imaginable
go fuck yourself - me who has a giant ass hole in my right sock
[Which one of you retards bought Jan23 DGLY $2.5c for 5 bucks a piece (300% above normal)](https://imgur.com/belzkcp)

Tbh DGLY calls are fucking weird. I got some Jan23 $2.5c for 1.24 but im seeing people bought Jan23 $5c for like 1.4

free spreads?
UBER 40p 11/20.
Good idea but I don't think I have 100 shares of it.
Hey bud, this subs for autists, not retards.
[deleted]
until share dilution hits hard
Why pton?
Everyone is saying this but do you really think these retards will hold to EOD? WSB is full of paper hands. Early run up and down bigly by 10:30.
Need BABA to rip though 272 and just straight to 280s
But also NASDAQ 14000 EOD... 🙄
BABA is fucking mooning
He's not gonna let yoy guys know anything obviously, you don't make money in the market being nice
You can either get on the gravy train or miss the train. It’s up to you. It’s going to $20 post earnings
I’d buy ZM calls during the sell off at open. $500 by next week.
What do they do?
Definitely getting in on the NIO or XPENG morning dip
Anyone looking at SBE 12/18 calls? Election will be called by 12/14, possibly moving stock higher. 20 strike?
So do we not get stimmy till after Biden in office? Seems like mango a bit pre-occupied with the coupe.
Lord “Boney Joe” Biden gonna use his Skeleton magic to pump the markets
Shit will probably tank after earnings but the IV crush will be huge so the poots might not even print

Positions PLTR 12.5c May 21
Cot damn. Thats some bullshit. Power hungry mods
Just give me 294 qqq and ill be happy
Chinese EVs are love, Chinese EVS are life
Good game? God’s gay? Going ganja? Got GME?
Nice jobs report to fuck my promising 355p 11/13
how many of you would trust someone from Walmart walking your dog?
Nobody tell him
S
ZNGA in hibernation, has to break out soon
Even though I'm down over 50% since coming here this is by far the best sub and specifically the best thread(s). These threads move so fast never fail to disappoint and I always get a laugh. A guy just said his smooth brain is cute and someone asked for pics I'm so glad to be among my kind here hope my wife doesn't find out how much I've lost.
But then you miss the next vaccine announcement
I bought at $0.41 🤡🤡
Good game
Over priced at this point.  Sold my calls yesterday when it didn’t drop after earnings.
JPM finally ready to get back down to $100 range where it belongs?
Is this the new NIO? Getting some NIO vibes from this..
Hahahah
I can’t believe as a long term Bull I finally went bearish. Feel like I was bit by a zombie or something. 

But this market is going to timberrr.
Don't forget DKNG ERs before opening tomorrow people. Not AH. So if you wanna play place your bets today.
Gucci gang
COVID CASES LOCKDOWNS MORE MORE
bear rape
DIA puts at open
That’s literally the smartest thing i’ve ever read on this sub
yea i will, ill maybe sell 2 / 5 calls, but i think they'll beat. They just shipped a massive project to some Australian company
I used to think pegging was gay, but then I talked with people on this very forum who informed me that pegging is not, in fact, gay.
Not quite true, my opinion has never changed during the argument but I have certainly ended up changing views due to information/evidence presented in online debates after I've had more time to consider it.
gay gay
at least UBER is finally dumping
AMAZON
[deleted]
one person drops NIO, ten more people swoop in to pick that shit up
Good game, it’s a gaming term 

Like GG boys
It's a bloodsport, it's for fun
Maybe he got hired to fix all the broken ice cream machines
#1 we won't have an extended nationwide lockdown

#2 economic activity will not cease regardless
[deleted]
Never
Story time?
After hitting ATH’s 🙄
Let's shoot for the small stuff first, hoping everyone's respective trading platform actually works at market open today.
And then since cost reductions and improving efficiency is the MO of every company, the stock doesn't even move
Because of that bullshit sell off. That was a juicy dip after a great earnings report.
How many of you bastard playing zoom calls today
GLE Nov20 12P

I bought at $0.41 🤡

It's a european stock so it's euros but I make it simple for you guys
When to buy puts?
Time to fuck with that imbecile 🥭
PDD puts at open?🤔
As a portfolio hedge against downturns
It down fucking 2% this morning. Just bought yesterday. What. The. Fuck.
GE
Fed pumping liquidity = market goes up. It’s really as simple as that. I’ve missed out on so much gains thinking I’m smarter than the retarded permabulls and caring about stupid shit like Covid, who the president is, etc. None of that matters to the market.
Just get a margin loan
[deleted]
Have that lame curfew coming on Friday and they probably moving all the schools to remote like Jersey soon.  Source:  I live in NYC too!  Hey bruddah
Pizza and beer
Long term a good investment because the profit the company makes is compounding. Shareholders are also still waiting on the Amazon investment.
Releasing new grape flavor, earnings said it might be better than lemonade...
Europe has only been rallying because of our election results and that vaccine data. Idk why that election was so bullish for Europe but did you see the week before the election in Europe. Bruh Dax dropped like 9% in that week.
PLTR 📈
Heard about that mess. All their preorders have been the same also.
Solid assessment. On the chance it does smash, the payout would be massive thought
hey DKNG can you not be retarded?
Yeah were you fired for day trading?
Why? What’s expected?
Fuck you trying to make us pump your bags i ain't buying that shit
[deleted]
Hey guys someone somewhere tested positive for Covid. 

SPY 300 EOD
9/11
Yes, because lockdowns stem the flow of the virus and cause optimism for this to be over sooner. Lockdowns also come with stimulus. 

I’m not going off my personal fucking opinion retard, I watched this happen before.
When has your opinion ever changed by arguing with someone online.. and when have you ever changed someone else’s opinion?

The answer is never
because those are jobs that they're literally fine with never coming back and they're not thinking of the fallout of millions of americans being out of work because right now amazon and apple and google are making a lot of money
pornhub premium
Green green green
That’s all I wanna see
Just went all in MIO..
I don’t know, my parents can barely use any apps besides Facebook but they’ve been ordering groceries for pickup from Walmart since April.
Isn’t it true that they no longer include people unemployed for greater than six months in the report? I wonder how it would look if they did
I hope so...
Thats the goal right? Buy high sell low
Come on guys, let's sing some praise about our sweet glorious Xi for the sake of our BABA calls, genuine from the heart of course.
Noone cares.
[deleted]
Shhhh... hopefully it moons to 500....
Sure. If it's $200. But add a couple of zeros and their eyes will perk up.

So if you are talking about a couple of hundred dollars then don't waste my time. We're talking about real money. Not some nonsense about how a company won't care about something under a couple of hundred. (Which is pretty obvious to people and would be an absolute waste of time to declare bk on).
Alright baba stop being a peasant and rip today
Their technology sounds so promising, just don't understand why they are bringing it to market as sellable printers rather than mass producing PCBs themselves
bear rape
Snap
35 days for first offense?
vixx calls may print here
[deleted]
What’s “gg”
Sepupu
No wonder my RCL shares are dumping this morning.
Who cares?
whats total loss tho? lol
How fucking dumb can a person be? You really think closing down businesses is somehow good for the economy? What planet do you live on? 



"Closing down businesses causes rallies!"



Wtf
Pls ban again, jannies.
Fake and straight
hi my birthday my grandma gave me 50$ check what should i buy?
amazing. Cruise stocks still have far to fall. RCL especially.
Sell at open.
Articles pumping EV, yes pls
https://ycharts.com/indicators/cboe_spx_put_call_ratio
3:55
Absolutely, its one of the mail re reliable dip plays ive seen. I went all in on that steep drop on tuesday. This Walmart news will probably make the ride back up to $68/69 a little bumpier but the services they are offering are pet insurance and dog walking services, as far as i know chewy doesnt offer those. So just a minor oanic sell.
What’s the significance of the JPow meeting later this morning?
“Oh man I had a terrible dream that my running mate was a minority”
Lol Joe Biden doesn’t need to sleep bro he’s an immortal skeleton
Here comes the slow melt up for yet another flat day this week
Calls
Lol what a retard
Where am I?
Why am I sleeping next to my daughter?? Oh wait, nevermind...that’s my wife
damn i did, from a coma.  I have 15c leaps are they ok?
Moderna 

News today? This is flying up on PFE news-

Here’s hoping everyone makes money today!

Well, not the MM’s, they make money everyday-

let today be WSBs day to MAKE THAT MONEY BITCHES
Spring, 2022
This is the highest quality shit i've seen in a long time
XPENG on RH feed. 

EV booming today.
One more follow up...the stock has relatively low vol and also a low share price (around .50) so I think it's easier to play with volume. How might this effect your strategy? Any other info to assist you?
[deleted]
5.45 but they will be 6.20ish at open
Hes not president yet. Worry about mango firing all the military peeps to position himself into a forceful taking of a 2nd term.
[removed]
water flavoring bro
[https://people.com/travel/passenger-aboard-first-cruise-ship-to-return-to-sailing-in-caribbean-tests-positive-for-covid-19/](https://people.com/travel/passenger-aboard-first-cruise-ship-to-return-to-sailing-in-caribbean-tests-positive-for-covid-19/)

> Passenger Aboard First Cruise Ship to Return to Sailing in Caribbean Tests Positive for COVID-19
Where did i leave my teeth?
Expected 735k. Actual 709k.
we fly high no lie and you know this. Babaaaaaa
What time are y’all selling PLTR?
What contract
I don’t think Fauci ever mentioned herd immunity though. At the rate things are going, April 21 seems quite unrealistic
BABA 272 eod
[removed]
yeah. i don't have weak hands.
quick, panic buy!
6.79 vs 6.9 est, vs prior 7.3. means bears r fuk
Yes, I'm gonna issue a heartfelt public apology about not making any more jokes regarding the horrific and untimely de4ths of large groups of g0vernmnt officials
Green by open. All 🐻 are gay
“Where am I!?”
Where am I?
What contract?
Apparently those numbers were bullish.
Gg bears. We're going green by open
It better
Where’s the nurse to change my diaper.
Why?
Xpev and Nio got me soft right now
Jobs numbers bullish!  To the moon!
*market sells off anyway*
Good jobs numbers means less chance of stimmy, bearish!”
You’re like the brownfield fund in the big short when they try to get into ISDA.
Let’s get it!
Watch out for trump tweets on "Great Numbers"
“What’s going on!?”
Jobless claims = green by open
My tsla strategy so far:
Sell 420c to retards like you
[deleted]
FSR then? Never touched TSLA or NIO and never will but willing to gamble on one of these early stage shitcoins that hasn’t had a big run yet.
BABA is going to FLY today
How Amzn & Shop looking?
Made 200% on my puts yesterday, from $0.01 to $0.03, beat that losers 😎😎
Pics?
OK but we're here trading options. We don't need a crash to ruin our positions, we just need one tweet of "stimulus coming" and then one the next day "no it's not".
Reddit has the attitude towards money that incels have towards sex. They just sit there and wallow in self-pity without even attempting to do anything about it.
Scene in family guy with Lois at podium: “Ahem.....**JOBS**”

🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
What do you think joe Biden’s thoughts are when he first wakes up in the morning
How much are they?
No. You're the retard if you think judges are stupid.
Better than expected = pump
All these people pretending the market cares about jobs. This market doesn't give a damn about reality.
Just go to the app or website, UI is horrible compared to TGT or Amazon.
[deleted]
I meant sales-wise during chinas shopping holiday a few days ago they were receiving 1 million orders every minute. Might’ve even been more than that
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jssu2g/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_12_2020/gc1jkrn/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3

I was here for the crash, do whatever you want but you’re gonna get absolutely wrecked.
It gets mentioned in comments a shit ton. Basicly on every NIO post it gets mentioned. But nobody really has made a DD on it. I responded to one guy who was very bullish on Xpeng and asked why and he actually delivered a great DD and new insights.

I am considering on getting in, but the fact that they have already risen 75% in the past few weeks scares me for now. I am waiting for a correction.
I just waited until I heard rumors of a preorder a few weeks ago at GameStop. Monitored the PS5 board here and when people started getting them I spammed the PS5 into my cart a few times every 30 min or so 😂 Took a good 15 times. Got lucky.
Do I sell my QQQ 11/20 calls at open?
For me it’s anything further than 3 months
2018 proved that rates can never go up again. Years of growth-less buybacks fueled by cheap debt and now negative real rates means that everyone in the US with a retirement account has bought high. The political fallout from tanking America's retirement plan means the Fed's only option is to become Bank of Japan 2.0.
Link
My brain might be smooth but at least it’s cute
DOCU SQ PLTR
It’s 1 spread and they were underpriced lol. I made 300 off of 4 solo spreads so bite me 😂
I don't have a stake either ... not yet anyways but I do think Trupanion is a bit overvalued for what it offers. Is it the market leader in pet insurance, sure it probably is. Problem however is that this space gets a new company added to it every other day and their churn rate for their customers is surprisingly not all that impressive. It's a hyper growth stock but I think much like Peloton, I would bet we get back to 50 sooner than we go up to 100
check Walmart at noon, 3, 6, or 9pm
The week started on October 30 for me
Nah, shorts scared shitless and immediately jumped to the Moderna vaccine news in the coming days.  Five days might as well be five months in this market.
Best of luck. It's ZM all over again
So many broken dreams and promises
Did you just wake up? It has been fading since 4am
There are people who start up businesses on a student loan. Easier to get.
I need more vix
No one tell him...
What’s messy?
Death, taxes, and the Thursday morning unemployment pump
Tomorrow gonna be blood AF. Who’s gonna hold into weekend with COVID peaking?
PERFECTION
Holding them long term. They dropped 10% today. Maybe a good opportunity to buy later
Glory hole
That you Cam'ron?
[removed]
Hold to expiration, pussy
But Nio is so cheap right now...
Hmmm... I know what I’m buying around open if it opens <$20

🐢🐢
Man that just makes you more of a loser. 

Now you have money to complete an easy degree, yet you’re bitching about loans. Hopefully you don’t have to compete for a position with people holding one!
The chosen one to save Zion from the machines?
It started the week at 12.60 and it's at 11.75? Wtf are you smoking?
Not exactly blockbuster number lol
[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/us-jobless-claims-709000-vs-740000-estimate.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/us-jobless-claims-709000-vs-740000-estimate.html)
XPEV UP 6% premarket
Yes, WSB is spearheading the upward movement
Why do they keep forecasting 735K jobless claim each week if they keep screaming v shape recovery? Fucking garbage ass analysts. You would think it would keep going down.
Yea. The original name was Mr. Anderson but changed later on due to a harassing agent
Yeaaaaahhhhh boiiiiiii (expecting we get dick punched anyways)
🆙🆙🆙
yup 12/18 penn 65c are gonna print hard
lol
Yeah there was no flash crash or anything and opening back up had nothing to do with the recovery
How do you know???
If XPEV doing well in CC
Same. Chewy just likes being in that $65-70 range. It'll head back up soon enough.
Walmart.com is such a messy experience don’t think it’s going take away much business
Good jobs report
Woke up to red pre-markets and morning wood. Let’s eat today my fellow bears!
Europe is locking down again and has been for weeks now. Where’s the crash?

Were you here in March? Lockdowns caused rallies after the initial announcement. Every subsequent lockdown caused a rally.
Got in yesterday at $100. Holding 120c 11/20
No.
No
I hate rkt. Thanks.
always has been 🤡🔫
This is exactly why you buy puts lol
Business are already barely surviving and recovering. 6 weeks will finish them off. Crash imminent if that happens
Underrated song
[deleted]
People don’t give a shit to that mango anymore
Oh, so you’ve already met?
comment didn't age well
Never glory.
especially when she cries dude she cries pretty
41$ im fuckdd
Market kinda liked those numbers i guess
Are we winning?
[deleted]
XPEV go vrooooooooooommmmmmmmmmm
They make doors now, too?
inverse WSB, jobless claim going to be down and big money is moving in today  


11/13 185C
Puts on NIO thru earnings. Yah, that’s right. Great company. But you dumbasses growin it too fast
Walmart announces new pet care services and completely fucks up my Chewy play. All good, minor bump in the road.
Anything thinking about pton today?
Yes. Big news: several weeks ago,  they scheduled earnings for AH today.
optimistic but last time I fell for that, I got dunked on and lost $200
Flattest premarket ever for me. Literally at +/- 0
[deleted]
Thoughts on NNDM post earnings?
Someone has calls 🤡
BIGLY
Question is did you learn your lesson??? 🤣
Maybe, everyone there will have to wear shirts with Elon face printed on it loll
What got you banned?
Why am i such a pussy? SPY 350p 12/11 will print , i know it will, matter of time before some stupid lock downs come into play or erection chaos takes hold , 370 seems way less likely before touching 350 again. TA people are gey but even they think it will print , fucking ackman says it will print , wtf am i waiting for? buy it on a green day? or just fucking get it?
NIO ain't no spot up shooter
Dey took err jaaabs 🥺
[deleted]
Have fun blowing up your account thinking lockdowns are bearish, happened a lot in March/April.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Daft Punk - One More Time   ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBhQbmPwH8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBhQbmPwH8)⠀►►⠀ 3:34 / 5:22 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
My way of trading TSLA is to not trade TSLA. I've been a nay sayer since they were 50% of GMs market cap so clearly I'm retarded.
I personally think those will print.
[deleted]
So is Fisker the next EV pump?
[deleted]
Circuit breakers confirmed to stay in non-break position, you mean.
Careful with LATAM energy...
IN VOLATILE MARKET ONLY STABLE INVESTMENT IS PORN!
Honestly I consider anything greater than a one week expiry a 'leap'
Alexa Play daft punk - giorgio moroder
I mean, I have a decent job which is more than a lot of lawyers can say.  I'm generally more stressed out than I'd like to be.  But knowing the law is a huge advantage in a lot of situations.  Although it has jaded me somewhat.  And the debt is a lot to deal with.  YMMV.
just let them buy puts bro, more money for us. retard will remain retard. some ppl just cant think outside the box. buncha simpletons
Sucks to be poor
NIO aint going red like some common bitch
The touch screens are prone to cracking, making the machine unusable. Which means they have to pay for repairs/new screens. Some one in the state procurement is leeching off tax dollars. I’m buying calls
You are dumb as fuck if you don’t think we crash if we lockdown. Bruh all those economic protections will be thrown out the window.
150c 11/13

Did I just throw away $54?
Two handjobs or a blowjob.
Up 10% this week
Dude..  it lost like 30% over the last two weeks. It's bouncing off support last night.

I bought yesterday as well 👍
Hmm I’m probably gonna buy puts on Nio today. Rally looking exhausted
But did they miss out on NKLA? You can still get in for under $20 a piece!
Poopoo pee calls
Only states and local municipalities have the authority to lock down.
PT raises this morning.
Ban
[deleted]
Disney movie about some lost fish I think
They might do better than XPEV
Depends on how they report. Do they do cash or accrual accounting?? Big difference on how the books are reported at earnings and tax time.
That's very true.  This banks on getting a few plays in that allow you to drop your break even to allow you to sell at lower strikes should your underlying move against you.  I would only recommend this strategy on a stock that you want to own long term, at the break even price that you purchased it at (I originally sold all my Tesla shares at 492, so I've always said if it climbed back to 470 I'd buy back in).

I only do this because I was going to long hold tesla anyway, because having used their products, called their service lines, etc. I've been blown away (in a good way) with every experience.  

Now that FSD beta release is eminent you can see legacy auto trying to downplay or legislate their way into delaying Tesla so they can play catch up.  If Tesla is first to market with a level 3 or 4 system I think that's going to be the catalyst that drives it past 500 into new highs.
Tech is the lifeboat. Don’t get out, go in deeper
they've been such a fucking disappointment haven't they. 29c 1/29/21
IWM down, BABA up, that is how I like to fuck
January 25c.... waiting for SPCE to break out of this long term equilibrium pattern.
TTD
its possible but NIO is gonna pass it again. NIO is always gonna surpass Xpev
"Do you think this is a game you stupid bitch?? cause I do!
Lol watch how bullish unemployment numbers are since we are red.
Come to SaND aLs jamaica mon
Covered calls
I miss those days
GME is garbage right now
How the fuck did you find one to preorder? I don’t have time to watch all retailer’s social media to hope I can get ine
How many does he give? If you can work out the average then you could just add it up.
You think one day Elon Musk will own Mars
Jobs numbers going to tank this bitch isn’t it 🌈🐻
Its up 2$ right now does not seem like a dump.
I got 349 coz my brain smol
DCF go brrrrrrr
Hey retards, it seems like everyone has had their monthly bout of Alzheimer’s kick in *extra* hard this week so I want to put out a friendly reminder to everyone: 

**The Market never fucking crashed because Rona cases were high**


**We didn’t know shit about the virus in March. People thought it was like fucking Captain Tripp’s ffs** 

**The market crashed due to an *indefinite* period of economic shutdown that experts estimated could last over a year**

**The Market then crashed further due to a fucking surprise oil price war announced on a Sunday fucking night**

**THE MARKET IS NOT GOING TO CRASH TO THE SAME EXTENT BECAUSE JOE FUCKING BIDEN WANTS A SIX WEEK LOCKDOWN IN JANUARY.** 

**Have some fucking foresight. Does the market react strongly to bullshit that’s become not only expected, but doesn’t even last as long as a season of fucking Fortnite?**
WMT 15/1/20 155c - what are your thoughts?
We aren’t doing sh*t until 8:30
well?? did they turk er jerbs?
brought to you by Kia. Kia...too bad it's a Kia
YO WTF IS UP MY BOYS IM BACK FROM MY BAN 
🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌

CAN YOU IMAGINE BEING BANNED FROM HERE THE PAST MONTH DURING ELECTIONS TIME

I WAS LIKE THAT DUDE IN THE MEME WITH THE VEINS POPPING OUT NOT BEING ALLOWED TO POST HERE
with casinos possibly shutting down, is it time to hop back into dkng and penn?
Is there a better combo than ATVI, GME and HUYA for gaming bulls right now?
It pulled back 6% overnight yesterday
Does a bear shit in the woods?
Blind retardation
Us Québécois and english Canadian have this to be proud of haha
Target fucked me last night
Samantha sounds hot
354 hold me
Think it'll double in value faster than nio? Has half the market cap of nio but at $34 now and nio $43. Think it'll pass market cap of nio?
gonna be honest coach. -.5% ain't much and tech is fucking up my vibe. see if unemployment numbers does anything
Pre-market is just edging us
Great companies will usually always be near or at their ATH. We’ll see who’s right tonight... I’ve gone all in on this.
Gimme some recommendation to earn spare cash for some cigarettes and booze for the weekend
I was big on ATVI. I think we will see WoW receive xbox cross compatibility or their own playable servers. Once WoW has access to console players, they're gonna sell a metric shitton of virtual cosmetics.
PDD calls at open?
Calls on $TWTR

Got banned for 12 hours for calling a lady a cunt who was wishing death on people
Big if tru
[deleted]
You holding through earnings? It seems that they've done well post earnings in the past.
F 8P
Yup now that we know when they are working or not!
All the lockdowns happening in Europe aren’t even real lockdowns. Fakest shit ever just to appease the masses.
I like the market because i love listening to music

Markets giving me the heaviest fucking drop you could ever imagine 😎

*BOOM BOOM bitch*
Yeah, if I take a position it probably won't be until 11am to try to get some sense of sentiment.
A DJ fucked your wife?
FD ideas?
They got rid of the well-paid workers and hired you for cheap! Anyway, congrats on your new job!
To many people here plying PLTR. I was in under $10 so it might be time to say goodbye
Calls on Fake Plastic Trees
If Xpev dumps after earnings,are yall still gonna hold NIO calls? Just curious 🤔
Also, what's your next play/ how long are you holding these because I am following you to tendy town all day long.
Here’s a renewable Idea, $ENIA, Enel, its a utility but they are doing renewable projects throughout Latin America. Solid financials.  Look what happened with NEE since they got into renewables. 

Also take a look at $MAXN, spinoff of SPWR, need to see how earnings are but has a $500mil very low market cap.
so, all the trendlines I drew last night on TradingView just gone this morning?  I saved, I know that much...

Edit: My alerts are still there, for the now non-existent trendlines.
jobs in 4 minutes, right?
My plan is all coming together. Ride NIO til earnings run up. Cash out and buy BABA calls after the MRNA results scare everyone out of tech for 1 day again. EZ
your GF must be a nurse, nurses whine and hate change
[deleted]
I’m heavy on shares right now
Then again when jpow speaks later today
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah, you can buy fractional shares of a human life with the expectation your fractional share will generate some returns. That field of investing is called advertising.
black friday sales, socks and underwear!!!
I feel he’s gonna lock us down only if a fat stimmy comes with it. Otherwise he’s gonna leave it to individual states.
O
[deleted]
Maybe NIO can start being cool again.
Hi, big retard here. Do people follow SEC filings to gain insight into where the stock could lead and does that work more than it doesn't?
My Small cap is getting fucked, like fucked raw by a stranger they met at a bar because they had a “connection” only to get a text 2 weeks later saying “you should get tested”
That correct. I was under the impression it was .19 for a contract. Either way, someone who is willing to pay $1900 is expecting the underlying stock price to be way above the strike price. 

Going back to you're scenario. 

01/20/2023 65c for $19 premium =$1900. The stock hits $100 at expiration. If you didn't sell prior to expiration your contracts will get exercised and you buy 100 shares for the strike price of the contract which totals $6500. The stock is at $100 so your shares are worth $10000. 

The differences $10000 - $6500 = $3500 - premium ($1900) = $1600 profit with 100 shares. 

Remember this is only if your contracts expires and you decided not close the contract and exercise it. Logically you would have sold those contracts while the IV is running hot for huge ROI way before expiration. 

Vs.

Purchasing 33 x $42 = $1386 

Sell at 33x$100= $3300 and profit $1914 with zero shares.
Anyone heard of NIO?
haha i saw that
It's today AH
Pltr in blue sky,
This post is personally attacking me and my socks
[removed]
[removed]
Always has b.... *nvm ded meme*
[deleted]
I can afford TSLA now at 420.69.
They said they are going to produce 1.3b doses next year so at forty bucks a pop that's serious tendies.
How many? And 17 or 18? 🤔
[removed]
he's gonna be cleaning the machines
No
They don’t know shit about fuck. They bought calls.
[deleted]
What do they think of paper money then?
Good Morning folks.

What's your play today?

PLTR...took some off yesterday

Thinking of getting put into SPWR for dec
Do you forget GDP crashing to -25% last lockdown? And good luck getting the red Senate to give away anything more than $1200
Almost at ATH? No thx
Yes mod
nah they're bros. when one goes up,it takes the other with it
[deleted]
Garcias
-King Robotron, Slayer of Mankind, CEO of Palantir,  2025
Couple C notes?
Before earnings, not after
you get reddit coins every month if u have premium, is that what youre asking?
Buy high sell low 🤑
i'm not complaining -- I'm in NIO leap here. Just noticing the profit taking during the CC is all
Got the herpes?
Daily reminder that everyone using technical analysis has to wear chastity belts before going out in public.
No they aren't
[deleted]
Won’t cause a crash.
Black Friday the 13th tomorrow
🆒
Vice City memories
nice my calls are only -50% now
Didn't they also announce they were going to sell the vaccine with low margins and wouldn't make huge profits off of it?
Im looking forward to the fundamental analysis side
BABA had one of its best days ever yesterday
Like its gonna rocket up at open. 355p 11/13
I like the way he says synthesizer
11/16 354p come onnn drill today
🥴
Make or break time for these 11/13 355p
It's after market
Of the entire EV market,  yes.   But those who are looking to buy an EV in China right now are not choosing between Xpeng or NIO.   They are two totally different classes of automobiles.  

Kia / Mercedes
Last night a DJ changed my life
I’ve got day trades. What’s gonna run
Xpeng is the new NIO
If he was guilty, would be removed
Omni is terrible?
Market gonna give everyone whiplash in 7 minutes
People think the market cares about the number of cases, meanwhile the market and the number of cases have both been going up since March. None of this matters unless we get more widespread lockdowns
Sell covered puts is a lot more safe get a account of 30k + and you can make 500-100 weekly on pretty safe plays
Yes but vaccination will reduce the usage of their many other products, too .. this is not going to make PFE’s year so it’s not surprising to see board people selling
Same way they like 1MDB lol ok
Yes but what about silver?
When you buy deep out of the money it's more sensitive to IV, so if you bought when the shit is already volatile you are gonna get crushed if it goes flat.
As they say, first one's free.
6 minutes
It's up over 5% on top of an insane yearly run up. What more do you people want?
I want a shiny rock too!
People don't think his clown moves have a chance of working
[https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/science/coronavirus-vaccine-tracker.html](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/science/coronavirus-vaccine-tracker.html)
SPY 540 eoy 2021
I got u fam

Tech is da future 'duhhh'
Spy bears how we feeling
JD.com. Earnings on Monday.
LMFAOOO
who cares Biden gonna give us free shit when we lockdown
Next week
The chicks with dicks kind.
I’m imagining Nasdaq this morning as Arnold Schwarzenegger hanging from the helicopter in true lies
was up 14% PM earlier, was up 9% at beginning of call
Step 2?
Step 3 500b
Look at LA restrictions as well-
My GF works at the largest hospital in the state. They are in the process of switching all of their POD equipment out for Omnicell. She says the equipment is terrible, unnecessary, and expensive. 100c 5/21
And people were still buying shares AFTER the split.
Sounds like fat orange dude is bad...
QQQ fut still green boiz my 100% tech portfolio likes this
Is McD’s still hiring? Thought they were going the automation route
Any news regarding PLTR earnings?
[removed]
[deleted]
Pltr calls. Hold thru earnings
On the real, im much more likely to call my dad if i have a good day in the markets
Amen bro
Fa sho. I downvoted myself for good measure
On the other hand, if this is how the market behaves in a recession just imagine how it'll do during an economic recovery
You sell OTM calls to secure profits and cover the cost of your puts. 

Good luck with your naked shares.
Not sure yet
If he makes it. Average life expectancy for a white American man is 75
When do the Moderna vaccine results come out?
I still no job
Need BABA to move like 5% for my calls to even be green for the day
Nah I’m in U.K., unsure where/if they stock them. Just had thoughts about cutting down meat consumption recently and instantly thought of BYND.
Selling at open?
They really gonna let us get out of our tech calls this morning.  That's considerate.
Gonna rocket on job report. I just got a job for the first time in my life
Well, we still have an hour.
Underrated comment.
agreed, I was explaining this to my gf after her mom called and asked her about NIO. it's pretty simple. people be mad they missed TSLA now they FOMO. I only have 100 shares, but enough to be happy if it does keep pumping.
pton
Yep
IM WINNING DAD
well, somewhere it is, like behind EL Pablo's drywall
Sitting on 11.13 spy 359p 354p and 348p 🤞
Whatever happens, at least I will be playing with my PS5 tomorrow. Fuck this market 😆
Huh? looks like its up premarket....
Full night bender. I’m hammered someone give me something to lose all my money on so I can sleep like a fuckin baby
Hey same here. Well more like 14k but at least it put my portfolio in rhe position to be able to double on the slow climb back. Theyll have so much cash. Maybe buy back? China tensions getting eased = tencent/cod China back in play? All bullish. Im just not allowed to play it anymore
CCL and RCL both issued more shares recently
Tell me what I want what I really really want
Green
I’ve got two day trades today? What’s gonna run
Yeah but this time daily cases are up 3X in a month
At least they were mostly bought in the teens and 20's but man it hurts being a pussy
Hahaha fuck corporate bitches
He who has the data, will be king.  PLTR
Volume was really low yesterday. If you discount yesterday due to the holiday, I think the downtrend is fairly clear.
Bull and bear. It looks like we both get fucked by theta gang
Corsair looking good, made a couple 100 so far
NCLH retard strength hasn’t capitulated yet.
You’re going to get diluted to hell when they need to start back up with no money from 2020 except loans
The only problem I have with NIO is that I don't have more capital to dump on them, in for 10k at 25.. just wish it was 100k
Very Nice!
When unemployment numbers come out?
I bought puts yesterday it’s safe to go all in.
In March everytime spy pumped at EOD next day would be red 99% of the time.
Would be very cool if we rotated into PFE
So brave
Next 500 billion dollar company. Buy the dip
I think you misunderstood, Pfizer CEO had a vaccine announcement planned for the day he initiated a stock sale. Nothing wrong here 😬
ICLN rising
He’s been shaking for a while now.. why spy is not 300 yet
maybe get some fresh air buddy
Ni hao, stonky go uppy
Looks like Chad is on the edge staring down the cliff
[deleted]
CPI in 10 minutes. Jobs in one hour
Toaster bath on the schedule
Lol loose money.  Not only autistic, but retarded too.  Somebody mod this guy
me with bloom energy, sold at $4 its now $17+
lmao -- xpev cc is reporting retardedly impressive percent increases in year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter and the stock begins to sell off. I think we are about to see some interesting price action during market hours
Have you tried their burgers?
Pink
Just drive down to indiana and fly out from there
You’re a market maker obviously, mr. FD big shot
Maybe a day where  both calls and puts lose money 

Gambler trap
hahaha OP you should tell your parents you're trading them.  Id love to hear their opinion on why those are also morally wrong.  

 Apparently anything that isn't on the level of "I give you five cabbages and two donkeys for this ox, at this moment, when it is needed"
TMO saving me from my cruises. Perfect double play
Can’t wait to buy that NIO dip at open... again 🤑
Kill urself
Meh and you picked 2020 as a good time to trade off small trends
Look at that idiot UBER. Good. Go back where you belong
Shit I forgot today was the weekly unemployment gender reveal. Good thing I loaded up on calls.
I'm not sure what you mean by "technical". Most engineering programs rely on Matlab and Python. Robotics and Mechatronics, programming PLCs, will require using proprietary software from the manufacturer. Allen-Bradley and Siemens are the two dominant ones afaik. 

If you're interested in learning the most fundamental concepts which will be necessary for any coding, pick up *Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software*. It's a really great book.

https://b-ok.lat/book/1248513/dcdd05

Good luck. If you have any specific questions, hit me up.
Job numbers strapped in. I'm ready!
I don’t think people realize how known the TSLA run up is to normies and the saltiness about missing it. 

I’m a NIO bull but spin the wheel and take your pick of other EV stocks. They might not jump as crazy as Tesla did but they’ll continue to jump nonetheless. 

So instead of moaning about the EV ticker spam, ride the trend. 

Or keep praying for doom and play ZM.
L
Hey I made a hundred off puts yesterday and it looks like I'll lose twice that before my new ones expire next friday. I think you'll be okay if you take tendies before getting greedy
About 100%
Easy, watch me.

SPY 400 EOY
All I have to do is buy 1 share of plug and it will tank , watch ....first buy one share than yolo the rest in puts....watch retard power in action
Thanks!
JPow: We don't want to run through the markets like an elephant.

Also JPowell: * runs through the markets like an elephant*
Feel you lost a good $10k on this sucker im a share man now. Actually looked at charts that showed earnings announcements and profits on this bitch. Literally jumped at random times and never on good news 😂
[deleted]
Hmmm red or black today
How does Goldman Sachs just say SPY 370 EOY? Like how tf do you just ignore everything going on right now?

Funny though because they realize the market is completely disconnected from reality and will keep rising.
When is the incoming crash because Joe Biden and his handlers have announced they want another stricter 4-6 week lockdown? Do I have the nuts to time this shit, or should we get out asap?
It’s fine Powell gonna get his boots on go out to the garage and start up the printer
🤝🤝🤝🤝
Li is up 8% please tendies go up 15
Why are you here
Imagine your calls getting fucked by some fucks fucking.
im holding, itll gradually pick back up anyways after earnings
Maybe some leaps
You guys got me curious about the stock I was gifted: 1 share of S (Sprint)
It was worth like $6.80 or something. I sold after 30 days $6.90 or so. 😆 

I searched for the stock today and I can't even find it.
My luck, its changed names and now sells for $3000.
weird movment on SPY. first time my strategy has been wrong since september if red holds. normally when SPY pumps into close (3:45-4:00), it's been a leading indicator of a gap up overnight
Yes
Square docu 11/20 5% otm calls
Hello? 

Yes , hi is this Samantha?

yes..

Samantha i need you to clear out all your shit and leave the building , security will assist you if you fail to comply.

what? why? what did i do wrong?

Samantha its 8:13 i dont see coffee on my desk, i dont see my warren buffett mcdonalds breakfast and frankly giving your boss a little head in the morning wouldnt kill you .

You didnt tell me you wanted breakfast and the second part is sexual harassment. Im calling HR!

Samantha this isnt going to work , pack your shit or im calling your husband and telling him you gave me head.

stop cryingggg im joking Samantha relax hahahaha its just a prank lol chill the fuck out.
Yeah I'm definitely leaning towards it. Just not on entry. Thinking maybe 10:30 11ish if it's showing weakness this morning.
Be careful man. That stock has traded like cancer since August. Buy the shares or do spreads. It's well overdue for a major leg up but don't try to time it
So bullish
Yes but don’t get caught buying into a wide bid ask at open with a initial pump of IV... With out looking I think those closed around .45 each and could see them open around 60-70 with a wide spread and settle back down to 50-55.
Small company now but they will steal market share
🥭 about to shake shit up. Circuit breakers confirmed

To 🥭 🐻 brothers
Ni
jobs priced in, pandemic priced in, lockdowns priced in, big green dildo coming for all you michael burry wannabes.
BYND worth looking into at these levels ?
30yr bonds auction, Powell speaking, Stimmy needed 🥺

Market go boo👻
42c
[deleted]
I loaded up on some SPY DEC20 $326p near yesterday’s close
Weekly calls

Monthly puts

Roll your monthly puts once a week to avoid theta decay

Literally free money with some thought. There's so much variation going on that both puts and calls are money makers as long as you dont panic close positions
[deleted]
Are u retarded?
Sold all NIO shares at $39 yesterday (clown emoji)
1v1 me on the back 9 fgt
We do it
username doesn't check out
Guilty. Not removed.
Puts cause I hate money and Mulan sucked
nasdaq bby what is u doing. stop fighting. take the day off and come back tomorrow
Damn, Chicago implementing more travel restrictions, hope I can still make it out to LA for the holidays since I haven’t seen the family and friends in over a year. 

Might be a good thing for tech calls though...tendies for Thanksgiving?
Sure 👍🏽
Lol all my positions only go up and I started a position in $PLUG last Friday. Rip your account buddy boy
Have a feeling BA is gonna take a big dump at open
I hope not. I've got no stake in Trupanion, but I know they and Healthy Paws are the best in pet insurance. Premiums don't increase over time. I'm assuming that being the blood-sucking parasite Walmart is that they'll jack up premiums year after year until you can no longer afford insurance for your old and ailing furry friends.
Can you explain what “high volume scalping” is? And also positions or ban.
I'm throwing 1k on that exact play
Sell puts instead?
Strap in these job numbers are about to be bad
Alright I have 2 day trades available let’s go😎😎
He can't trade anymore he's not allowed
Feeling kinda good about @ctivision now at this price. shadow lands/Cold War/and cod mobile being released soon in China with higher covid numbers going into winter🤔
Nio 🚀🚀
After hours?
Who’s listening to the xpev call? Need a translator
will you guys STFU about NIO. Jesus fuck making me worried about my fd calls
Guys can you please do me a favor and buy this dip? Much appreciated.
BTFD
[deleted]
[deleted]
u/KaiserCyber

What’s Nikola’s projected milestone with EV morgues?
Sell they leaps and buy the stock if you wanna stay in NIO
Get DOWn!
tech open flat. BULLISH. Green dildo incoming buy buy buy
[deleted]
Seems this one grew up poor (, not with a father who owned an Emerald mine operated by African slave labor):

[https://youtu.be/JmjvVTxcWAk?t=50](https://youtu.be/JmjvVTxcWAk?t=50)
Not afraid to buy puts just don’t dare to call what will be where by when. Even if I can save myself 10-15% on some stocks it’ll be well worth it.
buying cruises and waiting 3 years is guaranteed retirement. buy shares
ZM calls
The hell is your strike price?
WHERE MY KNIGHTS OF THE VALE AT????? ANYONE????? WHO HERE STIL SSSS GANG???
Yesterday when he made Frank Lutz spaz out because he asked why they should ever trust polls again was amazing.
So what kind of trap do we have today
Apparently he's also Chris Farley's cousin so he has that going for him
U do it I do it
Who’s ready to make some tendies?
wait do you renew on awards daily then? I never given one. i thought its a one time deal.
You can either love or hate Berlin, some of my friends hate it, most love it. Most people that come her love it. Has some really great places and its cultural divers, but also ugly, poor and unfriendly at times.
Its okay, you live and you learn. At least you're gonna be making money right?
[deleted]
I love these comments that pop up whenever there’s more talk of lockdowns or a rise in cases as if you’re spouting shit that hasn’t been spouted 100x every week since March.
We crashing crashing
NIO 44C May 2021 x 3

and

NIO 38P Mar 2021 x 1

&#x200B;

Because i'm not autistic enough not to hedge
The problem isn't the subs organization. The flairs are pretty straightforward.

Its just no one reads the rules or cares to use them correctly.

:(
not at all
Sounds like a big ass green dildo day to break you in.
Zynrelef was approved in the EU. US FDA makes a decision in January 2021. So I’m thinking Heron will go up in value.
It ain't nerdy if you're a serious Norse pagan
After that it’ll randomly drop 23%
I would rather go shares right now anyway so maybe I'll do that instead, thanks.
[deleted]
If i had $1 for every NIO post in last 90 minutes, I wouldn't need to gamble on options.











I obviously still would...
I’m riding shotgun with you my friend!
[deleted]
Especially when the company didn't publish an earnings report in 4 years and declared bankruptcy in 2018. Funny enough, there are still multiple shops of that chain in my hometown, but the franchises were financially and legally separated from the public parent company a long time ago.
His revenue stream is from his paycheck, if he was a successful investor he wouldn't be on TV. Literally paid to entertain.
My brain says no, my heart says yes
Up like my lady’s skirt son
RIP
Lockdowns imminent.

the dark winter soldier approaches.

Hail Hyatt puts!
It's really lovely to wake up to margin calls emails
Is Unusual Options Activity trying to tell me something when I see my trades on there 🤔
I recommend not trading meme stocks
same
An extra $.61 you can go to a Wendy’s and get two chicken sandwiches.
What stock
What college might that be? The one that specializes in "Forensic criminology" aka "How to hide your son's laptop with the video where he's getting a footjob from his step-daughter" one? It's all there on g news dot org (I know, the site is crazy; the pics and vids are still 100% real, fuck you)
Made about 70% on 2 14.5c 11/13. Most likely unloading a 11/20 15c call. Expecting at least 50% plus on that one too. Nothing crazy, but If you can make a couple good $100-200 gains a week it starts adding up quick! Depending on its performance may jump into more next week if it has a decent dip.
I'm long on NIO (because obvi) and short on DIA. 'Tis the way.
They did a direct listing and locked up 80% of the shares which I’m pretty sure they will be able to sell those after the earnings
wish I had a step broker ☹️
Will my li calls stop bleeding and print
Flat makes me feel to damn stressed. Straight up taking the loss makes me come to terms right away with being a fucking idiot
Won't happen, the market will tank and they will reverse it all. Already happened in 2018 so that one would be easy to predict.
Yeah they’ll recover in a year or so.
Puts on TRUP, this should go down to $50 with this announcement of WMT jumping inon the pet insurance game
Who’s buying Disney FD’s ahead of earnings call today
DIA calls at open
I had a cup o’ noodles before bed.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LsES_7xLOJs
I am busting my ass just to get back to a zero balance which I will probably be able to do in 6 months, so you're doing far better than most of us
I am very pessimistic in my short outlook for markets why?

- Markets are not pricing a constitutional battle where Trump refuses to step down. 

- In The vaccine euphoria, till yesterday the market has not priced in the escalation in covid cases and massive toll any National or local lockdowns will have on the economy coupled with consumer slowdown due to fear as hospitals are overrun.
Well now you know what not to do. Live and learn
Why is bynd green
Burning a day trade on PLTR 17 or 18C expiring tomorrow and selling before EOD today. Yes or no.
Nice
Looks like LI won the EV wars for today
I said the same thing with Google and Albertsons and they never came back to the point I wanted... Not gonna let this opportunity past tbh.

Although they have not made a profit in the past 17 years, the expectation is for positive profit, which is unlikley. But if they pulled off, it will literally mooned so hard
Maxr gang
Isn't it at the lowest ever?
Put your money where your DD is and buy puts then....Or are you............ chicken?
News leaked last night  apparently that they massively beat
guys will you sell your nio leaps before earnings? im just worried about IV crush, my leaps went from 89.5% IV to 85.9% just randomly yesterday and lost a lot of potential profit, anyone have any recommendations?
You hit 420 and then get higher
You should ask SM ppl what they think theyre actually for lol
NYTs called for late spring assuming nothing goes wrong
[deleted]
What dip 🐒 little 🐵
Lool wow thats nuts, i cant imagine there's good tech guidance in that company. Puts it is!
Short nofap?
1. Lost money
2. Flat
3. Made a living.

In that order.

You are a fish.
Up or Down today gents and ladies?
Priced in
No way. ZM will be up today
I've been playing catch up for 3 months. Still not there. Much worse.
dont worry, as soon as Biden is in the white house they will start raising rates
Imagine being Jim Cramer, buying calls on a bunch of shitty companies and shilling them to retards to make your calls print every time
[deleted]
Also keep in mind state sponsored media actually tells people what to buy.  WeChat videos are being shared by grandma's and uncles.  They are pumping NIO and bashing the crap out of BABA.
What is going on there?
Priced in.
Calls on ice!
VXX puts at open. Just spitballing, I've got no idea.
losing. losing is worst
Look at that put to call ratio. Shit ton of bears out looking for blood. And you already know MMs love to kill bears. We moonin nigga
[deleted]
Nice
They missed lol
Haha all chinese EV up, tesla is crawling like a snail.
Yeah but it's gonna hit $46 this week and I would have gotten assigned lol
CEO disclosed he was selling shares way ahead of time, they then dropped the news the morning of that date

Dude played the market like a fiddle
> CHWY

  CHWY  gona team with pfe to make a vaxx next thing we gona hear
And bond yields are still climbing despite JPow propping up bond prices to the tune of 120 billion per month. You know shit's fucked when a buyer with infinite money can't keep prices from falling.
we're china baby!
Get outa here with that negativity!
WMT should run today with the upgrades and new doggy services launched
Keep dreamin ;)
False

It’s bullish. Always bullish.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jamzkourt the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All you need is a big giant D! 

Or a green DD
What should i gamble my money on today boys ?
It dropped a little already but I guess when America wakes up there will be another pump. I just hold longtime so I do not care
Bro go back to 2nd grade and learn how to read and spell
Green enough for my ZM calls to print
Red enough to see my BA puts print.
The Fuck you mean there is a bubble?!??!
Don't forget LI tomorrow
please open qqq green
afaik, based in london
Alot of people here have lost money some had made living out of it. I been flat for months now lol not sure which one is worst.
[deleted]
Why are there so many MAGtards in this sub

Welcome to Pre-market pajama trading, where everything is made up and the points don’t matter. That's right! Futures are just like the Patriots without Brady.
That is the funny part to reversing someone, what is the opposite of FD calls on NIO right now? FD puts on NIO? Both are most likely to lose with 200% IV
🤡
I defenetly think it'll drop quite a bit after earnings and that's when I'll buy some shares.
Seriously
Certainly agree with that.
I thought them boots were made for walking
Pltr of course...1000 is coming
Already reported and beat expectations.
So if its below 550 wed?
This place is filled with greed. Better leave now before your commit one of the seven deadly sins. Bye!
Amazon is dead to me 😭
BAN
Damn... Zm fading faaast... saw it go from 427 to 421... always a drama holding that sht overnight.
I’ve been chilling cash since Monday morning sold the pump and don’t trust anything yet ha
[deleted]
Might wanna vacuum cobwebs out first. And possibly spit  💦 in there too
Shares?
[deleted]
Warren Proffet
Nio 44c 11/12
Same
[deleted]
Run like that long dickkkkk
The fed has distorted markets to the point where you can't even predict whether a business shutdown is bullish or bearish for the stock.
T R U E F L A T N E S S
Dude.  You sell on the 16th.  You gave up at least $5 per here.
I now tested positive for 🐻🌈
In case you didn’t catch the new NIO news last night here’s a source [https://investorplace.com/nio-stock-goes-into-high-gear](https://youtu.be/2xOLPQZ5rYg)
[deleted]
did you get lost on your way to r/conservative or r/politics?
They already sold 300m to EU yesterday and you have to consider that youngsters to get two shots and not one.
Wouldn’t it be funny if XPEV misses earning and Tesla will be down 15% due to sympathy play!! While NIO is still grows 5% 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Barely green. For now...
Who woke up the Bears?
Position?
Spy puts
Ah yes, thank you.
I’m going cash gang. good luck to all. This bitch still has another leg down in her.
Your mum's tits, I need more milk 🤤🤤🤤
Thanks 🤤
JD is always a good play my friend
Max profit?
[deleted]
Dollar flat/down and only tech is green. Tech rotation is back on boys.
Oh no! I got stuck under the pillow! step-broker will you help me?
The smell of fear. Capitalize on that. Report back to me.
Probably gonna buy back the 44c call I sold for a loss and roll it to a higher strike
definitely taking NIO with it. and when NIO beats,Its gonna loop back to Xpev and give them another boost
Fauci has hyped up the Moderna vaccine as being as good as Pfizers. OP may not be taking that into account as the 'good vaccine data' pump seems to already have happened. It will feel like a pump and dump, not unlike Pfizer.
[deleted]
Bought at 3.80 sold at 4 lol

Copped a 30$ call for 2022 in July thou up 250% ☺️
Nio ratards unite
A bit late, but yeah
It was up almost 3%, down to 1.5% now. Still think it hits $45 at some point, I was just scared there would be another pullback and I wouldn't be able to recover my losses
I want to give an interview to that guy that gives the snake award to the daily discussion and what are your moves tomorrow threads every damn day. How much does that cost you
Up till earnings my guy! Let’s ride captain
3:50 at the earliest
ATVI ready to run
8:30 EST.
Weeps in NIO weeklies
[deleted]
Whos gonna fly in the max? No one can fly anyway. I always check plane scheduled to.fly when i book, not taking any shot max flights...airline that does that is gonna get smoked by others using airbua or anything else on same route. Plane is fcked, all.these bandaid solutions....fck them they can fly it
another 10% day for JKS incoming
NICE WORKING TGT , NEXT WEAK NIO WILL BEAT MASSIVELY AND TAKE XPENG HIGHER TO RETURN THE FAVOUR
8 dirty
[deleted]
What amazon dip...
[deleted]
Wish I had listened to that dude earlier this week that said GRWG would be $25 EOW
Throw a dart at the stonk board
The point is they got out and bought a fucking IVECO, slapped some stickers on it and made a press release.

Fucking LARPchads raking in millions as we speak
[removed]
You're very straight and intelligent.
If I thought the stock was ripe for a spike up why the fuck would I sell calls on it?! That would negate any reason for me buying it in the first place.
Let's face it, they will probably never sell off... The only time it will sell of is after I buy it - happened on the only red day this week ($15 to $13.20) and will happen at open when I buy.

I don't care tho this is gonna double or triple in a year or less.
$45C 11/13
Guys

PFE vaccine at $39/dose x 100M doses is a drop in the bucket vs. 52B a year in revenue for the company as a whole. 

 CEO selling shares is not expressing lack of confidence in the vaccine, rather it is trading smartly on hype.
dressed as him for halloween once... white pants, white shirt, huge fake moustache
 As well as claims data, October U.S. inflation numbers are due at 8:30 a.m. American [crude oil inventories data](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-11/oil-extends-gains-after-opec-signals-likely-delay-to-output-hike?srnd=markets-vp) is at 11:00 p.m. The monthly budget statement for October is at 2:00 p.m. Fed Chair Jerome Powell, European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde and Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey all speak later. 

[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2020-11-12/five-things-you-need-to-know-to-start-your-day](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2020-11-12/five-things-you-need-to-know-to-start-your-day)
I challenge you to a pizza showdown
Then both y’all go over to theta gang and beat one of them up
When is job report released?
Poorly! So far.

Scaled in so I'm only down a little
Xpev beat revenue. It’s going up today and likely taking NIO with it
Is JD a good play today?
shortest rotation out of tech ever
Nice
what if both lose? better triple up
what are we pumping today ?
That's pretty loose butthole of you
1:45 asshole
I know it's very addiciting. Probably a safe long call as they won't lose consumers
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s still up 2% lol
[removed]
[deleted]
My name is Giovanni Giorgio, but everybody calls me Giorgio
[deleted]
That guy hates a mirror
Fucking blows my mind that people put money in the market and don’t understand share price vs. market cap
what was your expiry date?
There might be a jar of honey next to the bed...
Conference call?
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [jellyfish jam               ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWqAf4eex14) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWqAf4eex14)⠀►►⠀ 1:41 / 2:32 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I have BLUE, BIIB, and AUPH, but looking to add HRTX. Anyone know anything about Heron?
Jobs report gonna save the day? F that let this motha burn
Why?
Anyone selling PLTR calls at open? Or does this bad boy just keep going up until earnings.
[deleted]
4x in revenue reported, nio to 50 confirmed
We thank you for your service brave soldier.
[deleted]
Alexa, play Jellyfish Jam
Id hit nancy raw ngl 🥵
Monday was one of the top 5 most notable stock days i have personally experienced. Crazy times.
Have you been spying on my trading?? LOL!
Covid-19 with the V shaped recovery
$XPEV earnings out 🚀
It would be like how everyone expects glitz and glam when Tesla has something like a Battery Day but then ends up bored with nerdy shit like "cost reductions" and "improved efficiency", except times a thousand.
Im gonna yolo into that Amazon dip at open🤡
If only I could pronounce it maybe I would have bought it 🤡
What's yachty say
All right, everyone buddy up, take opposite positions and hopefully one of you will win.
then closes at 48 and THEN 50 EOW
[deleted]
Heppy
[deleted]
you can daytrade to try and capitalize on an IV blowup by close, but I would definitely not plan on buying into options you plan on holding until after earnings. Shares are fine though.
I stopped watching those stocks, I can't remember why though.  Just added them both back to my watchlist last night though.
(it's going to be a flat day)
[deleted]
Ripping then dipping?
TFW there are boomers who got gold for less than $200 an oz.
The safe strat would be to wait after earnings.
What's your next play?
I would wait for a selloff (maybe after earnings) and then go all in.
That’s kind of the unstated premise above. I don’t see a path to stimulus before Jan 21. The Democrats could maybe put some pressure on McConnell by passing a bill, sending it to the Senate, then plastering GA with ads saying that unless the Senate flips, McConnell’s gang is going to hold us hostage. But I am deeply skeptical that anything like that will happen. The writing is on the wall: no stimmy until after the new President takes the Oath.
Doesn’t matter. Still came
I'm feeling good Cotton
[deleted]
You belong here
Wholesome
9:30
NIO coming back down. Hope she opens green for you, boys. I wanted to hold through today but couldn't risk IV crush so took the 50% loss.
You think Winnie the Pooh fucks with just his shirt on like Winnie the Pooh?
[deleted]
Yes as in us or we
Anyone else looking at the PFE insider trading and thinking the bad news comes at the same time as election gets overturned? Perfect storm
[deleted]
If you do this with rkt you golden bro
❄️
Take my eye off CHWY for five minutes and it's down $2.
Its about to tank... goodbye weekly calls. 👋🏼
See no posts like this makes me want to dump my holdings
[removed]
Too late to get on PLTR? Wait till after earnings? Want to add more shares and some longer calls.
When?
Lol baba and amazon have two different business models. Autists need to go back in their basement
[deleted]
Link
EV down the toilet
biweeklies then? Monthlies?
People like me are the reasons yall will get to reap the calls in the first place. If yall believe in it buy the damm stock
NIO open $45
Nah hes the puppet for the neolibs. Which means give me that sweet sweet free trade pleaseeeee.
JPOW meeting in the morning. pretty sure he's going bear.
That was his point
BABA EOW 330 guaranteed as long as Ma learns to tango with Xi.
Not guilty tho 👀👀👀👀
We?
still doesn't feel like we're gonna drill that much
must be blood from your period.
You guys are great! Hope all of you will get your tendies today.
I’d sell my kid to break even on my APPL calls.
Yeah you got me there, thought Robinhood didn't allow it but it looks like it does. You got me ggwp lol
Ah I see what you mean. If you look at any of the articles about the earnings all they talk about is the YoY growth, and beating revenue by 14M. That's probably why the price shot up.
Bob Dole
[removed]
I feel it now mr krabs
11/13 $20C bold? Yes? Stupid? We shall see
[deleted]
🤡gang
[deleted]
Hey bro, would you mind giving another update on the stock and q3 results?
Stay strong brothers, it's November.
This is absolutely false. Source: I live in NYC
Ah you got me there, but it’s still a bunch of bullshit waiting for funds to settle and what  not but. you’re still the one shilling this bullshit. Hell you sent me a dm about this motherfucking webull shit awhile ago.
Aww someone’s butt hurt
Rip
I reported u for being gay
Triggered?
Opening 60 MSFT 215/220 EOY debit spreads at open and going to sleep for two months
from the looks of things they're gonna have a big pump after earnings
Thanks
Sorry PH, but it's November.
[deleted]
Ban
Nothing matters til job reports come out
Not white either 😂 keep trying dude 👌🏻
It takes like 5 minutes to do the statistical analysis
[deleted]
I don't believe that's specific to WeBull. You can use a cash account with any broker and day trade.
Holy shit this is bad fellas. We dumpin hard
Let’s see how XPEN earnings are
Impeachment is forever bud
what a time to be alive. theres like one crash in stocks per month and one new bull market in stocks once a mont. the pace of these cycles is increasing .
that's the diaper bro
Guys let me know your PLTR position. I'm going all in on PLTR 20000 shares, my entire savings and portfolio, at open, so if yall having puts, yall count your self lucky knowing that I singlehandedly caused PLTR to plunge today. Long term it will probably ride tho
😳
[removed]
It's been a long week but glad I diamond handed these $45s
[deleted]
when is Biden going to give me free shit
U can feel that tech bull cock itching to break out, 295 by 1030
Hold the Line Nio!
What was up with that 12% pump day on Tuesday? Someone bought $500k in 11/13 calls, cant remember the strike.
This XPEN earnings right now will probably affect everyone darling NIO. Pay attention.
Thank god the recent person had their impeacent acquitted amirite
This sub is as bad as the rest of Reddit now. Just preteens and foreign people pretending to be something they’re not cause they got a glimpse.
>Do you even Netscape bruh?

  ask Jeeves  is were cnbc gets there fact checking from
Correct and ban
Whipped implies more heavily someone is the submissive, in every aspect. Simp or simpin I think gears more towards someone who’s trying to get freaky in the sheets.
[deleted]
Yes but be careful because the 737 max recertification is coming soon. Puts will print if there is no news.
Mobile morgues I think are bullish, can NKLA pivot into EV morgues?
I own like 7 shares right now. I can either buy more shares and then maybe start selling premium. Or risk some more money and buy calls
You jinxed it
Admittedly it's a bit of a gamble, but if their earnings does really well I'm hoping the FOMO will grow and outweigh the IV. I'll probably sell most of the 1dte by the end of the day before earnings hit and try get some cheap options just before market closes.
booleans, if statements, loops, all the basics; this is what coding relies on. Understanding these basics is the important part of programming.

Of course, some languages are better suited to certain tasks. OP is looking for an entry point.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Trust Fund Baby - Why Don&#3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOmhbMXY52o) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOmhbMXY52o)⠀►►⠀ 2:21 / 3:32 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Tech and healthcare rolled into one? Count me in!
Big beautiful jobs today, we have all the best jobs. Everyone’s so nice to me when I tell them “welcome to Walmart” ☺️
Sure it wasnt a diaper?
Bloom article from yesterday says “within days”
It's based on the same mathematical formulas, but yeah.
Listening to Trust Fund Baby while stonk might go down 😎

Alexa, play Trust Fund Baby
Yeah right before earnings. So this upcoming Monday.
search unusual options activity and they should have a tab for high IV
ZM absolutely dumping today fellas
I made such a weak gain on acb $7p from friday due to poor timing and iv.
[removed]
Claiming losses eh, does that help me get more money cause i may just be a millionair 👌
Damn whoever followed PDD $135c 11/20 made a ten bagger right there - I did not. 

Playing VIPS instead. Hope to see a similar return 🤡
I started yesterday morning with a Jan call and it worked. Was really hoping for one more green day due to covid. Sold when the stock was flatlining around +$95. As vix creeped up AMZN slid down $20 to +$75. Bought 12/18 3,160 calls. 

That was going to be it. Just looking for another mini climb due to covid, lockdown, holidays. Figure it’s a safe haven now.
Nancy has a dong?
315
U know what sub this is right?
Didn’t even vote for him u clown, just not sucking china  dick
[removed]
Are you me??? I am already in PLTR 11/20P
Please standby, 1-877-CASH-NOW
I know. The whole point is to find someone who's been manipulated more than me to hold these bags before the music stops.
this boomer on cnbc has got to be the worst 'tv personality' on the channel
[deleted]
NIO gang,how we feeling this morning?
BAN. 



but also true
ZMs doing that little dip to psych bulls out before rocketing to Pluto
Do tell
[removed]
Major healthcare conference next week (18th). Pumping all the way to approval
[deleted]
Hmmm no I don’t think that’s the case either. Dumb and lazy people don’t become Project Managers at one of the largest companies in the world making over 6 figs with dope ass benefits and stonk options... your logic is still flawed
Did you even bother to read the paragraph following the one you just read? Fucking attention of a goldfish I swear to God, you just made yourself look even more retarded.

Also from their website, following the paragraph you just pasted
"2) With a cash account, only settled funds can be used for day trading. For example, if you have $1,000 settled funds, you can make five day trades for $200 each, or you can use all the money for just one day trade. When you run out with settled funds, you are no longer eligible for day trading. If you insist to buy stocks with unsettled funds and sell them out before (T+2) settlement, you will trigger GFVs."
Trolling or serious?
1DTE Good Luck
369.420

420.69
https://www.google.com/amp/s/finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/xpeng-reports-third-quarter-2020-090000477.html
Something something my calls are fukt
Hello I'm here for the market crash? Anyone? No?
[removed]
Only funds tied up is the debit you pay, that's the most you can lose unless you close a one leg earlier than the other
More like this weird strain of evangelical christianity in the late 20th century that thought bar codes and shit were literally the Mark of the Beast lol.
Is there any way to get back in on this? After earning dip? I have shares but want more and some longer options.
[deleted]
I'm hoping for a flat day, that's when we get meme stocks trending with tons of volume... NIO baby let's go
Just at their EPS estimates v. actual. I do see all the YoY growth
thanks, got some zm debit spreads.
Oh fuckkk I see what you're saying. Yea I guess only the CEO of one of the largest drug companies could have guessed that a drug company would have developed a vaccine during a pandemic. It's not like anyone could have seen those filings back in August and predicted that Pfizer would make an announcement approx 1-2 days before the CEO sells 60%+ of his shares. What a bunch of fucking cucks!
I have to agree, 1/21 $15P are cheap
got my NIO calls priced in for 11/20
Buying 1dte puts at open
[deleted]
When does NICE go up? I saw a comment on here saying to buy it so I said to myself “hur hur okay.” Hoping the reptilian brain pays off on this one.
Guh-reen by open??
I DH weekly calls thats how little I care about 💰 Although thats been my main strategy for like 5 years now.
I like people who weren’t impeached.
Nah, they usually just pop up 20% in the opposite direction. 

These earnings are gonna have big moves anyway.
Ha, no real knowledge of RH, just of the "Professional" designation.  I was tagged with this for one quarter a while ago.  I was still allowed to trade with my clearing firm, but had to pay the extra exchange fees.  Not only that, but many orders went unfilled as MM's can see this designation and won't trade with you.  I now carefully track my orders so I don't go over.
21.5 11/20 p will print today..
Isn't it the same as whipped?
[removed]
Nancy pelosi kinda got a donk
Palantir only goes up you fool
I honestly dont know what to do. I should sleep I guess.
What are you doing step-broker?
Looks like Richard Simmons
FSLR and PLTR have made me rich
This guy's got it.  I went to law school.
21.5 11/20 p will print today..
I'm going to ask my wife bf to cosign a loan for me and yolo it.
From their website> it’s the same as everywhere else... stop shilling that lame ass/most likely and exit scam platform

“With the net account value no less than $25,000, you have unlimited access to day trading. For an account below $25,000, you can make 3 day trades within 5 successive business days. Your remaining day trades will be automatically counted and displayed in the Home tab.”
[removed]
In a market like this you can make your money back, you can also lose it. I cut my losses with WMT and made the money back 2x over rather than waiting for it to do something.
You are losing because of IV crush
NDX going green, that means I’m getting assigned if there’s no rug pull between now and Friday at close.
Might buy precious metals. NGL if dad was buying gold and even silver before the mid 2000s he's done pretty damn well.
I dont like this fade 😑
it’s good, watch with your fat dog
There’s gonna be fomo into it / Cramer mentioned on mad money / PE of 10 when they’re the local drug store / gonna be providing vaccines of sorts. But I’m sure you’ll be good too I’m buying in at eod / hopefully around 65
Holy holy holly, 🌈🐻 almighty
Someones gotta pay for their retirement and it aint the SPY 500
I appreciate your liquidity
Ur a pussy
For 30k you couldve just bought a leap. Why trade weeklies/monthlies when you have the capital to play it safe
They’re going to crush earnings
Lol funny
I bought in at 15 and it dropped to 13 for a short time. I lost my nerve and sold at a loss.

Learned a lesson from that one 🤦‍♂️
Except this market has never cared about death rates. If anything more deaths means more liquidity from JPow and his Epson. Bears getting their hopes up for nothing.
Ok so to make money, all you have to do is inverse me. 

I’m playing PLTR and Cisco earnings tonight. 

11/13 PLTR 13P 

11/13 CSCO 36P.

I’m literally showing you how to make free money. If you are on the same side, good luck. 

Only earnings I’ve won this quarter out of the 8 I played is fucking Google.
I got a $50 11/13 nio lol
“By the end of the month”
Tell that to my gains.
Ridin' dirty
Right it’s like damn, do I really have to concede though?
[deleted]
Why didnt you buy it the last week and a half when it was vertical?
[deleted]
Unholy red day today
cashed out GM the other day for 800 profit (My acct is only 8 days old, 500 put in, on a lark) and immediately bought another Call for next week (11/20) at 45.

&#x200B;

promptly sitting 300 red and going down lul
This is my plan too
Nio EVs look 10x sexier than Teslas. Enjoy your white trash looking hoopdie.
Must have printed through a ream to get this shot.  Wish I thought of it first.
So what I've gathered is she had the biggest tits, cut them off (or reduced them), but still has big nice tits.

I really should have masturbated in the shower earlier.   Work frowns on that sort of thing.
Last time i bought $500 sold it for $2000. When it got to the top my position is worth 13k. So i suggest holding your position.
Ok mr.china
I might buy a couple of puts depending on what the iv is
3030 was the indicator
Those smaller banks all have money to place and I'm sure they all put in a floor on their loans because LIBOR is way too low for them to make any money otherwise.
im just shares and selling options.
212 gave me a free SPCE share. To the moon...
[removed]
Anyone else think BA is going to continue sinking today?
[deleted]
I got 3150 calls expiring tomorrow, its pretty risky but possible.
It’s not due out  for another week, no?
r/jerkofftocelebs
[deleted]
[deleted]
No you don't lmfao. Use a cash account you can day trade as much as you want as long as the funds are settled dumbass, which usually happens within a day.
There have been some swings intraday. Monday we had a big sell off to start the day then melted back up. Made quick tendies with playing DOCU and PayPal.
Lolll
Still bagholding, don't know if I should sell or keep...
Secretly I look at every Chinese company on the stock market as a potential new Luckin Coffee; cooking books as much as they dare.
They were 342.5% higher than the same time last year, where did you look?
You have a 0 day expiry. Probably melting in value already. For 0 day gotta go in the money or risk seriously losing it. 

My AMZN calls were purchased at the money. I don’t like going too far out
Is there any remote chance the moderna news will be negative? Wanna keep riding these zm calls
CEO insider knows that months from now they will have a product they can fluff up to have the stock price explode, so he schedules his stock sale as planned to be legally covered. tee hee
just like the bikes
[removed]
Smooth brain = less friction on the rocket to the moon.
THESE are the days
Don't listen to these idiots. I would say common sense would say it's going to go down after earnings but sense is not common with this stock. I would not be surprised at all if you hit 47 today. 

I watch that chart almost all day every day.
If you have quick hands and good timing EDRY, super low float, is up over 100% ah/pm. Shipper pump and dump season may be starting.
Webull is fucking trash. How in the fuck can you day trade till your hearts content? You still gotta have 25k in your account. And why the fuck you always shilling webull?
Fuck that, there is a vaccine coming. I went $150k into DIS calls.
Last time i fucked a bears wife i got paid in spaghetti, no thanks ill just beat it
Nice
Listening to politician's promises? Whose the retard now?
Ha ha hot girl go brrrrr
Jacked Nicholas
Damn this XPEV CC sound like some CCP anthem
He's good, but I thinking trying to smash the ball is going to get him in trouble at Augusta. DJ and JT are my top 2 to win
Imagine wanting people to lose billions so you can make like $400.
Sell calls against it for some cash, use that cash to buy puts if you feel like inversing yourself
Aha, confusing, just like futures trading!
Ahh the most vanilla of sex
Some dipshit with rcl monthlies downvoted you but you’re right.

Even if this one is perfect and approved, general public not getting it till late next year
I still think CCL goes below $14
What is a good pre market gain for a good day?
That retarded stock can run to 500 tomorrow
Lmao dafuk??? He will have over a trillion in profit if it hits 100,000 per share
That’s some 200 IQ shit right they’re.
🌈🐻 reporting for duty
I like
So if i read it they say they will release data. Doesn’t mean it’s good data. 

What am I missing?
Everyday.  Futes red, go to bed, wake up check futes.......guh.  Rinse and repeat.
 2-3 weeks out
Absolutely 👌
Cmon AMD
I got in at $24, but now that you retards are getting involved its definitely going to crash
I hope poor people #s beat expectations so we can moon 🤡
8 unit sales. Heading to $8/share
NYC locked down
Uggh, you may be right. But this is stressful.
That was the biggest cuck of my life seeing it at 271
no problem, different market group
Pinduoduo Q3 EPS $0.05 Beats $(0.17) Estimate, Sales $2.09B Beat $1.86B Estimate

11/12/20, 12:56 PM
November 12, 2020 06:56 AM ET (BZ Newswire) -- Earnings

Pinduoduo (NASDAQ:PDD) reported quarterly earnings of $0.05 per share which beat the analyst consensus estimate of $(0.17) by 129.41 percent. This is a 125 percent increase over losses of $(0.20) per share from the same period last year. The company reported quarterly sales of $2.09 billion which beat the analyst consensus estimate of $1.86 billion by 12.53 percent. This is a 99.14 percent increase over sales of $1.05 billion the same period last year.

Copyright © 2020 Benzinga (BZ Newswire, http://www.benzinga.com/licensing). Benzinga does not provide investmentadvice. All rights reserved. Write to editorial@benzinga.com with any questions about this content. Subscribe to Benzinga Pro (http://pro.benzinga.com).

© 2020 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Now I'm more confused
You’ve gotta realise “oooooo he simpin” sounds better than “he do be under the boot”
Im about to buy cvs heavily and so are many people goodluck
On WSB?  Not a chance they know the difference.
Don't forget to flair yourself 'has cleen poosey'
Had?
[deleted]
Isn’t that a bad move? Won’t IV eat you alive?
\#7 now. If you are GME Gang, do your part and go download it!
Let it ride bb
If there is a second lock down should we be buying calls for ZM 3-5 months out?
Not the biggest but they're very nice
r/smallstreetbets
You still have 1756 to lose.
Next week
[deleted]
If PDD get to 130s from 20 in a year. NIO better do the same
They already are expanded
Positions bitch
[deleted]
Switch to WeBull bro day trade to your hearts content
Mine expires tomorrow, what should I do?
I'm selling my ITM calls, and buying 1dte calls with some of the profit. Earnings are looking really positive.
I did that too when I barley woke up and lost like 300+ ajs idk why I did that in the morning
Its all elon, he spreads wealth between companies
I mean he did win the US open this year
Banned
Expand on this
Got him in my pool, let's go!
What age your price targets for SPY EOY, EONY?
I hate the guy but he did win the NCAA and US Amateur in the same year, which no one does except tiger and jack. And won 5 times in his first two seasons on tour - all before the long ball shit. So yes, he’s good
May just close AMZN at open. Even though I believe it in strongly. 

It’s just that I threw like $30k on the trade and it’s a bit outside my risk tolerance for a one month expiry. I try not to go over 10k typically
Also if there is another vaccine boomer rotation into value. Go hard into tech autismo brothers. Distribution for this shit is going to take 15-20 months assuming no mutations. We will kang gang. Remember take profits in this BS environment
Link? 

I  see scheduled Nov 13
There's a line between endearing retard and cringe middle schooler, wsb ought to stay on the former side of things
Hey but you also gained a good life skill
What does your girlfriends pussy have to do with making money and Warren Buffett?
Alexandra daddario has the biggest tits
Need 2% downies day plz
The word Simp has actually existed long before it got popular, in Russia one would be called Подкаблучник, meaning "under the boot".
His set up with the stiff arms gives me the willy's, but it seems to work for him.
Lol
i didn't say i was doing it.  the guy asked for a play you fucking retard
Secret
Right?  People are likely going to be getting vaccinated as soon as Jan-Feb but everyone still loading up on ZM and PLTN.
It's just cruel after last night honestly, and the jobs report comes in 45.
Baba stop fading 😐
Vyvanse is so fucking strong. I take it and I can barely eat the entire day. It works so well for my software sales job, I am almost at my quota and I just started.
He won the U.S. Open. He’s the real deal. He is well rounded and has good putting. Only downside is he plays very slow and can be a drama queen when things go south.
Draw two lines to make a range on the chart.  Buy at the bottom of the range
Seriously? No I didn’t hear
They’re releasing today?
>who decides when the news gets published? the CEO.

SEC filings ... Are... Published.. by law. 

>so what reverse insider trading is now legal or what?

What the fuck is that? Reverse racism's retarded cousin?
The cities are running normally now retard. You are brain dead if you think there are many cases in the big cities. It is irrelevant if you live in CA/NY, do you have friends who are in Asia right now? It has returned to normal while USA is in a complete shithole. It is impossible to hide the cases anymore, there are hundreds of thousands of foreigners living there.

CCP censors a lot of shit, and they are also effective at enforcing lockdowns, which includes letting the infected die and not letting anyone get out.
We’ll find out next time on Dragonball-Z!
So you were the one that DOCUCKED me
If the market is really seeing a paradigm shift towards higher PEs, 200-300 by Spring
If you're serious and no longer have play money to lose them unsubscribe from these subreddits and move into index funds only. Its slow and steady but the risk/reward is likely more appropriate
u/visionarymind
i recently switched back to adderall from vyvanse

vyvanse is slightly gentler, it doesn't wake me up as hard and doesn't lock you into a tunnel as forcefully

wasn't cutting it
Well maybe dad paid the other 60k
I just read ccl looking to do an offering makes sense since the stock has jumped on vaccine news and they need the cash is it too late to do puts?
lockdown will boost tech again, not the same as march
🤡
Yikes... it’s retarded

Edit: PSHZF trades at like a 25% discount to its NAV hth
Jd set a record for single's day in China, and its already been said Alibaba is gonna be the most affected by those laws
More like if they have numbers in their flairs they responded to a politics comment :(
So you’re saying if it goes slightly above the break even price point, I should sell and reposition to a longer contract?
Gotta love that CNBC joe Biden lockdown nonsense shit. Who bought puts. So we get a big ass red day followed by a rally Friday because Biden says that’s false. Markets aren’t manipulated at all 👌🏻
I bought $30 1/15 calls when it was trading at $15 a few months ago.

I may not be original, but I'm gonna be filthy rich
ATM 60 days out
Holy PDD
What does CC mean?
That's indian Tinder
Another legend gone
Moderna Vaccine Pump incoming today
60c April/21
SpaceX isn't Tesla. I don't think Neuralink is.  The Boring Company isn't either.
Bulls are already fucking your wife
hold right through earnings, xpev boosted off of their ER i expect the same for NIO
12/03 $50
Possibly in short bursts. I think the panic will be bigger this winter, and will be amplified by the US government starting in Jan to try to lockdown to prevent inauguration parties
This happens every day
OG s were bellow 10$. You are the dumb money
That pretty much wraps up the whole banking system. Its only fraud when the people do it.
In February
11/13 50c
Why is none talking about FPRX. will it moon again today?
Masters week
That's a hot potato I wouldn't touch. AMZN is a beast, but you're talking a time frame where a vaccine may be getting mass distributed. A good vaccine result rattled tech this week. An FDA approved vaccine will slam it again.

Unless your plan is to buy and then sell at the next pump which could happen over the next couple months as we wait for an approved vaccine.

I think 3700c in July is a great target if you think a mass distributed vaccine won't be around yet, but it'll be a pipe dream if the vaccine comes out before then. Tech had a hell of a run up until September, and then the big tech earnings reports at October couldn't lift it back to 3500.

Another bearish consideration is any legislation drawn up to address big tech. That's something with bipartisan support, though the way to address it is not. If Dems win both runoffs in GA then Dems will have House/Senate/POTUS.

I just don't see a middle ground. Think that position either smashes (no vaccine by then, GOP retains Senate) or will get deflated.
More reliable than TA.
Its not dead just don't hold through earnings
Masters starts today. Jacked to the tits - go Xander
Long $PHUB
[deleted]
Which sub?
Ummm it’s probably gonna go red at open then maybe moonshot
🥺
Got 3k to drop on NIO calls, but no day trades left, whats the safe strike and exp
U want a trophy or some shit
[removed]
NET GANG
Ok Bulls. I'll make you a deal.

Let us drill for first 15 minutes. Then you can have the rest of the day.

I'll also let you fuck my wife.

Deal , deal, please? I did that dumb thing where I over leveraged my account because I was really feeling the market
Who else is bracing for a bigger rotation into stay-at-home plays?
Only because the politicians couldnt work out more stimulus. More lockdowns + comprehensive stimulus and we'd be on track for an actual recovery.
[deleted]
Lmk how negative your portfolio goes today
[deleted]
You play with the CCP, they CYPP (cuck ya pee pee)
Not a bad idea. You know someone gonna come back positive. But will vaccine news overide the panic?
I think regionals still good. As a personal anecdote, a friends family owns a chain or grocery stores near me and are taking advantage of rates to expand. Breaking ground on 3 new stores, minimum $7-10 mil buildout each. Smaller banks all on board
Looks like you all had puts.
By becoming a lawyer.
Top notch dd, definitely must be true.
I mean.......
Assuming you mean RKT... the housing market is fragile... we're going to see evictions and foreclosures.... landlords have been devastated by the lockdowns. shit is about to his the proverbial fan
If you got in NIO after $28 then you're a follower and not real. I got in at 26.30 after hearing some hype so that makes me original and real as fuck. Aaha
Macro news will affect before earnings. Everyone knew XPEV had earnings this week and it was down huge on Monday. Take that for whatever it’s worth
Charlies boswich sure looks different than I remembered him as bp.
Double down motherfucker. 

Refinance your home and YOLO options
Covid cases are up. Doomers on the radio this morning. Lockdown 2 when?
What’s cc
Stop fading JD pls
Why tho?
Why are you buying for next week if you're just going to sell it EOD today? Earnings are at 5pm.
[deleted]
>Have you ever heard of SEC filings?

yes we have all seen the lovely NKLA SEC filings "we are selling 80mil shares, and moth later another investor will dump 150mil shares, just come and buy the stock morons"

SEC: everything is fine, tee hee
It’s me, the loser. 12.5c 11/20 gang
market will look past it
True
[deleted]
$HYLN 💀
[deleted]
i like to believe this is true and don't focus on any other possible reality where it isn't
Another day of buying BABA leaps calls and never fucking selling
Watch who's in Congress
Lollers
Yep. I don't know how else to analyze TSLA other than swing trade it. And 420 seems to be the pivot...
Reyarded
Jan 21st new prez puts America back in Paris Climate Agreement. Sell just before that.
Maybe the judge is also a retard
You can’t use margin to sell puts on Robinhood and is so dumb!
as long as it's big and black I'm cool with it
Ahhhh you see I am only a standard customer.  Thanks for the input
Which is how many over how long?
You remind me of a foster child
Green = 🦠
Bought and sold for a nice 5 bagger, didn’t wanna hold in this chop shop
[deleted]
Puts on cruises too obvious? Good bump to short from the vaccine news, first cruise in the Caribbean is returning to port due to Rona
That’s just Dom getting roasted live, per usual
Sending pump juice
ZM dump i go in
He lost it and now only hangs out in another sub
The uprising, of course
Meme stonks
Where you pulling volume data from?
Thanks. With this sort of insight Ill be retired in no time.
Lmaoooo quite the opposite - if anything my state has one of the most international connections. 

China censors everything. They control what goes out and what comes in their country. Inclusive of imprisoning reporters that give any negative slight towards CCP. 

All I said is that China lies and manipulates everything. Those are facts
Stop caring about what Internet randos think of you man. r/howtonotgiveafuck
IV is way too high
PTON holding its position
not as good as XPEV
Legit my first time making calls in 1.5 years of trading. Watch me fuck it up for the memes
Almost never
I think this is good
Yeesh, you really do belong here. Enjoy the green skys, bud.
Kinda have to though, that seems to be where most of the movement has been lately, no?
interested as well
I think vix will stay low, but stocks will be flattish all year
Stay away
What’s CNBC hinting at with green pocket squares?
Mcdonalds always taking new burger flippers
I swear someone called out FPRX. Hope you made a bag.
They’ve had dozens of cruises in Europe and Asia. What’s your reading comprehension level?

In fact this exact cruise line didn’t have one case during their entire Nordic sailing season this summer

Meanwhile since they’re a small cruise line they don’t follow the new safety protocols...

But sure they detected one case. FREAK OUT
UUUU to the fucking moon.. uranium gang!
His style murders some courses, but can be a risk on others. The way I’ve heard him described is he’s the first long ball monster with an *average* short game, which turns out is plenty good enough to win tour events by 10 strokes.
I somewhat disagree. Lockdowns are almost certainly necessary to flatten the curve and we should do everything we can to do that. But at least in the US, they’ve wrecked the economy. Yes, the stock market did an amazing recovery from March, but the stock market is not the economy. 

People have lost jobs. Businesses have shuttered and won’t be coming back. Some are just barely hanging on right now. If we go through lockdowns again and have no plan for taking care of those folks, we are fucked. And it’ll hit the market again and I don’t think we’ll see a V shaped recovery next time.
[deleted]
Still worth going long on the banks or did they run too high too fast?
Yeah it’s limited. I was thinking about just getting a stock model and selling it when the 16 comes out.
Where’s the guy with a PhD in emojis?
Nice
$15s 💀
Bears don’t die, they hibernate until bad news wakes them up
My price target is easily $420 the moment papa Elon opened his big mouth
Real deal.
Let's hope so.
G.B.O.
what is the deal with raising guidance? Is there anyway to know they arent just bullshitting?
Can buy more if it keeps rocketing like a retard today too.
how’s HYLN doing after reported earnings?
Need some fear mongering on CNBC for my zoom calls
It'll go red on Friday, and run up till then
Green new deal won’t be passed before April 2021, also, se nate is red
The gay bears holocaust
[deleted]
Why?
Yeah and it’s not like Dem states are the main movers of the economy or anything. Especially not the hardcore blue states like NY and Cali
EV sell off before XPEV CC
Because it’s down 50 cents after a $3 run yesterday?? PLUG is 🔥
[deleted]
First major cruse ship out and they already have a covid case. I can’t believe how stupid people are buying the travel stocks considering we have months before the so called “vaccine” is ready. People who trade are so short sighted.
RIP
well they're not really wrong on the immoral bit
Bears just can't catch a break
[deleted]
Going to rise into flat at open, people are going to buy calls and then get fucked by 10am. Mark my words. I’ve been wrong all week so it’s about time I get one right.
Sounds a plan
if we get FOMO strength, this can achieve TSLA retardation levels
Bah gawd NIO no
47 today
Meta Reddit?  Hardcore.
$69
Like I can afford a doctor.
No..bear call credit spreads to take advantage of collapsing iv🧠
Yeah I wish I averaged down on Tuesday. I cashed out of some stale positions and bought Zoom calls (3 430c for ~ 1k per) on Monday. Dipped more Tuesday and figured I'd eat my losses. Looking like I may escape at least breaking even.
Keep it looose
Don’t see it dipping at all today it’s dipped the past 2 days
As usual
You right playa.
Yes they have; 30 year rates are up almost 10% from their lows per your own link.  

Now, look at the 10 year Treasury rates which the 30 year mortgage is based off of; they are up from 0.5% during the summer, up to 0.94% now.  

[Article from CNBC re; the mortage market](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/11/mortgage-demand-from-homebuyers-drops-to-lowest-level-in-6-months.html)  

>Refinance demand may already be under pressure, however, as mortgage rates bounced decidedly higher since news organizations called the presidential election for Joe Biden. The average on the 30-year fixed is up 12 basis points since Friday, according to Mortgage News Daily, which monitors rates daily.
100 before 2021
I come from money. We definetly have it easier than everyone who have to work. I have a few cousins who didn't even finish high school or worked and they are most likely wealthier than every doctors and most business owner their age. You can always compare yourself to your past self and try to your personal condition. But when you are comparing yourself with others peoples, you have to be aware that some of us can be a lot wealthier even if we don't have your drive or talents.
I bagheld it for almost ten years lol
Zoomers skip breakfast. Not even joking argument wise. Anecdotally it's due to that reason. I eat cereal when watching shows but that's me.
If this currently holds through open you absolutely killed this YOLO.
Sheeple
Time to get out of PLUG? Unplugged?
[removed]
And Justin Bieber. You're welcome.
Long on steroids
Is NIO dipping at open and then skyrocketing at 1030?
Of course and I only get my facts from ask jeeves
wow so ULTA stores inside Target, that'll fuck ELF real good.
It turned down 10% yesterday, regained all losses, gained a few percent and kept going up after hours. Earnings call is coming up in less than a week. It will most likely continue to climb on speculation of earnings. 

Good possibility it will have a downward correction as people realize their gains before earnings and paper hand that shit. 

Myself? Diamond hands all the way baby. 

Are you willing to loose the premium? Diamond hand it for a big possible payout. Or sell it to lock in gains. Or roll the dice for an explosion after earnings. However.... Unless they come out with great news I think earnings is already priced in. I don't think share price target forecasts are priced in yet but earnings probably is.
You can believe in science without having to believe China, bud.
Bulls, downvoting bears won't help to get back your 10$
Realistically how high can NIO go?
GOTT JAAA! Mein Hass für Berlin sitzt so tief, dass es an manchen Tagen die einzige Konstante in meiner Persönlichkeit ist.
It didn't go down during Mango's tenure; you think it will during Biden's?

ICLN 24c 4/16
Good luck
What the hell happened to RKT? Do I need to worry about 11/20 call?
Edit: letters are hard
Ok tough guy
Earnings coming up so it'll have a good run till Monday at least
Might work, but you're late to the party.  That being said, what kinda loser shows up early to a party?
😅
I've been waiting for weeks now but my patience will be rewarded
I too hate coming to a sub about stocks and seeing posts about the most popular stock. Absolute worst
Good idea. Whose alt am I?
Guarantee you are a retard from a shit hole state who has no international connections.

It's not like there are hundreds of thousands of American expats in major cities in Asia right? They must be hiding outbreaks! Masks don't work! 

🤡
CC hasn’t even happened yet
XPEV is electric vehicles, PDD is Groupon/retail
Sup trust fund douche 🙏🏼
Just start handing out winning plays.
Do you even Netscape bruh?
They go up
🌈🐻 lurky
Hahaha me too.. but I was just commenting on how people still don’t know how to spell (f)maggot
[deleted]
It's just mooning like it usually does after it has a few negative days
Doesnt matter,  ill scalp these puts for tendies today😋
Little butch bears got sad and downvoted the shit outta my comment saying I have apple and nio calls. Hope you enjoyed your -.3 futures last night because it’s time for the bulls to feast. Hope your fukin asshole is lubed fully and ready for the HUGE shrek cock that it is about to be rocketed into it just like my nio calls. Nio to $75 EOW and Apple to $150 EOW. Fuk all bears.
Nobody in China actually has the money to buy an EV or any space to park one
who else bought ZM calls at the bottom $380???
I think government will give stimmy if they force lockdowns. Or else economy tanks
I think it was even proven. I don’t feel like digging for the data, but I remember at one point they were only reporting serious cases that required hospitalization.
Should have held my NIO weeklies smh
Read this in the Afrikaans accent of that psycho special ops guy from Elysium
I did a double take... how did you screen record my account?
Protective puts....

If you own shares, for fucks sake buy a protective put and sell covered calls. 

Unless you're down to ride or die with a corporation.   I'm not.
[deleted]
🙌🤑
Slow melt up until 830 when slightly better job report data is released and we trade flat all day
1 contract NIO 01/2023 65c costs $1900, not $19 ($19 per share X 100 shares). Right?

I don't understand where your $0.19 comes from
I'm so confused.

Anyway, I'll keep studying and messing with sim account for understanding leaps.

My real money account is doing really well just trading long shares
Is Bryson Dechambeau really good? Or is it all hype because of his drive game? Drive for show, putt for dough.
As if anyone in this sub can last longer than one tick
What do all these companies do? XPEV PDD
Link? I’m pretty sure ER is in 30 min
To the moon today after XPEV earnings.
Market rotation into EV
Then don’t frequent this thread retard?
There’s a place in France where the naked ladies dance
ICLN thoughts? 🤔
EVs dumping what the fuck??
The way things stand right now, even if that were to be the case, would-be theta gang are still gonna yap about it until COVID-69
Bro this is reddit. That's like asking some people to stop breathing.
Neuralink is straight up cyborg shit, it's gunna be epic.
Why?
[deleted]
Fibonacci spiral ... pump and dump, rinse and repeat (only bigger), then yolo OTM. Got it.
As someone who owns some mememobiles, insurance and maintenance add up pretty quick.
My comment is strictly about believing what China tells you. Hot take: they lie
Lol
They smell the blood in the air
NAT 🤑😉
[removed]
Apple isn’t even gonna do bad
Volume on Chinese EVs is gonna be INSANE
Yes
The iv on those is going to be insane
You’re just tired of having dirdy poosey lol 

But in seriousness, it makes sense
6900
FFS... You can trade option 24/7 on Robinhood
how u like vyvanse compared to adderall?  
IDK if my adderall is cutting it anymore
Ohhhhhh k pal
Disgusting
Trading SE, but I should proba ly trade JD too.
Hahahahaha my tech calls are up retard bear. Trriple top!!
[deleted]
F
Fuck yeah zoom!
all in tech stocks
30 min til XPEV CC
All their cities are running normally now. That's what happens after authoritarian style lockdowns. 

You are retarded.
It usually starts at the senior levels of finance and works its way down. Like when was the last time a bunch of wsb autist destroyed the us economy betting in the housing market
CVS worth much more than what its priced at. Just doesn't get any love because people see it as just retail
Is this where I come to cheer stock tickers?
The m1 can only have 16 gigs of ram and you can’t update it. I was stoked for it too but that’s a dealbreaker for me so I’m jus gonna max out an intel
[deleted]
Too many bears here today. What happened?
Yeah I’m at 15 so I’m ok I suppose but I’ll probably get out before eod. But then again I might exercise a couple of my calls. I really don’t know what to do haha
[deleted]
Opinion on PLTR? Thinking Nov 20 $17 call. 45 delta to 9 theta.  Getting in Morning dip, getting out before earnings.
Berlin ist der Fliesentisch Deutschlands. Es ist das für Deutschland, was Griechenland für die Europäische Union ist und hätte Berlin eine offene Kloake, wäre es das Rumänien Deutschlands. Berlin ist ein Schandfleck, der Pickel am Arsche Deutschlands. Berlin ist der Typ der ohne Einladung auf deine Party kommt, noch nicht mal Alkohol mitbringt und auch nicht versteht dass er nicht erwünscht ist wenn man ihm ein paar Zähne aus dem Gesicht klopft und die Treppe runterwirft. Berlin ist das Detroit Deutschlands und gehört für 200 Złoty an Polen verkauft.
Bruh, they just banned testing. Numbers cant go up if no tests.
Dude I despise NIO posts. But god damn make some money off it in the meantime. Thing is always down at open then melts up the rest of the day. Hold some puts to hedge if your worried. I’m in and out each day and have not profited just once
Boy let me tell you about a little ticker called $TSLA.
Everyone better pray these xpeng earnings don’t suck in 30 minutes... if they don’t, I’m loading up on NIO calls Monday.
I mean yeah if we seal the sick inside their homes with steel plates I guess that would work.
Yeah no fucking way they have like 30 something cases a day. On that note, no way India doesn’t have way more than the US
I take mine at 530am, any later I can’t go to bed untill 11pm.  Make sure to take on an empty stomach
Lol
Yeah, I have a Jan 2022 10c leap I might let ride, but I'm closing all of my other calls at some point. It's gone too high too fast. A big beat is more than priced in.
He is a good guy. I’d make you take me to dinner once a month and walkout when the bill came lol
NIO 11/20 $38 P 😉
I had a friend who's cat was stolen at a house party and the dude showed up the next day and apologized and said he was on Vyvanse and he needed to save the cat.
Nio should cancel out the aapl
I’ve got calls at 12.5 so I’m already safe, but boy am i going to regret it if earnings take a chunk
[deleted]
accurate view
Lol who actually believes Gyna
genius idea to buy options right before er
Just woke up to a loud crash in my room from something falling off my shelf. Must be a sign to buy poots today.
..and it's red.
Do you think before you speak
[deleted]
Take your profit and throw the dice again. You've seen people post epic profits that end up -99% cos they held too long, don't be like them!
As long as it stays that high you’re good. Just get out before earnings
Let’s just keep calm and not jinx ourselves hopefully this bitch will rip today
A lot more people in China and a lot more generational wealth recently. In major cities in the USA (and Canada) kids from wealthy Chinese families are driving lambos, GTRs, and G-wagons.
It was up a dollar a few hours ago, so it’s kind of dipping now
I thought most economists have a high opinion of how the (Bernanke) Fed handled the 2008 recovery. Ik the recovery was slow, but they still managed to avoid something worse like the Great Depression. After a while, wasnt employment and markets improving until covid? Greenspan was responsible, so I admit that I did give a bit too much credit. Ive read somewhere that the US typically manage financial crises pretty well compared to other countries so I was feeling optimistic. Im still bullish in the long run tho. Btw chill lol, ik its wsb but still lmao
[removed]
Does this mean my 17c 11/20 is dead in the water. I need $17.95 to break even.
Neuralink and that space thing they doing are pretty cool too. Like. More than 20 tril kewl
70 million
Hopefully that helps them. A bunch of GameStop's have been closing in my area
I hope NIO trades flat the rest of the year. I have no positions I’m just tired of you morons constantly screaming about it
I know, haha I’m watching it like a hawk too
Fading a bit, but it’ll have a good run today. Don’t forget to take  some profits in case of a tank tonight.
[deleted]
I’ve been a bullish long term investor but I’m going all cash today. There is WAY more downside pressure (delayed stimulus, record covid, mango not conceding) vs vaccine hopes on the upside that looks to be an early spring distribution. 

Good luck all but I’m confident I’ll be able to buy 15-20% lower in a few weeks time.
PLTR puts EOD
If you had to ask here, don't
Zoom could have another crazy day with these Covid cases and lockdowns
these retards will screech about anything
Bears don’t get excited gonna be a flat open
Bruh any u guys take Vyvanse? I legit wakeup at 5:30 and cant fall back asleep
And wash when you buy that shit back further increasing your loss as the cycle goes on
What about .56?
They just reported
First cruise back on the water and they already have a covid positive person on the ship. I hope they packed for a while. I don’t believe markets have proved in another lockdown. We need it to flatten the curve. I would run from Entertainment, Airlines and travel stock. Rotate back into tech or cash. I believe the bond market is the Canary in the coal mine.
Spy puts at 1259pm yesterday. I'm readyyyy
Up 400% on the year but was at 900% in September and fading ever since 

Feelsbadman
Kinda sad to think NIO will probably be worth more than AMD soon. ...
Me with invisible crayons. TA doesn't matter in this kangaroo market
LETS GO PLTR
It didn’t post, still banned
LETS GO NIO!
Like i said yesterday afternoon

TDOC calls, CVS puts
My portfolio consists of nio and apple calls, how chillen am I today ?
Calls on spy, puts on dia
How can you trade overnight? What platform offers this? Seems like all of the good action happens overnight smh
pajama traders buying the dip
Dis da top
Bulls send me your energy!
I wonder if the same battery tech that Tesla uses to powers cars will eventually power planes. Tesla instantly becomes the richest company in the world. $10trillion market cap no problemo 🧐
How else do you afford a coke habit and private airplanes?
I’ve been holding the line all week now
Imagine selling nasdaq and going into cyclicals.
He’s like 2 years of mental decline away from actually saying these things
Looks like JD is gonna give me another good day. If you're not trading this stock idk what you're doing with your life
Everyone can... for free...
I originally bought XPEV at 23.15 and sold at 21.47. Paper fucking hands on that one, considering it’s at 36.41 now. Yeesh
Beside the fact that most of Europe makes fun of the USA since decades, the language is literally called English!
I'm not sure if you are joking or not but America is absolutly not the reason English is so popular. Most schools outside the USA and India teach British englisch.
MM’s creating this fake dip at open and then are going to pump it to try and trap some bulls. They need to get people to buy calls to offset all these puts they are going to have to pay out
Friend wanted to invest 10.000$ together in ETH in end of 2016. Talked him out of it. We invested in GoPro instead. He’s still my friend for some reason. Could have been 100.000.000
Can someone tell me if this posts? I got banned for three days for telling someone to “buy the dip maggot”...except with an F lol. Dumbest thing ever.
If they got numbers in their flairs, they can’t be trusted. 

Sus.
If you're still holding through earnings in 2020 I imagine you just started playing. Unless i'm looking at bad information, it looks like XPEV missed earnings by a factor of ~100%.
I mean you are probably right. Chances are bars, restaurants, gyms fully close again between now and spring
Insanely too expensive.
ER released, no its not
Isn't it tomorrow?
Futures with no ads
Another flat day incoming
I just adore every single retarded bear spamming futures all night long just for them to be green before open. 

You guys never fucking learn. Please fucking learn.
[deleted]
Lockdowns is all about hospital capacity. What anybody said they would and wouldn't do doesn't matter.

If hospitals are full then nobody can really say what's going to happen
I’m cock of the walk
[Never Fails](https://youtu.be/GI7sBsBHdCk)
4200
How is PLTR doing my guys
PDD up 22% after ER 

Chinese stocks are juiced
Bullish for tech yea
Pinduoduo (NASDAQ:PDD) reported quarterly earnings of $0.05 per share which beat the analyst consensus estimate of $(0.17) by 129.41 percent. This is a 125 percent increase over losses of $(0.20) per share from the same period last year. The company reported quarterly sales of $2.09 billion which beat the analyst consensus estimate of $1.86 billion by 12.53 percent. This is a 99.14 percent increase over sales of $1.05 billion the same period last year.

Copyright © Benzinga. All rights reserved.
tankers going U^(x)P^(ev)
What rugpull 🥴
Little bounce back up
I BUY CALLS WITH ERECT PP
dj has been on fire this year.. and koepka is healthy.  lets fucken go
What’s a good price to go long on Amazon for?  3700c July?
I went in yesterday, think its fine
They making flying cars so i buy
Let’s not get ahead of ourselves and call up .46 cents mooning..
lol @ people who hold VXX

It's a daily play thing. Not something you hold.
PDD WTF
Just giving tech room to run after it remembers it doesn't give a fuck about jobs reports either.
buy stocks, then you can do it also
Loose is correct, say with a mexican accent and it works out.
Theta gang AMD is too easy
[deleted]
Lol baba calls r literally free money right now
Barron: Are you winning dad?

🥭: My son pack your things. I just lost the house
8:30
BERS R FUK
So can you. I mean not on rh
True and fuck off with RH
[deleted]
This is the right comment
> Ted Cruz

Born in Alberta. Alberta. Of course
Five cabbages and 2 donkeys would never get u an ox.. atleast 10 cabbages a butter churner, 2 chickens and 3 donkeys for an ox
Sorry, but the uneducated are more likely to let the status quo continue as opposed to ones that are educated. That's states where 30-35% of population have a college degree vote for the Orange man. They're more susceptible to believing false information and putting their trust in demagogues.
*IV Crush intensifies*
830 est
To make it easier, just transfer 5k to my bank account and ask 98 other people to do the same. That'll save you the stress and disappointment :)
Fk i will short it with everything i had
Up 130%, I’ll probably sell at EOD tbh
The Chicago Bears traded up from Pick 3 to Pick 2 in the 2017 NFL draft to pick Mitch Trubisky instead of Patrick Mahomes or Deshaun Watson.
A block of dem governors following Biden’s lead is not that crazy of an idea.
This is the way to the way that this is
Holy fuck this sub is retarded. Have you ever heard of SEC filings?
Wait, I thought this sub was Pornhub?
That was the dip of the day
seems like fraud. they claim the average active user spends $300 a year there when the median disposable income in China is like under $20k a year.

pretty sure average annual spend on Amazon is like $500-$600.
Just to die again.
This is true, but I don't like what Murphy and Cuomo are doing in NJ and NY.  Restaurants and gyms were the last to open.  Now curfews are being implemented for them.  Could be a slow method to returning to lock downs.  Hopefully, I'm wrong.
You realize it’s ER isn’t until next week and XPEV reported good numbers today right?
May be less bullish without stimmies though

Edit: What am I thinking, this makes it actually more bullish
PLTR already mooning in pre market
Xpev going to tank 😖
[deleted]
Thanks man, appreciate that.
stocks?
Find an actual broker
isn't this what your supposed to do to avoid iv crush
I'm long tqqq, so I'm good .
You win
Retail gonna FOMO into tech at open before the rug pull 20 mins later.
looks like it leaked
I should try a couple hits of crack right before bed
Nah just not holding anything overnight unless I have a really good feeling about the move
Why are these mfs allowed to make moves pre market?
Wait why? What happened?
Should have*
Wait a second...lockdowns are bullish😳
Hope you have puts then
Just leave Amazon alone pls. Let it stay green so I can sell
I love roofie’ing myself
Any particular position worth grabbing?
They are about to be revived today
Even if I wanted to get back in on NIO 130+ IV doesn’t excite me
Apparently a 0.4% QQQ drop is a selloff according to WSB...drama queens
Imagine being poor and not having Bluetooth headphones
The market is down pre market because of this Cramer guy.

It's like he can control the market.

Does he work for the Fed?
But February is still coming
I need a PS5.
I swear every time I think nio is done it keeps going
1 like = 1 prayer for every bear that died this week.
Lissencephalic sons of bitches
PLUG down 2.5%, knew I should of sold yesterday 😫
Market is forward looking. Besides Biden doesn’t mandate lockdowns, governors do.
GIMP is absolute trash that has never been good. It's the prime example why Linux people can't be trusted with anything. 

Any half competent artist who doesn't need Adobes "professional" features has already made the switch to Clip Studio Paint.
And where’s batman?
Cause it’s overviews as fuck and without the other sectors operating tech is going to lose money
I feel personally  attacked
Nope. Here’s your check, 19 year old, hope you use it responsibly. Lol
Thanks bro. It was brutal
SPY opens green
BuT BiDen saYs loCkdoWns. 

Yea maybe in February you retards. It’s fucking November.
Lol Xanax is also more fun 😂😂
Oh I don’t have a clue what I’d do with one. They sound cool, but you’re probably right. Thanks for the input.
When does jobs data drop?
JD has been ranging from 80 to 88 for quite a while now.

Really disappointed I didn't add when it recently hit high 70s
DIS 11/13 150
Lockdown crash
That means 360 by lunch
[deleted]
The amount of energy and human capital we put into the market is astounding. We are the ferengi
oH nO
Hold on to your butts
Takes one to know one, normie
Comeback bb,I’ll change! You”ll see!
You like the tinest penis of them all because you are weird
Another dump in 3....2....1....0
$HYLN

https://investors.hyliion.com/news/news-details/2020/Hyliion-Reports-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results/default.aspx
 front page on NYT
Yolo Leaps...  SMH
.. and at that moment cousin Josh starts talking about his DeFi futures ...
It wouldn’t happen with a democratic senate either. The parties love to promise shit that they have no intent on delivering.
Been going strong and not mentioned in sub. Suddenly gets mentioned in sub and it's going to tank hard..
You're not allowed to make more money than me you dumb bitch.
That shit sucks if you still can't sleep though.  Feel groggy as shit the next day.  Zombie mode.
Literally has to go TITZ up
[deleted]
Jd.com>nio
Tech selling off wtf
Imagine those earning calls 😂 we’re up 10% year over year in our incest segment and took an impairment in our MILF intangibles
Kiss of death.
Covid cases/lockdown need to be a huge topic today
Ok username i dont recognize
$BOBS
Overpriced pos
Also yes
[deleted]
Nice username Dizzle
Loose butthole
I made an analysis of Raytheon and the 10 year potential is pretty good.
This is the way
If you hypothetically thought NIO would hit 300$+ by 2023 like some people do, then wouldn’t leaps and the value of them bought now make sense? In terms of how much more leverage you can get for a lower price?
Yeah buy high sell low
Bought some lotto tickets on HYLN. Standby for loss porn
345 EOD
Baba is cheap right now I would buy but not weeklies
LOL, what a bunch of bullshit this is.  Anyone else thinking of closing everything till this flatlining bullshit is over?
Low volume pump yesterday. High volume dump today.
So does Xanax
You are full of shit if your name ever shows up here again. C u
it's illegal to share this information sorry
[deleted]
[deleted]
look at pdd
AMZN +15 pre, gets mentioned on WSB..
Seconds later.. Aaaaaaaand it's red.
I would assume there'd be another big pump (based on the data) like we saw this past monday. This stock market is pretty irrational.
Nioooooooooooooo
Looks like this shit is fading fast
Is that what you cunts did to NIO yesterday? Almost dropped out cause of that. I actually dropped out cause I went SNE instead. You know, tech go brrr.
360 eod
Tis but a scratch
Oh no. That is so sad. Gonna miss u so much. Omg
If you need to do that yeah. Melatonin helps when you are changing your sleep schedule
My stonks depends on today's earnings. I mean everyone knows it's going to be shit. Everything will depend on the guidance
Feels good when you dump a shit penny stock like sundial, load it all up on JD feb and March calls when they are at the bottom, and it’s all thanks to some clown on WSB. Thank you clown, I’m forever in your debt
Missed by 100k. Screenshot this.
They took that part off his website. Now it’s more convoluted and only useful if you make less than like 25k or have an absurd amount of loans that could be forgiven after 20 years of payments.
Is it safe to buy baba now? Fucking jd shot up $5 already
Whoa
JKS nearly ruined me after I bought calls at the top. 

That is all I have to contribute
Bye 🅱️tard
[deleted]
Cnbc pumping rumors that Biden considering a lockdown
For real or your just guessing?
It's 7 am. Should I stay awake so I can fix my sleep schedule and be asleep by 10 pm tn
NIO just keeps going up 😂
fundamentals matter
Not the direction I was expecting.
Guys what happend to chimpu?
so you got done front and reverse. nice!
[deleted]
It’s funny seeing all these people project what they want Biden to be. This guy supported the prison industrial complex, NAFTA, Iraq war, Patriot Act, made it harder to discharge credit card and student loan debt. He’s not going to legalize weed, give you healthcare, or forgive your loans.
I gotcha, I don’t know much about them, just figured I’d ask. And yea I guess I meant pay for the service not actually buying the terminal.
Accomplishment of “scalability” is already priced in for TSLA. I have calls, but they are ITM. I’m hoping there is a little bit more of a pop up at open.
What exactly happened ? Why that big red candle came out of nowhere?
I might buy a few of these today. IV is so fucking high you almost need it to go to $30 before it’ll go itm lol
Sell puts you dummy
Later
AYO HOL UP
See you @ market open
I’m sure we will all be devastated
I fucked your mother trebek
[deleted]
whats the legality of it? I’m torn, if he suspects mal practice then I’m p sure our institutions allow for disputes. 

It’s all the surrounding context that makes it a weird bitter and resentful power play.. kinda scary in a way
If they were the 16 strike, thank you for the premium.
This sub dead. Seems like all the reddit normies have descended on it like locusts and now it's been hollowed out to a caricature of its former self. I'm out.
That’s my kinda red dildo after all the green ones I have taken!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa bullish tech
It’s going to be O.K.  Hug me
[deleted]
I am somewhat more invested in my Calcutta than the market today

Somewhat
Nooo stop selling. Fuuck!
Your portfolio
and mirrors. Really?
ah yea that'll be it
I really hope trump just wants to ruin everything and nukes China. We’ll see.
We are dumping because of the Rona, even though you all have been telling me all week that it doesn’t matter anymore. It matters again
We appear to be going down.
Except og tesla. Wtf!
Jobless claim leaked
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Stocks don’t have IV, but for the various options an option chain should show it.
Seeking Alpha, Motley fool, Marketwatch... Don't know which is worse
You're prob good to hold but still could get fucked. If it hits another 10% day I'd sell and buy back in after earnings.  Worst case is you miss out on some profits best case is you make money and get a better entry
Imagine being lost in the dessert and starving then you find that chinker ass tendy.
3.5%?
**Events in the US Today (EDT):**

* DAY - Wear a mask & socially distance <3
* 4:00am - IEA Monthly Report \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 8:30am - Initial Jobless Claims \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * Core CPI (MoM-Oct) \[3/3 Volatility\]
* 10:00am - The House meets (no voting until Monday)
* 10:15am - Pelosi & Schumer hold press availability
* 11:00am - Crude Oil Inventories \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * Cleveland CPI (MoM-Oct) \[1/3 Volatility\]
   * House Minority Leader holds weekly press conference
* 11:30am - 4&8 Week Bill Auctions \[1/3 Volatility\]
* 12:00p - 30 Year Bond Auction \[1/3 Volatility\]
   * Chicago Fed Pres. Evans Speaks \[1/3 Volatility\]
* 2:00pm - Federal Budget Balance (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * FOMC Member Williams Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* The International Energy Agency on Thursday cut forecasts for global oil demand amid new lockdown measures.
* New York City ordered bars and restaurants with liquor licenses to close at 10 p.m.
* Moderna Inc. rose almost 5% in pre-market trading after saying its trial has reached a key target for analyzing the shot’s effectiveness.

**Events in the World Today (EDT):**

* 2:00am - UK GDP (MoM,QoQ&YoY-Q3) \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * UK Monthly GDP 3M/3M Change \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * UK Manufacturing Production (MoM-Sep) \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * UK Industrial Production (MoM-Sep) \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * UK Business Investment (QoQ&YoY-Q3) \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * UK Labor Productivity \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * UK Trade Balance & Non-EU (Sep) \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * Germany CPI (MoM-Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:00am - UK BoE Gov Bailey Speaks \[3/3 Volatility\]
* 4:00am - Euro Zone ECB Economic Bulletin \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 4:50am - Euro Zone ECB's De Guindos Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 5:00am -  Euro Zone Eurogroup Meetings \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * Euro Zone Industrial Production (MoM-Sep) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 7:00am - India CPI (YoY-Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 8:00am - Euro Zone ECB's Panetta Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 9:00am - \[Approx\] UK NIESR GDP Estimate \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 9:15am - Euro Zone ECB's Mersch Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 10:30am - Euro Zone ECB's Schnabel Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 11:00am - UK BoE Deputy Gov. Woods Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * UK BoE MPC Member Cunliffe Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 11:45am - Euro Zone ECB Pres. Lagarde Speaks \[3/3 Volatility\]
* 1:00pm - Germany Buba Mauderer Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 1:30pm - Canada BoC Gov COuncil Member Wilkins Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 2:00pm - Mexico Interest Rate Decision (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 4:30pm - New Zealand Business NZ PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde, Governor Andrew Bailey and Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell are among the speakers Thursday at an online ECB Forum entitled “Central Banks in a Shifting World.”
* Bitc0in breaks above $16,000 for the first time since January 2018

**Earnings Before Open:**

* WIX, Celsius, Energizer, Inmode, Himax, Nice, Schrodinger

**Earnings After Close:**

* Cisco, Applied Materials, Disney, Blink, Farfetch, Palantir, Jamf

[Earnings This Week](https://i.imgur.com/Piu5auo.png)
GIMP is the tits pajamas. Love that program and kudos to anyone who has worked on making it happen.
But...but...ya boi rich
Market makers rly fking us hard now
Someone say something funny and receive an award
It’s O V E R
Red day confirmed
Everything in freefall
I love ROLF and I don’t play gold , I just like their shirts 👕
They offer checking accounts lol
Tech drop? I'll buy even more! BULLISH TECH GREEN INCOMING BUY BUY BUY
Gotcha bitch!
Holy fuck this dump, whats up
Yeah bro only businesses pay for that shit😂
That’s ballsy—I love it. My entire play account is in shares and leaps right now
Oh I agree it’s expensive, but I’ve seen some massive gains on here and was wondering if anyone actually put some money towards it.
Also for bull case, black rock and UBS increased their positions in the last month. Could dump but that’s usually a good sign for the short term
I believe this guy also fucks...







...Other guys (not that there's anything wrong with that)
3.5 is possible but unlikely
Amen.  The top 10% here might get close to the market average, maybe.

The top 1% here are gangbusters.  Not because of their skill, its just law of large numbers.  With enough of us yolo'ing nonstop, 1 out of 100 should be successful at collecting the rest of our money.
So from now and on Nasdaq will moon, as business 👩‍💼 usually,
Bloomberg terminals are pretty cool and I used one regularly back when I was part of a REIT fund, but what do you think you'd actually do with one? 

Unless you're institutional, you'll probably never be able to justify the cost or fully utilize its capability.
Did u keep shares from back then?
GUH
Can y’all please push fedex up a bit. Ffs
Baba already reported lol
Fill your crack with peanuts butter before court and as the judge is busy condescendingly mocking your arrogant ways, stick your hand in your ass and then lick it clean. Guaranteed to cause something to happen.
Wouldn't it be priced in ? Everyone saw what happened to pfe news. There is a huge call volume on moderna now.
Both. If marijuana stocks keep chugging
why are we dumping
Kicking myself I didn’t keep the faith and sold out of my 50cs for break even yesterday!
American education system
[deleted]
Angry tweet, market sinks, buy calls, fed statement, cell calls, rinse repeat
I bought $PLTR puts at close heh 🥺
Take their money, I’ll post gain porn as a NIO bear with you after I exit my NKLA short. CHEERS!
grades will only matter if you're planning on doing any post-grad shit

outside of school they're irrelevant

work hard to become rich. money solves most problems in life
[deleted]
[deleted]
Would look a whole lot better inside my ass
Feature churn + cloud subscription + reduced workforce + AI scene = Dilbert.
you snoose,  you loose.
Lolll I don’t know haven’t heard their name in years bro😂😂 but sometimes boomer can surprise us😂😂
2k a month is steep
Dunno but my puts are printing 🤣
Does Charles Schwann offer instant deposits?
Sounds lit
It's an out door clothing company
Haha clearly you haven’t seen how it works in Europe. Cops are still out patrolling 

And businesses get hefty fines if they do anything so they won’t make any exceptions
If you play golf you must love ROLF
I only have experience with adobe in the B2B segments. They are ramping up Experience cloud portfolio but don’t give a shit about the product / end user experience. All they care about is the contract ownership. Honestly, I think they are so vulnerable, and have a low barrier for competitors to take market share. In all, Adobe will fail to take the projected market share within the next decade.
[deleted]
PDD, wow!!! That has got to be great news for JD and BABA as well.
[deleted]
Same they prolly gunna crush earnings
This is the way.
Lol.
Lol yeah I looked and ur right it might work 😂😂 I hope u print whatever u decide bro
Don’t curse at baba

Wait wtf baba
NIO? Never heard of it
[deleted]
0.1%.
EVs on the move again
Not OP, but what's your opinion on some Feb 20C? Hold?
This is the way
Fuck off 😂 That’s why dude was saying fossil watches were in. Who the fuck is buying fossil watches and wallets right now. 😂😂
Are you in MIT?
LoLz I had a really health amount of 💩coin in 2013 sold a stupid amount 😢
F a d I n g
RIDE
Kidos say: DONT SELL... so its time 2 sell
Not that often.. other than the odd weedstock, but the big US like GTI mooned again and I would be up 100% if I held through two brutal years. It's all hindsight right
Where can I see it? Also, where do you get the information he is giving a presser?
[deleted]
10000
Yea but its below expectations. Dump.
[deleted]
Fosl 😂😂😂 stupid phone
Another reason not to buy with the pack of gibbering monkeys we call fellow retards. First reason - that company is bad mojo
Yeah according to RH
I have a 15 for work and a 13 for personal use. The 13 looks tiny to me :)
US Treasury Bonds are only taxed federally
Stonks only go up
PLTR 20c fd
NIO train to tendie town bitchesss  🚀🚨🚀🚨🚀🚨
Should probably read th...nvm only retards on wsb.

uuuuhhm, data be as good as Pfizer, daddy Fauci says so in article.
Interesting, thanks for the insight
MMs and HFT write the equation.

Random ass supports popping up everywhere lately
When you hit with an iron hit the top of the ball not the bottom of it. The little divits the get made are supposed to be made by the ball, not the club. Its counter intuitive but if you try to "scoop" the ball up you wont get very far
Lol I hope ur joking😂
just outta curiosity but you repeated the wrong correlation between dollars and stocks multiple times.

did you just start paying attention recently? bc recently it's been doing some fucked up shit where the correlation is fucked.

but generally speaking it's dollar down stocks up or dollar up stocks down.
wtf baba
When is it? Dec 17?
I am not sure after the run like 30 percent in a week
Nice! You lucked out but don't YOLO CRSR unless you're buying calls at least 3 months out. 

Too risky when you can make slow and steady gains
[deleted]
AMZN only up .5%.  Those are rookie numbers. Gotta get those up
Has anyone ever taken their gains and bought a Bloomberg terminal?
I'm all in, let's go AMZN
 Apple go to 130 you fuck. Thanks
Our boy NIO finna open 45+.
NIO 100c 1/15?
You can’t win them all! But he still made a lot of money on the first round
💦💦😩
 Theyre a teacher so must be right
Oof sold SE too early
Took me 2 years to get over my depression, just stop trading and make a living. Do something that makes you happy, don't push yourself too hard
weaponized autism 😎
The fact this was downvoted by retards tells you it is a good play.
I fuckn know. I ain’t gunna lie. Didn’t even know about psd 😅....wtf is foal lol
Show him ur portfolio to make him feel like he is right probably 😂😂 nah I am joking bro I believe you can do it 👍
Similar to Pfizer vaccine so unlikely
Just need to put your money in a good local banks savings account and maybe invest in one good stock, and then die before retiring so your retard grandchild can blow it all away on stupid fucking NIO puts
Hood shit!!!
I can not stress this enough, fuck amd
FUCK. YES.
Fuck you cuck
You thinking that is enough for me to assume it’s going to be a -100 point day.
lmao CNBC XM radio is playing a commercial for Sketchers *yoga pants*

Sketchers the new LULU
Any way is fast when you’re a retard
Some of their software is stupid complicated. They just have a monopoly and they know it. There are some alternatives but they are not as good or user friendly.  

Instead of Photoshop. Try GiMP. It's good for most tasks. But you have to re-lesrn how to use it.
What are the chances of a 1% gain in the S&P today?
just tell him you hang out here and he'll know how smart you are
Good morning fellas. Remember that support and resistance is half of the equation. MM and HFT all trade based on that
Only buy FD's and only ever buy at open, but make sure you get marked as a pattern day trader so you csnt chicken out when the stock starts to drop.
[deleted]
If the data is bad?
[deleted]
Gtfo
bias confirmed !
It really is.
Lotto SPY 358c sold on Monday for 6.60

DHI 11/20 2x 68.5c and 70c
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Unemployed, and never invested a dime in my life. Help me achieve greatness.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jss9e7
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jss9e7) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/BeReasonableReddit, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
licenselessdriver
B_Georgeous
BeReasonableReddit
Vauz
Danktownmayor
conwayflacko
[deleted]
dont go smaller ... you will regret it
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
We got the guru over here
Yuuuuppp
Lol yeah bro it’s always the one you not in 😂😂 if you want to see something crazy look at foal😂😂
[deleted]
I tried to short the rat a few times and all I got was rat fucked. Good luck fellow tard
$mpln is showing $28 million per share earnings on rh.
lol time to prove him wrong ?
[deleted]
[removed]
Here's some DD for ya'll, Moderna to [reveal their phase 3 trials](https://www.investors.com/market-trend/stock-market-today/dow-jones-futures-china-stocks-pinduoduo-xpeng-earnings-coronavirus-vaccine-maker-moderna-rises/) data in about a week. Calls on travel/oil stocks 2 weeks out.
That's what they said about Tesla hitting $2000.
Nobody shits over PLTR, PLTR is pure goodness! But it's too high IMO right now.
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
TSLA   600.0|0.1|0.12|0.13|-0.01|88.667%


TSLA 600.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1chrl&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Other way around guy.
600C TSLA 11/20
[deleted]
Fuck google
I managed to catch the 3030 dip and make a few bucks, thinking about YOLO all in

Go for broke.
[deleted]
I spend a few minutes in r/conservative and the echo chamber there is worse than it was in T_D, since they don't allow new users to comment. Only users with a flair can comment there. What a cesspool, rooting for a dictator as long as its their dictator.
[deleted]
So stonkgodown?
I need a 100 bagger from 3 bags
Dollar going down is a good thing for stonk market
Sadly, I don't think we do sarcasm anymore.
What time man I’m tweaking
EV stocks gonna have hulk boners
Probably, but at least your in good company.
AMD new processors are selling out instantly and breaking records. If you actually want to make money just buy AMD.
Forex is the fastest way to lose money

Do it
Yeah dude that was sick! Couldn’t believe my eyes
Keep drilling DIS, my puts depend on you
Damnnnn. Wish baba was up that much. Fuckn huge singles day.
Adobe flash 4 ever
GRREEENNN or ban
Boomers are a scared bunch. They’ve been desperately clinging to their safety nets their entire lives. Highly risk averse. They stay in the suburbs and even move to “safer” suburbs from there. They are terrified of cities and now terrified of disease. Fear runs their lives. Many will never go on an airplane or cruise again. Calls on Camping World.
FUCK YEAH MASTERS DAY BITCHES
The cajones on this guy
Quit trying to manipulate me into having a good time
Puts at open
I’m thinking of jumping into some RAD for an earnings play. Someone confirm my bias.
ATM or ITM weekly debit spreads for AMZN or AAPL
It's a monopoly. Nothing gonna change it.
No published peer reviewed studies = this is essentially gossip.
[deleted]
You ever seen the vidya of that nice lady who shoots the golf balls out of her cooter
No but I’ll check it out. Thanks.
I'd say it's (ironically enough) the energy drink.
amazon about to make a historic run
Keep your head down through your swing.
[deleted]
Dollar going down today is going to be red
Thinking about it
Have you tried Affinity?
The Breakfast of Champions. Two cups of coffee and three Marlboro Reds already
Fuck I’m gonna miss the trade war cycle
You mean disgusting?
The employees with stock aren’t gonna all rush to sell their stock at once lol, it might cause a dip in share price but i doubt it will go under 10
Don’t worry I bought them and they’re not making any money
Laughs in President Xi
Oof, mods!!!
What was the 50->1200 play?

And don't YOLO on anything crazy. 

Play TGT 170c 12/24 or ZM 500 12/14
Hey I live in a cardboard box

Don't judge me
If you just want to double up sell a put credit spread on AMZN that's 5 dollars wide for like two weeks out
[deleted]
Ban
I see what you're doing.
spy 400 calls 11/30 exp
Great report
If I had the cash i'd give you a gold. Here take a struggle medal. 🏅
I tell ya what; Adobe is really leaving the door open for an enterprise-level competitor. Fucking ridiculously expensive on a company-wide level. Have yet to come across a good alternative yet. Was particularly unimpressed with the Nitro program.
You think you could pay muddy waters and citron to get their reports an hour before they release them? Seems like the easiest money ever 😂
[deleted]
HYLN will report in 1h 30min
Why
I just bought my first set of clubs yesterday!!! I have absolutely no fucking idea how to play. Any advice? I will be going to the driving range on Friday.
put half my 401k in at 14. pretty happy so far
1000
Give me your money and I’ll turn it into -50k
You also could have played PLTR. But don’t worry, there is always next week.
Is jagermeister the dr pepper of the alcohol world?
Jesus pdd up 20% premarket
Seen a guy put a golf ball in his foreskin once
>if you ~~frequent this subreddit~~ *are a speculative retail trader* you are constantly being manipulated whether you're aware of it or not.

I agree with your comment but for the noobs here they should be aware it's the broader market and this sub is just one small part. The market is a mechanism of wealth transfer from gamblers/ignorant to the patient who educate themselves. Knowledge is absolutely power in this game.
And hole in one
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol
His cult like supporters on twitter are eating it up too it's actually insane. I went down a rabbit hole earlier tonight and the stupidity hurt my fucking brain.
Forgot the rules, stonks go uo
Like I said, mad genius if you held. Mind posting results?
I had three dogs at the time and didn’t get another one after him because of them. When they pass on, I will def get another one.
In about 90.mins
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
TGT   165.0|3.15|3.4|3.45|0.53|41.127%


TGT 165.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1c5mo&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
So I have two dads?
[deleted]
That's not too bad bro. 

I once was down to 250 and made it to 1k over 3 weeks. It is doable. 

Play TGT 165c 11/27. Lower IV and cheaper. Not as much upside as ZM but it'll print a modest 100% or so.
Those comments are exactly what I am expecting to find on wsb and this is why I came here. Long live wsb
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just bought some $12P 11/20 for cheap as a gamble after seeing how this stock had been hyped for weeks 🤡
I know
Bryson win looks like as much of a lock as you can get in golf. Mans just toying with the course.
You filthy motherfucker.
Lol what do use? *100 leverage?
Blocked them. Thanks for the og post
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck me I sold 270 puts for 11/20.

They have a lot of extrinsic value but I feel they will expire worthless. 

At the same time I feel i can't quite buy this dip as I may be assigned.

I can only just watch I'm afraid.
It’s 9/1 on bovada for him to win currently
HYLN has earning this morning as well
Last $50 -> $1200 this week. Now I shall YOLO the 1,200 and return to 50. 

CRSR here I come.
smallstreetbets->
Yeah, I feel like it could go either way. Tech always seems to crash at earnings, and being able to roll the leaps into cheaper shares would be ideal, but knowing my luck I’d close the leap for $10 profit and then the stock would go up $5
[removed]
[deleted]
I'm there with you brother.
Early so nobody will see that I am in fact >!far more cosistent forex trading!<
The only advice you’re going to get here is how to turn that 500-1k into $0 the next day pal
Careful today. Powell will drop market.  Powell’s appearance will be the first since Joe Biden was declared President-elect last weekend, which may allow him to be less guarded about the policy outlook than he was at his press conference last week.
I need a 50 bagger to break even. What’s the play
Your flair makes me laugh every time I see it lol
Anyone grabbing AMZN? Looking like another +100 point day.
What happened with ELY yesterday?
Good thing no one cares about your opinion
Should have just dropped it on NIO
Your dad has a massive cock
Of course lol that’s the only reason they ipoed
Battery tech and manufacturing needs to improve a lot before they launch it, but iirc we will ser something about it next year.
About 4
It’s being pumped to lessen the hurt later, or atleast that’s what I tell my puts
😂
See that guy get the hole in one after drilling it right into the water?
Do you putt the good putt
Lol yeah bro we are just here for the shitposting mostly
Did you see that Spanish dude one that shot that glided over the water
I really don't understand who would rotate from established tech companies that, if not without hiccups, have managed to thrive their business during a one in a lifetime event of worldwide societal impact. Just to buy into industries that, yes they will bounce back, have no certainty of when business will be back to normal. Let alone when growth will return. On top of that, the world has completely changed. I can't see a big corporation going back to their big executive airlines accounts when then can just videocall for most things. Just imagine the number of new startups that will ditch even having an office, why on earth would you have that expense? Fossil fuels are not dead, but they are quite into their retirement years (except petrochemicals), why would you waste money for an extremely expensive power plant when you can .... you know put solar panels in a shiny place.   
Thank you for reading my rant.
hey its me your dad
[deleted]
DIS better get its shit together
/u/vreddit_bot
Gotta fuckin learn to hold when it’s a stock like NIO.
Can we please keep all comments golf related
[deleted]
Damn, if you hate money that bad just burn it in a trash can.
[deleted]
Another goog antitrust lawsuit I think another three percent day is in for them lol
Not really, a small nose like that on the Tesla Semi is good for aerodynamics. The cabover design is used to shorten total vehicle length to comply with european regulation.
If you're that broke man save for an emergency fund before investing. get 3-6 months of liquid cash for emergencies then invest.
Cowboy killers
GREEN BY OPEN
A group of 165 companies and industry bodies have called on EU antitrust enforcers to take a tougher line against Google, saying the U.S. tech giant unfairly favours its own services on its web searches. - RTRS

$GOOGL
Bears get excited about thousands of people dying just so they can make 100 bucks.
Wonderful comment for the daily discussion.
If I keep selling weeklies I'll get my cost basis down to break even... eventually. This is how I sleep at night.
Do you not?
Going to start a company where you can spin a wheel for a share price to win shares, then sell those shares based on their price on the market at the time to spin again at the chance to win more shares.

It’s literally retarded but people open CSGO cases so why not.
My dad just told me has 1000 shares of NIO at a $7 average wtf
ER are leaked
I have 500 bucks bro 😂. I might be able to do the zoom call if pltr doesn’t tank today lol
[removed]
I want your life
I would say NIO or PLTR
11/20 but I'm not going to hold them that long
buy a Disney weekly 140 call Friday afternoon.  expiry 11/20
How much are you up and how many do you have?
[deleted]
Me
Bold strategy cotton, let’s see if it pays off
[deleted]
Nah, business is just as retarded of a degree
nio is just getting warned up
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
TGT   170.0|2.84|3.6|3.21|0.46|32.569%


TGT 170.0C 2020-12-24 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1bscc&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
It's hilarious how a couple weeks ago everyone was shitting all over this stock. Now the same people are bandwagoning into it.
40 mil retards believe in him enough to buy red hats and vote for him.
3x TGT 170c 12/24
Too bad all the new phones blow dick and don't have headphone jacks.
shit is barely up pre market.  tf you talking about
[deleted]
Economy is open again everyone! CCL to the moon 🚀
What if it moons to $100? You’d be out $90.
2021 leaps? Definitely 

Expiring this week? It’s your money to kill pal
So I'm about to go to bed, but I just need to reiterate that if you frequent this subreddit you are constantly being manipulated whether you're aware of it or not. There is money involved and I promise someone out there has found a way to take advantage of that.

If you have ever had this thought in your mind I'll let you know right now that it is absolutely a thing and it happens all the time.

If you haven't and you're feeling upset by anything that I've said... you are the product that is being bought and sold. It's cool. We all have to learn sooner or later.

I just want everyone to have a good time.
Every DD for RKT is worthless no one cares I am a salty bag holder selling covered calls to make up for all my RKT since sep2
🤫
Don't forget the rotation of personnel in the pentagon.
Calls on meth
Your* 😎
wearing nothing but a long sleeve and boxers with my AC at 65 is the best
Should have bought more TDOC when it was below 170....but also not have sold it after 1 day 😅😅😅
Don't tell them
Yes yes he very humbly and quickly lost 60 grand and 30 in loans...great starting story maybe one day he wil be president.
Thanks dad
buy dis 140 calls Friday afternoon.  slow bleed until weekend.  idk. made a shit ton of money with the same play last weekend.  any vaccine news is good news for dis
Weeklies? If so tomorrow during power hour or in the morning if you're risk adverse. Do not hold through earnings the implied move is way too high you'll get shit on
Her name is Pfizer how coincidental
what ? up ?
Please, never think you actually matter to the market. Because frankly, you don’t
Sadly Europoor in London, where it is difficult to short anything.   


Bears are extinct in UK.
You can’t do TA over that long of a time frame
Everyone has a Palantir until they get hit with a zillion unlocked shares
Imagine if you will, a Chinese EV company selling 5k units a month  worth more than GM...
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/UtahItalian don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, its quite damaging to democracy with his attemted coup, even if he doesnt succeed. If the result were a little closer, abusing the courts might have worked. Now he is trying to sabotage the electoral college, anything goes. Could get dicy in December. On the other hand if the election gets certified next month well have a nice santa rally.
Before end of day, don’t be a fucking retard, I’m serious, you can thank me at 4:00pm. I expect a message too
Hide the money yall
TIL getting margin called is illegal
[deleted]
KNDI doing well off the back of XPEV
OK go all in on TLT then. Put your money where your mouth is.
My chart looks a lot like yours my friend.
huge truths!! 4fold sales,daaang
Rotation out of value stocks into tech what did people think we were just going to re open now? Jeez
Only retards believe this. He lost, but people can't accept defeat. 

If you could bet on this though, I might take the 1 million to 1 odds.
Wow. That guy belongs here
[deleted]
Giant RED wave! 🤭🌈🐻
So then why the fuck is everybody so obsessed with this play if you “have to take the tendies out of the big boys hands” 

I’ve literally been watching this play flop for weeks, people everyday saying the squeeze is right around the corner

Last month I looked at GME and I looked at NIO

Thank god I listened to my gut and got NIO calls instead and realized to even bet on a GME short squeeze is retarded. 

Someone even broke it down in a different post how shorts can slowly exit their position without triggering a squeeze anyways
If you look at PLTRs chart since it IPOd the algo trading action was ridiculous. It was a straight up barcode the month of October. I sold my leaps yesterday. Hope I can get in again once it dips but I have a feeling MMs are gonna fuck with it for earnings. Who knows though, it has meme strength now.
Should I pull out this Pfizer $38 call 12/11?
Brilliant
XPEV better not botch the earnings call
[$2400/day for ICU care?](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/016/729/large.jpg)
Yes we know quants exist
Who do you think been buying NIO at $45 LOL institutions?! Their cost basis is like <$10
Lmao
not in the first 2 years anyway and not at all with a republican senate
Planets in retrograde mean that their usual energy or influence is blocked, inverted, or distorted somehow. Like you hear people bitch about negativity during Mercury retrograde because Mercury governs interpersonal communications, daily tasks, as well as our clarity of mind and thought patterns — during retrograde that all gets fucked up. 

Mars governs initiation of action, the ego, conflict and competition. When it’s in retrograde things may seem log jammed or there may be a passive aggressive energy pervading. When it goes direct, expect an escalation — perhaps something regarding the election challenge will break.
It's looking super bullish. Huge run-up incoming. Possibly 51-54 by EOW.
And only then he realized he screwed up
Thank you for the answer.
Only if they are under 15 years old
So I'm about to go to bed, but I just need to reiterate that if you frequent this subreddit you are constantly being manipulated whether you're aware of it or not. There is money involved and I promise *someone* out there has found a way to take advantage of that. 

If you have ever had this thought in your mind I'll let you know right now that it is absolutely a thing and it happens all the time.

If you haven't and you're feeling upset by anything that I've said... you are the product that is being bought and sold. It's cool. We all have to learn sooner or later.

I just want everyone to have a good time.
🌈🌈🐻🐻 and celebrating futures being down -0.6% only to be buttfucked by hulk dildos in the morning

They must have PTSD by now lmao
Thanks man
Aapl 150C 12/10
Man I miss a Marlboro Red first thing in the morning
Crack cocaine.

Easy to cook.

Easy to flip.
Got calls on all of them + JD
Depends on the Senate, really

It would fuck everyone with 401ks too
You're is much safer but lockdowns are coming in and it is a Thanksgiving play. With gatherings banned, I'm expecting more talk about Zoom Thanksgiving to pump the stock.
I don’t believe this will happen but what if DIS 150 today is the lotto
[deleted]
My FD's usually workout. Eventually...
Proud of you guineapig
Fuck the moon, elon is literally aiming for mars
Gold gld 180
[deleted]
Kamala will
Out of the money stock options that expire by the end of the week.
When the medication starts to wear off
Ty don 

*kisses hand* 🤭

So hows Cosa Nostra going?
Orange still holding on to a "win" might catch up at some point to rattle markets, IMO - unless PA certifies their results.

Good morning y'all!
[deleted]
That ZM play is risky. Maybe 450c 12/11?
ATH like 140? By next week? Lmao🤣
I know we’re all kinda retarded but some of y’all shouldn’t be allowed on the internet smh.
Its early stage and they have just started to sell cars. Nobody expected any significant earnings, its actually better that they invested more money into aggressive expansion. All eyes were on revenue and they beat that.
The only change in behavior I think we see for maybe the next year or so is people actually continue to mask when they’re actually sick...like what they’ve done in Asian countries for decades.
Or to short it
Let's be real,  Top 1%.
When do they release the earnings?
Everyone lets take a moment and light up a cigarette (preferrably a Marlboro Red) for our AAPL, SQ, NIO call holders today?
CHA CHIIIINg Huge tech day inc
NIO is a Chinese company, so why would you think it wouldn’t go up overnight as the Asian markets are trading?
holy 1.5 shares relax big shot
Can someone give me a play that I won’t chicken out of and sell early. I want to flip 500 - 1k easily, like a call for Dec-Jan that is 99% sure to hit.. not down for NIO or PLTR either premium is already so high for those calls there’s to much to lose
Wut?
I'm too much of a fat American to look like this.
Hey may give em a sniff
Unlikely
265!
Anyone here buy the gold dip?
IMO that’s like asking when to sell Tesla stock when it was at $200..
[deleted]
Don’t burn yourself
Hold for the long haul. I bought into SPCE for $3 a share this sub hyped it up, it went to like $12 and I sold it at $9 now it's at $20+
GME is a waiting game, NIO is on a hype train and has earnings soon you dun goofed
GME gay boi gang about to print HARD.
Why not both
Holy shit this is gold
Cool! I love fantasy fiction!
Will Biden touch capital gains / investing tax and would this crash markets?
This is definitely what automod would look like IRL.
so in China its fomoo or fomoomoo :P
ShoRt SQuEeZe to 20o
What do you mean? A front like this actually more efficiënt than one with a "nose".
Every day
Yeah bud AAPL is fixing to fucking RUNNNNNNN
Real talk, how much do you have in your account. No new deposit, how much buying power do you have right now? I can look around for you bro
This isn't always a sure fire way to make monthly income. If tesla drops to the point you are no longer able to sell for monthly premiums you won't be able to recoup the amount spent on your leaps by expiration. You'll then be forced to start gambling selling calls at prices that will yield a premium but overall result in a loss if your assigned to sell. In this particular scenario you'll be fine tho.
Soullish.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Sounds bullish' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
Only thing green in my house is the underside of the mat Infront of the toilet. 

Don't ask advice from me.
Just ask yourself... why can’t it be me?
Wall Street for broke
Thanks brotha 👊🏻
Sounds bullish
Yah but their guidance and margin gain was fucking insane. Plus their revenue was like 300% plus 300% for next quarter lol
https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/data-chart-center/quarterly-refunding/documents/auctions.pdf
I bet it’ll dump at open to be honest.
Slight jobs beat pushes us to +.5%, we melt up until JPow to over 1%. JPow let's out an accidental toot during his speech, we plunge to -.75 but V-Shape back to +.25 eod. +1% tomorrow because the day ends in y
How did u cm up with this value
Did u just divide total US income or sm shit by num of popln. The top 100 richest in US prolly is worth like 90% of the entire pop
Jesus 7500 a fucking month? They better have been giving him the good drugs
It’s deliveries are still up bigly. It’s a growth company in an emerging EV space. People are looking to 2022.
When main street finally starts talking about NIO itll be $200+.
What stock are you bearish on?

*I'm Bearish on the whole system...* He answers
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is the way
Wouldn’t it be Black Thursday since today is Thursday?
Ah yeah, gimme more of that creme fraiche.
?
Wrong culprits. Try funeral directors and cremation units. Best kept dirty little secret. LMAO!
Growth has out performed for a decade long before this year, the divergence of the 2 just increased to an unsustainable level. The market will find its happy place and continue on out performing
This sounds like an intro to the twilight zone. I’m in.
Yeah, don't bank on that. They'll just get home care because it's cheaper anyway
And a huge panic dump after it?
8M Puts on human value 1/21/20 all in
Ya i do have doctorate damn
[deleted]
[deleted]
Good luck on the masters bet hope it goes well. Buy yourself some chicken nuggies with your winnings
Before you put your money into this retarded as fuck play, take a look at OP’s history, this guy lost money on every single trade he made LOLOL
Time to FOMO into CRSR, can’t take it anymore.
I think PLTR is a solid company. I'd wait for the next dip and get leaps or buy enough shares and do covered calls. Up until  2 weeks ago before they ran up PLTR was heavily scalped and stayed in 9-10 dollar range since its IPO. The chart was a straight up barcode. I would like to think those days are over, but I have this gut feeling MMs will have a say in these earnings for sure.
>We do know there will be a permanent change in behavior particularly by older people.

What, do you think they are suddenly going to go all Logans Run and commit sudoku when they hit 75? 

They've got all the money and all the free time and they're already closer to death that everyone else anyway. They won't change much of anything.

If we're lucky, more of them take up daredevil motorcycle jumping to entertain the rest of us.
What is this, Wall Street for ants?
looks like it.  to be red it has to be down massively PM
look at the yield
Great positions, too bad in poor lol
He da original autist
Feel bad for all the idiots who rotated out of tech monsters into sleepy boomer shit like airlines and retail on Monday
Tbf F is prolly gonna do well at least for the mid term. New CEO who actually knows wht hes doing, sector rotation, vaccine... im deep in calls with this mdfka
When do I sell my PLTR calls? 🤔
😂
My fault, I haven't had this mornings caffeine dosage yet lol
been up since 3:30 watching futures naked and doing bong rips

what a time to be alive
[Some good loss porn](https://www.reddit.com/r/interactivebrokers/comments/jsdnfr/ibkr_liquidated_40000_positions_and_is_demanding)
I don’t need to have the nightmares when it’s reality
thats what happens when you ...you know
Yea he invested a couple months ago though..
You just wet a lot of diapers on here.
Cool.
Calls it is
>I don’t know if declaring BK now would be better

Chapter 13 may be simpler.
Yet every time we autists say he’s lost his touch, yada yada. There is a reason I’m never selling my BRKB
Oh yea, how about do the math and show me what numbers you are using to get 8%?
Source?
3 hours till NIO $60+
I have nightmares about situations like this
GTFO
So many people are talking about new video games/ consoles coming out and debating on which one to spend their money on. Well news flash, the only console and video game you need to be spending your money on is your phone and Robinhood. That $500+ you were planning on spending can just be lost on weeklies instead. Play smarter not harder
Nikki took 30 years to breakeven to ATH. Lol
Growing beards.
Interesting strategy I'll have to try it out
He'll have to get out of quarantine first.
I’m in shares on this one so either one works!
In China 🍎 Is not doing great so Chinese money is leaving it.
Ford makes a lot of money too, GE makes a lot of money too, doesn’t mean their stock goes up. If your directed your retardedness at their chart and over lay it with SPY you will see that they underperformed SPY for a decade. You single brain cell fuck face, how did you miss that lmao
There is a massive crash that will begin today. The massive bond auction for the 30 year will have the whole world scrambling for cash. Banks will dump tech stocks and cover bond shorts forcing a squeeze in time to flip the new issuance to the secondary market who will also be selling off their US holdings to raise money. Feedback loop. Primary dealer banks will sell the bonds for massive gain and buy the dip on the stocks they dumped. Black Monday comin
Kinda a falling knife situation right now tho?
Did he? I didn’t listen to those.. but yeah he’s my pick. He’s got 3 straight top 10s, had a phenomenal summer, and is seemingly cruising under the radar with all the Bryson hype. Love it
They downvoted Jesus too, because he spoke the truth. ✝️❤️
The man usually is lol
[deleted]
i’m gonna buy so much nio when it hits 45 and panic sell when it dips
I know this is a few days old, but I don’t think short term options is a good idea. This is the most financially responsible company out of the major pot stocks, and arguably the best value, but this market doesn’t really give a shit about value. This should be a long term play.
Tencent
Throwing my packages
The mouse is coming for you... 🐭
Why shouldn't you hold same week expiry options over night?
My Personal Risk Tolerance is like zero but ya at this rate that will probably still end up working for you lmao
Man Buffet was so right to invest in Japan Nikkei is vertical
CCP CCP no BABA telling lies Yes BABA
Xpeng lost twice as much as expected and mooned anyway. No hate just nervous about nio cuz it’s expected to report the same numbers so I hope xpeng moons higher lol
Imagine buying shares at 4 and selling at 7
Holy shit, 237% gain yesterday? lol
Buy the rumor sell the news started from AAPL events
I bought 1.5 shares of PLTR at 9.69. Sold yesterday at 15. Seeing the futures, I'm already in FOMO. Regretting buying only a single share. And cursing myself for selling it off.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ZM   500.0|3.8|4.0|4.0|2.49|66.803%
TGT   170.0|1.76|2.02|1.95|0.28|40.96%
NVDA   550.0|18.35|19.3|18.7|7.53|49.604%


ZM 500.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

TGT 170.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

NVDA 550.0C 2020-11-27 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1aw77&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Misinformation? It's wsb. I probably wouldn't take it too seriously.
10 ¢
Now ask the question the other way round. Then ask what if the ‘ETF’ takes the money people are putting into it, publishes a ‘price’ every day, but instead of buying the listed holdings, the ETF comes to WSB and YOLOs the lot.   


This is how Madoff created a $50 billion Ponzi.   


ETFs May be the next CDS or MBS that crash the system.
DJ sounded really confident with himself during pre round interview
Timing is everything unfortunately
Come on UPS. Watcha doing?
I'm very glad I sold covered calls when I saw calls at -90% the next day.
To all my bros that don't know what to play. Here are my plays for next week. 

ZM 500c 11/27
TGT 170c 11/27
NVDA 550c 11/27

If you're down all time, don't try and make it back on weeklies. You'll lose more. Trust me I've been there. Blew up 2 accounts but I made it back by playing slow and steady gains. 

ZM going back to ATH sonif you have nothing else to play, play that one.
Might close my PLTR leaps if we get another big run today. Twits is too bullish
ETA is kinda wet
Nah Intel suits will fumble it somehow. AMD and QCOM, fuck Intel
they wont do shit they are pussies
Why did you include your mugshot?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   45.0|2.89|2.94|2.92|-0.1|113.212%


NIO 45.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 7 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1ang9&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   43.0|1.34|1.39|1.36|0.0|NaN%


NIO 43.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gc1ak7t&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Could be filled up by younger people that have been aged prematurely by covid related recovery fucking them up.
fprx
RIP RKT GANG
monday was fun, why can't we do that everyday
Good luck today degenerates
soooooo gonna be green?
That's my logic. Gotta get a work station, may as well kit it out.

Plus with the massive leaps in CPU and GPUs recently, I expect a lot of people will be upgrading their existing PC's or buying brand new ones.

They just beat earnings. The next earnings should be fucking sexy
Top
Make that Jan 15
When will the next vaccine pump come?
What’s that’s fam
At this point it's just expected
It is about what you produce not how much you are getting paid.
Imagine not buying NIO shares when it was under $7. I can’t 🖖
No they haven't


http://www.mortgagenewsdaily.com/mortgage_rates/daily.aspx
What’s an etf
Yesh
Why EV meme stonks are an important part of any balanced portfolio
Short term puts on CYH. They will continue to fall since that hospital chain is full of debt and bad investments. I imagine that you are so fat because you don't listen to doctors so fuck em, right?
[deleted]
I was thinking next week.
I bought some Disney puts, their earnings call is today and I cant imagine they beat expectations.
That would be great
[deleted]
Fun fact ♤
I would think it is already calculated.
Bonds and equities tend to inverse each other - so this is likely good news for the Chinese stock market.

Bonds=stable and used more on bad years

Stocks=unstable and used more on good years
They are still the only ones printing money.
Adoption is going to increase more, and for those that it increased for previously now the profit will be extracted from them.
Apple went from 128 to 103 and my calls were toast.
We do know there will be a permanent change in behavior particularly by older people. Things will not return to what they were anytime soon if ever.
[deleted]
1k for the monitor stand. WTF
Sir this is a Tendies
I love BABA. 30% in shares, 40% in calls December exp
Sir, this is a casino.
Yo BHC isn’t Valeant, Valeant is gone. Bausch reconsolidated their debt, kicked Valeant (B+L still has product from the merger) and are supporting themselves. New product in the novel Ultra Multifocal Toric lens and some other products that came to be in 2019-2020 have them on an upswing.
Oh I mean if they're buying it now then yeah I agree they're retarded. But a lot of us got in sub $10 per share
AAL :)
Rhymes with Cleo
BABA 300c for March or later
The whole society is a big pyramid scheme. Just need to have enough so the labour of others will be yours to gain.
WE ARE LOOKING AT YOU NIO AND PLTNR.
Buy NIO and shut up!
I bought 1.5 shares for 9.69. Sold at 15 and am in FOMO right now. First for buying just a single share months back. And then for selling it today :(
yeah... smh at myself, 

The possibility of that happening right now is 0 lol. I will hope for some tech lifting a bit and then selloff and start doing better plays forward.
Puts on capita bro
I guess they’re selling more gaming hardware cause everyone is locked in their house? lol
thank you, i needed to hear your pain. I lost 5k on Nio about a week before it took off. Bought at 19 sold at 17.......
Yeah I officially hate rkt
Best case scenario: FDs print and I can afford to retire at some point.

Worst case scenario: Who cares I wasn't going to be able to retire anyways.
Thats certainly a thoughtbto leave off on.
Its already there
I was planning to just flip this 11/20 NIO 45c at open but maybe ill hang onto it for a little longer.
WSB fading love for baba is all I needed as confirmation to double down on buying shares 😊
Isn't that one actually shipping stuff between the port of LA and the gigafactory?
[deleted]
Revolut
Barchart
How much love should it get, it kinda tripled in price this year
Is the way
It’s a 2T company. How much love do you expect?
[deleted]
Yea was good
It did
No one not even big money can afford Apple products. 5k for a monitor, 100 bucks for the cord
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90VA902cxJ4) an italian review about the IVECO/Nikola truck. At 9.30 you can check the differences comparing it to the methane IVECO truck.

It can run downhill, buy calls offer me a pizza later.
A bunch of shit. In a handful of pools and then matchup bets but have like 75 each on 
DJ 
Bubba
Hatton
Hideki
Rahm

Of those I feel pretty strongly that DJ will contend. Bubba is just way over priced for a 2x winner who’s hot, kinda same with reed. Hatton is my dark horse to contend this week .. hideki is having a good restart campaign and I had to take rahm after he aced the skipping shot
It could, but my guess is those investors just put it in other bonds
Christ this sub has attention span of a goldfish
I'd like to once again apologize to whoever bought the RKT FDs I wrote on Tuesday. If it makes you feel any better I've already lost the profits and then some 🤡
Chinese EV stocks to da Moon.
XPEV
Love was priced in
[removed]
Is the satire and sarcasm not extremely obvious?...
Should i remind you of snapchat?
I bought a small amount of shares of PLTR, entry at like 12. I want to hold for awhile, what are your thoughts on re-entry for long term holding? same concept would apply for leaps i guess. 

As for myself NIO 43c 11/13

 bag holding dkng 43.5c 11/13

LLNW 4 c 11/20

Personally, good winner: MFA 2.5c 1/15/21
This is the way
Bjergsen retired so not much hope left :/
This is why I'm going Playstation. I have a PC that'll play the XBone games better than the console, and i love me some spoderman.
it doesnt matter the info is always available before after during its always there
Download the app
AAPL releases phone = No Love... Releases Mac and Pad = No Love. Where did the Love go?
I think either will pay off, not sure which would work better
Haha this is wsb
Saw a Tweet about the Chinese bond market “plunging.” Does this affect equities?
This is the way
Agree 10000% straight shithole. I gag just thinking about it. But again, the consumption is insane and they’re growing. They also have weird ass medtech that’s ahead of ours believe it or not
Amazon
Interest rates have been creeping up too.  

Sooner or later will impact their refi business
Oh right. 11/13 C on nio or tsla?
/r/TA_irl
Finally watched The Big Short eh?
Damn a PJ trader just lost his PJs
XPEV to the moon please 🚀🚀
None. More bad news > More printing > more bullish. That's how the cycle works
[deleted]
Definitely! Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
He passed on the Series B of FB lol. Imagine being given the opportunity and passing
Even if we have lockdowns again, tech isn’t going to magically shoot back beyond ATHs. This isn’t like March where we didn’t know shit. We know a vaccine is coming and we know, while contagious, the virus isn’t deadly for the vast majority of the populous under 80. 

You aren’t ahead of the curve.
What if I want to look it up before I buy an option?
Who’d you take for the masters?
My EU broker logs me out after four minutes of inactivity.
Besides, Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Brah how did you learn my strategy?
What are we shillin’ today gang?
Sheeeit that's fucking heart attack inducing swings. At least you have the money to have those type of swings lol
Buy DKNG @ 60
JPOW speaks today at 1:45. Expect a very quiet market until then.
# WTF DO YOU MEAN I WAS COMMENTING ON THE OLD THREAD ALL THIS TIME
CRSR
✅
[deleted]
I gotta say, you autists almost got me with all this talk of CoVID and SPY 300
Sir, this is a casino.
[deleted]
That’s a good question
I need money, fast.. what should I buy wsb? 🤔
Not necessarily. Just buy good stocks like Nio. It’s stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
In a hypothetical financial crisis, which company going bankrupt would be the trigger in the current market?
This guy fucks
So you are telling me that a company specifically geared toward selling games and gaming equipment only has 30% market share on console sales? Lol. They gonna need to sell a whole lot more funko pops for $3 more than other retailers to survive.
>HYLN

Thinking about it.
Just buy ZM calls.
You've got me there...LOL
Ok. Sounds like a great strategy.

Hope that a big company that has $$$ on the line is as retarded as you.
Who?
**#yoloANDdie**
But I hate their website
Anyone playing HYLN earnings?  Confirmation bias requested


Edit: well fuck
So how much of an ETF's price on any given day is determined by price changes in its holdings vs people buying/selling the ETF shares
[deleted]
Yeah "the People" reaaally convinced me that NIO is going bankrupt.  DONT FUCKING LISTEN TO TO OTHER PEOPLE! Especially that fuckers at seeking alpha
[deleted]
Same to you!
who decides when the news gets published? the CEO.

so what reverse insider trading is now legal or what?

so from now, insiders just times their stock sale months ahead on day after publishing news and insider trading is suddenly legalized
The average age people enter senior housing is like 84 and then people only live there an average of two years before they leave...because they died or got sick and had to go somewhere like the hospital or other higher level of care (where they then typically die)
25% before noon.
If you can’t make money off this sub you’re legitimately retarded and are going to get manipulated and taken by someone somewhere regardless.
so are we changing the sub icon?
[deleted]
/u/vreddit_bot
Or spilt milky
[news for the markets today and when it’s being released ](https://imgur.com/gallery/4nileZk)
my 15" mbp is showing its age. might just get a new M1 chip 13" but idk seems small
great time to buy for those with the means
Stop buying weeklies and your paper hands will stop selling so quickly.
 Buy back in at $45 and sell at $25
Wish I had gotten JD calls instead.
Looking at all these beatin up stocks like net who just crushed earnings Microsoft the only thing I’m worried is moderns announcing a vaccine that’s just gonna crush them again
[deleted]
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**JD**|**$90**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$2.97**|**$82.84**|**7245**|**0**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckheqq8xe4msp0770fdbnpkx5) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/deah12/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
F
Describe your current state of depression
Cmon lockdowns and deep red crash. Im waiting patiently
Slack leaps worth buying? Or is it better to hold stocks?
[deleted]
my 15" mbp is showing its age. might just get a new M1 13" but idk seems small
DIA to 290 today
[deleted]
wonder what to do with my GME squeeze profits. Perhaps Ill buy one share in BYND
Nah 10%
There are no guaranteed 10 baggers. If you are down big and need one big play to break even you've already lost and will only lose more. 

Buy TGT 170c 11/27 for 100% gain after earnings and dig yourself out slowly.
🧐
Stocks don’t have IV, option contracts do.
It's still worth jumping in. I got in at 81 and 85. Tons of room to grow still. Tencent and Walmart both believe in the long term growth of JD this shit could hit 150 next year
Why are you crying over spilt beans instead of improving your trading game?
Oh yeah lol thanks
Oh you became obese due to the pandemic?
Some of y’all need to get more sleep and it shows
no biggie, it was leaked
use investing.com for premarket
What would you have done with the money ?
Just use your broker
But it's much cheaper to mine out of old peoples' mouths than some South American mountainside.
It will be a good day
JD too. Maybe it's some kind of 11/11 sales boost for all the internet retailers
Absolutely. My grandpa was paying $7500 a month for one of these fucking places, then died in February from “pneumonia” as well as one of the other old dudes down the hall after their nurse got “a bad flu” and had to be hospitalized for a week.
just go on robinhood and click on the options you retard
Yes I need BABA to pump!! Although I wish I got in a lil more but I’m not buying anymore unless we get back to that super low level 360. I don’t know if we will though because good news all around
CBRE is not far off its ATHs. They'll be fine
You are right. #YOLOorDie
What are we saying about baba today
New people get old every day
AAPL CALLS ONLY
NIO up 5% again....
[deleted]
He wont but sure he can
I read the title, I look at pic, I like.
A ton of mortgage default/foreclosure news is circulating right now.
Where do I look up a stocks IV? I’ve been googling around like a retard and I can’t find it
Source?
🤩
I bought nio in January at $4 and sold when It hit $2. AMA
[deleted]
No the one w the guy that has the thing and
Sure!
[deleted]
[deleted]
What's with the weird data lag on marketwatch.com for spy right now?
GREEEEENNNNN
> wet ass-pussies

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
i feel like my generation is so far behind that i need to gamble to get to where older generations were handed for free
My favorite strategy is buy calls after big Green Day’s, panic sell the day after when it does a healthy correction, buy back in later that day thinking I’m gonna miss the run up, ends up -5% after hours, panic sell at 9:30 am next day, account is -25%, I’ll just stay cash gang and wait for a bigger dip, 3 days later- same stocks are up 10% today. Start cycle again from the start
Shhhhhh listen child just chill and be patient
/u/vreddit_bot
[https://imgflip.com/i/4m2xp2](https://imgflip.com/i/4m2xp2)
Gotta cut your losses earlier. It hurts but in the long run it's usually better than slow bleeding. Don't get married to your positions. Weak hands are green hands. The diamond hand shit here never works unless you're that kid that turned 4.4k into 384k from fastly puts lol
Posting positions? This sub is 95% people posting about Shrek dildos, telling bears to die, how hard they are or their wet-ass pussies. I used to give them the benefit of the doubt and look up their comment history and see if they have posted positions before or gave out useful information. Every single time it's like 30-50 comments a day saying the exact same shit "DKNG gonna make me bust" or "imagine imagined imagining" might as well be bots. So now I just immediately block them. Trust me, helps weed out tons of these trolls. Eventually you'll start to see mostly positions and actual information on here. 

That being said I'm bag holding the following:

AMD 110c 12/18 @ .41

APPL 111p 11/13 @ .45 

Closed out on PLTR and NIO yesterday

Staying mostly cash right now, since NKLA beat everyone yesterday.
Boom roasted you got me.  How do i trade being a cuck with a 7 figure net worth for living off 150 bucks a week in govt handouts and being a prime candidate for My 600 Pound Life? 

Grab yourself a few cruise line or airline shares and hope that come spring 2021 they start to a pathway to returning to normalcy. Or spend it on some home exercise gear
How is RKT not rocketing? Good report, upgraded next Q earnings guideline, share buyback... What
Fuck yeah.
50k swing every fucking week past few weeks. This shit is getting old
Go on...
Gold is cratering too
How do they even make money? They should lock down the free trial. I’ve used 5 free trials for redzone so far this year lol.

That said, I’m sure Netflix started in a similar fashion. And I do actually like their UI
Commercial real estate is done. CBRE will file bankruptcy by Q2 next year.
[deleted]
Softbank, the only thing more retarded than WSB:

*"SoftBank racks up $3.7bn in losses at tech stock trading unit"*

https://www.ft.com/content/0edb7c17-58e6-4ded-acfa-1822440a926c
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/deah12 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Time to start investing in China. EVs are the Future... Literally.
Plz.
Have PLTR calls and about 1K riding on the masters. Today is gonna be a good day
Do you think they'll go bankrupt?
[deleted]
Sure!
AAPL to the fuckin moon
But then they get to pry the gold teeth out of the corpses before they send them away one last time.  Bullish on old folks' homes.
/u/vreddit_bot
i’m gay
Brah you can’t compare India with other Asian countries. Have you ever been? Most of India is slum, it’s what China was 30 years ago, it is a literal shit hole no offence
TSLA transferred it's energy into NIO and XPEV
JD!
Yo, don't forget Toasted Cheddar Chalupa
Happy Cake Day!
Most people here won’t understand this
You could just take a picture? lol
Should I yolo some ZM? All the talking heads are saying dark harrowing winter coming up because of the wu flu.
Sell and get NIO
Come on baba bbbby
Wait, long term cap gains are only taxes federally??
Grazies on first.
Can one of you give me a guaranteed 10 bagger?
I would expect some pull back, the "Squeeze" won't happen until the next Q results atleast.. I hope I am wrong tho
Time to start investing in China. EVs are the Future... Literally.
A big second surge in COVID is going to hit senior housing companies hard. Their occupancy rates are falling a lot and their fixed expenses related to coronavirus are really high. Most operators like Brookdale and their REITs were already struggling even before COVID
Die CCL!
Oh really? Wow thanks for educating me, I thought it was Dr Evil in a lab controlling our decisions. The only one being manipulated here is you.
Pay for college lmao

So American
Peter, with great shit comes great volatility.
Pandemic or not, I think DOCU is a no brainer... I’m a salesforce CRM consultant, every single company I’ve worked with uses it for sales agreements and hiring agreements (plus other ops). It’s not going anywhere
oh cmon NIO, touch that 45 and make my calls be ITM
The verdict is the company has sound ideals.

However their initial product doesn’t look ideal.

I’d like to trust growth and adaptability is going to be their future, rather than them releasing a funky little micro car and hoping it goes viral.
Literally every stock in my watchlist is up at least 5 percent.

Unfortunately this includes the ones I have puts on.
Is it true you live in same town or nearby Purple headquarters and so you may have acquaintance with founders?   


Nothing wrong with that, just trying to understand the luck vs genius equation.   


You don’t have to answer, but silence would kinda prove the premise...
puts
They say the same thing to the girls you date after they see them with you; there's no accounting for taste.
I still feel Nio will have a pull back after their earnings. Might get some puts for December just as a hedge
Bro you are going to get left behind lol. You should at least be averaging in.
FUCK YOU
I had a choice LAST FRIDAY to play NIO or GME and of course I chose GME... FUCK
[deleted]
Ooof cool burn dude
My Taco Bell opens at 7 fucking am
GME squeeze coming up
👀 XPEV PTON REV NIO NIU
Baba moon?
Your dad said that too, before tagging out to the next in line.
8:30AM EST
I really hate money. Should I just pick up some NIO puts today?
yea
this
[deleted]
Fuck Taco Bell. Why does this shit not open til 10 fucking AM yet breakfast ends at 10:30. 

Bitch I’m at work by then
Stonk Wars Season 11 is getting lit af  [🔥](https://emojipedia.org/fire/)
Green by opening lmfao
I kept my JD calls because they didn't go up that much and you bet your ass I'm not letting go of it
I have MSFT 215, 220 but bought them in september
AAPL I have 215 also.. september
FB 275, 295, also.... SEPTEMBER.

FML
My man
Have you seen altered carbon?
Let’s go NIO knights of PLTR
I beat my meat while watching XPEV go up
Oh really? My bad I was thinking 8 I hadn’t even looked
That gangster kid is me. We're not done yet.
[deleted]
Moon day?
New thread up retards
NIO my mans
Same, I pánico sold.
Probably due to the 14 Asian nation trade deal
First comment means my atvi calls gonna print today


Edit: yep knew I was gonna go broke
The casino is open
Imagine selling NIO yesterday with $50 happening today 😂
1st
The Big Short?
Found the marketing person!  Gold.
Ban
Any believe the 4-6 weeks?

Gotta feeling it will be months.

Maybe until March 2021.
I got a series x. Only had to box out this gangster kid who thought he was hard
Buy JD, there's still room to run.
[deleted]
Pc but want to play spoderman :(
[deleted]
[deleted]
No bitcoin.

Seriously, read the posting guidelines before shitting up our sub.
Its so comfortable, he doesn't need the 7-8hrs of sleep.
Don't take it personally, yeeesh. Bagholder?
Damnnn I had JD 11/20 $97c but sold for 50% profit to put money elsewhere. Basically everything else I have is slightly up (other than the ZM calls are big) But not JD up 

Was thinking I’d be able to get in on one more dip damn it
And its green
I'm honestly shocked I've never been banned from here as a political posting furry
to the moon
Women
Tbh it will dip and get all these momentum trading I diots out. But long term I have no reason to doubt them.
[removed]
Yes
 🤡
How are the numbers?
Prob PlayStation since that’s what I’m currently running
Nio
I am a clown for selling my PDD calls yesterday afternoon
Lol if you think PLTR will do nothing but tank after earnings, you are retarded. This is coming from someone who has PLTR shares. I’ll probably sell most of it today
Yeah but youre also responsible for Ted Cruz and Nickelback...
PlayStation
Oof idkkkk
Gonna be ITM soon
Ps5
Rip
Yes the chances of it hitting 47 seems very unlikely. Get fucked by theta gang
[deleted]
Glad it worked out 🍻
All hail Asion!
AMD
MSFT - nope

AAPL - possible

FB - nope
I should add that I have shares and sold calls on them for Friday, which are bound to be called away.
Is that in basic terms what happened?
PC
What app is this?
PC
What is the first target for anti-monopoly regulations in the Chinese market? Oh right, its BABA...
Yeah I also think they are a very good option actually have you looked at their iv?
To put this into perspective, that loss could have helped fund:

-13,000 Seed rounds.

-1,300 Series A rounds.

-130 Late series rounds.

-13 Major pre-IPO raises.
Oh you’re speaking from the argument of “unpromising”
[deleted]
So you guys going Xbox or Playstation?
Damn and no after earnings dump? I might even hold NIO through earnings. I was planning to sell right before but I might hold
Its like that one movie with that one guy
good thing for me cause NIO and LI about to make me rich
Actually curious, what does Mars retrograde usually mean?
tsla 420 reminds me of Lost s4e5: 

“The Constant”
[deleted]
You'd be better off selling and rolling down to more realistic strikes
Lmfao!
It’s always the one we don’t expect that preform the best lol no one ever mentioned fosl 😂😂😂
Look at PDD hope it gives BABA a boost
[deleted]
Apple will blow past 130 less than a month
Ride or die for my NIO homies! 👨🏼‍🚀😎
If it drops to 20 I'm dropping stupid money into shares and I won't shut up about it for years.
Shitcoin up and gold flat? Might just buy shares of Barrick
[deleted]
Ye but their consumption is off the charts. All of shitty Asia on the come up.
My JD and NIO leaps are really liking it
Curious if we can manipulate the market this way
Robinhood traders be like
Same thing would happen as week of election, moon all week. Whole sub was balls deep in puts for Monday and Tuesday and see what happened...
PUTS 

I’ve got so many PUTS ON ZOOM my PUTS ON ZOOM will PRINT TODAY
#PER

.

.


.


.


.


.


.


.

.


.

#CENT
Not sure if you heard but the one single person in America that wanted a trade war won’t be in position to continue the trade war in a matter of months.
[deleted]
Pton and tdoc also in play
NIO don’t care about no resistance
If rich people ever figure out how not to die from old age. That prolly not a good thing
FB, PYPL, Founders Fund??? You alright mate?
Because it’s like a springboard down there
[deleted]
Where’s baba though?
Touché
You belong in /investing
Have you seen their car?
Low quality b8
Don’t forget CHWY
Chinese stocks are really killing it, god damn
They could have bothered at least to design a new grille.
Lol an excellent track record. Not sure what you’ve been smoking but he has a terrible track record. The FBI and other investigators have been looking into Mithril Capital. He contradicts himself. He sold out for political favors. What a clown.
This aged well
Handily
We should just refer to them as business calls from now on
[removed]
[deleted]
Damn so you’re living off like 48 cents this week?
^(You're doing great! 👍)
None of these will happen any time soon.
Best time for a walk, a smoke and crayons 🖍
ER released already.
Did XPEV beat earnings?
True but I won't pretend I'm not
yeah, this just happened by itself
Stay away from it. I've bunch of calls
Already have zoom ATVI right at open way way oversold people are going to still play video games new call of duty coming out should go right back up 
I hope it stays flat till open tho 😂

Docu doesn’t seem like a bad choice either
Political comment
it is already out bruh
Is that good or bad ?
[deleted]
There is a Scott's tots joke in there somewhere
Thiel is fundamentally a libertarian though and has an excellent track record. PLTR is working with other countries not just USA. Therefore, place your bets
Huh, til I’ve been banned twice from this sub
My man
i don't think perma bears are real , what do they do if spy went to 0?
Pretty dope! Can i know where you are learning Python from?
Guys if MM’s and algos read this sub, we should all be bearish and say we have puts. See what happens
Hey bears, give me your positions for the next 2 weeks
What the fuck? Ban
Buy Hilton?
201006 is the day I was banned - October 06, 2020 and 35 is the length 

The 2 I have no idea
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/11/biden-covid-advisor-says-us-lockdown-of-4-to-6-weeks-could-control-pandemic-and-revive-economy.html

This would be fucking wild. All in on ZM, DOCUSIGN, ATVI. Puts on DIS, airlines, travel
i read all that shit and i got absolutely 0 info that is even remotely relevant. can anyone ban this fucker?
[deleted]
Can one of these actually happen so I can get out of some of my positions.  
MSFT reach 235 within like 1 month?  
AAPL reach 130 within like 1 month?  
FB reach 315 within like 1 month?
Don’t blow your load just yet, XPEV earnings at 8 could make both of them tank this is just a run up in anticipation
I just like that someone wants to talk to me
[removed]
You’re thinking about this way too hard. The election is over.

https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/11/politics/kfile-trump-officials-2016-election-results/index.html

But if you insist on pushing your terrible asymptote example, my point was each day the chances they overturn a finished election by disenfranchising a hundred thousand people across multiple states goes down exponentially
So Bill Ackman is hedging for a crash again. Y’all know what to do
What got you banned
Mine would have said 3million profit, and I’m banging 2 blond chicks and bought the Tesla plaid addition.
Ban
And if my grandmother had wheels she would’ve been a bike. If this were a real account you would’ve paper handed and got out at 10%
No, but saw the huge fade yesterday on it.
Any autist wants to help a student? Might have lost "little" in investment
"Fundumentalz"? First time I hear about that  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Mars retrograde ends Friday so get ready for a blood bath. 

Oh also dark pools be selling stonks and are buying up $UVXY big time. Also my options nerd friend says market makers are positioned weird with regards to their volatility hedging so watch out.
You can buy PS5s online, directly from Sony. Short GME.
[removed]
Date, length of ban, number of bans
I'll take 'What is DD, for a $1000, Alex"

'Pre-preliminary discussions will begin in January 2022.'  Real Autist we got here boys.

I'm just gonna leave this here for the next guy [Link](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nikola-shareholder-notice-020900259.html)
[removed]
Yolo call options on margin bro. Doesn’t matter what stock, stonks only go up.
XPEV, Chyna EV tendies are the way
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because you never worked in that industry. As someone who has, r&d is expansive and those car companies have multiple projects and research and that’s where innovation comes from. It’s not just cars. It’s everything. 

Like if you think Facebook is just a communication company you have so much to learn about big tech... they’re everywhere. From medicine to psychology to everything. They’re not just tech lol
Dude think smarter not harder. If you start with 960k, you need only ONE 4-5% play to hit a mil.
Eww you sound like a r/investing normie
This is digital begging.  

At least sell reacharounds or something.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Buy 6month out 50c sell 60c
Stonup.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'STONKS GONUP' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
STONKS GONUP
DKNG 48 11/13
What does yours mean? Is there a code or random numbers?
I also had stop limits trigger.  F.
Breaking: UK GDP grew 15.5%

Americans: We don’t care
lmao imagine NIO breaking thru 45 resistance in PM
Sounds like a dollar amount from McDonalds Value Menu
Disagree. They’re dumping shares on retail who thinks they have a perpetual monopoly on government security just because Thiel donated a ton to the outgoing president and got four years of good favors for it

You realize they IPOed before the election for a reason right?
[deleted]
[removed]
that clown emoji makes it
NIO holy shit, I am gonna nut with my $44/$45 calls
Don’t be a pussy
Any of you in $FUBO?
If Biogen could go back to 350 that would be great
I hold 47c for Friday... you’re welcome for the tendies
[deleted]
I'm sure NIO CEO is very sad that you don't make money.
These ban flairs are equivalent to federal inmate numbers 

WEAR IT WITH PRIDE YALL
Same
Friday 13th. Be just the kind of sick humour for a whale to tank everything tmrw
When you’re bagholding Peter Thiel’s shares, remember who profited off of this
I’m just waiting for Tesla to be at $420.69 in premarket, we just need 49 cents
Tshirt pretty weird too, calls all the way.
Headline of Chinese news today : Ma tango'ed with Xi's daughter and he's somehow impressed. CCP have decided to forgive for my BABA call's sake.
Have a few Jan 135c PDD...it ain't much, but it'll be honest gains
what you just said is buy the dip but with extra steps
Dude if an algorithm was really following our shit the market would crash like 1929. We’re like double agents, constant misinformation on both side of every hot play.
False
Maybe then you should not be investing that money. Just saying...
[deleted]
You don’t use Safari in private mode? Puts on your data privacy
So if you are owed a significant amount of money, you're not going to do the analysis and present it to the judge?

Of course you would. GTFO.
Still feel like *CASH GANG* is the move. 

Feel like we will still slow bleed for another week or two / rotate into random shit

AAPL —> $109 at least before pump again
Deep, but I think I’ve got it. Man, wheels within wheels...
No chance he actually follows through with it.
Peak WSB - when you sort by new and see 3 posts in a row showing Tesla’s premarket price
You see the little word in the title all by itself. I know we don’t read in WSB, but it says U P,

Yep, you got it!! Up

D A

Yes I’m dada. Oh yes I am. Oooh yes I am wittel baby. That’s right Da.

T E.

No not tea.

It spells, Update. Can you say it with me boys and girls? Uppppdayyyyte.

(No offense though lol 💋)
That can be announced, but will not be recorded in their books due to accounting standards.
ok buddy wetahd
why would you think you deserve bking?
Grow not grew lol
We got straight to What are Your Moves Tomorrow 13 Nov thread
Lysencephaly represent
[deleted]
Tomorrow might be the day finally baba gets a break
Nobody gives a shit about covid anymore because it only kills people who are weak
It seems a lot like what happened with Rocket Mortgages! I will buy on the post-earnings dip, this looks like something worth holding shares and leaps for.
Good bot
That just means you are dumb and lazy. The only thing flawed is your ability to complete what you started. 

Worked full time and toked a fuck load of weed.
Tsla
One of my favorite things is seeing the negative comments calling other people idiots, and reading their comment history. Coincidentally, the toxic people are the ones to never post positions.
I called an option at $47 for NIO ending 11/13/20. Am i retarded? My first options trade
already am. enjoy poverty lol 🤡
FSLY tanked 30% over the two days following the ban announcement. No ban = potential FSLY rally.
[deleted]
Finally going public yay! Lol
Where can I download these indicator?
[deleted]
Bro. The end product is a car. Yeah the newer ones have safety tech and other bullshit but everything in life gets small improvements like that. It’s still just a mode of transportation.


TECH can do anything! It can solve so many problems! Tech is limitless! Tech is the cloud, cyber security, social networks, subscriptions, ads, etc. EVs can only do shit for cars and transport. 

Why don’t you smooth brains understand
you dense motherfucker I hope you go all in on NIO
Why do you think this
[deleted]
[deleted]
China regulation is just noise. Companies like SE will take away a fuck ton of market share from BABA if regulations were imposed. Logically speaking, how likely is it for the Chinese government to hurt themselves doing that? Zero percent chance.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You can buy dry ice at a grocery store so its not exactly scarce. Getting enough of it to ship stuff though is probably a challenge
Never
its ok i have puts too
[removed]
> My gut feeing is it’s overbought but brain says it’s a safe investment.

It can be both. That big tech is overbought doesn't mean it'll crash bigly. For the next few years it might just sit flat, or kang-gang +-7%, because it's already priced in way more years of growth.

But this is clown market so we'll probably see 20% per quarter gains on flat revenues.
Flat day confirmed
Never!! This is Merica and we won’t allow a filthy Brit to invade.
I can lose all or nothing. Not just .17
And that the new vaccine wont increase its stocks?
Why is small caps going green? So stupid. 

This literally shows how the market can not rise without tech leading the way up. Look at Monday with the vaccine news, tech was drilling and literally dragged the entire market down and Vix ended up +3% on a day where some indices hit limit fucking up.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Shhhh
Berlin is pretty great (from my limited experience)
If your obese you can probably capitolize on that make some YouTube fitness journey covid quartine bullshit make vids of it And boom money moves. You probably have a high chance to get on the news then make money. If you really wanna make money tho nio calls preferably long calls
I HAVE SO MANY SPY CALLS. WOW I WOULD BE SO UPSET IF MY SPY CALLS WERE TO EXPIRE WORTHLESS TOMORROW BECAUSE SPY DOWN TO 350. WOW IT WOULD ANGER ME AND SO MANY PEOPLE A LOT IF WE WERE TO HAVE A VERY RED DAY TOMORROW
Fuck GME
does this mean that pfizer is a bad buy right now or no?
[removed]
Green by open 🇺🇸
[deleted]
So you ate your way into a state of living off handouts from taxpayers?.  All while presumably racking up tons of expenses in medical care that taxpayers pay for?  And are looking to gamble the remaining few pennies you have that taxpayers gave to you?

Got that right? 

You'll fit in just fine here.  Take your $150 and play the lottery you'll have better chances.
[deleted]
That kid probably makes more money than a grown man lmao!
Cheese dip
[deleted]
Why reveal these details about yourself sir
I just sold my positions yesterday. It can go either way.. But I can see a dump coming soon.
[removed]
[removed]
Explain ban flair?
Wait you aren't getting those margin calls already?
Man fake out on bears. Not going to laugh because we’re all just trying to make money but damn. Every night this week they go to sleep happy and probably tell their wives they love them, only to wake up to this.
This is a really optimistic view but yea it is looking good right now
[deleted]
What dip should I look out for at open?
Don’t we all.
Just barely
Does flair mean u been banned twice for total of 10 days? Or what?
[removed]
The worst fetish you could have as a guy is looking at your own flaccid penis.
I HAVE SO MANY SPY PUTS. WOW I WOULD BE SO UPSET IF MY SPY PUTS WERE TO EXPIRE WORTHLESS TOMORROW BECAUSE SPY WENT TO 370. WOW IT WOULD ANGER ME AND SO MANY PEOPLE A LOT IF WE WERE TO HAVE A VERY GREEN DAY TOMORROW.
[deleted]
There is zero percent chance CCP does anything to seriously fuck BABA. Are you kidding? They're gonna protect their local companies at all cost. Imagine CCP breaking up BABA or imposing serious regulations that would hurt them. Not gonna happen. BABA already experiencing reduced market share from non-Chinese companies like $SE. Chinese government would lose a lot more than they would gain if regulations were imposed on BABA. It's just noise. I bought the MF dip yesterday and I hope everyone else did too. It prints cash and will continue to do so. Every factory in China works with them, they are a literal monopoly. They're down over 17% in 2 weeks and they just had the largest single day in revenues ever recorded. This shit isn't gonna slow anytime soon. BABA will make it back to $280 **at least** in no time. The only bear case is the Chinese government...which isn't a case at all because at the same time they don't want foreign companies becoming so large in their own market.
manufacturing and infrastructure to serve 700 mil have already been in place for decades. its just repurposing for much more sustainable tech. you're not very bright. stay poor.
SOLO 100%
Patience, young one
Where can you freeride besides Robin Hood ?
ZM&PTON short squeeze 😎
Lmfao, why was I ever worried about my /ES call
TSLA moves like a boomer stock now
Just a little under 5 bagger I think. I also watched the movie recently and was telling myself how shitty it was to make a movie about an autist making such low profit. Like even if he 100% knew so much bullshit could have happened to save housing. Bears win so rarely that they made a movie about one 5 baggers.
Which EV companies are promising and unpromising long-term?
[deleted]
Diamond hands
You're fucked
Nio puts is next level retardation I’m sorry
Well yea, since shareholders are investing while you're gambling. If you're investing over 10 years, the market spiking or crashing is typically meaningless unless it takes down the company you're invested in (or props them up) and so even then you see -30% days as great buy-in opportunities. When you're gambling, those spikes of volitility are what make or break you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nah I get it
Its called refinancing and its quite common actually
Red futures? That’s illegal
hold pltr and buy nio puts
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nice.jpg

**URL:** https://redd.it/jssdjs
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jssdjs) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/TofuTofu, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Lemmykilmister1
Thebush121
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
it is tho manufacturing and infrastructure for 700 million billion chinese shit mobiles every ten years requires a shit load of resources
Hard times make hard men
9 bucks profit.  Well done
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bears this is why we can never celebrate. We always wake up to this fucking disappointment.
CEO to the moon
[removed]
if it was supposed to be dd that is....instead of a very simple observation. i forgot im surrounded by genius investors who only speak in stock reports and dd.
Was watching parks and rec on Peacock and realised that’s the only streaming network I’ve been watching for the past few weeks. Soccer, news, and some good shows. Immediately set up some limit call orders for tomorrow on robinhood before going to sleep, will wake up to no execution ☺️
Rkt is just going to shoot up to 30 for no reason as soon as everyone sells their calls.
[removed]
XPEV up 12% pre-market, noice
When’s new thread?
At this point this moronic country will have herd immunity before the vaccine come out if possible.
I'd like to apologize to whoever bought the RKT FDs I wrote on Tuesday. If it makes you feel any better I've already lost the profits and then some 🤡
Buy tendies when others are greedy, be greedy when others buy tendies.
Terrible. Sad!
[deleted]
no it was me
[deleted]
Wow smh. Of course. I was saying this would happen if Nasdaq was leading the way. Fucking Christ.
Just hold, earnings iv crush will be recouped within the month
Discard any news regarding Tik Tok, China is never selling that.
Lose .17 and then it will be ok
I have a NIO call for 12/24, when should I start worrying about Theta on that
You’ve given yourself heart disease to the point where you can’t contribute to society? 

And you’re bragging about that?
[deleted]
Alle sind gerade beim Verkaufen beschäftigt. #europoor
Time it with earnings next Tuesday.
I’ll bite
Now now we’re all degenerates here, we’re all one retarded yolo away from doing this
Like I said, that already happens regardless of popular vote or electoral college. Everyone in power has degrees so the argument is useless because it wouldn’t change anything when it comes to who has degrees or not that are leading.
theta gang will take your life. I learned the hard way
Haha by the time they wake up it will be buried in comments about Nio 😂
They smell even better. Try shoving them up your nose.
Same
[deleted]
[deleted]
Market reaction is really tempting me to hold on to PLTR and NIO through earnings...somebody convince me otherwise
Half of these companies will end up like gsx and lk
I am not sure that is how it works.  I work for an investment bank and they are only allowed to lend your shares out if you authorize it.  My advice would be review your contract with the broker, from there you will see if he is lending the shares out.  My guess would be, yes they are.  And most likely you will not get great prices if you agree not to lend them out.  So setting a high limit sell order would have zero effect, especially if your shares are held in a pool.  Ive seen many trades fail to settle on Settlement date due to "Shares being out on loan"
We can only focus on so many meme stocks.
PLTR calls
You limp leafers
What about bathwater? Did they test Lisa Su bathwater? This could be a whole new market for AMD.
**Breaking:** TikTok says the Trump administration has forgotten about trying to ban it, would like to know what’s up” as deadline to sell is this week. - The Verge


LMAO
Time to go back to bed boomer stocks.
It’s true, $1700 is enough for you to live off ramen and cereal for another year
[deleted]
imagine you are a bull but you bought calls on value stocks rather than Chinese EVs
Grab some xpev puts end of day.  Stock offering coming soon
People been talking nonstop about NIO that they forgot about SPCE. 20% GAIN in the past week
[deleted]
and........................... its gone
Look at that PDD chart. It's poetic
Not this week. I dont want my covered calls hitting.
almost +14% pm for XPEV, wow jesus. If only i didn't have all of my money tied into NIO yesterday already lol
Clearly WSB is bullish as fuck. Literally when has that worked out
Why not 690?
STOP THE PUMP
Good, getting cash at the end is the goal of options.
Well of course I didn’t read it. If I remember the old article correctly they were doing Call Debit Spreads and buying shares at the same time. So if they are down only the short leg, you are right. Softbank is the next Tyson, the new tendie maker.
Ford up 20% last 90 days. Money is money.
[deleted]
GDRX 💊 !!!!
[deleted]
The future for trucks are hybrid by Traton, thank me later.
[deleted]
How many more times does this have to get posted?
[deleted]
I have a pretty good feeling the market will move to the right, but who really knows? I have calls on this continued to the right direction though, so it’ll probably go left.
How many more times does this have to get posted?
[deleted]
The holy grail 🦄 in trading are leading indicators, and XPENG seems to be just that right now. A leading indicator for what's to come for NIO and LI. Adjust accordingly 🌕
ZM dumps on the next vaccine pump, not necessarily before that.
[deleted]
[removed]
Just gotta fully detach from that cash...fully. Difficult for certain, especially starting on day 4
You’re retarded
I trust in apple, amazon, and Tesla. iPhone 12 is all sold out right now. Holiday season is coming. And well Tesla have plenty to grew maybe not going to burst right now, it’s definitely going to grew a lot in the future.
My cousin’s dad who works at Pfizer said their vaccine  trial included an arm that tested the vaccine + Lisa Su’s breast milk and it worked *even better* than the vaccine alone.

Just wanted to give you guys a heads up
Wow ur an idiot
I am playing spreads this week so actually I will be making money even if it stays flat 🙈🙈🤡
[deleted]
K.
One does not simply “sell NIO calls”. This son is some retardation
YOLO it on NIO
Never say never. Next thing you know virgin galactic making airplanes 😂
Leap debit spreads? You may be better off just buying the leaps and selling otm monthly calls against them.
TITZ
Bought a $270 BABA call for friday just before closing :D
Actually if you read the full FT article, SoftBank is down $3.7bn only in their short calls. I suspect they're sitting on fat unrealized gains from their long leg.
Can AAPL legit back to 135 already? Stop being a little bitch
Idk but this guy at my local Wendy’s gives me a ‘happy meal’ with a burger, fries, drink and butt sex for $20 every lunchtime
Big green nut
[deleted]
And .69% after hours 😁
The same can be said if you have 1000 dollars. Double it 10 times without any lost in between and you’ll be a millionaire. Sound simple too as you just gotta find the bottom of a stock when it got dump and place a debit spread at that number and by strike date if it’s still at that number or the stock grow 10%+ from that number you woulda double your money. But easier said than done as always.
[deleted]
Its going to be a cold winter. Braces yourselfs kids. Flu + Rona + Investors trying to call the rotation from growth to value = Margin call
all my homies just wanna see NIO burst thru ATH again
[deleted]
[deleted]
That's why you won't end up college debt free, because i shorted your budget
What are you doing honey?
“Im just doing some research”
That shit going back to 150-160
Why?
Usually, it is not allowed to pay of loans with other loans. At least I never saw anyone give out a loan without terms like this.
I'm tired of that price, need 520
Nice
Think i'm going to dip my dick into amazon today. Fuckit, bored of sitting on the sidelines
Going back to bed, EV pump is guaranteed if XPEV doesn’t royally fuck their CC
[deleted]
god these guys are pulling me so hard.. keep... going.... almost... there...
I like your brain sir
Sir, this is a casino. STFU and GTFO
Depends on the tech
It's been on expert mode for the past few months and most people here play weeklies and get wiped out
Why is the stock so flat considering they came up with a vaccine?
Think i'm just going to dip my dick into amazon today fuck it
Better load up them ZM puts at open
oh! wow! so surprised, haha 420 meme. \*cough\* Elon musk \*cough\*
i hope so
Never gonna buy a put again
Tesla is 420
[deleted]
I'd say under 450 tomorrow. 380-400 support then reversal upon more covid news scares and more lock downs
Thought you were talking about NIO for a second but yeah BA suck.
What’s a good call spread?
/r/smallstreetbets
Lets not pretend the British culture is suddenly American. The only American cultural influence is junk food, obesity and hollywood movies. I guess you can throw hipity hop music in there too if you deem that culture.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fingers crossed for market holding the rally and not fading at 9am this fucking time
[deleted]
Interesting idea.. you may be on to something
[deleted]
Link me
Either im a salty WSB boomer or everyone in here is pussies now
Press F for the retards at Softbank that pumped the market and were up $4bn just to be down $3.7bn.

$7.7bn of absolute retardation.
Just 6 hours ago there was bears all over the place talking about doomsday with -0.5 futures... they’re going to wake up and yell market manipulation 🙈 “STOP THE COUNT”
‘ ...at least I can’t lose any more money now ‘

Oh come bud believe in yourself!
Prove it.

I’m pretty sure those numbers are in a different currency if I’m remembering the article you’re referencing
Tesla is a bubble fight meh right now.
Usually goes left to right, except in new zealand.
This EV pump is crazy. I love it
Here. For pre market and AH: r/dragonsfuckingcars
Just had to get back to 420
Ye indeed. Will prob buy again whenever it dips a bit today..
It used to be a bear bull battle at night but now ita just a bloodbath for the bears
You really think evs gonna stay the same for a whole dacade? Two words, exponential growth.
Where is Xpeng's cash flow statement???? Can only see balance sheet and income statement
 ʕ ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°ʔ
https://i.imgur.com/PtAmuIr.jpg
You were raped: you don’t even have the jail break flair! Must try harder...
damn how much did you sepnd on that amzn call and when did you get it
Start with $500 cash account. Make a play a day for 20% and you have a mil in under 50 days.

That’s like guessing a coin toss 50 times in a row and the chances are 1:4,000,000,000 or something achievable like that
We need mango back in office. This is boring....

It's like gordon ramsay getting fired from his show
Not with that attitude we’re not
[removed]
Confirmed
but why
Is tech still a safe play in the medium term (6 months)? My gut feeing is it’s overbought but brain says it’s a safe investment.
NIO 65 AFTET EARNINGS!
🙏
NIO +20% EOW!
Big Tech 

Big Media 

Fukin clowns 🤡🤡🤡
Pfizer testing it on Covid
I think it's going to go down a little bit first
That don't mean shit. They probably won't find shit. That's what the 13% jump means
PDD with a big beat.
[deleted]
That’s just part of improving your product. Who gives a fuck. Your end product is still a fuckin car 

It’s not “tech” like software and ecosystems. Your product is a CAR
Yolo on weed stocks. Lose it all
Yes, full authoritarian-facistic regime if China asshoe overtakes the world through their economy and bribery/corruption
When people say tsla 150 is overpriced pre split 🤡
[deleted]
Nah, Donnie loves China, he just puts on a show for his racist scared audience
Have you driven any 2020 models bro? Do you see the tech inside of it? .... you think a car is just a car nowadays? You must be driving a Camry 1995
Lmao
there’s been an eerie dropoff in activity on the places I frequent since the election, it’s really strange
Might as well profit from it
They all went broke
[deleted]
You're telling me there are other subs?
Sorry bro but you can make a comeback fuck the bad vibes
Give me sexy
right right? damn younger children always stealing the spotlight...
Good thing I took a bunch of screenshots of my account on Monday.  I can just look at them when feeling depressed.
When tech drops BA also drops
Fosl 🚀🚀🚀🚀
No
Saw a video where analyst stated TSLA ‘worth’ $87 pre split. That was NOT a long time ago.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It will. You don't think people gonna be ordering Xmas gifts like crazy. Buy calls for jan/feb
XPENG PULLS NIO AND LI 

NEXT WEEK NIO PULLS XPENG AND LI

THEN NEXT LI PULLS NIO AND XPENG

NEXT TSLA PULLS ALL 3 to ATH  

NEXT ALL 3 PULLS TSLA TO ATH
we're all equally as autistic my friend 😔
Are we going to become a technocratic asian dominated world?
Again, would you rather own sexy tech (Tesla, Nio, Apple) or "value" trash
Do us a favor and sell them or buy poots
Today is the final nail in the coffin for the bears. They got to experience market at -0.6% for 2 hours LOL
Rekt. Like his mum.
Bill Gates got him
500 miles is 804.67 km
Who just bought the top?
You need a job for when you lose it all. How else will you restart. Also $150 isn’t even worth wasting your time investing.
yep just keep holding nio. or play the xpeng continuation . also fuck pltr.
Yeah me too! It’s hard reading on a computer screen though but it’s better than paying 100$
Yeah I bet there’s no tech involved in getting a Tesla to 500 miles on one charge
What the fuck happened to this sub? This place used to be lively as fuck, even during the late hours. Now it's dead as Mango's presidency.
Ok actually tho how the hell did you do this. Can you tell me the next stock your going to buy or sell or do options for.
[deleted]
Nah, thats just indigestion. Take some pepto and buy tech calls.
From money.cnn 17 analysts offering 12months forecast for NIO

Medium is 155.80
High is 310.32 

JUST SAYING YOU KNOW
XPENG pulling NIO and LI. But XPENG will soon pass the torch to NIO and LI. This is gonna be a three piece combo.
[deleted]
Why would you even use that unless it's for looking at companies Financials?
The fact that BA is above 170 at all with no sales or income is absurd
[we post good DD sometimes](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jkbo1d/why_the_market_is_dumping_tomorrow/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Bout tree fiddy
I hope NIO tanks to 20 so that ppl stop talking about it here
Always do the opposite of Reddit. /r/stocks had a hard on for this but I knew it was a limp dick since the parent company is Quicken Loans.
[deleted]
Thank God someone understands basic accounting here.
Yo wtf i was banned by admins for 3 days for saying mods are g... Isnt that a common reddit saying wtf??

Puts on reddit
If Jio (Indian monopoly on Tech and internet) ever comes to the US, go all in no matter what. Nothing yet to yolo on tbvh. 
Also to all the cucks saying we don’t have running water or we shit on the streets, you’re right..
[deleted]
Don't touch that shit unless the whole market takes it down with it
Just stfu.... it’s up 1%
You too man. Thanks for helping shit in this country you know. Function. Lmao.
you sold before earnings? wtf..
I'm bullish until Thursday afternoon, gay bearish Thursday evening to Friday, probably somewhat bullish again Monday.
[deleted]
It's HOW they make money. To sell for a profit, they need fomo buyers.  To buy at a discount they need panic sellers.
Vaccine news came out Monday pm. Yesterday market realised it’ll be a long time still until the vaccine can be mass distributed, implying it’s actually as effective on large scale as in their study cases.
XPEV you're not suppose to outshine your brother NIO!
I dont know what Donnie is trippin about.... China is fucking dope
ALL IN NIO FOR 100X PROFIT!
Correct
If you have to ask then yes
💀🙌🏻 call spreads sir.
Don’t jinx it bro
So nio calls at open?
BA Index.
when BA drops, tech 📈
if NIO beats earnings it could be a $100 stock by March
So earnings is basically 0.15-0.16/share, well above the 0.02 estimate.
[deleted]
True. Last time I sold my calls amzn went 8% parabolic afterwards
BABA is alive. It's going to be a great day
Ok see you on the other side
Go get a job and try again
Always always green by open boys remember it😂
XPEV $50 by EOD
You're on a path to greatness, 24 cents per day. Have faith.
[deleted]
Big brain people know buying puts on AMZN is the way to go right now.

[https://www.investors.com/news/technology/amazon-stock-european-commission-antitrus-violations-amzn/](https://www.investors.com/news/technology/amazon-stock-european-commission-antitrus-violations-amzn/)
50 million sales
What time’s RDHL releasing ER?
Coz u have calls
NIO calls at open?
XPEV +10% PM, fuck me I hope NIO rides this and does as well when it is its turn too
[deleted]
BABA reversal today 🤤
Exp?
Thanks, gonna look for a soild buy in tomorrow
But it’s just a big ass car. It’s not “tech”. The only “tech” is self driving and most companies like Mercedes are just saying fuck it and partnering with WAYMO a GOOGLE tech company for that shit.

ITS JUST A CAR! It will only be car related. It can’t do the shit actual tech can.

This EV craze is retarded. I’ve just had an epiphany
This is what happens when you see too many $250->$20k threads
started from $15.9k?
I feel like there’s going to be a fake rally again
Stets zu diensten Meister
tech pump on lockdown news LETSGOOOOOOO. 

&#x200B;

apparently a vaccine means nobody uses a computer anymore. fking boomers.
nah. delete the app and go find a job.
They aren't optimizing for the benefit of society. Also I don't think it was the algos that decided to rotate sectors. Trading firms are always operating in ways that obfuscate their intentions, so they can drive waves of traders in the opposite direction that they themselves intend to go. Business men doing business.
All i want is for the dollar to ve back to 1.03 USD/CHF
tech rotation into tech just like every day
There is no stock app worse than yahoo finance they can’t even get a fucking price right
Who is still trading TSLA the piece of shit see-sawing stock?
You’re*. Imagine making a basic grammar mistake when debating intelligence.
Where did you find all the information I keep looking for it but just find that purple is cool and does something related to matterces.
It might just do it in pre market...
Probably true, however the government wont let it because it's a 1% chunk of US GDP.
Fuck Trevor
Imagine a china EV stock pumping TSLA
NIO puts here. Gotta inverse this place.
A analyst wrote a few days before that the Tesla stock became „mature“ haha
GBTC LEAPS
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Are we rotating back into tech due to COVID now?
I think broke means it holds through the trading dat?
Why can’t Amazon just hit 4200!!!
So Nikola received subpoenas and is up 13%? That explains this market in a nutshell
Booking Holdings
TSLA now boomer stock. Price capped at $420.69 for next decade....
[removed]
[deleted]
Spongebob reference upvote
over / under ZM will hit 450 today
Breadline is over there
SPY about to go green. Get fucked bears
Man with steel balls right here.
[deleted]
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS?!?!?! OMG SEND ME A PIC. I QUIT MY JOB. I WORK FOR YOU NOW.

But, anyway, I’m just bored. I enjoyed the shade throwing, man. No real hard feelings. Best of luck.
because climate change, automotive accidents, driver's fatigue, battery capacity, etc are problems we've collectively been trying to solve/improve for decades. Plus it's cool shit.
For all the NIO shills, I’m a bull too but we’re not hitting 50 today lol
It is predictable to a certain extent.
Something like that, yes 😃 good luck
Millennials don't have a future anyways so just come here and enjoy yourself
Yeah, it started for me when we got a lab puppy. He gets up early and now so do I. Actually, it's not bad. It's quiet, I can get work done, and browse WSB for nuggets of autistic wisdom.
Pdd is my new baba 🌝
Bruh I know! My grandparents lived there! Ima send their advisor an email today.
No, I don’t think I will
Stole my lightning. A bit precarious about getting back into this one.
[deleted]
Fuck your puts
still blows my mind that yall dont realize boeing is a terribly run company sucking on the government’s teat just to stay afloat in this shit. NEGATIVE PLANES SOLD! dont buy dip and definitely dont fomo
Lol xpev is killing it😂
Weak attempt buddy
Agreed. The government will never allow it thou.
₿ 👏🏻 did 👏🏻 it 👏🏻 bois 

🚀🚀broke 16k🚀🥳
[deleted]
Life what’s ur schedy
**PLTR can't stop, won't stop**
Hold on, the market didn’t price this is? Even my dogs shit knew they were to relase their own chip before the end of the year. F me, should have bought puts.
I don’t even know why this is the only sub I visit. There are countless other topics, endless curiosities to fulfill.  Yet here I am, on the most degenerate sub of the entire Internet. I don’t know why that is, maybe it’s the lack of pedantic judgement or the care-free quasi-nihilistic nature of this place.
you mean the company with the planes that keep falling out of the sky? yeah . go figure. they deserve to die
Unless your calls are short dated, I’d hold it with a death grip. Did you see their Singles day numbers? Makes Amazon look like a lemonade stand
bruh they have sold negative planes this year
shitcoin rally is unreal
[deleted]
You’re crazy
Yeah I think playing nio on its own is enough of a gamble. If for some reason Chinese eV / stocks take a blow, like with baba, then you've been hit twice with nio & xpev. What's a good growth stock to go with nio & pltr long term hold? Would like a potential x5 bagger
11/20 $570 call too bullish?
LMAO people were saying BA gotta hit 200 because it was already so close at 190
[deleted]
You record both the cash collection and a liability for unearned revenue.

It’s an increase to assets and liabilities until they perform the service which moves the liability into the income statement as they record revenue.
TSLA 1/2023 450c's looking like a snacc
xpeng and nio yeeet
Too late lol
Haha the US is unnecessarily the ass hole all the time! Calm down uncle Sam!
[deleted]
LISTEN UP XPENG BEAT EARNING BY A LOT AND HUGE 

NIO EARNING BEAT WILL BE EVEN LARGER!
[removed]
[deleted]
Ban this idiot
you won't care when its $100 +
lovely. To cash in or not, that is the question today. Nice
[deleted]
How fucking stupid are you? Its lose. Using loose doesn’t even make it funny. Goddamn stop buying 0DTEs then. Fucking goddamn idiot.
ALL IN XPENG
I had a terrible feeling about it,  *so far* its gone as good as it can
Yeah that overhype due to vaccine news fucked all FOMO'ers.
That’s literally the least riskiest trade you can possibly take.
it was up 9% in Hong Kong, so probably mooning more
BA deserves to be bankrupt but y’all don’t wanna hear the truth 👏🏾
Good luck with that. IV gonna be huge
Fuck the retail/retards. Literally their goal, they like it more than making money
we're in this together, retard. Jesus take the wheel
I’m with you. All the way deep in GME
No more school for me to go to, brother.

But, people like you remind me how fortunate I am to not be a retarded electrician trying to trade my way out of poverty at 5:15 AM. So, honestly, thank you. 

Let me know the next time you’re in legal trouble! I’ll help ya out. Until next time ❤️
Lockdowns just cause tech to run up and everything else to go sideways at this point.
[deleted]
Because Berlin is so great?
What are the chances that MCD hits 225 by close tomorrow?
So NIO calls...?
BA going the way of CCL, ridiculous
[deleted]
No u
[deleted]
BA finally back to its natural boomer state - dropping a couple of % without any immediately apparant reason
[deleted]
Can someone explain why the algos just gapped down tech on Monday then gap it straight back up? What purpose does this achieve for society?
[removed]
Holy fuck XPEV won't stop
Tech will always be a winner. This aint 2000 or 2008. In 2000, the market took a shit because companies had insane valuations when they weren't making any money. In 2008, the backbone of the stonk market (banks) were in full meltdown mode. That brought everyone else down, even when it wasn't warranted ($CCL is a great example, and there are **many** of these...from $50 to $15 even though bookings and occupancy were at 100% fucking capacity).

My point is that only individual businesses will suffer. If the banks are fine and tech is still printing, who tf cares about aviation, cruises, hotels and commercial real estate? Those businesses will suffer but the overall market will be just fine.

**Winners**: tech, banking/payments, BIG oil (long term, even with Biden), large hotels (long term, e.g. Hilton), consumer goods

**Losers**: commercial real estate, cruises (too much debt, doubtful they will all survive and good luck picking the one that does), aviation (same as cruises)
Thought about it, you’re retarded
YOU'RE GOD DAMN RIGHT IT'S MOONING!
If it wasn’t then it would be a liability? I don’t know I’m kinda retarded i just started my accounting course 4 weeks ago
360
[deleted]
ER
Yesterday was a long and strange day for Nio.
[deleted]
wait.... you JUST realized that? You must be the biggest retard of all
Still -60% from the last time ot was suggeated
False
California is literally #1 in federal taxes paid by state. In 2017 they contributed $234 billion. Second is New York at $140 billion and 3rd is Texas at $133 billion. But sure keep telling yourself that California doesn’t contribute anything but Facebook. Smh
TECH for the win
How did car companies become the new tech? Take a step back and think about it. Fuck you guys are retarded.
May spike again come January. Administration seems open to having a larger conversation on MJ.
[deleted]
Yah he was laughing at you brother
No but her poorer fatter cousin Rebekha would.
Phase 1 trial data. Hopium.

LMAO!
BABA moon today?
Lmao happens to the best of us
[deleted]
I mean I guess they get the cash which is an asset but it’s a bit of a stretch to say the cash up front is going to drastically accelerate their revenue growth.
Wrong. 100% doesn't know. Buy shares, don't waste your money
It was me.  Trust.
Cramer need to stfu sometimes, and by sometimes i mean all the fucking time.
Same
Lol sad
You got a gambling addiction dude
I bought a $14c 1/15/21 position back in July, two days before I was involuntarily admitted to a Mental Hospital. Not even kidding.
Nvidia, that one is going back to last week levels, should be enough tendies for a PS5
Thank god I don’t only have a bachelor’s degree. 

And thank god you prove my point by quoting fucking Elon Musk to me lmfao. 

Hey man. If you’re lucky, you can pour every dime of your $57k/year salary into options and maybe hit 6 figures one day. !!! My bad! Didn’t mean to insult you
Did he only get a 4 bagger?
Holy fuck JD let's goooo. Glad I bought more leaps
Lisa Su’s breast milk cures cancer
Same
Google accrual accounting and revenue recognition please.
You got at a damm profit, I got a fucking loss because it decides to plunge by $2 the only day I bought...
I know what happens, it goes up or down and I lose money either way.
PRPL gang very quiet...
[deleted]
I’m just... gonna delete that comment then.... lmfao
So it'd be a better idea to invest in douyo right?
[deleted]
can't tell if you're joking lol
Holy s--- JD up 5%
 Been waking up at 5am all week for no reason what the hell
LETS GOOOOOO
What’s the stitch on PDD? Shits +13% pre
I'm sorry, did you say something?
[removed]
Dude probs has $20m+ to play with
Same
I’ve survived a ban bet so I know a little something
That ship has sailed buddy. Google knows what you've been jerking off to for years
Who the fook is this guy
SAME!! 😹
Priced in
[deleted]
Tech would go up with a lockdown
They don’t need to spend time, they just sell to palantir 😂😂
Less money to spend on dining, more money to save/invest
nah only will cause tech to boom. look at UKX
As a Canadian I'm proud that we are the global leaders in both porn AND weed.
Witch*
Dude. You need to 5000% your money but you can wait 2 weeks to do it. 

Buy those 2 weeks out
Because I sold at 14k
Keep the kidney, sale your butthole, then rinse and repeat.
Bruh he said option not opiate lol
[deleted]
... found the China man
Fuck nio go xpev
YES LOCKDOWN RUMORS LETS GOOO

LOCK EVERYTHING DOWN SO MY PUTS PRINT BABY
[deleted]
RNG
It will fluctuate
ouch man, never buy the hype
isnt all water technically contaminated in shit?
It’s going to the moon regardless and they’re going to do it regardless of your stance. Might as well make money off of it
but then I won't get the maximum leverage I need to 5000% my money
Which under $2.5 call do we like best to get in tomorrow and sell right before earnings next week: HD $287.5, LOW $165, WMT $152.5, or NIO $47?
Can someone explain why a certain cry-pto coin is absolutely ripping right now?
[deleted]
What's it at premarket ?
now I'm interested
Something I've realized: everyone on this thread talks like they know exactly what's gonna happen to the market, but 99% have no idea what is gonna happen.
Because you cant cut your losses or double down in the middle of a game.
37% of China drinks water contaminated with human feces EVERY SINGLE DAY. 

But yah. They’ll be buying EV’s.
I wonder at times how anybody at any point is able to communicate in anyway with anyone. There are deep communication gaps I have a hard time overcoming on a daily basis with people; I can’t imagine people at large are able to express much of anything and get things done on a deep level. I wonder how the majority of you get by on such a sub-level of communication.
[removed]
We call it 'Wendys'
I'll take $5 so I can buy 20 piece mcchickens
Same man. I'm just playing chess and shitposting here. Gonna try to read and fall asleep before sunrise hopefully
Get fukd
[removed]
[deleted]
Haha I know the feeling
PDD?
Which tickers 👀
Me holding my shitty 11/13 44 NIO calls I bought at $42 last week
expecting another +200% or something in Q4. Nuts.
If NIO hits 50 pp shall get real hard
You guys fall for the same Chinese trap over and over and over again. “China has a middle class twice as big as the us population” is what they said for luckin coffee and guess what happened with that.
Imagine if you put that into Palantir or NIO instead of a fucking weed stock lol
Yall don't even know what late night Lisa su horny thread is
[removed]
🌈🐻
outta weed time to watch the stock market until i pass out
Meh advertising isn’t what I like but realistically they don’t spend much time actually spying on me compared to Palantir. Yuck
Nvda hype lets go 😎
Lmao
XOM to $40 by 12/1 is my....”guess.” 

Didn’t hear it from me.
Chinese EV stocks are the tech stocks of tech
Makes sense. thx
Dont be a gay bear
I personally would hold until it runs to 550 at least.  Every big tech company except Google fell on earnings this month.
🤣🤣
Do futures control SPY or does SPY control futures
This is the way.
Sell covered calls. That way the price drops don't hurt as much and you can use the premium to YOLO.

Sink 2k into TGT 170c 11/27 as an earnings play
Ever heard of dividends? Of course if you only yolo in Tesla, Nio and Nikola I guess not.
[deleted]
g REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE n
thx bro stay fresh and 23 chromosomed
Man wait till you hear about all of big tech
Fractional share of RKT.  Right balls are in much higher demand.
Ban
Thats a fair price. Sold.
Bear mode then. This is why I’m a lawyer not a doctor 🙃
Like 12.99
Welcome to the weed stocks bag holder club
Anyone else nursing from the sweet teat of Lisa Su? 

AMD 90c 11/27
Nope slow bleed sir -20 to-40 cents a day
Don't be crazy. 

Buy those 2 weeks out
Frostyccino & spicy nugs
BA diving
Seems like bullshit to me.
we rich together
That’s a useless organ. $27
How rich are you
Used my 6k loan in a long hold on AMD I’m up 45% over 6 months so far. I know it’s not an options call but hear me out.... student loans have a 0.00% interest rate while you’re enrolled so essentially even if this makes 1% that’s using the government’s $ to pay them back
Covid has mutated multiple times already brother. Just not in the form contracted by humans.
You don’t think BP Will tank?
Its not the same thing. No mRNA vaccine has been created yet, but we've had flu vaccines for decades
Nikola doing business like Edison...
They also have overpriced iPhones, like in the 2000s.
[deleted]
Porta porty
Contraction on ER brother
Financing private companies to spy on me? No thanks
Basically to slow Bezos' ascent to world domination, and to tell you who you can and cannot marry.
Took out a loan yesterday for 5k

Going all in on ZM 450c 11/13
With this announcement likely also. I'm not a scientist or an SEC agent, but I'm sure stonks go up in a pandemic when you have this news likely
Actually yes. My money is wired directly to my McDonald’s rewards account
ah i was thinking of the weekly cushing report but this is obviously a bigger deal
exactly buy the dip and make a grip

but why do you suspect this?
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH FUTURES WE WERE JUST AT -.69% BYE
Is that the one where Burry sees the collapse coming a mile away and only gets a 4-bagger out of it? lol yeah that comedy is one of the greats
The rip was the vaccine it’s over priced BP is a slow bleed for the rest of the month
For one, I’ve never used it to mean chicken. 

Secondly, I am, without a doubt, more educated than you. But, that’s okay! I need people like you to do the work I don’t wanna :)
How much would a left testicle sell for in this market?
the flu always have resistance strains developing which is why new modified versions of the vaccines are released every year.

It's basically an arms race between resistant strains and vaccines
calls on QQQ

put credit spread on TQQQ
[deleted]
Pump up futures so I can get some cheap puts
Wait, I’m on mobile. How can I tell who was first?
PLTR stock price small number so very cheap, buy so big number and you rich
Pfizer drug is engineered in a way to handle that.
For India, you need to find Toilet-tech stocks.
Put in a trailing stop order, buy a put or maybe a way OTM straddle to hedge, let the delta cancel each other out and leg out of it whichever way it goes. Might just stay flat and you can close the straddle or sell calls on it and turn it into an iron condor to cover the lost premium with exp of next week. IV has skyrocketed so premiums aren't bad.
CPA here, it’s recorded as unearned revenue which sits on the balance sheet as a liability
Come back next week, who knows you might get lucky.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’ll take $10, that way I can quadruple my account
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/trashboat2cent the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Why download draft Kings when you can download robinhood. Instead of betting on athletes you can bet on CEOs
The flu vaccine is made on the basis of what is potentially the most likely strain to be in circulation for a given season. As in antigens taken from each common strains are already out its about mixing the right cocktail.

So far Covid vaccine efforts are based on 1 strain
I use investing.com
My experience with stocks as above = you have missed the boat. Leave it. If i put money in now. It has already rose by 795%.. why would it go any higher if sanitiser will remain at current levels. It isnt going to explode up again is it...
Logic
Im probably wrong
Short it
Go long
Either way i will somehow loose money
[removed]
na having a media run society is scary. if they want world war then everyone will be hyped for it. no independent thinking minds or concerned citizens anymore
I've missed you. Long time no see
 I been patiently waiting for Gamestop for so long

holiday season gonna get our console on

it feels like this stock been low for so long

if you think puts is the way, you bears is so wrong
Dude they barely have running water
[deleted]
These are cheap , I bought 40 $16.50 10/4 p  @ .09 a contract. In the short term I think they print. The only thing I'm worried about is moderna announcing their vaccine efficacy "imminently" this could lead to another 1$ - 2$ rip upwards in the short term. But who knows maybe things get so bad w crude that the moderna news won't matter / or it's already priced in w the last spike ?
It’s 4am central and I am completely awake. Oh well, it’s not like I have a job to go to tomorrow anyways
What is this place 😳
You thought yesterday was bad? Wait til today
Congratulations!
Doesent have it, they stopped
Owned PLTR at $10, sold at $9 so I could find my option addiction.

AMA
[deleted]
Almost guaranteed.  Nio probably after earnings though
Bruh, 50% of India doesent have indoor plumbing, they shit on the streets and in the ocean everyday like fucking animals, let that sink in
lol, hell no. I just locked in profit on qqq weeklies yesterday. So this is entertaining but not really making me money
Its almost like people realized cases are at ATHs and covid will still be around for a while
You'd rather be lead by folks who have a basic understanding of math, science, humanities, and history than by some rural farmer who can't do basic arithmetic.
unlike yesterday?
Congrats
ICLN and BEP have been doing well. TAN and FSLR been sucking.
Why. It’s free money for them to invest in start up costs. We all know it’s not because they’re in trouble lol
You seem quite mad. Or broke. Well, I guess both. 

Brought to you by... largely a bear but not a fucking retard and knows when to bull.
[deleted]
Per capita it’s 8th. And it’s highest GDP producing factor is real estate because it has the highest population. Wow what a great contributor to the benefit of the United States? You contribute overpriced real estate 😂😂😂 go back to eating crayons
Jokes on you. I'd totally buy pornhub stoks
[deleted]
Remember in the 80s when US had a middle class
these are two aliens hand holding and kissing
fuck your pussy hand. Fuck me too rip
First
cool
I will take $100. cheaper deal
My 10 contracts are chillin at just over 2000% lol
Does India have any promising tech/innovation stocks like China? Tryna get in early in case I'm missing anything.
Need more money to pour into GME.. guess that is one motivation to go to work
NIO better than XPEV
Wow who knew that we were going to rotate back to tech again with that promising vaccine news?????
Username checks out
What about this is telling you sell off? This is standard fed policy right now.
Job numbers lag. We’ll prob have bad numbers next month with the lockdowns and no outdoor dining
IT has broke 16k$
I did the same thing, 10 contracts. Hello brother.
[deleted]
PPT continues to not allow any red days
How do I CHECK Shopify future ??
Priced in
Ok, then you know what you have to do. Get some lended money and go all in!
$2 gang checking in
Not with Mitch McConnell in senate
Nice
Hmm if you give me $1,000 I’ll give the first person to respond to me $500.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The hard R is really distasteful
XPEV was so obvious in hindsight. Fuck my paperhand pussy ass bitch
I’ll take my shot
Inbound - dilution on NIO XPEV
Not how this works brother. Flu mutates every year and we have a shot for it every year. You realize that, right?
[deleted]
Just watched the Big Short again. I’m so 🌈 now.
Why is CureVac mooning ?
Not me
The goose is getting fat
Xpeng (NYSE:XPEV): Q3 Non-GAAP EPS of -$0.32 misses by $0.14; GAAP EPS of -$0.75 misses by $0.57.

Revenue of $293.1M (+342.5% Y/Y) beats by $14.36M.

Deliveries of vehicles reached 8,578 (+265.8% Y/Y) (+165.7% Q/Q).

Q4 guidance: Deliveries of vehicles to be approximately 10,000 vehicles, representing a year-over-year increase of approximately 210.8%.

Q4 Total revenues to be approximately RMB2,200 million, representing a year-over-year increase of approximately 243.7%.
gme
16k
Shut your whore mouth!!
I really wanted to buy XPEV yesterday but unfortunately everything was tied up in NIO and PLTR. The struggle
I have 6
Is anyone finding it scary that the entire recovery hopes is based on finally getting a vaccine out? Before you know Covid-19 mutates and we are back to 0
[deleted]
[removed]
If SPY hits 361 today I’ll give the first person to comment on this post $1,000.
This comment brought to you by... a completely random thought by a 99% chance retard.
Same? No?
Man, XPEV and NIO better not do a share offering
I measure my gains in double cheese burgers and a sprite
*adjusts oversized glassed* "I have an announcememt " *straightens fedora* "Tender refers to legal tender, but you need to have a high iq to understand."
[deleted]
Corona growth numbers will accordingly be good. Bullish
[deleted]
U guys know those kids that got dropped on their head when their infants? They grew up to be bulls of this shit market
yeah i’m waiting for the panic sell to scalp some calls
 Can net hit 80 by EOW? I’m tired of my calls always being OTM 😤
This is not the community this is a bunch of newfucks who showed up after softbank killed all the supreme chads who used to be here
Lol I just asked cause you weren’t clear didn’t mean to be an asshole. I really want to know what you mean? Like resistance and support points?
Fuck that, yolo your entire savings on amazon options and skip college and live as a billionaire instead
Algos confusing virus numbers with jobs numbers
ZM you go my boy. We rich today.
Sell offs have been happening very quickly and can drop 5 points in 30 minutes so you never know.
Mods, you guys are going to have to make an EV thread because this whole thread is going to be spammed to infinity today with EV hype
Fading usually means down. But here it was applied incorrectly.
In 2019 California’s GDP was 2.79 trillion dollars. That combined with the highest tax rate means that California makes up a large majority of our tax revenue. Which is used to support the welfare states. That’s what cali provides for the country not facebook dumbass.
kind of the whole point of tech like EV 🤡
you are the epitome of retarded 'tism

edit: i like it
[deleted]
The whole thing sounds dumb as fuck. And chicken tenders sound great right now...Hit me with some jack n the box tendies and ranch.
Yes baba
Does this mean sell off tomorrow?

https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/domestic-market-operations/monetary-policy-implementation/repo-reverse-repo-agreements/repurchase-agreement-operational-details?fbclid=IwAR34LFp4xh-VXH3hA2GtTva6or1gyXYCYtG7FGP7MVHU0v9fdmDMs3nnaJw
Fuck I feel you bro
Ban right here
Perhaps a Nio when they come to the US? 🤑
[deleted]
Going the opposite direction of where it was going is what most people consider fading. Ie down bad going to flat or really up and going to flat
SNAP is recovering let’s goooooo!!
profit is profit
Oh look at this guy who thinks he's better than everyone esle
This is the way.
I bought ttd at 220 and sold at 300 lol
Buying AAL puts at open on the vaccine news was the easiest decision of my life.
Welcome back retard
Happened to me too. Felt powerless and weak
Wasn’t that direct listing? Instead if raising capital they sold insider shares
Job numbers should be good. Bars and restaurants all over the country were pretty much packed in the last month.
I can't tell if you're retarded or joking... tendies is an old joke from 4chan and it is in fact chicken
Up 5%. Expecting more with January expiry!
[deleted]
he sold? pump peet
Yah I mean. You deserve this so. Enjoy the rope
Ban again
Nah. Tendies is chicken tenders
Oh no. Did you buy into recovery stocks?
Lmfao. F f f f f f f f a i l u r e
Do you learn nothing?
Never too late to be a bull
You only have 1?  Could sell and just use some of the profits on a shorter dated play if you tend to have fomo.    Nvda had massive runs on both previous earnings the Friday week before so could happen again
Their Q4 estimates are insane as well
Man I just realized I got hit and run. A small dent and streaks of paint left on the side of my car. Fucking scums
Or maybe people can use whatever meme terminology they want because it’s a fucking internet meme
Test

Edit: ban gone, lol
[deleted]
Yes, it helps when state mandates are being pushed out during this 🦠
I take back all the nasty things I've said about PLTR
Book it
Earning tendies means legal tender. Not actual chicken you stupid cunt
Premium was 1.90. I am just looking to sell second leg today to hopefully make it a free play.
Tesla is now a boomer stonk
You telling me only one planet allocated? That wont last a decade
Has CRSR ever not randomly tanked?
buy calls, want 5 bucks?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have you tried selling on green days and buying on red days?
[removed]
Really? Cool thnanks I didn’t know that
I got out of PLTR at 12 for 20% profit lmao
I'm pretty swole
[deleted]
[removed]
How many Green Dildos is that?
Congrats fam, well deserved
This is the way
Thats definitely not good lol. But, is up 3% you will make profit even if you bought at the top.
I know, but IV is higher on calls, so wonder if it actually results in more gains
Cuz it’s not down
WSB etf up 5% while sorry ass SPY down premarket
im up 53% from initial investment. wish i'd put a couple of thousand.
Can futures not fucking fade at 9am before market open this time?
Ban
So you finally learn stocks go up?
Give it one more day
God damnit I was too pussy to do FDs on XPEV earnings
Don’t bring that OD’ing bitch into my house!
NIO 48 EOD
Welcome back. What’s our next score?
I think futures predicted the direction the last few days too so hopefully we’re red
Lever up foo
Just buy calls retard
Easy, just call robinhood and ask for a refund. Takes 3 days
Why stop there? 100% day or bust
Holy fuck thats a lot of revenue!
1% green nasdq day would be very good for me
Nasdaq is about to have another +2% day
Cuz you have no balls, only a pussy
Watching tech try to carry spy would be more entertaining if I had appropriate positions rn
Best I can do is 2 for $3 McDonald's
Yesterday at the top lol
he's just trynna pump n dump
Pretty weak troll tbh. No person with morals would visit this unholy land.
Yes, Jack ma kissed the ring.
Still I would buy more stonks
This shit is retarded SPY literally has 6 straight hulk dildo days and jumps like 8%, and we can’t have more than a .15% pull back before up another percent yesterday and today isn’t going well. I hate this. Gonna sell my puts for $.01 and long $ROPE
Green by open. Never fails
Tulips of the 21th century
I agree, looking real good today.
Theyre fading into open like they have the last few days
yeah that is called trading in pairs
I had shares at 9.39 cost basis but sold at a little over 10 to chase option plays that ultimately were losers. RIP
same with XPEV, but more than happy to be a NIO baby. Hoping this pushes into earnings and then skyrockets
Palantir 🌱 only go up, straight to $20
I’d sell 50 shares and then sell calls on the other 200 shares. Sell calls for near ATM to get good premium. Not following this stock, so may make sense to just walk away as well or do some intermediate option.
You mean fading up? They were down quite a bit.
I'm already hard as fk
NIO will have a 15% day today, I can feel it
Ameridaddies
🌙
Jesus Christ the was some of the most retarded dd I’ve ever seen.
Tqqq is 3x leverage
NIO is dead. Yall just chase stuff that is already up more than it is worth.
You call it meme I call it tendies
MARKET ROTATION ASSHOE
You were scared of bad ER
Yeh so. I would do the same. Be stupid if you didnt!
It’s a sector pump dude
tesla has barely moved since it split, except for battery day when it dipped and fucked us all
Its already happening so 1. I'm not talking about projected. They already have 700+ million middle class as of 2018.
When did you get them?
It's usually better to just buy calls on QQQ. With decay and IV fuckery and not as much liquidity calls on TQQQ don't really make sense unless there's a massive move upwards in a very short period of time.
If it hits my mark it will be worth 60cents to 80cents a contract do the math
One of us 

One of us

Bears r fuk 

Bears r fuk
I mean look at the three year chart. Now remember that the DAX is a performance index
LMFAO no idea. What would EVER prompt someone to sell China EV options rn lmfao
AAL bulls got dropped on their head as a child.
[deleted]
Just quit dude
I have 447.50 call expiring tomorrow.
By 11/13
the best part of this is knowing xpev is gonna moon, which will trigger the run up on NIO to earnings due to xpev crushing expectations. Sure, not 100% correlation, but there is a definitive link to how these two move together. Nio probably free play for calls ending next week. Wish I got into xpev.
Um yeah not possible but alright
Yo, you ever compared the performance of tqqq vs qqq calls?
They are legitimately dirt cheap though? How does this make any sense ?
Right.. I shit on him a lot. But then I did a ton of research. Went for it. Figured idk. Sometimes things happen. He just seemed oddly confident. I’d normally never do that. 

Stars aligned I guess.
You mentioned a bull flag Tech 100. What do you mean exactly?
How many planets we need for that?
Oh and you didn’t say that about votes being worth more. You said that they shouldn’t decide who becomes president.
I hate this game, I don’t wanna play anymore. I want my money back.
someone tell me why the shit did I sell my XPEV stocks  before EOD yesterday..
You quite literally said “an asset is not debt, any debt that is presented on the liabilities of GM’s financials is not this.” This statement is fundamentally wrong and I proved it to you. GM financial’s debts ARE in fact directly related to money they borrowed, and then loaned out at a higher interest rate. A MASSIVE portion of GMs total debt is this “good debt” I spoke of in my original comment which you said did not exist. They are clearly showing this as both a debt AND an asset. Stop digging yourself deeper into this hole you put yourself in, retard.
It’s kind of messed up that he’s suggesting that you deserve your money more than the market makers.

For real, though: I agree with their advice. Options can be done responsibly, but you seemed to be entering positions with too large of a percentage of your portfolio. A basic rule of thumb is to never go over 10% of your portfolio. 

Once you start that down trend, you become obsessed with getting back to where you were, Nd it leads to making awful decisions. I’m trying to get back to where I started, but I’m willing to be responsible with how I go about it now.

Regardless of whether or not you decide to pull all of your holdings out, you do need to make a significant change to what you’re doing here. Be patient. Buying options is statistically not in your favor.
All the WSB meme stocks up massively lol XPEV, NIO, ZM, PLTR
Yea but those farmers literally feed you while you CA cucks provide? Facebook? Lol gtfo
why?
500:)
The two companies worked together for many years inventing new cancer treatments and so on. It's an symbiosis, biontech are the creative and inventive part, pfizer the big player with huge resources, testing facilities and the experience to get new treatments on the market.
Also to be mentioned, not only pfizer supports biontech, bill gates foundation, Roche - they all invested in biontech big.
You're a very trusting person to throw 3k into weeklies from someone PMing you lol
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/xpeng-reports-third-quarter-2020-090000477.html
Blööööd red spy 220 eod
Fuck me why is futures going up
[Report](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/iea-cuts-demand-outlook-2020-11-12?mod=newsviewer_click)
just google "PLTR stock"
Same thought.  Not on xpev, I have NIO but I assume earnings call may be similar and NIO is next week
Yea the EV market is on fire rn. And all these news articles are gonna pump the sector talking about XPEV beat and mentioning Li and NIO upcoming ER. Fuck I’m hard
all I want is a centurion card and a million dollar portfolio. im not asking for a lot
I mean I think so. Tech 100 Isnt even near ATH
Dam hope you get your trendies
[deleted]
I’m saying that their vote shouldn’t be worth more then mine. Fucking retard. Also you bumble fucks love to shit on California even tho they are the 3rd biggest economy in the world. They literally pay for all those bumble fuck central welfare states. Don’t bite the hand that feeds you.
Truth. And yeah... I got a launch day PS4 and it died a few weeks in
Coke just hits different than adderall. What can I say?
My apologies to whoever bought the RKT FDs I wrote.
Are the chances good for 360 today?
[cocaine and hookers on me](https://i.imgur.com/k0Hayn8.jpg)
How are those NIO shorts holding up, skipper?
That is secret intel just know it’s this month around $15-$17 999 puts
Wait til you see what price NIO is after their ER
Futures are fading rn who would’ve guessed
Eventually the subreddit will tell you to do the opposite of what the subreddit does therefore you simply just do what the subreddit does and go all in on NIO
My $NIO $44/$45 calls gonna print that exp Friday
I mean at this rate my 3k May go to 30k... it’s at 9k already... he messaged me. I dissed him. Then he convinced me...
If he was such a visionary he would've just bought 10% of Tesla a year back.
I know you are because you're in this thread 😊. I'd wait for the kinks to get ironed out of the PS5 first tbh. The first batches usually have issues of some kind
Lol ppl downvoting you are incredibly indoctrinated
Fauci seems pretty realistic. It’ll take quite a while to get wide spread immunity. Probably April 21 at earliest.
Yes “In its latest closely-watched monthly report, the IEA said it now expects world oil demand to contract by 8.8 million barrels per day this year. That reflects a downward revision of 0.4 million barrels from last month’s assessment.”

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/iea-says-covid-vaccine-unlikely-to-ride-to-the-rescue-of-oil-market-for-some-time.html
Yes!
Oh yes tqqq keep going my calls are getting horny
There's 700+ million middle class folks in China. That's twice the population of America. That's a lot of people who will eventually buy NIO, XPENG or LI cars 🚀 🌕 💰 🤑
Apparently, Germany has a single logistics company that can ship at those temperatures. And they're basically the Comcast of shipping.
Hm is that?
What strike? What date ?
It had something to do with corona. Don’t want to say who.
[deleted]
Because he's scared of debt. Nowadays debt is cheap.
What if I told you that RH’s free Ford stock was my most profitable stock until I went all in on NIO
Same, what was his name?
Yes there is
My whole portfolio is green af. This is too good to be true.
I dunno much about NVDA sorry man, I'd probably sell and just buy back in after earnings or sell a call against it to protect from a big drop.
ZM please hit 440 today!
Did BABA stop dumping?
Nasdaq testing 12k-12.1 today
What the shit is this
EV stonks go up regardless of meme status.
Today is XPEV's day
Do we hold sell or buy more
yet my 11/13 300c is down 98%
No man lol
Okay... is there actually insider trading on this sub? Some dude PM’d me “buy as much PLTR as you can. Calls. Shares. Trust me. I like your comments.” 

So I put in 3k into weekly $16 calls and they’re up 300%...

I guess he just got lucky...?

Edit: I checked his profile. He’s pumping “PLTR to 50” all over the sub. Think he just got mad lucky. With the air cleared. Congrats u/shortcorona (and me. My options account is just a $5k meme account and it’s now nearing 20k I’d these prices hold...)

Edit edit: mods banned the hero. He messaged me. Rip the boi
did the IEA report come out yet? API looked pretty good for crude draws
Just pay the talent in equity
Loose money's
This made me laugh way more than it should have lmao
didn’t get filled yesterday, gonna try again on some TQQQ calls
It doesn’t seem to matter how much I gain I always want more
Amen
Tech me loving you long time 🥰
Where can I read about this?
holy shit, just looking at this is INSANE. +240% from Q2 holy shit
Oil prices got way ahead of itself expecting a sell off

CNBC: IEA says Covid vaccine ‘unlikely to ride to the rescue’ of world oil market for some time
XPEV is the much better play
For the sake of argument assume yes
Surely that 44m will be spread over the months.
You don’t realize XPEV is the move...?
Give me 360 spy baby
The older I get the more I feel this way
Permiasin.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Permian basin' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
LMFAO as soon as everyone pumped NIO I moved into XPEV instead. What a meme. You guys never learn this sub isn’t allowed to be right. T E N D I E T O W N holy shit
Then why did you just say that about farmers from Idaho, fuckhead?
The correction got rid of the paper hands. It’s only up from here my guy
Best government is smol government
Permian basin
Tech is King 🚀
omg PLTR.. what the actual f
I could be a degenerate you don’t know me man
From yahoo about XPEV Q3 earnings: 
"Total revenues were RMB1,990.1 million (US$293.1 million) for the third
quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 342.5% from RMB449.7 million
for the same period of 2019 and an increase of 236.9% from RMB590.8
million for the second quarter of 2020."
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/xpeng-reports-third-quarter-2020-090000477.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/xpeng-reports-third-quarter-2020-090000477.html)
Nio and PLTR are all that’s discussed in here now. No one talking about Tesla anymore and for that I’m thankful
You are 100% going to get evicted. There are worse fates than eviction though. in a few years this probably wont matter.
No then my PUTS R F
IWM gaps below are very juicy
Target dropped theirs at 12:10 for me. I got one of them but I’m choking on the $550 dick.
For now, yes
It may have nothing to do with the company...

The ceo may have been under huge stress, the board cracking the whip day and night for months. Trying to manage the largest inflow of new hirees ever, all the fda boureaucratic coordination, not to mention the difficulties of engineering the vaccine, dealing with scientists, appeasing stakeholders.

This is a tough job, and the guy is only human. He may have simply been frustrated with his position, and looking for a good moment to exit. Selling your shares before you step down is only natural.

Let the poor man retire in peace.

I say calls because governments still work in 1100s feudal fashion and pfizer will be getting gov contracts for the foreseeable future.
Oh yes i like that
YES!
Vaccine pump going
Yes
Fair point but what’s the logistical arrangement? Will they be able to create the doses simultaneously? How will they distribute across the EU? If they have to distribute in batches, will the virus mutate like in Denmark?
[deleted]
NIO TO 60EOW
NIO $50 EOD?
[deleted]
Also PLTR calls all the way
I blew up my account last week. PLTR is saving me... How long until I blow it up again? I give it a week max.
why up when down
Turns out PLTR was a way better play than SNOW all along
with every retarded cell in your body
Wtf it doesn't sit in outer space
I just got off the phone with my friend from the future. NIO hits $60 next week
ZM $450 Open 🚀🔥
Leaps is the way. No way they won’t be above 300 by January
Yahoo
Can anyone tell me why the federal government exists anymore, other than money and control? It was originally created for interstate commerce regulation and foreign policy. It does so much more than that now, so what gives?
could you link please??
I really hope that their Earnings report isn't gonna  make the stock tank bc the CEO is TOO humble about their future predictions...
NIO fell last CC when they announced their battery stuff after beating earnings. You never know what they could say. Don’t wanna see people freak out if we drop at 8
If enough people on this subreddit do it, then I bet itll be possible one day that simply being a member of wsb qualifies you to be discharged of all kinds of loan including student loans
#*₿/USD $15,900* 🤑🤑🤑

STOP TEASING JUST HIT 16K 👁️👄👁️
Bro I'm mad retarded. Thanks. 2021! What you think?
I was long honestly, doing well too till those FAA notices about the 747 came out..  just saying if it opens below yesterday's low, quite bearish
Guh
If by those people you mean Americans. Then yes I think the American people should be who decides who will become president... of America
Just because someone has a degree doesn’t make them a good leader. I would put trust in a marine without a degree to lead over someone with a polysci degree.

Edit: also I would bet that almost everyone in power in each of the three branches of the government has a bachelors at least, many have law degrees. As does every judge.
Even RH has it. Marketwatch is good too.
It’s all being negotiated. EU secured 300 million doses and UK 40 million. That should cover most people considering 15-20% are anti vaxxers.
Is TSLA finished now?

I’m fully aware of what it is & my question stands.
[deleted]
NIO CC will discuss Europe and Platform 2 (US integration) $200+ EOM.
wrong blink...
where are people finding the leaked Q3 XPEV earnings??
There’s a certain stock that’ll be perma green today
I’m counting on it
You have an option that expired 5 years ago?
They should pay you for your blood based on how much the red cross gets for it
Jesus Christ dude, why did you do it? ;(
nasdaq is green !!!!!!!!!
Apparently the exercise price is $11.50 for all SPAC warrants,

[https://investorplace.com/2020/09/5-spac-stocks-with-in-the-money-warrants-and-merger-agreements/](https://investorplace.com/2020/09/5-spac-stocks-with-in-the-money-warrants-and-merger-agreements/)

edit: except for PSTH which is double = 23
😎📈🚀
Tencent has their hands in everything in China. Pretty nuts.
[deleted]
let's pump DKNG..we are gamblers and we're going to let our casino stock be a measly 40 dollar stock?
Do you have a youtube channel where I can learn more?
Today we will have a very green day
3000$ coupon
Don't worry Paul, it might get better
When main street buys, wall street sells
Futures
Spy puts ZM PTON calls
Lel.
[removed]
My 80k gain next week will make it better dad I promise now come here let me give you a hug
Ponder the idea of a shadow government forming, in the name of Office of President Elect, asking all the states to lockdown for covid.
NQ almost green 🏳️‍🌈🐻🔫
[deleted]
smash it did, and share buybacks! and stock prices tanked lol
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
check your personal risk tolerance
Who gives a fuck he arranged it months ago
[deleted]
Yea cause those people should be deciding fiscal policy right?
A bit tempted but also terribly lazy and they’re banning people left and right (mostly left) so would probably not survive long disturbing the circle jerk
They speak my dialect of English around here
LMAO legit lol'd at this. 

fk cancer, nio to the MOON!!!!
Your post history is atrocious!  How can one person contribute so much to gloryhole-workers subreddits??
I’m just wondering why there when they still use FB.
Imagine taking your eyes off your portfolio long enough to watch porn
Isn’t it 8?
Bros they spelled it wrong on purpose. This is walllstreetbets hello
[deleted]
ah yes german science is the best in the world
[deleted]
CC at 8am, could still be bad
Lockdown thats y
Nah I think everyone should get one vote and each vote should have the same value. Shit ain’t rocket science it’s a right.
I fucks with ETSY!!🔥🤑
If there isn't an easy solution, there's always the SEC docs. Let me know I'm curious for RIDE
Where can I find premarket percentages?
Yeah, brick-and-mortar sex shops are a real sleeper, huge growth potential
[deleted]
Who is Emotional Trading? Where can I find Emotional Trading? We must arrest this hacker Emotional Trading.
Got 6k in PLTR
It meana bullish for tech
[removed]
XPEV ER Summary

Market Revenue Expectations: 1.9b   
Actual Revenue: 1.99b  


40 EOD
Mouse will dip until they figure out cruise and parks. Sports, movies, theaters, and ah, streaming...
Never said it was good sir
The idea that Biden send these US retards into a lockdown makes my bear dick so hard.
and i just fkn dumped my nio 48c 11/13 calls last night, I thought there is no chance ill just take what I can get. These damn paper hands

At least my pltr still has life
[deleted]
Good luck timing it
u/savethisvideo
When did it become my job to spelunk through your underwear to find nuggets of corn?  Post it here or piss off.
Thanks for your service
Yea so should a Dick sucking crackhead under a Californian overpass or a McDonald’s worker standing in front of a grill all day. I think we can agree that some people shouldn’t vote.
XPEV CC 6am EST.
Sir, you would be taking the limit of the probability of winning the lottery(a decimal number), raised to a power n as n goes to some large number of days until you die, and that would be divided by my probability, which is a constant and a decimal number also. I don’t get your argument at all.
shuo zhongwen ma?
All i can think about is do i hold my 1/15/2021 500c nvda thro earnings.  Up 30% atm... probably will be 60% pre earnings 

hmmmmm
Was looking to buy some warrants. Anyone knows where I can know about the strike price for that warrant? 

E-Trade doesn't give me that info
Some guy just linked the ER, they beat. Concern call at 8am though
nio earnings play??
So the market dumped tech at the bottom for the rotation and just decides to buy back tech at the top again because of COVID . Legit wsb buy high sell low strategy 😂
Check my post when I put 10k in BP lol I have a feeling it over reacted on Covid hype and will drop back down to 16.50
Sold at 191. Need it to go back to 160 so I can start building a position.
Massive December put spread positions traded recently
Palantir go moon
Proof?
Tech is going green any minute now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh wow. Conference call at 8am though
You play all in in 1 product?
[deleted]
[deleted]
already up like 40%
SPY 300p 1/15/21 IM STANDING IN FRONT OF A BURNING HOUSE AND IM OFFERING YOU FIRE INSURANCE ON IT
1) Pfizer’s CEO just dumped 60% of his stocks at the top. Yes, it was part of his 10b5-1 plan but the size of it is suspicious. 

2) It might pop but I’m pretty sure it’ll fade much faster. We have had so many vaccine pumps, even autists will learn after a while. 

3) Let’s face it, they aren’t going to be able to distribute it on a large scale. In fact, nations will be fighting just to get their share of vaccines.
PLTR up 5% premarket, pretty crazy.
350 please
keep going NIO I'm gonna cum
Its probably not open yet or no one trade it yet. Sometime there is some stock that take a little while before it will show Pre-market.
Volatility, the gift that keeps on giving
My dick in your but
It always gives back its gains because people like you see an easy short.
Christmas is coming
Im more of a FLY or C9 kinda guy.
God doesn’t have enough golden butt plugs for everyone
to real
My money is tight bro idk what u r talking about
I'm thinking Antarctica. If we're sneaky we could probably get away with it
Just got off the phone from Xi and he mentioned something something BABA national treasure something in Chinese. Our calls are safe
Nah
This sub definitely needs more organization if we still want to accept this constant free inflow of noobs. A better use of reddit tools like post and user flairs are not that bad of an idea.

Frankly I'm at a bit of a loss with all this low quality dronining over the same few moronic scam stocks this sub has been spewing for the past MONTHS.
Either bring some original ideas or just shut up. (or alternatively just flair yourself with the degree of retard you are, like op is proposing.)
yea, not sure what i'm missing here.. recovery, vaccine, can't go tits up. you'd imagine everone piling into it. might short it today if it opens where its at
I heard it's basically a right wing circle jerk. I mean think about it, if you take a bunch of people pissed off about the slight left bias of social media censorship, you are just going to create a big ass echo chambers representing the opposing side of the spectrum.
https://www.thejournal.ie/hiqa-asks-nphet-covid-reinfection-5263269-Nov2020/?amp=1&__twitter_impression=true


>It said that if natural immunity is short-lived, it would have “major policy implications relating to restriction of movements, convalescent plasma donation and vaccine
development”, and may require ”vaccine booster doses”.

Exit. Pfizer ceo sold media some sugar coated bullshit and then cashed in.
[deleted]
What???
XPEV ER leaked. 5am EST.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Pat_Mawenni the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You're right, automod didn't detect that one.
Doesn’t know the finer things in life. Manly man would invest in a nice grooming.
Great, DM us your email and we'll ping you in the next batch, we do these monthly (we did not put out a signup yet to avoid flooding our inbox, we prefer people who know us already)

Thanks!
ETSY regardless of anything will hit 150+ again before EOY. I'd jump on it on any dip.
[removed]
On this sub??? No way they all bought at 44
I hope you’re right.
 NIO XPEV red by open .
Don’t hate the player hate the game
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/xpeng-reports-third-quarter-2020-090000477.html
Oh God, my body wasn't prepared for this NIO. But I'm about ready to coom all over these earnings if it sticks through opening. Who knew you could have not just loss porn, but gains too?
It’s a conservative social media site not a gay dating....I see what you did there.
There must be atleast one poor sick or old fuck who had NIO at $1 but didn‘t live long enough to see the gains dying with the thought of NIO being the worst investment ever. Big F for that fella, you where right from the beginning.
@$3
It made sense (for them) in the 18th century knowing most of the US politicians were geared towards appeasing the agrarian elite, the uneducated, and give disproportionate power to slave holding states that were usually sparely populated. 

in 2020? Pass. They're too stupid to make good decisions and it affects majority of the country.
Where are we drilling? I'm in.
!remindme to tell this guy he's an overzealous idiot at 9:00 a.m PST
If you are naughty then no stimmy for you.

Joke aside I think there will first be stimmy talk after Biden become the president and its like in January.
Here comes the premarket fade
What are my moves tmrw? Well, play the market for a few hrs. Grab some puts if it looks like we're cooling off. Grab some calls if we start rallying with ETSY, PINS, etc. After that, try to find a PS5 from Walmart's online release because obtaining one without using a bot has been a fucking NIGHTMARE up to this point. Sony probably pays multiple people 6 figure salaries to determine market demand, such a fucking joke. Oh, and calls on SNE once numbers are released.
Where. Isn’t that a rumor
Could be. But if there’s a catalyst to fill the gaps below us, it could be the rising covid cases and government shutdown along with no stimulus. That being said, still bullish overall, but maybe shorter term volatility.
So with spy now near 357.... what are your adjustments?  (I play weekly SPY double calendars..... much lower risk, still getting the hang of it. )
They only need one flair on here and that’s “Shitpost”
bears cannot win. when vaccine news out, rotation to industrials, when covid is in, tech goes bonkers. bears always lose.

to be a bear and win, you need to really have insight of whats going on, like Georgia Senator Kelly Loeffler who was notified about covid in january ;)
Don't sleep on LI. Looking solid too
lol
Get in on the bear trap coming soon! Let’s drown the whales  🐋
The profile Google has on me definitely knows I'm very interested in oil, but it can't quite figure out if I'm trying to get away from dependency or if I'm trying to start my own oil rig
Xpeng er is already out that's why the big jump
Vaccine not realistically gettting here as soon as we need it and that 140k/day case load coming heavy
I was following bob with nba picks. Dude was on fire
Definitely a bottom
BA never fails to disappoint. I sold right when I broke even at $180 on Tuesday Was holding bags since June.
The richest person at the soup kitchen
Potential NIO dump in 4 hours
45 by open, easy
But if you held them they would have left your ass gaping yesterday and today.
I might burn some physical cash in order to relate to bears.
Please! Back to 520 by EOM!
[deleted]
INO, not NIO but thanks
Wouldn’t it be liberals vs conservatives
Wow Nio and Xpev have no chill 😎
Yes when you start talking about asymptotes of probabilities they are both zero. The election is over 😂
Is he a top or a bottom?
[deleted]
Dare u to buy puts
[removed]
https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/nio-stock
I'm gunna sell my calls and buy puts. They ran up too much, they alrdy reported their numbers so it kind of justifies this run up. Unless they got some catalyst during the earning, I don't think there's any reason it will pump
what makes you say so?
Random idiot FD I paid $10 for: 380% gain by tomorrow

Painstakingly researched 5-figure play: -87%
Fake news, if you brought stocks they wouldn’t go down that much lol.
beyond meat, virgin galactic, Palantir. I just made u a millionaire. ur welcome
the fuck was that pump then anwyay if they're just gonna let her go like that
Nkla calls look like pretty tasty premium
I'm afraid to sell even like $55 calls on my NIO leaps before earnings this shit has retard strength to the max.
Have any of you guys been on Parler?  Asking for a friend.
Yeah they might go from +500% to +400% oh nooo
father,

may tech stocks moon and reach new ATH 

amen
Literally your previous reply said they were non-zero. So now your changing the script...
Lol I survived because I chicken out of my Amazon and apple calls 30 minutes before earnings so I still have money to buy stocks later. Now too scared to buy options so just slowly picking up 1-2 shares of baba and ZM since yesterday.
Looks like we finally got a proper red day incoming here, boys.
[deleted]
No stimmy for Xmas?
It's only showing After Hours
Wiped out all its ah movement
Buy a pc
Ban
NIO doesn’t end red if XPEV beats
Nikola hype lets go 😎
[deleted]
That is exactly what the founding fathers didn’t want. The poor who couldn’t afford higher education and the laborers who produce most of the goods for the country would get left behind.
Let’s see how it plays out today bro
[deleted]
Trick is to use multiple loans over a few years and spend part of it on other shit to cover the source
appreciate youz
Knife trade plz
Definitely shoulda done OTM. Not pussy $43
Hello guys is it still a buy at 15$ per share ?
I can’t sleep
Stonks and just use someone else's ps5 not like you'll play it eveery day
Marketwatch
They’re both zero already, you’re just in denial. Somehow refusing to concede translates to some chance that hundreds of thousands of ballots across multiple states change after they’ve been cast 🤡 

At least the lotteries haven’t happened yet. I could still win lol
Boeing = ded
Looks like we finally got a proper red day incoming here, boys.
You know, December 11 is a potential government shutdown. I think I may get out of my positions stay cash for a while and wait for a better set up. Maybe stimulus talks are revamped? Man this year is wild
Is a market crash a real possibility even now that we’re so close to vaccine? And what kinda crash we talking about?
Nio clapping cheeks hard af
Don’t get me wrong. I’m all sorts of long NIO. But... earnings sell off? Massive high risk put play?
Looks like that nio self driving video put in work
My magic internet money has been doing this. 

Also can we uncensor the most autistic investment of them all, seems ironic as fuck at this point.
I don't know what caused it, other then earning reports are coming for all 3 soon. But take premarket with a grain of salt, ive seen it start with 7% pump and then close red.
[deleted]
I hear you. Us being red as eff this morning (so far) ain’t helping
any idea what time today are they releasing?
go nio go nio go
Quick prayer for nvda 🙏🏼
Bought at $14 and sold at $20 🤮
Usually I’m work at this hour but I’m drunk now so can we send it or something?
Yes, nio to 1000 by 2022
“Our technology is a breakthrough in gravity science, we can go down any hill b1tch. Sell your puts fagg0t.” - CEO Trevor Milton
Do any of you traders can check PM $INO? It isn't showing for me.
Big green at open for tech
[deleted]
Bought VXX calls at .98 before election, sold at .07 a few days later
It's not gambling if you made money in August!!!
Well, that's half correct.
NIO Breaking the Sound Barrier PM...

NIO $200+ EOM
Everyone excited about the EV pump too early. Don’t even know if we dump at 8am
Bruh u literally dropped 2k into NIO 43c's 11/13's at close expecting a bloodbath. Babies are gonna print hard, lets see 10% today
Green at open again
Buy more stonks and make money and buy escorts and cocaine. Games are for idiots
They died so the rest of us could live gawd bless
And this guy is gonna hang himself tomorrow looking at premarket :(
low key scared that he is bearish and im up to the tits with calls
Buy all 3 friend.
Tech about to go green
Manipulated.... get out at top. Still a shitty meme stock to me
[deleted]
Ok, and I’m telling you that probability of winning the lottery everyday of your life is is outlandishly lower and irrelevant to a recount outlier event probability. I’m sure if took the probability of your case divided by my case, you would find as days go buy it would asymptotically approach zero very very very quickly.
Imagine bagholding the American NIO/XPEV lmao.
Do we have an update on on Tesla semi? I haven’t seen anything in awhile.
Jesus Nio and Xpev on a PM moon mission makes me so hard
fucking poor retard that i am I dumped NIO to secure like 200$, its shooting for 55 100% today
September and the one week before election rotate everybody into football gambling
You learned wrong.

When WSB hypes a stock the game is 'Who can hold the grenade for just long enough?'. 

First week of NIO hype would have been fine.
[deleted]
is it in stock, tho?
stonks, then buy ps5 with the gainz next week
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Got stocks in NIO but added a short to hit 35 yesterday.....
the week before elections wiped out this sub

Apple call holders

Pton call holders

AMD call holders 

basically, 85% of the sub
Is Xpev a dump today after earnings or is it gonna go up all day?
Lmaooooooooooo, it said you ain't got ballls
Great for you. I'm too lazy to day trade so I just bought more TCEHY.
[deleted]
Tfw your hedge and normal positions are all losing money

Gah damn
Thanks daddy I love you too
Power hour
they did you a favor, now you can make 3 more horsepower
Deserves a 100% pump to me.
Looks like nio is up next haaah
Dude that’s
Is this dude f.cked?
You've gotta learn how to spell "lose" before you enable fucking options trading bro
🇨🇳 EV 🚀 powered
Yeah I hate bearish sentiments. I just buy calls on a dip instead of playing the correction unless it's very obvious.
guh
Okay I'll read it then delete it if it violates any rules lmao, my bad.
Most retards got cleaned
Lots of gangs were slaughtered.
Lots of people blew their brains out due to big losses
Because they just IPOd this year. Peter Thiel is behind it so it's a pretty established company. Also PRPL did well after all the hype died down and Kodak isn't really comparable since that was a flash in the pan. This company has major government contracts and is branching out heavily into the private sector. Security/big data is one of the fastest growing industries right now. It's got some legs, it's a long term play if you can handle buying leaps or shares.
And I’m telling you there is a non-zero chance I win the lottery every day for the rest of my life. Not sure what it means
Good fuck those idiots
Please let it keep going up after earnings announced lol
[deleted]
[removed]
Man wsb is dead these last couple of weeks
Okay you make the decision, should I buy it sensei?
[deleted]
Woah Xpev
I mean you don't have YouTube?
It’ll be fine
[deleted]
Did you miss the matress company? Good for you, not every meme works out.
All EVs moonin (except TSLA), holy shit!
https://youtu.be/809QHX_Brus
Baba calls ftw
He needs optionsprofitcalculator kinda website
Do I buy a PS5 or more stonks
I said it when we were deep red and got downvoted. Nasdaq flat by open.
Xpeng holy fuk
wasnt f3d3r4l
It’ll be a huge rotation once vaccine will be readily available and travel starts to pick up with some sort of international standard for vaccination ID.

I’ve found thinking of money in the market more like water, taking the direction of least resistance instead of a simple bull or bear stance helpful. Even though it didn’t help me since I am always late lol.
[deleted]
Kia Sportage
Yeah he already clarified that before you posted this SO FUCKING READ THE THREAD!
To the doomsayers predicting a correction, it might not happen this month. There are a couple of vaccine catalysts expected in the next 2 weeks: Pfizer safety data readout leading up to submission for EUA, and Moderna interim analysis + safety data readout. While we might not see a day as big as Monday, I think if the data is good, it will still move the markets upward.
BIG GREEN DILDOOOOO NASDAQ
ACB going back to where it belongs.
If someone happens to be in that situation they should be prepared to answer why they did what they did. Pay off one loan with another or whatever.
But mom! I drew a line and three arrows!! Why do they not believe me??
did super badly for a finals paper, might even fail. but NIO and FTCH pumping would definitely make my day better lol
[removed]
Sir, this is a casino.

If you don't understand how the table.works, don't put your money down expecting everyone else to wait while you figure it out.

Now be honest, did you even read the posting guidelines?  No.
[deleted]
Dont feel bad i sold at close yesterday
Sector rotation into Chinese EV stonks
You could make a oh no no no tiktok with this
Fuck yes, I've been looking at it all wrong. Even tendie noodles are still gains! Fuck you cucks, I can buy like 10 packs right now!
Isn't that the guy that invented radio for the internet?
Have you driven a Ford, lately?
Driven a KIA Rio.
I woke up humming that song from the video with the vibing cat. The one from that meme with the blind guy beating a drum. Shits a real banger, man.

Spy 320 before 370.
Why tf r buying spreads on solo its a 3$ fucking stock. Just buy a damn call thats retarded
VXX with the usual tease only to get annihilated by open
[deleted]
Not even that. When you have enough money to play every single stock you want, there is no losing.
:)
[deleted]
I think he means his value got up to 240k, not that he got 240k profits. And he told you that this year is up 80%. FUCKING CALCULATE IT.
[deleted]
:3
Have any of you actually driven a NIO?
Damn, is there a rule I broke?

Edit:  I was just asking for advice lmao.
If you do it 5 years prior to declaring chapter 7 bankruptcy you might be actually good. But please don’t do it.
Literally says calls u autist. Its a debit call spread Smh dont even know ur positions.
Congrats and fuck you.
Don't ship APO and I want a new mattress. For that reason, I'm out.
[deleted]
Feeling left out. Here’s one
Yikes
you show me income tax with 10k on it, I quit my job and come suck your cock right now
Why u say that? I have baba calls
Same
Thanks bro, fuck your whore mother! 👉👌
literally
ONION ?
Its been quite stable overnight, any other bad news came in?
I'll just have wait for a used one on eBay
oh that's total portfolio value. Started with about 135k this year.
China China China China China

🇨🇳 🇨🇳 🇨🇳 🇨🇳 🇨🇳

not asshoe
NIO and chill? Are you a snuggler?
You're right!  You've got it all figured out.

The only thing easier, is reading the fucking FAQ on the side of the sub before shitting the place up.
lmfao pls dont jinx nio guys calm down
[deleted]
God damn it baba
Lol
$NIO 45+ eod, get out before earnings tank it and you're left bagholding.
You get gold you get gold and you get gold. EVERYONE GETS MOTHER FUCKING GOLD!!!!!’
[deleted]
All my positions are red all my positions are dead
Apha, cron, cgc
I for sure bought some stupid calls
Yes, keep laughing and buying your calls and puts *cackles in theta*
thank you! fuk your puts and bless your calls.
Been holding steady on my 2700 shares, bought at $6.11.  Would love to see this company turn it around. They have a lot of tailwinds for sure.
I made a lot of money thanks
Is he Jewish?
Thank you for the information retard I would never guessed
Oh is that all, do they even have swappable batteries like Nio though?
[deleted]
Yes, I do. Uncle Sam pays for my calls when I’m not playing soldier during the day.
Pick a strike price and stick to it.

Go to a confidence building seminar where they hype you up to walk accross fire.

Get laid.
Yes, but it also creates inorganic growth that are ripe for serious correction. We've seen it.
Everybody is talking about bugsnax
Yeah, but my tolerance is way too low, so im not a good trader yet
For sure
How much capital are you working with to get to profits like that?
I feel like gaming is only going to grow more. Plus we're still in rona times. PS5 is literally a hype item now. They're selling it for like $900 on stockx
I am going to be evicted if SPY doesn’t hit 350 today
Lol I'd cry too for some billions
BABA cant catch a break
There's other ones that have been holding quite well
Think it beats it?
There are a ton of options because private sellers will get you covered
I'm getting deja vu from this post, wasn't this exact same DD posted here about a month ago?
Just clear your cache bro
What are your HYLN bets?
Imagine rotating from tech to "value" boomers 🤡🤡
Dude, me too. I was about to ask him his rank lol.
Damn. NIO bears are basically fucked
Hmm I've done ones within 1 hour
Everyone trades at their own personal risk tolerance
That dude is an evil 🦹‍♂️ genius
Much appreciated.  

At this point, my karma total is the only green portfolio I'm holding.
IF you can't spell lose then you'll fit right in here.
Click the option you want to buy. Since you don't know what IV crush is I'll assume you're on RH. Click on the green bid ask spread and it'll show info about the option. Look at implied volatility. For some of these options it's like 200%+. That's abnormal. IV affects pricing of options. After earnings Implied Volatility usually plummets because unknowns become known and volatility in VERY simple terms is just how much is unknown. Since it's abnormally high it'll plummet fucking HARD.   


Even if the underlying goes up like 10% the IV crush will outweigh 10 full percent of gains so you could call the right direction and still lose money on a 10 percent gain. IV crush usually happens around earnings, events, and news about the company being released. Good examples are Battery Day for tesla and apple and AMD's recent events.
I didn’t teach you anything about probabilities, I was simply stating I think there is a non-zero chance he could win.
This is a very simple and rudimentary way of looking at it. The EC is almost practically useless in 2020 and does not take into account the significance of large states.

CA population: 40 million
Idaho population: 1.8 million

California population is ~22 times greater than Idaho yet California only gets 55 EC votes compared to Idaho's 4. In other words, the vote of a single citizen from Idaho has more worth than a citizen of California given EC doesn't do good job of properly taking into account population sizes. 

That's a problem. EC is outdated. 

The majority, especially if they are more educated, should have more say in where the country is going. The uneducated cannot lead and never has.
Dude chill
[deleted]
This one, thank you.  I'm ride out that short on GBP/CHF like a proper tard now!
Had to open this post again just to upvote this comment
Perhaps I wasn't clear in how I explained it, my apologies. If he scheduled the sell in August then he had ample time between now and then to leverage, privately, the pandemic;

By creating fake hype around a likely ineffective vaccine, and intentionally waiting until when you've scheduled to sell to start doing so, you're manipulating the market with information that they couldn't possibly know about until you decided to publish it at the most opportune time for yourself.

Had the news been released any other time, there'd be no question, but he had control over both the knowledge of the sell date and the knowledge of the vaccine; it's like playing chess but on both sides. You're the only winner.
[deleted]
Connections? Born rich? Jew?
turned 27m into 2.6B
Close of today, Thursday 12th
I’m sure you know probability is math. But you should also assume I know probability is a math. And obviously I was talking about probability the entire time when I was mentioning math... do you think I meant calculus?

I’m actually a mathematician so even more ironic that you’re trying to teach me how probabilities show Orange is gonna win any minute now
Why would you move from Berlin to the USA
[deleted]
"You get a wrinkle every time you learn from your mistakes"
NIO green, as it should be

Edit: Holy shit look at it go!!
Once mango concedes it’ll be a huge bull effect.
So what do you guys make of bill ackmans new bet? We are due for a correction anyway but when and what would be the catalyst, because 100k+ daily cases is just numbers on screen at this point.
:( you too
The Q3 Revenue Estimate is $279.32M.  The $44million they were awarded is increase of 20% from their original estimates as long as they add this money to the Q3. Will make a huge difference
quit being a bitch

what kind of answer are you expecting?
happy cake day bro
NIO introducing the ION, the ONI, the INO, the NOI, and the OIN.... You're Welcome.

NIO $250+ EOY.
Have we not been closed tho ???
wtf is granola

gilf?
Broke 240k for the first time yesterday. I might actually break 250k this year. Up nearly 80% year over year. 

anyway, made some quick bucks selling NET, AMD and TSM yesterday. now the market can go ahead and dip (or crash) and let me get in at a cheaper price again thank you
After close
It’s no disconnect at all. It’s just that equities especially growth stocks are a better investment than cash, bonds or other shit in those times. 

Not being directly correlated doesn’t mean it’s disconnected. Money doesn’t disappear, it has to go somewhere.
[deleted]
Which ones? Acb is a dead horse bro
So... 30c 11/20?
I'd get it if I could find a ps5 anywhere
All I added was “you’ll find there’s a chance.” That sentence doesn’t establish any clarity as to whether I was implying probability is the subset of math you should be focusing in on, or if I didn’t know probability was math.
Where tf is PLTR earnings
Hahahahaha you got him
MRVL long term calls. Insider trading boys if you want to be rich🤫
[deleted]
They're prob to busy dealing with corona in Russia. Since March the only big news I've heard about them was about those boys but that's it.
I’d wait that out. I feel like they’re gonna keep going up today. Don’t sell yourself short just watch that pre market with diamond fingers
How does Bill Ackman still have money I will never know.
ho lee shit fuk you to 😳
hey fuk you
You obviously knew it wasn’t clear because you went back and edited it while I was responding

But sure let’s argue about the semantics and ignore the fact that I was right about the probabilities lol
Idk about that.. i would like some doracakes tho, they looked hella tasty
My LinkedIn:

*I'm a quantitative options analyst*
[deleted]
Eh?
sell everything, uninstall, pay the $3.5 and move on
[deleted]
Someone could ask what I’m doing and I would say physics. They could say learn more quantum mechanics, it’s not that bad. Am I just supposed to say “ I said I’m doing physics, quantum mechanics is a kind of physics 🙄”? No
ZM back to $500
Corn Tun stinks only go up 📈
Nio 48 eod
youre welcome
fuck that bitch say?
Because I bought it today, sorry bro
[deleted]
buying zoom puts after the stock dropped $200 🥴
Lol when you have out in wsb long enf you start thinking like a actual WSB
bears r fuk
Based and Amishpilled.
Aww man I just wanted to see what else you post. You seen pretty grounded
The true American hero 😂
What TV?
Puts on BIIB
100% take the profit or feel the pain of IV crush. Like 1/20 earnings will beat enough to outweigh IV crush it's just not worth the risk when you can take guaranteed money. It's like a 10-15% implied move so...yeah just sell
It genuinely makes me sad to hear that. A lot of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck. It's kind of hard to blame them for not having any financial literacy, since it's not taught in school.  But here I am swinging 10Gs a trade and not caring if I make or lose money. Financial knowledge is a blessing when you have it.
I love this community. It doesn’t matter what time of day or night, I can always count on a bunch of degenerates on here I can interact with. 1:54 am (Mountain Standard) reporting for duty. 🦾
If you have short dated calls, I’d probably lock in profits just in case. If expiry anytime next year or later I’d hold.
That’s not reddit stuff. The guy that made it literally is on twitter all day
The hero we need
o7 🇺🇸 🎇
well I'm 15% up, thanks
Who’s excited for Bugsnax
[deleted]
Apparently they cured cancer or something so idk
Y BA dippin?
I literally said “cause math” and you replied “try probabilities sometimes” before you edited it and added more. It didn’t make much sense since I said use math which includes probability and statistics obviously...

But it’s fine continue to believe in extremely long shot probabilities that everyone knows is just fabricated BS to save face. He’ll be the first man on Jupiter too
Asian Elon

Give OP his reward,

Do it

Do it now!
The news hit 4:30pm or so
lol NIO is thrown around here so often
ban, philosophy not allowed on wsb
SoftBank cut a lot of fat, it's losing a lot less money now.
  
Also, take Germany (and soon most of Europe) who implemented a policy that all employees have the right to work from home 40% where possible. Kind of makes sense to have co-working rather than a 60% occupied office.
  
I also know that they have improved their % of corporation accounts, which has improved revenue. Lots of corporations will keep some space on the books. I have spoken to lots of chemical companies over the last few years and they all have at least some co-working rentals
NIO $100+
Which is why California gets more electoral votes than Idaho to account for the population imbalance. This isn’t difficult.
🥭 isnt lockdownin down shit, blue states at the most
Sea horses with baby hands
So hold through earnings then??
So smooth brain 😍
Thank you for your service!
No NIO posts in 1 minute? Really?
Ditch
This is precisely why the electoral college was created.  This majority rules ideology has proven extremely dangerous over the rights of minorities, the smallest being the individual. This should be more obvious
>coma 100$ per month

Meanwhile you are in the hospital which charges you $100 per hour
Those are so worthless that people hang physical stocks in men's bathrooms.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/mauerstrassenwetten/comments/icjt1f/seht\_her\_was\_ich\_am\_herrenklo\_gefunden\_habe/](https://www.reddit.com/r/mauerstrassenwetten/comments/icjt1f/seht_her_was_ich_am_herrenklo_gefunden_habe/)
You should invest all your money into them. They will definitely moon, just don’t do any research just play the charts
Do you delete all your post history?
The biggest mistake ever. Or maybe after betting against papa Elon...
[deleted]
Dad's dickcheese
ban every one of these dicks
Wtf is going on with FPRX ? It’s up 284% in the last week? Classic pump and dump? Worth getting puts on this bitch?
this isn't your everyday degeneracy...this is advanced degeneracy
I will inverse you
what's there to look at?

It's the same thing with marginal upgrades
yes it does
hey me too
NIO TO THE MOON
Probably didn't work because of their tiny little hands
that's the point 

it's for the lulz aand it's a defense mechanism
Full of UPWK freelancers
Yo
No shit probabilities are a type of math, I was saying focus on probabilities. This isn’t that complicated of an interaction to not understand that as your inference. Odd.
Dude I'm with you, I'm holding GME and tired.
Lmfaoooo
Bloomberg radio always interviews that CEO.  I’m not sure about the love of that company
It ain’t public
[deleted]
Repost ?
Scalping moves on megacaps is pretty profitable atm
Just like you didn't have any sexual relationship with that woman.
Problem is they will be worthless if it doesn’t tank
Repost.
As soon as I recover in AMZN this will be my last yolo trade. shit is too fuking stressfull. Time to go back to my quantiative trading instead .
What did Breaking Taco mean by this?
Slight hint at vaccines make all public things go up
No dips for you
Yes my rage to never speak to AT&T customer service again in my life made it easy to do
[deleted]
No but boy am I thankful for those that are 🇺🇸🙏🏽
No idea compadre
Sell your puts and buy calls
does fucking a marine’s wife count?
Probabilities are math 🙄 

You’ll find the chance is approximately zero. It’s like winning the lotto every week. Sure it could happen but that doesn’t mean much cause it won’t happen
Bet against the rat (Disney).
I work the Drive-thru at MCD... does that count?
Posted many times.
Was literally just thinking that the optimal strategy is buying dips and selling rips. So clearly we are either about to have a breakout or crash
Russia already got what they wanted
You wanted an iPhone bad enough to go to another store and look at it? says something about Apple marketing IMO.
Softcore.
Woah
Down .50% and people calling a crash now lmao harden up you soft cock bear fuks
Mind posting your positions?
How is it possible that WeWork is still solvent? Is there really still demand for commercial work spaces?
Right. They should secede or or overhaul the entire republic and let each state truly govern themselves.
He called you a pussy and you feel the need to position yourself as the best there is lmfao
[deleted]
PLTR almost 17 in premarket. Should’ve picked up more
Genuine laugh, thank you
Mango forgot to pay the Russian bot bill. If he had he would still be Prez.
I mean what are you gonna look at? It looks the same as before
[deleted]
Here we go again, already lost $2k last time....count me in.
Read that as CSGO
look at sentiment data. quite a lot of bulls, quite few bears. yes there can be year end melt up, but I fear too many have already positioned for it, and if we grind down they might start to unwind those positions.
Try probabilities sometime. You’ll find there’s a chance.
yeah typical american pulled some shit out of his ass and jerked his microscopic digg to it
Nice try AOC
Finally
Anyone on here currently serving our country in the armed forces?
This guy bought Gnus
Angingus
Positions or ban
[https://www.splithistory.com/spy/#:\~:text=SPDR%20S%26P%20500%20ETF%20Trust%20(SPY)%20has%200%20splits%20in,our%20SPY%20split%20history%20database](https://www.splithistory.com/spy/#:~:text=SPDR%20S%26P%20500%20ETF%20Trust%20(SPY)%20has%200%20splits%20in,our%20SPY%20split%20history%20database).
Cause math.
Luckily he doesn’t.
Honestly we’ve been pretty divided since the Obama era. It’s just becoming more pronounced now with Trumpie. But I agree a different admin would tone down the divisiveness but that really does nothing for majority of us.
Can we get vaccine news again so zoom tanks
Meanwhile, we’re trading with multiple (and sometimes tens of) thousands a day. Really makes you count your blessings.
Sure why not.
Anyone here play among us???
Think it's going for a double triple top.
So you went all the way to AT&T to see new iPhones and then bought one?

Calls on AAPL
And?
Biontech built the vaccine. Pfizer not so much.
u r fuk
[deleted]
Yes, but I'd suggest 2+ weeks out.

SPY isn't going to reach 370. More likely to touched 320 before it finally breaks through to 380+.
[deleted]
So what’s the advise here in black and white.
spy puts!
It's easy: massive green Day --> massive red day. 50% of the time I'm right 100% of the time.
I would say that a Biden win would make the world a little safer but it honestly probably wouldn’t do much difference 😂😂 the only bad outcome Is if this all escalated to a major divide in the country
It’s actually mostly the one dude spamming bear shit in all bold. Must be quite desperate. Wish he would be banned already
PLTR 20 EOW
[deleted]
You belong here
Red as Eff
Yeah the NIO shareholders club on Facebook
[deleted]
Whats the point of Bulls/Bears are fuk comments lol? Bunch of retards
Yeah I went by an Apple store recently & they closed off the back 90% of the store for this weird walk-up counter thing. No products visible
Were you not around from March to now
nobody but you dumazz
You’re saying multiple states will all overturn more votes than a single state has ever overturned? lol
[deleted]
Thinking I wasn’t? As in I am? Not really anti just... idk. I hold a little myself but not hoping for anything brother
Tell him to scrap his car and buy an NIO

(just kidding I hope they'll be fine)
Can anyone upvote if you don’t own DIS+
[deleted]
My parent asked me if she could lend me 100k to trade for her. I said no. Now I’m thinking if I should have accepted...
Ehh for most Americans like me we don’t really give two fucks. Both of them are going to absolutely nothing important with a split congress for the next 2 years anyways
Tbf it’s funny
This sub changes from perma bulls to super bears in a couple hours. SPY 400. EOW
DIS going to be the grim reaper.
[deleted]
So SPY puts to print?
I guess since it hasn’t happened before it can never happen. Better give up now, no need to try, the redditor said so.
To make things worse I was to busy worrying about the market they dropped a second wave of them like 20 minutes ago and I missed it
Nice edit.
>We literally dominate the world culturally without a fucking culture.

**Pop**culture, not culture. European one shaped all things made from US nonetheless so...

Oh and China is number one economy, sorry to bring that to you :(

>Everyone wants to be us, live like us, watch us, spend like us, sound like us, dress like us.

Haha :D
lol yeah
It is very very entertaining for the outside world looking at this election 😂 I’m a 13 hour flight away and everyone I know looks at the electoral news every morning before anything else over here and it’s nothing to do with us
That’s more than has ever changed in a recount...
Who else thought RKT was an actual rocket company 🤦🏻‍♂️
I went to buy a iPhone 12 today at the Apple store and the only way to buy it was online. Couldn’t even look it or hold it. True for everything in the store.

Had to go to a AT&T store first to see the phone in person before making a purchase. 

Can’t be good for business to have zero foot traffic.
Fuck target, all my homies hate that bitch
Except California is a large chunk of the US population. The size is comparable to many European countries while contributing more to the country than Idaho. As such, their desires far supersedes that of Idaho. 

The concerns of the 5 people in Idaho are not relevant compared to the concerns of millions in California.
Think of the U.S. like the EU, but if the E.U. wanted to establish a president to over see the area. Each country in the E.U. votes who they want via popular vote. That’s how U.S. presidential elections work.
Someone convince me to invest in PLTR. I read a bunch of shit and watched a shit ton of videos but I can't get past the fact that the actual CEO said we may never be profitable.

Also the company is fucking clouded in secrecy regarding their software

&#x200B;

Someone please convince me right now PLEASE. What is so fucking good about Palantir?!?!
zoom out on the UVXY chart it only goes down. if you time it correctly of course you won big but that decay is constant
MMs will still delta/gamma hedge with calls
I have 1 share of NYMT that I'm still holding 😂
[deleted]
Yeah mos def. I have leaps on INTC
No sane person thinks he’s winning the recount
I’m thinking by December tbh, vaccine announcement has people not giving a fuck right now
2nd wave? If you are Americano then wtf u talking about, you're in a tsunami right now
anybody cop that PS Quintuple
Triple top, wave 2, new president
[deleted]
I have a philosophical objection to the use of hydrogen as a fuel.
I dumped my life savings on shares back when the stock was 15, can confirm asian elon has paid off my mediocre and modest college tuition degree program
Whale
It’s 🥭 man to you simp 😩
Ah yes because a farmer from Idaho should be who decides who is president
Yah, but more kf that
NIO will be paying for my Tesla 😁
NIO $250+ EOY.
BULLS R FUK
Only fools who don't understand simple statistics and use of mail-in ballots believe there's a chance. Basically, they're incredibly uneducated which would explain Orange man's base.
This is also true 😂 hard to grasp the sheer size of the US
4-6 weeks of lockdown starting late January coming right up
People posting reddit stuff on Twitter now [https://twitter.com/abusulayman/status/1326679110815535108](https://twitter.com/abusulayman/status/1326679110815535108)
Investing with borrowed money... Lol..
Yes some of the states he lost by a few thousand or a couple ten thousand votes, like a percent or less of those that voted.
The cases were acquired in the wild. They did not expose the subjects to covid because that's unethical.
Why? Whats the news?
I can see why it supports those who might be at a huge disadvantage by the votes of the masses in city. So do you think he had a chance of winning the electoral college votes if there was a recount ?
Also keep in mind, your tiny Ireland is like a state here in the United States where the electoral votes almost always will side with whichever party wins the popular vote in that state.
Literally can’t go tits up
Combine that with Higher death count = lower unemployment numbers and stonks only go up!
3 more companies to play Vaccine headlines with.
There's a huge disconnect between reality and this market. But SPY has already triple topped and a downturn seems inevitable with the COV 2 second wave on the brink.
Why are people talking about a crash? What happened?
How much did that SOLO spread cost? Bro that’s like a $50-$60 max gain over 2 years hell yeah
Ngl tho, next time there’s a war against another state yk I’ll buy calls on the US Army 🇺🇸⚔️👍
Suck my dick 😜
I found moving Shaving Ryan's Privates to be unexpectedly good.
lol well the  “the market” knows jack shit. intels business isnt selling desktop to inbreds like those wankers youre talking about.

intels business is about selling/controlling data, see mobileye, 5g infrastructure, ai accelerators, etc.

intc will double its share value by 2022 it is sooo undervalued right now its literally a money machine for everyone going long on it.
Someone in California doesn’t have the same concerns as someone in Idaho
Ass
Umm... 🥺👉🏻👈🏻

Can i speak to the manager? 🥺📉
[removed]
Spy 320
Lol
Zoom it’s time to crash again
[deleted]
The electoral college it there to give states with smaller population a fairer say in the election. Otherwise, you could just have a few major urban hubs way outweigh the vote of those in less populated states.
I cum
[deleted]
That’s why I bought 200 shares at IPO price and just rolled OTM weeklies since then
Was so nice last week when I was still 50% cash gang and I could actually sleep at night
Wonderful autism
NIO TO MOON TSLA TO SPACE 

ZOOM TO SUN
Aren’t bears supposed to be hibernating by now?
#cash gang raise up
Bears I hope you already fell asleep
Can/does spy ever do a stock split? Lmfao just wondering
[removed]
Why are you expecting a spike in tsm?
More covid means AMZN is gonna pop
Go away bear
He's this huge bull on the yahoo finance forum. He's been long and promoting nio ever since I remember. I wouldn't have my gains if it wasn't for that dudes advice. he has a facebook page too i think
Proof or kick simp
How low
lol bears r fuk
Can't take credit for the language thing. That's on the brits.
Here’s a 🎤⤵️ I buy 100 shares of inverse ETFs every month. When the market falls i swim in tendies then forget to sell at the top 😔
Well I mean 3am is 9am (eastern to western-Europe) in Europe so hello from the other side of the pond
S0ftbank entered the chat. NIO TO THE MOON ニオに五十にEOW
I’m buying you all Wendys with my gains
bears at lows, puts lows, No support below but a big retail crowd running for the gate all at once.  West
Seems like today’s rotation is fucking retail
As a part time bull part time bear and full time autist I agree
Have fun m8.
This is true, as someone who is from Ireland where we do it by popular vote like a normal country I can’t quite grasp the purpose of the electoral college 😂
Keep down voting me you fuck
UVXY calls seem like free money...right?
I have 12.5 FDs expiring on the 13th myself
Grandkids? Man I don’t even have a girlfriend or spy calls
#bear gang raise up
NIO gonna pump when XPEV pumps after earnings
You get it much faster than that
Yeah exactly. 

Hold on, I recalculated the votes and guess what?

Fuck you.
I'll tell them this story on my yacht and then we laugh at delusional bears 😂
just paid down 125m...
#say it with me. We’re bear, we’re cool, ur not.
GME announces they're acquiring PLTR
The popular vote doesn’t decide elections
We going down before ATHs
It’s almost different, banks are viewing the trade market and the general economy as two separate entitys at least. That’s what Gael Giraud (econ expert) taught me at least 🤷🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
HOLD!!
I have no positions in the company.
If you’re really unable to shake or squeeze that last drop out, dab the top with a little square of TP. I won’t tell anyone.
Dick*
Too early to sell NVDA? 🤔
😳
[deleted]
No.  You’re out of line.
Does anyone genuinely think Trump won that election ... I will admit it’s not always clean from either side as a complete outsider but 4,000,000 is a lot to “slide in”
It’s going to dump after earnings, but feel free to ride it til the
[deleted]
As a bear, yes
GME NEEDS TO SO STUFFFF
Maybe you should take your pop up camper to a base in Florida and ask the same question. See how that goes.
It is scheduled. Look at the charts
Because America is built on an us vs them mentality.
Averaging data is the most retarded thing ever.

Even by this sub standards

That's like saying the average scoring between LeBron and me in this finals was 14'8 points per game
Here’s a plan:

- load up 50% of your cash on volatility and keep it there 
- use the other 50% to buy bullish positions daily and profit while waiting for a big pullback. 

Literally can’t go tits up.
Yes good news is over
Reason #9048 why noodles are better than women: I can afford to get them wet.
Rotation to weedstocks today
Plus $4.95 service fee
Doing whatever it takes to make those puts print, right?
It seems like such a good and original bussiness model with low overhead and good future prospects, people moving out of cities, Biden, etc. I don’t understand the pessimism
Can't stand J2C
#imagine telling your grand kids you held SPY calls the day the market started crashing for the actual covid crash of November 2020.
You should just shut the fuck up while you’re still being downvoted.
What the actual fuck
Why is it bullish? Why wouldn't they delay the IPO if their earnings were so good, thereby raising more money at IPO?
We all know he’s heading from 11k to $550. Without the k.
35? Should’ve been 50
As a Perma bull it feels like something horrible is coming tbh
*Theta gang rubbing their hands*
PLTR was kinda memed even before it IPO'd. I remember people being pissed in here cause it didn't double in price day 1.
Don’t give away my plan
Amen
Thanks for the answer
That’s some simp shit right there
Anyone thinking about playing CSCO tomorrow? I know it's not as sexy as DKNG or DIS
lmfao honestly how did Softbank lose so much money on tech? 

You’d have to really try to not +300% with OTM calls on cloud shit for like 3 months straight there
Anything is better than buy-and-hold cucks
Fuck you
Dude you misinterpreted what I said.  Calm down.
Absolutely not it is patriotic 🇺🇸
Yea just don’t be poor lol
Buy long Daten atm puts. It’s always stairs up and elevator down.
Takes like a day or two tbh
NIO
It's called organic growth
They say that for legal reasons is my guess but they are typically pretty fast ~48 hours or so
GME needs to do a press release about how they sold out of all the consoles and will have an exclusive shipment for the next batch
Hold it pussy
[deleted]
Boomer resumer is here quick! Buy boomer stocks!
Riding the $SPCE flight again 🚀
Spy forming the triple top/triple top jr pattern on the daily
Bring the plugS honey
Really?  I thought it was retired service members?
Target fucked me on the ps5 drop puts on target
Huh?
[deleted]
My problem with not being able to switch to bearhood is that the money is already locked and in use so I am always fuck when it goes red bigly. Cant buy puts with no money 😠
Might buy puts on this ngl
Yes it’s gonna take 7 days for you to get that
$5 back bro sorry
Bucked up
This Friday

CNN: “COVID cases at ATHs!!”

Also CNN

“Stocks are hitting ATHs!!!”
Totally reasonable
You can sell it and reverse the trend. Do it for us and be our salvation.
yeah it aint too good and its not too good of a measure too because EV treats debt as a good thing like value.
Bruh am I reading this wrong or does it take 7 days for withdrawn money to go to ur bank account from Robinhood ?
Red thursdays back on the menu 😋
Bull flag tech 100
Doesn’t matter, Goldman Sachs raised their price target for SPY.
Hey I just checked again, dads still dead, see his flag. And PROUD to everyone who fights for this country. Before, now, and future. 

So, yep, fuck you.
Holy.. already tomorrow? Thought it still takes some time.
[deleted]
Stop pissing in them
Could happen. Can always roll them out
No
It’s a trap
Using mean instead of median makes this stat meaningless.
I voted 4 Doland Trump
PLTR run up again before ER ??
listen up smooth-brains.... where do I buy a PS5 tomorrow?
[deleted]
"Floor resistance" 😂
WTF
Oh ok tough guy.
No I’m just reacting to you being an absolute FUCK.
Thats why I wasnt paying attention and those that did get into it were angry that it would always hover around 10$.
Is it unrealistic to want SPY to increase 20% each day for 30 days straight???
Talk me out of holding calls through NIO earnings
Still checking my answer fuck you.
Yeah was easy to make money between April and August. Now it s hard game
You are one reactionary fuck.
Balanced? Lol
Hello World in Chinese
[removed]
Top notch analysis

Calls on meme stonks
Fuck you
Is this what dating as a bisexual is like
You're officially considered a Veteran, enlisted or not, after serving 6 months in the military.
Buy as a company and pay no tax if it’s set up right.
True true. When my boss drives me crazy and piles on all her work to me, I take a few min to myself and mess around with this sub and Robinhood and for a little bit during a frustrating day, life is fun.
There's a serious disconnect between what's going on in the economy and the market at the moment. Lockdowns are reenforced everywhere.

Doesn't matter much for a trader, but I'm slightly baffled by the markets right now.
Bull fuk
All I feel is pain
When i was setting up trading212 I gave honest answers, so at the end of their little pop-quiz a message popped up saying sg along the lines of "we think you should absolutely not use our service" 

Cool guys
I play both sides so I can make double the wrong decisions, experience double the disappointment and blow up my account twice as fast.
[deleted]
Looks like today I will continue to bathe in my enemies blood, sincerely - a Bull 😎
NIO $100++
Hold on let me check again, yep same result.

Fuck you
1 way trip to Greenland
Does that go up when real estate goes down?
[deleted]
[deleted]
No you didn’t.
Heard of dragon’s burp? Try squeezing the piss out your pecker before retrieval
[removed]
Depends
SEC, this guy right here
lol
Always nice to see NET gains, I‘m holding 450 shares @ 21.40 since april. And it is about 40% of my total portfolio.
Try Schwab if they don’t give it to you (haven’t used my RH in a while)
No I did, same result.

Fuck you.

Go sniff more glue you fuck
Too high imo
[removed]
You totally did not get what I was saying.
Waikiki Taititti. Every single time. 

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/Taika_Waititi_by_Gage_Skidmore_2.jpg
This is the way. Nothing quite like $30 swings in a week or two.
[deleted]
Assets if I’m not correct, which assetts are used to create revenue.
big if true
eat some ass clown
My cousins was freakin flippin the shit out after knowing that TSLA went from 270 in March to 2000 USD.

One of funniest moment of my life.
Yes. Protect PLTR at all costs
Fuck off you SIMP 

🤡🤡🤡
Gamestop pissed on my wife, it’s time to take some piss for myself
I know it actually has value for the long term.
My nightly autist thought is this... stocks keep going up because the people getting sick or dying from Covid aren’t able to easily sell their stocks while dead or in the hospital which is pushing the prices up.
350
I have wmt 150s expiring this week am I fucked
Hehe, I like you
I wasnt worried about covid until my business sales tripled year over year.

My business should be shut down, but I literally tripled my sales.

My business has gone parabolic and that is a problem and it is scary. Because parabolic doesnt end well very often.

Sure I am happy to make a shit ton of extra money for a few months. But it isnt sustainable. It isnt real.
Dang get a fleshlight bruh
suck my dick loser
Zoom to the moon
No, we took an oath to hate the other side. We must play our particular position direction or we will be beat to death with Shrek dicks.
inverse 🤯
Why not pay for your own stupid mistakes retard? How about you man up and face what you did?
Why be safe and play both sides when you can YOLO on one side and live your life fucking blow and sniffing hookers (or dying)
Hold up, this is a thing for other people too? All this time I thought it was just me...
PLTR is not an average WSB/meme stonk..
Let em check the spelling they’re the ones buying my calls
Sorry to hear man, I was in on nio early but sold at $31, plug at $15 sold half today rest saving for $30 target, all calls, my nio calls exp in Jan, should have never sold, but lots more opportunities, they are always around, keep at it
Better short the market, covid is coming. Sleepy B-Dawg put Ezekiel Emanuel on his covid team.. this is what Ezekiel wrote for an article in The Atlantic:

"What about simple stuff? Flu shots are out. Certainly if there were to  be a flu pandemic, a younger person who has yet to live a complete life  ought to get the vaccine or any antiviral drugs. A big challenge is  antibiotics for pneumonia or skin and urinary infections. Antibiotics  are cheap and largely effective in curing infections. It is really hard  for us to say no. Indeed, even people who are sure they don’t want  life-extending treatments find it hard to refuse antibiotics. But, as  Osler reminds us, unlike the decays associated with chronic conditions,  death from these infections is quick and relatively painless. So, no to  antibiotics."
Kinda want to grab some puts now
We got an excellent hint when Pfizer announced their progress. Stocks that dropped will do great as we are forced to isolate longer. Stocks that jumped will trend down, but all will reverse violently once the vaccine is confirmed regardless of infections and deaths.
honk honk clown world

🤡🤡🤡
Ehhh.... We can't single handily drag tech calls to Valhalla.
You must be fun in parties 🤡
does.. does it work?
You have to get in before they get memed. PLTR was sitting below 10 after ipo for a while.
Green by red by green by red by green by open
I think you mean “upvotes@
Tank
Lose or win, tbh I'm glad for this sub and Robinhood. Gives me something to look forward to every day.
This
Man I was out of day trades and still wanted to buy something, obviously(Gambler's mentality). But then all tech stock were high to didn't wanna give higher premium. So I bought 150 DIS stocks, with margin!!!
Serious question, why is it bulls v bears?  Shouldnt everyone take both positions on swings for max 💴?
New ATH tomorrow 🤑
$489.72
Well here’s Dr Richard Thaler and Selena Gomez to explain.
No one can predict how the market will react. But its going to run up until then I assume. Did you see yesterdays comeback went down 4% tuesday went up 14%. Pow
It’s not like you can buy that house 8 mos later. This bubble been blowing since 2013
Fuck you.

I don’t give a fuck if a veteran laid down their life for me today, yesterday, or 100 years ago. OR signed up to the lay their life down in 100 years. They are veterans and I personally thanked every fucking one of them today I have the PRIVILEGE to work with. These men and women even have children serving. So again fuck you.

You are an absolute piece of trash.

A downvote? Suck my dick. 

I put the flag out and my fathers ashes with his flag today.
Lemme guess he gave you some variation of "if you had just put that money in XYZ dividend king you'd have enough to retire on when you're 70" or some shit?
*I play both sides, so that i always come out on top 🥴*
[deleted]
SenteNIO Island
baba calls at open. Im tired of waiting its found resistance
Calls on meme stocks

Confirmed Covid cases are on the rise again and so are deaths => Old people perish => Their grandchildren inherited their retirement trusts and yolo them all in whatever's topical on WSB
Thanks. I was feeling good about the momentum some had but these last 2 months have been whack.
Yomp
[deleted]
[deleted]
You’re actively rooting against people who only want what’s best for the economy. Money in Boomers pockets.
Position?
We going blood green by open?
Eurobipartisans
Science hasn't advanced that far. Keep peeing in them until you cant stand no more and buy new ones
I heard the CEO of NIO is very close with them
#Don't fuck with the mouse
**I'm a whistleblower and HYliion (HYLN) is a complete scam. You're welcome.**
You think it’ll rise even after earnings ? ER scheduled after market close into Friday..
The greed is what got them just like a lot of us. They pulled something off in August and could have chilled but tried to replicate it and got burned
They have however, joined the EV stock bandwagon despite their primitive technology
these Euroneutrals aren't really doing anything today
Missed the PLUG train, check.
Missed the PLTR train, check.
Shoot me now.
.. and I know what you're thinking... What the fuck is a synthetic CDO?
Not if you lose it all
You are an absolute retard and I love you for it. (Hugs and kisses from my wife’s boyfriend’s basement)
[deleted]
Haha yeah, its scheduled for tomorrow.
Exactly. I hate these gay fucken futures. Like whens the next circuit breaker.
Rip my zm puts still gonna bag em
[deleted]
Imagine Hawaii bruh...
Plot twist: you did see it coming but wanted someone to say it for you
Anyways, anyone got money in U?
It s best to buy options that are further out until expiration. Like june 2021 or even december 2021. Gives more chance to just wait and see
its a crayola pattern...keep investing.
Yes, but the few times when it reverses or even blows out the green is what makes life exciting
Till what expires? My life?
Lol I know but wait for this lockup to be over they would dump the rest lol
Except when they get BTFO, they get a government bailout 😌
Robinhood gave me some bullshit small cap emergy stocks.

Getting F is a fucking win IMO.
tastes...testes
It’s a CDO inside of a CDO
funniest shit ever
You sir are my hero.
You said dangle
Covic life matters.
What we thinking about DIS today?
Stop pissing your pants
300 NIO $3 Call 1/21/2022.
[removed]
Currently sitting on a pile of BNTX 105c for next week... ITM, but near strike yet.  (Accidentally order 10 instead of 1).

Fingers crossed they apply for FDA emergency authorisation AND they moon in the next few days, or I'm executing 10 expensive contracts and praying the shares go up over the next few months.
Green in the morning, bulls get horny
Holding 10 20c May calls and 3k PLTR shares going into ER today. Either heaven or hell.

Will sell some 20C weeklies to cover my premium.
Still waiting for NVDA to drop below $225
Naice good job bud
We still gapping up tomorrow?
u/savethisvideo
Yeah theta doesn't really start fucking you until about 30 days out from expiration.
Hello, person who is not 🌈

I am also not 🌈

Edit: damn it’s 3am already?
"Bears r fuk"
[deleted]
I was down 108% back in the day.

&#x200B;

Still down 10% from 6k so we made our money back finally but it takes time. 

&#x200B;

Good luck
[deleted]
Shhhhmaybe
Have a gold
My options will only benefit from mass death due to the virus and massive lockdowns 



.....bullish
How the fuck do i make my basketball shorts that i wear at home not smell like piss??????
Pltr is great, all my homies love pltr
Europoors so gay
"investors" and poor gamblers*
Games will rescue us all.
Sweet home PLTR where the calls are green. Fuck the gay bears fagfaces.
Not a
🤡
they killed John Allen Chau because they were afraid of COVID. in their ancient history they know about a virus who wipes out humanity, and they have survived since the beginning of ages by killed all foreigners that approach them
I've felt like this for like 6+ months now

Just make sure to buy puts that have enough time on them that you'll see a correction and a VIX spike to 35+
[deleted]
Nice
Also there are a shit load of ZM competitors whereas PLTR is probably the best at what they do plus they have proprietary datasets that are unique.
Flair checks out, by the way whoever gave him the flair please change mine to “Certified Professional Retard” or “Professional Retard”
Make more money
There’s rich gamblers then there’s poor gamblers
[deleted]
Long on stwd?
I don’t think he expected or wanted to win in 2016. His consistency is admirable
The more I read about what SoftBank has done, the more convinced I am that -yes, we here are pretty dumb - but we’re absolutely not any dumber in our actions than the big boys. It’s literally the exact same thing with more jargon and spending power.
do i get the virgins?
They don’t look bad! Seems pretty normal
Yes. Did you do it?
Oh okay. Yeah idk you could be right. I don’t really care enough and don’t ever plan on playing it. This is the first I’ve heard about this 🤷🏻‍♀️
Priced in
Congrat retard I did it in exactly 5 seconds on  my phone
Boomers aren't people
Cuz you’re a good retard
Here we go again 🤑
Lalalalala
Sentinel island is probably one of the only places in the world that doesn’t know what covid is
Alright which one of you is about to commit jihad on your portfolio?
So many bulls mysteriously wake up at 3am to pump up the sentiment in here lol

edit: hello friends i am also bullish 🤖🤖🤖
OP might be onto something.. . Calls on $NKLA
It’s not like options didn’t exist in our grandparents’ times, they were just used for covering or protecting positions, not YOLOing life savings on calls.    
    
I can’t even imagine how future generations would misuse an already existing financial system to be retarded, but I’m excited
Yes it is a complete scam...first they said its a hybrid system with existing diesel engine ([https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7PUlGkF5Jw&ab\_channel=FleetEquipment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7PUlGkF5Jw&ab_channel=FleetEquipment)), then they changed that to a natural gas to electric, so they can go public as a renewable electric truck.  If you know anything about developing and engineering technologies, you can't just go from one to another overnight, we are talking about two totally different concepts here..
And $500C 11/20
Just went all in (aka 1 contract) SPY 370C 11/20.  If this doesn't print I blame you.

Jk good luck to us.
What did the bartender say about it lol
SPY LEAPs are basically cash- equivalents
Russ wants a ring retard. Even if he play in Hitler 1940s Germany, he’s fine as long as he gets a ring
"Dude, I'm only the miniboss... You guys are fuuuucccckkkkeeedddd"
Boom
 short $BA $RCL $MGM $WYNN

long $UVXY
Never a good fit if they find someone who can do your job cheaper
“Why isn’t my SPY 220P ITM yet?”
Why you sold?
Either color at night, bears delight
😐
So for people in the know, is this book actually helpful? I have seen the big gains (and big losses) so I've been hesitant into getting into options trading.
first time getting gilded you a real one g
These mediocre -0.4% futures days are the worst. If its gonna drop, at least give me 2%
BUY MORE TECH
a lot of us want straight up into heaven then down into hell at this point. this market is not gonna last forever, lets get on with it
“Fuck your puts”
This is huge but it may take a while to be reflected in the share price? Sales numbers in earnings and all that? Idk but I’m so damn hopeful this takes off
Made some money off $118 AAPL calls today. What should I do tomorrow?
Fake as fuck
At some point everyone is going to realize that 1,500 people dying a day is a serious problem 

Positions: GME 12c 12/24
[deleted]
well Biontech made the Vaccine they went into Partnership for testing and Production with Pfizer if im not wrong
Like every stock ever?
Already am
If corona virus could talk, what would it say?
Oh yeah? Well, that loose money that's now in your ass was in my ass two weeks ago. You've got my loose ass money in your loose ass.
Yes, I heard it the other 79 times.
Mouth>pussy>anal>eyeball
Thx bro
Buffett was right all along
I feel like Mark Baum at the casino restaurant realizing shit is about to hit the fan
El muy sus
Red at night, bull's delight
Alright so LI and XPEV reporting today. AMWL reporting after hours. NIO coming up next week, whew I can only handle so much excitement
Bruh
Why the fuck do you keep glitching this? Lol
if mengo could concede so we could go to the next leg up before lockdowns in january, that would be nice :\^)
[removed]
Red day is Bullish
Lol if only the Dems got Bernie bro elected, this wouldn't even needed to be said.
Only when my wife's boyfriend gives me his leftovers.
[deleted]
[removed]
Way too high of a price.

Kidneys in China go for only 1200$.
Because the more bears that sell their puts the Lower we’re gonna drop.
GE to 8$ today please!
Dude because of you I just noticed the downvote and upvote style😂.
Oh, fuck you
No one should be able to lose more than they bet. Ever. And people probably shouldnt be able to bet borrowed money on the lenders system.
I’m at $390C 2/19. God speed
There's no way nio could hit $15 (CSPs) by next Friday.... Right? Wtf am I doing dangling 150k for $600? 👀
Y’all realize small pullbacks prevent us from falling off a cliff again, right ?
Higher?
Oh. I forgot.

You're that retard that made his bones on here from purple YOLOs that everyone followed.

I remember some of the loss porn from the second round of prpl posts.
Luckily futures don’t count today since the market is closed tomorrow.
Futures going red cause it’s republican
Found the bagholder
Not a glitch
Retard strength is enough bitch. Fucking load up your ass with NIO calls
Yes. These futures don’t count today
[deleted]
Shut up
What you talking, TSLA 430 and NIO 48
ALWAYS *Smash the sound effects button *
If the dollar starts pumping even a little bit this is going to get really bad.   Like 3 percent bad.
Buffet would have a heart attack looking at Nio's balance sheet
[deleted]
😐
Cus why not
Thats how I dont think glitches twerk
get fucked faggocytes
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Russ wants out because he knows he can't win a ring w/ Harden.
Straddle Citrix and Apple puts $130 12/21.
Is there a way to trade futures futures?
Time in the market beats timing the market
Calls on almost anything 2 weeks out
[deleted]
Unpopular opinion: Anal was made famous by the porn industry, fucking a normal girl up the ass after you both just had Taco Bell will make your pp smell like a flies favorite meal
Why would they do that on the eve of the big drop?
Guys the boomers have called the top, time to pump
clown day, clown economy, clown virus, clown life

clown
I'd love to short nkla, but im not brave enough. Whoever times that shit's collapse right will make millions, straight from the pockets of those eho went broke trying
Remember when the NBA collectively thought Westbrick was better than Damian Lillard? Now Westbrick is getting tossed around like a rag doll LOL
Yeah I'd love to test it. hit me with the sign up link if there is one already 😁
Why tf would you short tech?? 😢😢 Make up for it with $FDN, $BOTZ, & $SOCL
Stimulus talks going well. Green by open
Question, when wil $100 strike be available?
This is the correct answer.

Reese's peanut butter cups.
Zoom 450 and I’m green tomorrow 

Good luck and fuck theta
I could probably do my taxes on my own but it would be a pain in the ass. I'll probably just have an accountant do it. Hopefully it doesnt end up costing me more than usual
Haha, yeah, i dabble a bit in this casino. This year's been crazy. And we all feel that way at some point, you a first year?
the fuck? lol
Dunno, your wife liked mine???
TSLA 395 open
NIO 46 open.
They have been around a long time.
Apple ain’t going anywhere but +-1.74%
Btw if you have ZM puts and you are a bear today, red day wasted. ZM is gonna be green. I learned this lesson last time ZM was on it’s retard strength and Nasdaq was leading the way up.
So you are saying to short Apple?
there are people are intensely crazy because they are very convinced in a thesis that is clearly wrong and has been wrong for a very long time, yet they continue. and a lot of people lose money on their bad advice, and nothing can shake them.

however even the crazy ones could accidentally be right in this market, because just zoom out on the chart, the market goes up and down by 100+ points, could swing even more in either direction. so right now they kind of have immunity. the market swings so much that now they have to mess with the timing
Do you know what FAQ means?

Check the side bar before shitting up a 1.6 million person sub.
[deleted]
You’ll pay $50 max. You’ll survive
Can a bear here please capitulate and start buying calls? please.
I only transact in the founding fathers.
How many more people need a bed?

Puts.
I don’t think that’s how glitches work
Yep
TSLA AND NIO TO THE MOON
Well your sample size checks out. Go all in you fucking huge brain genius!
In 6 years they have gone from 5M in sales to nearly 700M... you tell me?
Looks like bubble buying. Keep em saved
Only if you pay in dogecoin.
Don't you know Su Bae? 😎
So you prefer anal on you instead of her?
100% of the time it works 100% of the time.
Green by open phags
Dax drilling lol.
who is going to write tickets if they are locked down?
This dude looks like he is about to sell me LSD at the neighbourhood roller rink
If I pay postage can you send me one?
Why 🩸?
Thank them for their sacrifice
I realized today that my 3 biggest positions were NIO, TSLA, and NVDA. This does not bode well....
[deleted]
Not a glitch
Deep in $NERD calls
Are you on crack thinking that Purple is a growth company? Go invest in Mattress Firm
I don’t get why dudes ever want anal, pussy is so much better.

Inb4 not that I would know
It’s actually not though
Bulls have to realize that most bears don't actively wish destruction on the economy, it's just easier to time drops than it is to time rallies. Just look at a stock that has gone up too much and start buying puts
I played 100k in contracts on both major moves; it was great would recommend. I also feel dead inside don't recommend. Also we will see I might jump back in 1/5 contracts 4/5 shares for the earnings because I feel like getting pegged.
Are any markets closed today?
TGT, EL, ULTA

Beckys need to shop
call of duty
Maybe Big Tech AI initiated the nuke 😳

Software killing value boomer BS
Not a glitch
I did not see that coming!
Now THIS is quality DD.  All in $20P PRPL 12/21
Not a glitch
[removed]
What?
Like $BLOK & $NERD calls this week
Keep dropping daddy 😘😘😘
Those are options details, which you’re in no way ready or should be using anytime soon as it’s too volatile.
[removed]
Imagine living in the city with all the plebs

🤡🤡🤡
dont go all in, but if you take a position, pace yourself.
[deleted]
Futures so damn 🌈
[deleted]
[removed]
i saved a bunch of houses on zillow and they've been selling pretty quickly. real estate looks strong if anything
shit....
Same bro same my Apple puts need this 🥺
1000% profit or 100% loss
I got let go from my job because I wasn’t a good fit. Now need tendies or I’ll lose my work visa
Why the fuck do you keep posting this? Lol
can someone explain to me what playing futures is?
Plot twist: you love penis
futures gettin me a lil horny ngl
are you as degen as all of the head in here, including me? sometimes i feel like im too stupid to go to our school
My girlfriend is a finance major and we talk about trading sometimes. I think she’s the only human i know that i can talk about stocks with
BINCO!
[deleted]
Zoom 350 and I’m green all time 🤡
I think thats how glitches don't work
Fair enough time to go in with a debit spread
brock
Yall heard of Hyliion ???? its NIKOLA 2.0 scam...
Told my old man to buy AMD at 40 last thanksgiving smh
35 is strike price, p is put and c is call...the dates are the expiry date
Depends on what the snack vending machine has in stock
Where have you been? Or are you going to wait and buy HYLN after it matures?
🚀🚀🚀
Did you like it?
[removed]
Can confirm, am Europoor 🥺
Better than Pfizer’s, they’re on hold from FDA because they had “questions” about the tool used to administer the shot. It’s pretty political tbh
Lol I was gonna dump 10k during lunch then 5 mins later I’m like wtfffff
Bro🤣
Got a point there... If their products were so comfortable, he wouldn't be awake at 3am.
I used 5 words to save time, here is his wiki:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/MrBeast
Wah it’s all Will Wackmans fault futures are Wed
Bill Cuckman is the name 😎
Why is amd pumping
Tech is the future. Always holding $FDN, $BOTZ, & $LIT
[deleted]
PhDs are usually fully funded plus a low salary. Med school, law school, and other standalone masters programs will cost you though
My parent bought puts on SPY yesterday. 🏳️‍🌈🐻
Covid good for the market because it gives us hope for it to end
I YOLO’d it on ur moms anus
35C = 35” of green cock
[deleted]
[deleted]
#The whitepaper of *bers r fuk*
bro techs about to moon
 🌲 f i t t y
Already getting the second one basically rn so I’ll take the cash
Looking like a red open for me (eu)
L
[deleted]
Sir, this is a Wendy's.
Remember when ACB made a U shape recovery? I still cant get over that
After consulting with my notes recently I have concluded that bears r fuk
Swag is such a cringy word
Shitcoin PÖMP EET 🌟🚀

Stonk market DÖMP EET 🥺📉
They got a vaccine coming too?
[deleted]
I just inherited a few million. Also have a college degree. Not ivy though.

The money for fucking sure.
Netflix 3/19 $520 call
junior. nah, taking zoom classes
Nice
INO December calls are a decent lottery ticket but you gotta be patient
I’m not greedy asking for only 4x return
I would because having expectations for women is so 90s.
Where are you seeing that
jam GDRX 100c
Or they might not be that retarded. Watch they beat earnings along the lines and guidance is just ok the stock will just slowly bleed back to the $12-$13 range
420
You already know the answer
I’m still holding out on my Ford shares for maybe a government contract or something. It’s pretty much rock solid at 8.45 a share.
Too many people here aren’t educated in finance so they need peer influence to drive confidence
The guy is so transparent. He was a sore winner in 2016, and a sore loser now. Saddd
Kayleigh has a double mastectomy. So her shits probably pretty fucked up.
It’s 3 AM and the PRPL guy is back...

fuck it I’m all in at market open
im a dirty little boy 😚
Fuck Bill Ackman too
Not a glitch
For sure, luckily being unemployed these days keeps me in the 12% tax bracket but that same bracket is 0% long term

Thanks
See you boys on the moon
Anyone thinking they will hit 100$ 2months out is out their goddamn mind 😂
Not a glitch
[deleted]
Zoom if you can hit bout fo fiddy tomorrow I’d appreciate it
Ethics is just a college course.
Come on guys give me a play here want to turn $50 into $200
l
what grade ya in/taking time off?
FUCK COVID-19
[deleted]
hes on a boat to japan nice try
Redder than Bill Ackman’s Ferrari
Mill easy
We not nervous at all. JP is the most pro printing U.S. shadow president in history.
Let's crash tesla, give me your energy
The premium price one paid depends on when they bought it and under what circumstances. Its not useful information to others. You should be able to find that information from the software from your brokerage, or using third party sites (might be delayed info).

When talking with others you usually reference strike price and date for the option. Sometimes people mention the IV of the option as well to give an indication of how the premiums will look.
[deleted]
lol
Kayleigh but at Ivanka's age
DAX jumping off a cliff
We literally dominate the world culturally without a fucking culture.

We had 200 years to develop ours and we fucking destroy the entire world combined culturally.

Fucking forget bombs and guns and economies and populations and science and everything else.

Influence is the word of the day.

America is a juggernaut. USD is number one. English language number one. Movies, music, number one.

Everyone wants to be us, live like us, watch us, spend like us, sound like us, dress like us.

Its absurd really.
Says the guy on the internet looking at stock tips from a group of people who jerk off to loss porn.
I'd rather fuck Donald and yell China while I'm at it
same. I'd take a million any day, haha
As soon as I fix my chemical imbalance in my brain. It’s over for y’all retards.
Shrek is fucked
I dont think that's how glitches work
Bulls getting more nervous as Nasdaq gets closer to other indices.

Bears getting nervous Europoors about to buy the fuck out of tech in 12 mins.

Kangs enjoying this week. 

Theta gang having a blast during market hours. 

Whack a mole gang in shambles unless tech goes green.
I’m mainly saying this for tax purposes because you don’t want to be entering and leaving a lot on a position that you like long term.
This really explains it well!
[deleted]
thanx
[deleted]
in a good way, right 😳
Not a glitch
Ya so many shows doing crossovers these days...
Lol again
further proof that all of finance is a huge joke, with investors simply piling into the latest statistical outlier money manager until he inevitably rolls snake eyes
Not a glitch
Cramer's got ball implants for sure.
ACM, ACB, CRON, NIO, PLUG, STOR, LUV, EADSY, REGI, MVIS
Kayleigh but she’s a little skinny
I dont think thats how glitches work
I remember that day. Felt like ages ago though.
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/dhsmatt2 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
[deleted]
ok respond back in 13 minutes
Come on europe u seem to fuck me whenever I buy puts but let’s change that with calls
Xpev is going to fuck all the EV gang
FBI.. this one
[deleted]
[deleted]
nah im in CALI
same man
His girlfriend had the FUCKING JATT
Anyone just saw Nasdaq absolutely drilling for a min? I think that might’ve been a glitch but it went from -0.44 to -0.60% in a sec, then back to  -0.49%.
Yesterday was blood green futures tho
[deleted]
That's a good idea. I forget we are allowed to hedge lol
DUUUUUUMPPPP
cute drill, kinda nervous
it is the AM
Also new, hoping to see replies from experienced folks
Ivanka no doubt.
Would you guys date a girl that chews? Or boy 🌈🍆?
blade II was amazing and i learned a lot
lol see u in the AM
$hitcoin creepin up
No just keep the stock and buy puts if you think it has a negative outlook for the short term
😂
i go to harvard undergrad, and id way rather have a million right now
It’s when you have a few dollas days of margin leftover and don’t want to leave it sitting
It just keeps getting worse
bulls get fucked
[deleted]
I don’t trust these futures
Don’t hate, have some
both @ the same time
Kayleigh, she’s such a babe
Both look like artificial 🤡’s
i was kind of joking, its possible to make a lot of money but when its staring you in the face, you really have to take it. a lot of people can be tired from work, with a numb mind and the greed takes over easy, and thats how they die
Barron
Por que no los dos?
Ivanka
i dont think that sums it up well enough, cause unlike a lot of youtube and instagram personailities he isnt a douchebag.
$11 gang checking in
Yeah that happens too. Like 10 times as rarely
how tha fuck you have so many coins
Def Kayleigh
You’re a simple man. But a wise one.
Naaah fake news
HA can't even spell lose, what a looser
1 million cause I could put it into 1 penny stock that’s mooning and make 10k every 5 min
1 million to buy more options
[deleted]
Try tech, clean energy, and real estate/homebuilder etf calls for next spring 👍 Like $BLOK, $BOTZ, $HERO, $NERD, $SOCL, $LIT, $TAN, $ICLN, $FDN, $SMH, XHB, $XLRE
Wonder what it’s like to be a millionaire while attending Maui Community College?
I’d rather take $1000 right now over a bachelor from one of the top ivys
Ur a long way Away from >forex
/r/smallstreetbets is that way
Up 20% at the open.
Why wouldn’t you sell puts?
We’re getting better at treating it.
the 1 million please
Would you rather fuck Ivanka or Kayleigh?
Shoutout to the fellow autist i met in hardcore search a few hours ago, it’s james. SPY 370 brother👍🏾
bruh these sweepstakes scumbags are really baiting me with these Tesla ads on instagram
Stem BS and ivy league connections is way more valuable
Up 1%
Are you me? I seem to make the right picks from time to time...and then end up holding too long bc I'm greedy, or too short bc I get scared/impatient.

You'd think I'd have learned to do better by now
Dude I took the fucking vaccine. So did my neighbor. It is golden. We got antibody tests after and came out good. Hell yeah im averaging down on value stocks all month!
I’d recommend DOCU 11/20 calls
Not worried, but when money is gonna go filtering back into other stocks it would be smart to sell and rebuy at it's lower value
[deleted]
I'll be honest, I feel like a solid percentage of gains posts have this hiding in their all-time graphs.
you giving me crazy conspiracy theory vibes soo maybe it was for the best 🤷‍♀️
Ok cool
coronas looks like it's about to ream america bigly over the whole of winter

so calls on big tech as usual
By the time they get their product out it will be an outdated pos, tell me the front of it doesn’t look like it’s from the 1990s
Lol
1 million
1 million easy
Thanks g
no ive been having premarital sex
TWNK, hostess is making some pretty aggressive moves into new markets. Plus twinkies can survive this apocalypse, the cockroach of snack foods
NE-YO
Hopefully they’re good and stack us up to all time highs
No but we’re proficient in ROPE
Plot twist : "The market keep rising on hope of miracle Coronavirus cure"
Would you rather have $1million or a bachelors from one of the top ivys?
I feel ya bro
I hope my PLYR 19c 11/20 goes green tomorrow. U peeps holding or cashing out?
Dinner at the apollo this friday? I'll be the tranny with roses
/r/antstreetbets is that way
Head up bro you’ll get one! Maybe you hit a 10
Bagger tomorrow and you can just buy one on eBay for $1200 😭
Ohhh nvm I’m fine then, you truly are an autist with high standards and pure autistic class. My dear sir good luck.
I have to leave option trading for a while. Either I’m not taking my profit, cause I’m greedy or I’m just losing money, because I don’t take profit. 

I truly belong here
I’m so sick of love songs, so tired of tears.
Daily Reminder: MMs playing Jenga tomorrow
You bought calls at the ultimate top 😂
the first step is to realize that everyone here is a moron and never listen to them

the final step is to realize that you are a moron and you should have never listened to yourself
You did the right thing especially if you were bagholding
[deleted]
Chainsaw
you mumbling like a dumbass

give me a date
[deleted]
[deleted]
A dose of NIO 11/20 calls should get you feeling right
One day people will understand how stupid it is to call out their plays to the exact people they are betting against
NIO
😔 at least you got one, I sold my PS4p to offset the cost so I want one asap to play again
Priced in for sure.
best stock
Have any of you studied the blade?
Listen if you are worried about dropping 30% you shouldn’t be investing in stocks

“The Nasdaq Rose as the Dow Went Flat Because Investors Bought the Tech Dip”

Bruh, Barron’s article headlines are funny af each day.
🙄
Just get a job at GameStop. You work your hours you get paid.
😑
PJ traders aren’t bringing the big gay like they used to
When is Moderna announcing??
Narrator: “We aren’t”
I wish I had 40k in cash... to stock up on options
Well no one else wants to blow Acb nizzies tonight so I guess I’ll pass out with some
Xan’s

Bros. This was code. Wtf
Been having a lot of bad days lately. Down a lot of money. Stressing.

Hope this week helps me to get back somewhat.
NIO down 1% already. Uh oh
[deleted]
ouch bro, keep in mind bankruptcy is always an option and it's not as bad as people think
The guy is Turkish and his name is Bilal Göregen. The music comes from Poland I think. 

He is a great guy. He is blind by birth but he puts on an amazing show every time.
Sorry bro :/ hope u can cop at Walmart tomorrow
Minus the bullshit life's great
Happy cake day, you bastard.
So the hospitals in the US are clearly being overrun. We keep reporting 100K cases a day. Like bruh, how tf are we gonna make it through the winter without further lockdowns?
i just want nio to pop off like that day in june when nkla went from 42 to 93
lmao everytime i look at crsr's 6 month performance i laugh

fking google glitch makes the company look poor
Congrats on that 0.5%
A couple hundred per day
NEE HO
Vaccine looks questionable, but market does not give a fuck.
Why not self half at a loss and keep the other half and see if it gets there. Personally I don’t see any signs that it will gain 3% but then who knows, maybe there will be some news
No the queue was fucking terrible kept increasing my wait time
Venmo me the 40k for next semester bill I just got
I have accomplished one of these 😎
Well I guess I own .5% of OPTI now, not big on penny stocks but I think the $2bn deal is going to completely put them on the map and open up a lot of avenues with the extra cash
I’m tempted but I feel like ps5 is priced in. No idea
LOL
lol they will care if it crashes down into the dirt. there goes your retirement, job, etc etc. "i have to work when i am 71? what is a stock?"
That's where Jill enters the picture.

[https://preview.redd.it/n2tn80chy6r51.jpg?width=960&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=3537fcce0f9dd510177610073e25f9d13a1a134e](https://preview.redd.it/n2tn80chy6r51.jpg?width=960&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=3537fcce0f9dd510177610073e25f9d13a1a134e)
[deleted]
[deleted]
why what happ?
These decisions are well above my pay grade.  I just change the mints in the urinals.
Markets will be green by open. Drink some water. Rub one out. Get some good sleep and dream about all the tendies we will make in the morning. Sleep tight fair bulls, especially u/GoBeaversOSU because he never sleeps. 😴😴
Smh I guess I’m in
shitttt. DAX slipping and NASDAQ is also slipping. my calls are fuk
Today DIS will moon after earnings.

I think there is 2 good plays. Calls shortterm or VERY long calls 2022 or 2023.

Dis was worth around 130 last year this time, before they added 60 million subscribers to DIS+. I know their parks are fuckt, but they will return eventuelly.

DIS should be valuated closer to Netflix than entertainment. 

SO what will we see today at earnings:

* Mulan performed decent, Can't expect a shit movie to go hard on a whole new business model, people are not used to. They will say it went good, and hopefully highlight all subscribers it gets.
* DIS+ Should have added around 4-5M subscribers. Double the amount of Netflix. 
* In the mist of a pandemic they made a profit. Remember in July-Sep everything was mostly open, and we all ignorred COVID19. They will obviously crush earnings by a lot, probably the same as last time.
* Last earnings DIS moved 10%

DIS business model is so much better than netflix.   
Netflix: Release a series -> Get subscribers.  
DIS: Make a movie -> Sell it on your own platform or in Cinemas -> Re-release it on your own platformt -> Get subscribers -> Sell a shitton of merchandaise -> Get people to cruises and themeparks.  


I think DIS will be worth around 150 tomorrow.
Wanna buy a rock I just got in? Magical powers that predict 370c
Just off the top of my head the last few weeks NIO and GME worked out damn well for a lot of people if they actually cashed out
I am the college child.
NI HAO
Thoughts on Sony?
Crsr looking good
I’ve made part of one of my friend group consumed as well, like a black hole. At least it’s good when they say they will buy some luxury items because of profits, makes me feel like I did something.
you didnt get that shit on monday bruh?
Heard he was a eunuch
I don't think they actually lost money on the Vision Fund when you consider the entire portfolio. If you're doing venture capital you're bound to get some firms blow up (although there should've been far more DD for a firm of the size of Wirecard).

The call spreads were pretty much WSB-tier gambling. Maybe they were trying to corner the options market but $3B seems inadequate and it definitely blew up on their faces.
I like it.  
I'm only wary of if we open and everything sells off for a little while, then the stay at home rotation goes full throttle.
Yeah
everyone down vote this gay robo mod
CYRX - CryoPort
Imagine buying NIO calls at the ATH
Yeah, I found this out yesterday after numerous attempts to ask for clarification on why I’m restricted from purchasing, I was always told it’s due to using an API and having a high trading volume. I never used an API neither was I told what the limit is for the trading volume threshold. The thing is I started high volume scalping about a month ago. Since then I was restricted half the time and the month has changed from October to November. Therefore I couldn’t have possibly reached the average 390 per day for a 1 month calendar period. A high estimate would be 500 orders (filled and canceled) for me, therefore since I started high volume trading in the middle of October there is no way I reached the limit. The only way I would’ve reached the limit is if they look at individual trading days, but again this has not been clarified by Robinhood either. Robinhood support only partially clarified my restriction yesterday, they said “Professional Customers are defined as individuals who place more than 390 orders in listed options per day on average during a calendar month.” Your knowledge of Robinhood makes me think you work for them.
prob red from pumping too much
That’s rich. Bears lose money for years waiting to be “right” and only make money if they time it perfectly. Bulls make money the rest of the time and buy the dip making even more money. Bulls always have the last laugh.
Feet photos on onlyfans
60+ by Q1 or Q2 2021, mark my words
Ok so covid is still very much a thing even with vaccine news...  ZM/PTON calls?
You’re just watching that?
green is love green is life
Linkedin shows 142. Don’t rely on robinhood for your info bro lol
Trump will keep fighting, but he should just concede and run next time.
Reason I said “lived” When life’s good it gets boring I need an injection of extreme excitement like buying calls with way loads of money
Anyone else just manage to snag a PS5? I’m hype
Pinkman really making the whole show
gaspph 

ur rite 

the stonk market is a pyarmid scheme the enire time

is this how MM and GM's make monie?

by tellin ther rich duddy and mummy to buy sum stonks?
Only thing tanking this shit is full on civil war or large scale terrorist attack.  Ackman has to be betting on that.  Seems risky
Gif is older than the internet it self
I want a triple parlay. Give me KG to win the tip-off. The over on KG 25.5 rebounds and points combined. And the Celtics to cover.
Sometimes it's good to just take a break from this place and remember that the rest of the world doesn't care about options or stocks for that matter
even if trump and biden got the gay and married the stonk market would still rise...

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N50lwEB4LJs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N50lwEB4LJs)
I try and shield this blasphemy from my 80k a year tuition college child. Bahahahs
NYO
😳😳😳
God damnit. It's late lol.  
Good play...
If you were truly living an almost perfect life you wouldn’t be here
I’ll check em out
Tight and tasty
Little versions of his head/face
You better call Soul
Im pissed, was going to do earnings FDs expecting it to be at 700 but its been tanking. all my money is slipping away
I’m waiting for Inovio’s vaccine FDA’s aproval. It should moon then, right? Right...?
u tell me 😋😋😋
airlines, hotels, resturaunts are still gonna be the hardest hit in this market. there is no getting around that
[removed]
NEO
nanogames.io
LMFAOOOOO
But it’s entertaining and a great way to skip boring classes and work
Shrek is love shrek is life
[deleted]
That's us man, thanks for the appreciation!

Mobile app incoming btw. And we're recruiting beta testers, just in case!
'is it free money' said the moron who's strategy has similar risk exposure to buying the underlying
what do you think cramers balls look like
sorry, literally lol... 🙃
Habib and jehsushsven think it’s doomsday
Yeah no Snapchat is at its peak, way over valued...
Actually your not wrong in the sense that it’s hopeless in the meantime but you are a nihilist and I have no respect for nihilism. All I know is you eat “ plant meat “ and a plant based gam changers esc. Diet and you’ll be having your chest cut open with a Milwaukee grinder “ heart surgery”  . Eat that shit honestly it’s better for people like me anyhow I can afford to eat organic and grass fed beef  but if the plebs ever want health and a shot at not destroying are planet right this second then it’s regenerate farming not some fucking fake bug meat soy lent green from our authoritarian overlords.
Calls or puts?
SPY puts?
Refreshed target for 2 hours only to get lucky and get it on Sony site. I’ll sell it to u. $1,000 in shitcoin.
Wait the markets were open today? FUCK
[deleted]
This ain’t for you.
hmm seems like last time red by bed green by mornin
Zoom 423. Ffs please tank sub 400
[deleted]
Please don't murder me and also, please seek professional help
Nobody tell him
If hes advertising it its coz hes backing out of his positions homie. This is the last sign u need to go full BULL. And i say this as someone whos been relatively bearish over the last few months
I lived a pretty stress free life, I would say perfect almost, then I got stressed and over consumed on stock trading options constantly. Other than that life is still amazing, just loss of sleep and lots of stress
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
yea it's sad. Back in April, May and June everyone was all in on cruises. Now they're all in on tech and Nio.
The bond market is three times the size of equity markets in the US.
Because they never win
IM EMOTIONAL
So they want test results and take a rake of the proceeds.. hahahA.

Do they give priority to herpes?
Lol it’ll be another year at least.
[deleted]
The demented souls living on investing.com scare me
Yeah I mean same as anyone I typically lose in the real thing but at least I get a room/food/drinks. Once I withdrew I could be sitting on 20, dealer w/ 6 and push or lose every time
only in this insane endgame market is this remotely justifiable
ty very much sire

&#x200B;

moon to abc 

im drunk
Why wait I can tell you that right now.
No emotions, just charts.
WHY DO FUTURES GOTTA BE RED EVERY NIGHT AND BLOOD GREEN BY MARKET OPEN
Thanks for bringing to my attention. I forgot about it but it's a good long term hold and might get into some positions tomorrow at this price
Yeah, why not..go for it to see how it works.  Just make sure you have enough cash for the assigment, that way its easier to manage :)
Money comes and goes but opportunities don’t. SPY $370 next week.
and then live on generous grandpa joe welfare and do it all again.
Bullish AS FUCK
Don’t do em like this gigantoir
7.83 Shares! lmao
Cut loss bro
Copy and paste from Barrons, I would hope it's somewhat coherent.
> People that admit they're retarded are usually less retarded than they actually think they are. It's the ones that don't know they're retarded that are the dangerous ones lol

If that's the case then WSBtards should be in good shape when compare to the rest of society.
🥭lost
Isn't this the 🌈🐻 that's always crying on TV?
My calls like the cut of your jib
I think the dumbest thing is « wow market cap is too high ».

Like when Apple reached 1tb. « No way it goes up »
2tb « Apple is doomed now ».

Numbers mean nothing, 69% of people know that.
Everyone laughs at the bears til shit hits the fan. Bears are always the last ones laughing
ackmans a lil bitch but i agree this market looks calm on the surface but its one or two tantrums anyway from death
get rich or get a 9-5
Next level paranoia. He’s not the kind of dude to admit an L he’s just maintaining brand for the media empire he originally intended to create
FUTURES AT LEVELS UNSEEN SINCE 24 HOURS AGO
Nio will either please me or disappoint me today.
Rip
Don’t think so, just starting episode 5 I think I’m gonna be up all night watching this
puts to reach nirvana
isn't stating the strike price pointless without the premium price? Genuine question as I'm learning about options
At what point will one of the autists in this sub actually do that. I can see it now: "$205 > $the planet"
Even if this happened, the market would still rally.
[deleted]
gonna need a vaccine before bill gates lets you log into microsoft windows
I like it
Get rich or go homeless trying
[deleted]
now this is pod racing
Why would you need college when NIO buys you a Lambo.
margin rate doesn't beat Robinhood's 5% after $1000 borrowed. Nowhere beats Robinhood's margin rate.
nkla has the best semis. they don't even need motors to move
There was a spac discord I found link to on r/spac. I can't locate it now. Anyone who knows it can share?
I dropped 5k tonight after up 5k in the real shit.
So stay home
[deleted]
Restart NIO train?
Ticketmaster is going to require vaccine proof before issuing tickets.

Interesting, might cause a spike with PFE or might be a good time to grab puts with TKTM  


ETA, nm can't seem to find tktm available
That shit is scary. Just spent the last hour there after your link
Yo king, hows it going?
Wasted many hours and probably ruined my day tomorrow trying to get a PS5

Puts on me
Year-to-date, ICLN has gained 86.18%.
Go steal someone elses
50,000 plus shares via stock and options... very similar tales. Love the company and my strat3gy calls for actions like profits but damn when it becomes 7 figures and rip face off movements it can be a therapeutic session on the daily!
$30C 1/21/22 here I saw him say it in a dream before he said it so jumped in early.
2023 because straw polling coworkers that are pretty high in essential Workforce they all scared to get it
looks like he's hedging and not totally betting on a blow out crash. but still. the dude made 2.6bn off the last crash https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqyJYVb-6L8
Beginning a huge reversal after the 100% retracement super bullish
Why it’s gonna be red freiday
Ok coomer
U are a smart and rich man
realistically the only thing that matters is that which the liberals will believe

fauci says available to all by april
positions or ban
GM is garbage and Ford has two cars people care about
Thanks though
First, that’s not a link or an article. 

Like I mentioned earlier, that path of thinking is flawed. Obviously *if* everyone farmed livestock in a sustainable manner, it would *technically* be possible, but in reality very little livestock farmland, and practically zero large scale commercial livestock operations are being used responsibly. Your logic is the same as saying “cars aren’t bad for the environment, some of them are electric!!” Meanwhile 99% of cars are still gas powered. 

99% of (commercial) farms are horrible for the environment. As soon as you get Tyson, Cargill, and JBS to agree to adjust all their farms to operate in a sustainable manner let me know 😂
Already got $Baba 265 for that date
Looking at the trend ,snap usually increase by 1-2 % next day and I am to sell it from 8:30 am to 9am central time . Usually snap increase during this time . I was hoping this will be around 39.5 during that time and I would take profit . Now looks like messed up
The whole point of buying the whole market vtsax or even just spy is that you don’t need to pay a “pro” to time the market for you. You just let it sit. For free. For years. This is basic 101 stuff. 

This sub is for gambling with options, don’t get it mixed up with investing
I never thought WSB would have bullshit like this posted here.


Get the fuck out of here.
green by open.

only nasdaq though, dow can stay red
If true, I expect to see him on NBC tomorrow crying
"err and err and err again, but less and less and less"
Like Hindenburg short report or the other? Asking for my dead parents
Isn't that how WSB works? *looking at PRPL*
Yearly sales are priced in
Is the support and adoption by microstrategy, square Paypal etc not do enought to legitimize orange coin.

Thanks for taking the time to respond.
Damn that’s incredible, how many options have you placed asking as someone who’s starting to lose count
[deleted]
Yeah, why not? Just get some leaps.
This kid's parents works for the company. SEC needs to track this kid down.
Absolutely crushed bovada on blackjack until I took a big withdrawal, now I can’t win a hand to save my life. Any legit shitcoin casinos or do I have to drive my ass to the real thing?
Source?
“I have never traded before” 
Like, not even in stocks? Yeah let me just go straight to options then, with margin. 
Nothing bad could ever happen.
I thought you said Michelle Pfeiffer CEO and got oddly excited for a second
earnings for Nio has been non GAAP
You must be an optiongenius too
Do you have the collateral and want to own 100 shares? If so, great way to enter a position
Only dads have pussies
Market will open 9:30
someone shill me on DKNG  

\*\*The fuck you give me gold for
Nothing wrong at all but you have to sell something at least 45 dte to make the premium worth it, weeklies are good for atm contracts but if your fine holding a month or so than something  itm a few strikes is great if your bullish long term and want theta to not fuck you. I’m
BABA 310c 1/15
No dips on Acb = no gild
This trade makes no sense to me... looks like you might as wel just take your Loss or cross fingers and hope it randomly jumps
Bill Ackman shorted Over $20BN In credit on 11/11 predicting a crash. He's the same dude who made a fortune shorting the first crash. States are proposing lockdowns again starting next week, vaccine is nowhere near ready, cases are at an all-time high. 

I'm buying puts a month out boys. This ship is going down like the Hindenburg soon. Maybe not next week, but it's coming.
[deleted]
cat vibing to $HD theme song
no hablo espanol but sounds like some gay shit
I plead the 5th like that guy
XLU puts. Get ready for a red streak Friday or next week
Better be before 9:30am est so zoom can halt down
Same here!
There is a reason we don’t talk about car company billionaires very often (minus Elon)
DKNG been weaksauce
[deleted]
Yeah amd calls 87 next week.
You’re autistic as fuck
GME porn my favorite 🤑🚀 ty
I almost had to look that up. Thank you for that 😂
When is the vaccine realistically getting adminstered in the US?
How are we feeling about draftkings
nowadays meme stocks usually run-up to ER and then drop HARD after ER regardless of the report
[deleted]
If I had a sex robot and VR i wouldn't need anything else.
Today was nice, very nice. Just hoping nothing crazy happens. The last time I bought calls was around the start of September. And well, we know what happened then.
The knock-on effects of a completely overloaded healthcare system are a lot worse than you're probably thinking.
Hey Genius, CEO is the one who orders when news are published, tee hee
[removed]
so u've been creatin a pyramid scheme by makin everyone buy pltr

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

MODS!!!
[deleted]
¿Te gusta pitos en tu voca?
Not super deep. I’m bullish so I’m expecting it to rise and even if it trades sideways or goes down, as long as it stays within my adjusted cost basis are there any problems? If not I can just roll out
Planning some options plays for tomorrow. Any recommendations!!!
Go all in on GME like the rest of the fucks
Lol nah. Sony site
Goodluck everyone and happy trading tomorrow 😄 im all in bitches
Plot twist: that's a dude holding that crystal
Can this one roll down hills as well?
china EV numba 1! 🇨🇳
Where’d u get it at pls tell me GME
any big news about them?
Today the market will open!
XLU Nov. 20 65.5/64.5 put spreads or 65 puts for the win. Currently holding 187 contracts
Credit spreads
I don't even have a degree, prove yourself to employers like how I did. The world doesn't owe you anything.
[deleted]
r/thetagang
I've owned 100 SE shares awhile now, picked up a 185 septn21 call when it hit 156. Already up 600 bucks on it and have a whole year more or less.  I assume 200+ by end of year, at which point I'll sell weekly/biweekly pmcc's until my contract gets called away

God bless the tardis who sold their SE shares to buy cruise stocks rofl
APHA, CRON, CGC
If this post was a stock, I'd be buying the fucking dip rn;
Boom
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** GUSH/OIL

**URL:** https://redd.it/jspxll
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jspxll) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Squash1010, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
SPDR_Monkey
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
What this actually means is you are averaging more then 390 orders (not trades) per day for any given month.  If at the end of the month, you still have this average, you will be considered a professional customer for the next quarter.  Professional customers are not allowed on RH as they are charged higher fees by the exchanges, which messes with the RH free model.
BAN?!?!?! Yall some fucking dingleberries man.  Using python / API, you can program your own auto-trading bot. Fuck out my face with this 'ban' shit.  Downvote me ya cucks...
bro i see three tiddies right there
I think I have to find a new brokerage
they'll moon

&#x200B;

now gild me so i can make sum tendies
Unfortunately no
Where can i get 30k loan?? Asking for a friend
Aaaand tanked
Retard strength is worth billions
CRSR IS THE WAY
[removed]
Crystal ball time, what do y'all think about my 11/20 300 calls? Can we make it or do I have to pawn my panties with more hole than a block of Swiss cheese again?
if u look into ur pants u'll c tiny
we need lockdowns again but trump won't do them. LET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOOR <\_>

ZM 500 C Jan 2022, ETSY 170 C Jan 2022, PTON 200 C Jan 2022
Bullish
If you touch your pp often enough on a regulars basis, that’s a pattern.
😂😂😂
I love golden showers
Use Tasty Works
SCUM!
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYXzHjbfMDk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYXzHjbfMDk)

really half assed is the american way
bears dreaming of the day futures were red at -2% days ago...

prob still dreamin...
[deleted]
Cut your losses
"look at the charts, dude. its clearly forming a triple top"
keeping cash and day trade the trends.

Focusing on weed stocks like $acb for nice dips 

if anyone has another tickers I should look for shoot them!
Snap volume is dying out so i would not be playing calls short term
Cant trust chinese data and record because they are corrupted as hell.
How many trades do you make
Bought palantir on ipo day, got called a retardo bag holder at 11 buckaroos, so much tendie here it’s time to dump it!
I missed you’re big cock
gonna inverse my usual self and buy puts on PLTR before their ER tomorrow AH =) knowing my luck tho itll be the first ER stock to go green after lol
whoever isn't betting that PLTR isnt going to moon is a big dummy
Recovery pump was so all the MMs could get out. All of recovery has literally dropped for the past 2 days
Everyone forgot the virus is still very much a real thing and fomo'ed in too hard
I can’t believe I was able to get a PS5. Gunna make a higher % on this then your autistic Robinhood accounts.
Green by open. Going back to sleep even though it’s daylight outside.
Repub Senate is going to be not as bullish for green infrastructure initiatives. So I don't know.
You travelin' bruh?
Ban ^
Then prove it bitches and show us your puts
On Aug 20 Pfizer announced positive early data.
ZM calls at open. NVDA and the other EOD probably
Of course, I have $4.39 ready to put to use
I was going over everything because I’m actually holding them too, and I think there’s a chance it might not hit until January.. thinking about rolling out my position (currently 25x 12/31 400c) to 1/15/2021 at the earliest
But what if I think taxes are a Democrat hoax to line the pockets of the Clintons, who, by the way, started covid hoax 19. I mean, we've already had 18 Covids. How hard can it be to contain another one? But it's fake anyways because Alex Jones proved that the Illuminati wanted chips in our arms this whole time. And don't get me started on Bill Gates and his agenda of partnering with Jeff Bezos on MK Ultra.
Ban
Get out ASAP.
Dang I kinda don’t care. Open back up
There is one very cool big erotic store company in germany.

[https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/beate\_uhse-stock](https://markets.businessinsider.com/stocks/beate_uhse-stock)
I used to get them pretty regularly late teens through mid twenties. Break the cycle! Exercise regularly, eat healthy WELL BALANCED food, read a book (not somebody’s fucking NIO DD). I learned that breaking the exhaustion cycle worked every time. 

Day trading doesn’t help btw
[deleted]
I like puts on SPXS
Do you know how many times they have diluted? My vodka drink is a better ratio

Just say they’ll moon and I’ll gold you
Not anymore. Trading as killed my emotions because I can’t have any while trading. If you can’t kill your emotions, you shouldn’t be trading or you’ll make a lot of stupid mistakes.
What the fck, travel stocks only went up for 1 day....
Read sacred cow by rob wolf , send me 100$
Duh.
In fact they never IPO’d
TDOC, DOCU, PLTR
eat my ass
Stonks drop bigly , your account gets blown up.
Leaps or weeklies tho
Did you even read what I posted?
[deleted]
[deleted]
How do I do the call?
[deleted]
GME
Is zoom dead yet
Ni-o complaints 🤑
 U.S RECORDED MORE THAN 140,000 NEW CORONAVIRUS CASES TODAY, ANOTHER ALL-TIME HIGH 

 bullish wheres the zoom calls at and trade desk
Green by open. Will be buying puts end of day, expect Friday to be bloody
[deleted]
TDOC looking like a snac below 180
That’s what I was saying earlier and got mad hate for it
How deep in the money are you talking about? The more the option is ITM, less it has extrinsic value so it acts more like a synthetic stock, price wise. You'd be in hook for the underlying assignment also and could be early assigned if not much ext value left.
Midday before they dropped
This is the sixth time we have destroyed the portfolio and rest assured, we are becoming exceedingly efficient at it.
Used to use it all the time, but they couldn't be giving the good stuff away for free.
The spaghetti moves daily, so, what I tell you today won’t work for tomorrow. But, levels are always there. Just watch for major levels. 350, 352.50, 355, 357.50 360 etc. and watch for support and/or resistance around the $1 levels. 351, 352, 353, etc. Entries for longs are best to jump in on right after a major resistance or $1 level (for example enter at 350.01 to go long or 350.99 to go short) other level to go long on are the .20, .50 cent levels. Entering long at .80 level is the hardest because that last .20 usually has a lot of seller coming in. The inverse is true for shorting. .80 and .50 levels are great to go short on, but, .20 is hard because of the buyers.
[removed]
lmao i dont want my wife seeing it but i literally thought of changing my phones background to a quote saying something like "dont be an impulsive retard today if your gonna trade"
You’re right, it doesn’t really work for leveraged ETFs because of rebalancing. Pretend you have an 2x leveraged ETF that tracks an Index, and that both the ETF and Index are valued at 100 each. Let’s say the index loses 25% of its value on the next day. Then the etf should lose 50% if it’s 2x leveraged. So the Index is now at 75, and the ETF is at $50. If the index goes back up to 100 the next day, it will need to have increased by 33%. Therefore the ETF should then increase 66%. But that only brings the ETF up to 50*(1+0.66) = $83.33, not back up to $100. I know it’s an extreme example, but the math holds up ofc for smaller losses. Basically every time a leveraged etf decreases, it diverges further from its index because it tracks the daily performance of the index. Also that’s not to mention a lot of leveraged etfs have high expense ratios.
Was a 2 bagger, but I hear ya. First time earnings on a company in this climate is a little too high risk for me. Was also bag holding 2 feb 10c since Oct. My conscience was kicking me in the balls to take profits.
Calls on CEO
I don't know! That's why I asked, because I am retarded.
Yes
ooh I like this maybe i'll buy leaps on this also along with LIT
According to them yes, but after many requests I only received clarification yesterday on the exact amount of trades allowed
positions
i plead the 5th
the goat

muricas solution seems to be, lets keep everything in semi lockdown, so people are miserable AND covid still spreads to everyone.
My guy this is the stonk market
She dead. Wanna fuck the ashes?

Oof that’s too much. I feel bad. Sorry mom again, apparently the -200k wasn’t enough yet
With PLTR's 50%+ runup in the past week, plus the bullish wsb sentiment, I'm tempted to sell a bunch of call credit spreads or condors for the ER tomorrow.
[deleted]
bullish
According to them yes, but after many requests I only received clarification yesterday on the exact amount of trades allowed
Shout out to the dude that just posted a comment saying bears were dumb and futures were green and then deleted it, you’re gonna make it brah
You shouldn’t be allowed on here. There’s an age requirement. We all already passed kindergarten- be cool and stay in school
Actually green by open
Holding RKT calls and NIO puts bc I hate money

Inverse my portfolio and enjoy
Trump has no actual cronies
NIO = lucky coffee 2.0
Until you take me home to meet your mom the most ill do is suck your dick
Short and long term plays tho, got some CL and BAM too
Good flair, mods
stop
Remember when Boeing said the 737 Max will be back in the air by December 2019? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
oh ok 👍
I don't know if you know this, but 10% > 0%.
We pay less taxes than you euros. But if you get into an accident here in america. Say goodbye to money for next decade
PJs used to snap these dips up like nobody’s business. i was holding puts once and it dropped 2% overnight and was green by open. what gives bro. PJs pussys
not on tech

let all the shitty stock that went up 15% over a scam of vaccine hopes fall to earth so we can buy leaps

MGM 01/2023 $30C, JPM 01/2023 $130C, CVX 01/2023 $90C
We need to do something about the Chinese species
For about 5 min then we go green
.
It’s a parked site. For real

I’m drunk as fuck and even I don’t even fall for that
You would be paying tax on the profit difference from what you bought in at vs what you sold at. So if you bought a stock at $10,000 and sold it for $10,300 you would pay tax for the $300 profit you made/the tax percentage would be of the $300 profit, not the $10,300 as a whole.
Okay how many of your are overleveraged in NIO rn be honest
Find the top on GM tomorrow and short it. Take profits until you feel comfortable and maybe even leave a few runners into Friday to sell at open, depending on how red we are. IF you leave those overnights, make sure the play is a free one at that point.
What des this mean asking as an unprofessional.
Bought PLTR at IPO. 

Got all my friends to buy PLTR at IPO.

Cousin bought 1000 shares at IPO.

Constant angry messages for over a month.

Haven't been invited to go bowling for a month.

This week I was finally let out of my basement by my wife's boyfriend. Thank you Daddy Thiel
We got this shit brah
It's 1% away from that chill
Cable
Why can't the market be on easy mode one more time?
Is it glitched!?! Mine says it’s $8.33!

Should I invest my life savings? It’s practically free money, right? 

Finna buy the entire sub yachts 🛥🛥🛥🌊🌊🌊😎👌
Hahaha all the butthurt USA people downvoting :’) true autism
Based on my experience, probably not. I tested RXT earnings too
Donald, is that you?
[deleted]
Bearish from now until friday, then friday morning i am reloading and buying calls

I still kept half of my calls if this rly does keep pumping im just gonna let that shit ride
We can't let them out retard us! We should lose 5 billion to show them whose boss.
you need to set up a "shrine of shame" next to your trading computer. print off all your failed trades and use red market to highlight them. try to visualize the shame you'll feel when you have lost so much money. you need to do this when you are feeling most euphoric until you kill the mood and feel depressed
Yeah. Ain't nobody got time to sell Puts. Thank you guys for the liquidity, keep it up! :)
Try putting a . After the .com
Foxtailavenger only knows how to write 5 words in a specific order..."Wait you guys can read?"
Also look up your location on long term taxing. Some states have really low short term and long term tax rates (1-6%). Short term is if you held the stock for less than a year, long term is when you held the stock for more than a year. Federal taxing is a bitch if you sold short term. But long term I believe it's like 1%? I'd have to look it up. While I'm at it I want to look up taxing on options
Did you play both?
Remember that they were up $4bn. So from top to bottom $7.7bn
Birth?
This place has blessed you
HYLN
qq for my TQQQ puts
[deleted]
Hey hot shot- I mean The Oracle of WSB. You are the man! Great job. I said accountant, they are the professionals that help you file your taxes at the end of the year.. they don’t turn water into wine.. so no clue what you are talking about but again you are just awesome (I hope this helps your obvious fragile self esteem - seemed like you needed a little praise for your absolute brilliance. Now learn what an accountant is.)
Fook mi top posts are losses and loss memes
bruh they selling more stonks so it'll dilute the shares 

i wouldn't touch this stonk for a long time...maybe 4 months time til next ER
Keyword "likely" which means Bullshit.
I don’t think Robinhood Gold matters
I’d give you an award if I had coins
Thank you guys sorry just never worried about the taxes part but it’s almost January
Even if the word 'stocks' is written correctly, I read it as 'stonks.' This place has ruined me.
"Bolsonaro says Brazilians must not be ‘sissies’ about coronavirus, as ‘all of us are going to die one day’"
Harvey Birdman, attorney at law at your service !
Yeah but $500 is more than enough to turn into 2k faster than holding BA shares...on to the next trade lad, BA was a success!
That is correct, even if you decide to reinvest the money directly after the sale you need to pay taxes on that sale even if you lose all the money after reinvesting it. However usually you can get a tax credit for stock losses in general, like if you sold at a loss for some reason.
6th times a charm?
-0.3% on NDQ? Not too worried at this point.

I'd be more worried if I was celebrating a 0.3% movement in my direction tbh.
You have less chance of blowing up your account if you take singles. But then you get huge FOMO the 1 time it rockets after earnings
You pay it on the profit. The cost basis is reported so the IRS knows the difference.
Yes
Best way to cut the cord?
Law of averages tells me you’ll win big eventually
God blessin all the trap higgas
Egg McMuffin for $2 @ 300cal is the better grab
That tasty works promotion is pretty neat. I tried most of the other brokers, but have held out on this one. Did you get the 100 shares or do the challenge?
What is it worth now?
Hmm no SPCE...
shareholders own a portion of the company. with a large enough holding, this can come with the benefit of influencing how the company is run

bondholders get priority if a company is being liquidated. they're less volatile as well. you're basically the lender of a mortgage, instead of the borrower

thus, the main difference is risk

if you have a billion, you probably don't need aggressive capital appreciation. you could go all bonds in a solid company like MSFT, or spread it across a few different solid companies. with a good yield, you'd be set

if any company went under, paying you back would be given priority over shareholders. there's a degree of assurance that you'd get your money back if shit hit the fan

there's still risk, but your money is safer than it would be in stocks

lastly, as a trader/investor, you can learn a lot about what's going on in the markets or specific companies by looking at how bonds are moving

https://finance.zacks.com/bond-vs-equity-returns-3270.html

https://finance.zacks.com/difference-between-bonds-equity-stock-portfolio-1131.html

https://finance.zacks.com/differences-between-debt-equity-investments-3035.html
Bet
[deleted]
Eurothetas have entered the chat?
Your money is gone, sorry
If you aren’t buying ICLN you’re super retard
Bro I turned my account from 3k to 20k in 1 week name 1 account that will do that for me and I will sign up
[deleted]
3/19. From your lips to Jerome’s ears though. If SPY 400 prints by December this place is going to be 🔥
At the end of the year your broker will send you a form to fill put with your taxes.  Just follow the directions and fill in the right boxes to pay your taxes.
so i blew my 5th account...holding rXt calls through ER....god fucking damnit, everytime i say im not holding through ER, i do it again.
Oh yeah, I definitely feel that way too. But I am retarded.
After earnings
so red today? 👍
I think its just a case of just how many people are doing the same thing I am / if you're going to go after someone it works better to target individuals with a history of *trying* to pay.
Why would I be calm when people still defend these institutions after decades of them fucking things up?
TSLA
Ty
Okay thanks this helps aswell I was wondering where I would pay my taxes I was just waiting for IRS to show up at my door tbh lmfao
Ban this guy
[deleted]
Will snap rise today . Already down 30% in call  expiring this week 39.5 strike price
this just in, NIO has announced their new airline
wtf are you on about? i see nasdaq down by 0.3% now
No it counts as a loss and losses offset gains.
Can you just post this every time we move?🤣
You pay taxes on earnings. Realized gains (if you sell the security and “realize” the gain (profit) that is considered capital gain. You pay taxes on capital gains. The government doesn’t give a shit about your next brilliant idea- or how many times you move around your money with transfers. Depending on what you paid on taxes that year and your income determines how much you owe in taxes. I am only 12 years old- please seek an accountant
What expiry you got? I’m holding 12/31 myself
That’s so awesome 👏
Could go brrrr too. Rona showed it doesn't cause hyperinflation
[deleted]
i have a zm 11/13 452.5c LOL you waiting til friday or selling at the peak tmrw?
[deleted]
Boeing hasn't sold a single plane in 3 months.  Not one.
The reality is institutional investors are also addicted to this tech rally. They try to distract us with these fake ass random sector rotations. Don't buy it. Tech always wins.
Look at the five year chart it doesn’t fucking move
[deleted]
You get taxed on the profits.  And unless you rebuy that same stock shares you just sold, you get taxed anyway.  They don't care if you buy a Lamborghini, chicken tenders, or stock with your winnings. 

But you only get taxed on money made,  if your share go up, but you keep them, then no tax.  They don't care where you keep it.  The brokerage isn't keeping it secret from the government.

Your brokerage will send you a tax form around end of January to mid February with your totals.
Even I know this will go tits up
[https://twitter.com/katie\_martin\_fx/status/1326613125249069057](https://twitter.com/katie_martin_fx/status/1326613125249069057)

... so softbank has a yolo WSB unit that managed to lose 4 billion buying FDs

truly visionaries
**Jeb Bush**: *Please clap*  
  
**QQQ**: *Please drop*
What if I enter a position at $10,000 and say tomorrow I want to sell because some news came out and I don’t trust the future it is now worth $10,300 do I pay taxes on $10,300 or just $300 sorry just curious and need to know don’t need IRS retards on my dick
What if you lose money on the new investments? Do you still have to pay taxes on your original gain
Better be ready to average in all day long. Today might be quite bumpy for tech.  
But to hold overnight into Friday may be wise.
Don’t I still need to cover the call? I know it’s not really a risk but those funds are tied up
[deleted]
Unless he got mad that I gave away the free $9 turkey I won, I doubt it. Noah was cool.
Ur gonna make money
in your dreams LOL
I have two 11/20 $60c one to sell one before earnings and the other to keep after it moons.  I will most certainly abandon that plan and watch them both expire worthless when it closes at $59.99
😂😭 former national security advisor McMaster
[deleted]
Yeah, making 8k is gay, suck it up and pay the taxes
The market will notice the rocketing COVID number soon and there shall be blood
Can confirm.
[removed]
353/355
353/355
Nah
Nah. Just a boomer tech stock. Gonn die soon
My cousin called me and some other people he was in a crowded bus. He had shortness of breath and lots of anxiety he was very scared but shortly after he felt fine again. Yea your definitely not alone stay up
it took in more revenue on singles day than most large cap companies are worth
850 shares $6.9 average
[removed]
part 3 dude.. work on your math
I use Fidelity. I work for a FÄGMAN company and have decent savings.
#IT'S HAPPENING
Europoors or eurorich?  What's it gonna be?
That’s gay
Meatballs are dead too.
By throwing midgets at dart board with dates on it, wolf of wallstreet style.
Putting your faith in the ones that are inevitably going to cause the whole thing to go down eh...?  
Bold move Cotton
Your one dumb fucker arnt you
Link 1 article that backs your claim that comes from actual scientists and I will give you $100. I’m dead serious.
Thanks I’ll need it
Lol it’s weird because a lot of stocks are down with spy at an ATH
Not to mention shiny
It's taxed when you make the sell and covert it back into cash, has nothing to do with it hitting your bank account. Even if you invest it back into the market you are taxed on that gain.
I’ll buy the right shoe for $15
That's not the market, that's technical trading which is, as you say, stupid.
[deleted]
If I’m going to lose the money left, let it be on SPY puts
I sold. But I'm a scared ho
[removed]
McMaster? great supply company, huge catalog and always ship shit next day. not sure what they have to do with iran tho lol
Welcome to the fucking show
6 minutes Doug e fresh you’re on
for some reason I think my heart is gonna stop, this is what scares me... went to ER though and doc told me your heart is fine but my dumb brain doesn't get it. Also am a heavy smoker, I will not smoke from now on because of this
Remind Me! 20 hours
If you buy leaps or sell puts you can set and forget
Yes say u are fucked so u are not fucked
[deleted]
Whats the point of selling for 5m when u make 17m
As someone that looks at brain MRIs all day, this hits way too close to home
I still have full confidence in my SPY 400c. Y’all are a bunch of pussies.
Mr Karp doesn’t lose, I’m holding
Appreciate it, what brokerage do you use? What did you do to be able to buy that many shares of baba?
Yeah one time I imagined what it would be like to be a poor virgin.  It was awful!  How do you guys cope?
NiO
Stop acting like you can perdict the market. This is all chance
No
Feeling like Mark Baum in the Big Short, disgusted by the bulls and their continued arrogance towards God and nature...

But still thinking about selling my 2/19 SPY 302P's all the same because I might have been spending too much time on r/collapse
130 strike or shares? If that’s a strike wtf you bitter about? If shares I hope you didn’t sell all for FD’s...either way you made a profit! There’s multiple bagger trades every 15mins
CNBC earlier was talking about Santa Claus Rally or “Grinch stole Christmas?
All of them I believe was bullish on a Santa Claus rally. Also Goldman Sachs with the SPY 370 EOY.

Never been more confident in SPY 350P 12/21.
That sale was scheduled a year ago
Buying ZM calls at open. Selling at 480-490ish.

Buying NVDA calls to hold until next week.

Doubling down on BABA and RKT calls because I'm a retard.

Have your way with me Bogdanoff.
I like you. Wanna fuck?
Big OOF
Hey it’s me!
O ya. SPY CALLS
How do you think they pick the date of the announcement 🤔
They’re giving the vaccine away for free or at cost. So selling doesn’t mean anything about the vaccine, and buying up the stock price was done by retards.
Almost happy
cue your grandpa buying TLSA calls instead
I hope GME blows up just for this tendie porn. God speed Retard.
liar
have you ever thought about how autistic the market is? we keep getting hung up on this number, a so called "resistance", and you have all these companies that make up these indexes, and as soon as you approach that number, all of the sudden companies stop going up in value and start going down in value

just some stupid number. its very odd
used to. doesnt feel like it now but they will pass. just gotta change your lifestyle up. also, mindfulness helped me get rid of them permanently years ago.
help him out man, he probably doesn't know what he's doing. this is why I haven't been to a gym.
People just steal it from your car like legit hahahah?
I can't sleep any more due to the market, but no
DKNG
[deleted]
optionsprofitcalculator (dot) com
Why did you have a panic attack, I know my cousin does but I don’t
oh yeah, horrible panic attacks. But the depersonalization that comes after it is FAR worse. Lasts months for me.
Those are tiny as fuck companies....
I need to wake up to:

QQQ: -10%
Lyft: -10%
NKLA: Delisted
Seems like a lot of risk to take on for 8-11% per year. If one borrower walks away, there goes your profits for the year. Two and you're negative. Much easier to just invest in SPY
Factual articles from a scene from game changers ...... Your not on my level kid I’m not wasting time pointing you to actual articles. Your info comes from retarded vegan pussies who I will literally eat myself if the world ever comes to it. Be a retarded bitch it’s on you pal.
Too much debt, they are a metaphor for america.  Doesn't look good. SAD
i bought a zm 11/13 $497.5c for the lulz
futures are mini me red right now. Bears happy?
I’ll hit it now for good measure
6 minutes.
Day cab. The real money is in long haul and nobody has cracked that nut.
If you built it in the middle of nowhere prob only a couple mill. Location is everything
Keep in Mind Pfizer CEO had to set his sale date back in AUGUST. Just so happened that the sale date determined during summer was the day of the announcement
I'm bullish on PLTR, but you're autistic as fuck if you think a $91m contract on a company priced like Palantir matters at fucking all.
PSA: This is because biden made that law. And now he "fights" against it. 10/10 USA politics
silver is antibacterial tho
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’ve had one before, it’s really scary
A company this evil can't go tits up
Can a spaghetti reader tell me the SPY support and resistance I’m supposed to be watching out for
I’ll gold this bitch to kingdom come if it does
Metals are dead
futures signaling september 3rd part 2 is coming tomorrow. 

bite the pillow bulls, we're going in dry.
"Business philosophy, English, physical therapy, history" one of these things is not like the others.
Best advice for sure.  If you’re depressed you will make bad trading decisions I know from experience.  You can always Come back when you have the more important things sorted out.
I’m yoloing it all tomorrow. What position should I take
I made this mistake of trying to explain cryptocurrency to my fam. The responses i heard made me vow to keep myself updated with the latest tech so i am never that out of touch with the new reality.
Why?
Do you think he'd close out calls if he was bullish on the outcome of earnings, retard?
may you all eat well tomorrow kings. 

not u bears
does anyone here suffers from panic attacks too ? just had one 30min ago
good luck with your puts
Theyre poorly run have no money and just diluted their stock again, so youre completely right, they will moon.
hey man I've done some really retarded stuff too. It is hard to talk about how I've lost half a year's salary on stupid stuff I did in the first couple months of trading, but i cant avoid a CPA because I don't know how to do these complicated taxes
Shouldn’t be. It will probably be below that tomorrow
If you could have any dick in your mouth, why would it be your dad’s
I'm going to sleep. I can't understand you.
Trick the Algos.
fuck. gunna have to sell my shoes then
addictinggames.com
No peer review, no FDA approval, no tendies
brüther, she knows already
gotta overthrow the targaryen dynasty
NIO $69 by earnings next week. Book it. NIO has retard strength
Tight. *sniffs* TIGHT TIGHT TIGHT
You call this red? I take shits with more blood than this
Ultra rare pride flag forming on the 1 min charts, time to go all in
[deleted]
We can't do that without pumping their stock so...
STFU
Translation: microwave computer goblin goblin dimple butt cheek spider web present window
SE has been a nice one I got into at 100$. The run up might be over but it also might not be over
We don't have Wendy's
Yes it will
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/AggregateFundingRisk don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
psth
How the hell was GUSH worth $80,000 a share at one point? It’s currently at $26.93. That’s honestly mind boggling loss if you had a bunch purchased back in 2015.


I’d honestly just say sell now, there’s no coming back from that sinkhole. Cut it off sooner than later.
I think more than $10 as well
Give us the deets
Priced in, I hope
It’s just selling a call but you also own shares so you can’t be blown up if the price balloons. Basically, you profit in any scenario where the stock goes up, or it goes down by less than the premium you sold. Look it up, plenty of good write ups
I admit i think i am a racist
[deleted]
Now get me one shaped like BBQ sauce.
I like to sell calls against winning plays.
Does that mean you owe Robinhood money?
[deleted]
[removed]
What’s the next meme stock I missed Tesla but got into nio and pltr, so please let me know so I can buy cheap options and become rich in a few years
Every time I see your username I get sad OSU lost to fucking Texas
I think 60c is the highest strike. You have to go to black market for that
Who else checked his twitter lol
[deleted]
damn so much people losing their hair. I'm late 30's no gray hair and long luscious locks

fuck you guys lol. my secret. vitamins, no hats and I smoke weed everyday. there's a reason why black don't crack
Lol that dude said i’m OUT
Futures -.69% again, wouldn’t mind if it stayed here. Also wouldn’t mind if it crashed.
i was hoping more like in the 20-30$ range
No golden shower for you
BABA and JD sold sold more shit on Singles Day than the market cap of Honda, GM, and Ford combined....fucking Insane.
Seriously though, maybe they will forget? Thats what I am hoping happens to my loans.
Trump cronies installed in the pentagon - speculation of preemptive strike on Iranian nuclear facilities by Israel according the McMaster i think
[deleted]
but like more than 10$ or less?
Sarms are for pussies. Tren or ban
It didn’t crash today, who knows. Just buy in small portion at a time. Dollar cost average it.
420%
this DD brought to you by Lil Yachty
That stock is fucking horrific to play options on, get out while you can
Transitions
Chill man. Most of the times, executives have their shares vested in a fixed schedule meaning that their shares were already planned to be sold on specific days.
 I Saw VIX hope out of the vent, vote him out!!!
You get a gold
no
Shhhhh
Definitely more than $5
So your position on this is bearish after the earnings call?
They wont survive this decade
thank you my brothers! i appreciate the support
Look at rich guy over here with 100mil to spend
Means you pay $20 per share (*100) on Friday.  I'd sell your call in the morning and take the profit and then buy shares .... Assuming there's no massive gap up
racist.
Acb will moon tomorrow
The only thing mooning tomorrow is VIX
[removed]
Who knows, but I'm gonna hold like a chump
Yup. im like 40% cash just waiting for something lol
How much u wanna bet there’ll be a white swan instead?
There was. A small window of time where they were worth something
how much would a kings landing style castle cost?

asking for a friend
Baba
[deleted]
Their CEO thinks not
he's supposedly holding a lot more and was just profit taking. looks fucked up though. i got the fuck out of PFE. not gonna do shit until FDA approval later in the month at some point.
Pretty sure her boyfriend already told her.
Yep, these are crazy times. It makes sense. Just very volatile, so not for boomers
standard, pre-planned selling

of course, they decide when the press release goes out...

maybe they bet on a spike to cash in not because the vaccine doesn’t work, but because it won’t be a huge money maker for them
Lol. Their iced coffee is so good though and cheap.
Just drive it around with a cat lmao

What car you got
[deleted]
No acb sucks my ass tonight? 

Ahh shit I’m drunk again. Lost at the casina too
You can get an aftermarket one for under $500 installed
Lmao in b4 sec locks op up
Stick that crayon back up your nose where it belongs!
She knows.
Show her your all time graph. She will understand right away.
Flat by open
I still stand by this, which is why this will be green by open. And my puts r fuk. 


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsfm2o/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_12_2020/gbzwrw6/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Ban the imposter!
It has some good rips during after hours and at market open
Boomer companies that will be eaten by Tesla, like how Apple ate Blackberry alive
Actually i Just saw that i am only down by 0.69% so its not a big deal. Maybe i Will be in profit After earnings!
chances of PLTR dropping like a sack of bricks after ER?
Save some virginity for the rest of us.
[deleted]
Will PFE hit 45???
Oh they already took my money
How?
God I hope people start saying “May the stocks bless you” in real life
Forget next day, I’m feeling like crap like 15 minutes after I’m done eating. Like I came down off a high
I bet you there is another black swan event before COVID is over
Zoom runs to 430 at open then tanks to 365 by 11:30
Probs yeah I dunno bonds are boring. If you're young, even if you want to go the DCA, ETF route, 100% still wins every time (assuming you don't panic sell or try to time the market).

Maybe when I'm retired if I want stability. Maybe. But even then probs not.
Always has been
Many I got for 1-10c a put. I have thousands. This stock is going to pullback hard. I wish the lockup ends in December instead of Feb.
I been seeing those all night at 10 pm. Probbaly went to sleep tbh
I let you into my castle
[deleted]
1- $FUCKYOU, 6/9 420C  

2- $YOUHAVEALITTLEDICK, 6/6 99C
I heard heroin is nice
I’m not too familiar with selling covered calls but your profit is based on strike price, and then what?
How is it fraud if a bank gives you unsecured loan? 
You can pay it off for some time to appear genuine
You don't lose unless you sell... But I don't think that works for leveraged ETFs.
Sounds like otm options
New digital food ordering platorm calling Triangle
Lmao yeah I’ll take your autograph can you sign it as the “Robinhood god”? Go back to clash of clans
This sounds like what Buffet would say. He’s got a retard side
why would the Pfizer CEO and VP sell their shares on Monday? If the vaccine fails now shouldn't they be held liable for a pump & dump?

Did I just get duped by the worlds leading didlo pill manufacturer? 

I am out of work and put almost my entire net worth into boomer stonks & calls this week.

plz tell me it will be okay
Been like that for me since September highs :(
stan druckenmiller was just on cnbc admitting he turned bull on it and owns. paul tudar jones, jack, michael sailer, david swenson, abby johnson etc all advocates.
greyscale shitcoin trust.
CME options and futures for coins, 
banks now view and can hold as asset from ruling.
square (SQ) using as hedge just acquired 50 million. etc etc etc
No, also me
It’s right there in front of you OP, $LUV is all you need.
Will BABA moon tomorrow morning?
LI
No specific news. But they had a severe beating in the last few days cuz of tech rotation. I have some calls for 11/27.
should buy QQQ
he likes big d!cks for sure. so gaay.. sooo bear..
PuTs it is...
why ? you need it to go up more than 7% ?
Eat more roses
Is Vicodin and beer not a good diet
$55 EOY
Anyone else stuck in the position where you need the market to go either really high or really low to make money? Like nothing else will make you money? Or is that just me lmao
Usually I see dozens of BULLS R FUK comments and then check and we're only down like 0.1%. Tonight we've been down between 0.5 and 0.8% and I've hardly heard a peep.
Give him tips and shit

Or train him backwards for laughs
Does gold help?

I’m drunk again. So maybe.
This is the way
[removed]
for real what the fuck dude. guy does more than me and I don't even hit the gym. alpha male douche right here
A boy’s gotta quench that thirst somehow
Wouldnt happen if you drive a Nio
Jesse my boy
Enjoy the losses retards
Where are you from? I’ve never seen the word shares spelled so weird “debit spreads” is that French?
Its all marketing for every semi conductor for a while now. Node size hasn't matched marketing for ages.
Any upcoming news for SQ?
N(I)Ope
[deleted]
[removed]
how do i tell my gf i’m closet WSB
#hear hear
Don't get your hopes up. Range locked forever unless they do something big.
You’re momma don’t make much from console sales
[removed]
OIN
[deleted]
You are suppose to inverse him. $spy 380 c 1/21
I did this with my Robin Hood card but for a polar pop drink lmaoooo
That’s the spirit! We’re gonna be **RICH**
The fight is not against who’s bearish or bullish in the sub. It’s against billionaires, let’s take their money!
fuck i'm so sorry to hear that, what a bunch of bullshit. hopefully stocks bless u tomorrow
No he’s not. He does retarded shit.
Old hag $NIO PT=$1000
BLFS
niu
Not if you sold first ree ree
Dude that’s me what the fuck i thought we were bros
Too vague.  Need tickers.

My stock earnings aren’t much but soon they shall get there. 
I appreciate that, from a hotdoganddonut to an overpricedbagel
The dude just kills the entire vibe in the gym, man.
[deleted]
Because us retards love catching falling knives
$20
My farts smell like shit

Where can I find a new drug to become addicted to
56$ in a year? That would be 100B valuation which seems doable based on other meme stonks. It’s a legit great tech company so it has that going for it too
Lmao. Feel for you. This is happening where I live too.
Did you get to the Range Rover scene yet ?
Why does CRSP have such big spikes at the end of the day so often?
b/c  阿里巴巴火箭飞船母狗
[deleted]
Bulls, you get the glory most of the time. But when you don't, you REALLY get fuk.#bearlife
Nah your balls will just shrivel as your natural testosteron production will go on a halt. Life is unfair brothers.
101%
Bruh fuck off he’s trying
[deleted]
Its good while you are eating it but I feel so bad the next day. Burger King is the worst imo.
The fuck is the matter with you
Get 100 shares and sell a covered call a few months out. IV is high so there’s tons of downside insurance if you sell premium. You might not make the most possible, but can make plenty.
Same
Yo that is a nice thicc thumb
I *never* suggest bans but BAN
Some mthfkr stole the catalytic converter on my car. $3400 to replace it in CA.  F UUUUUUUUUUUUU hope u burn in hell. fukin pandemic and fukin shit thats going on everywhere.. so sick of everything fukin fukin fuk

fffffffffffffffffffffff
Anyone know a good Chinese EV stock to invest in?
[deleted]
Imagine?
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**SecretOperations**, kminder in **1 year** on [**2021-11-12 06:40:43Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2021-11-12 06:40:43Z&reminder_id=971c11ecb7d0436cb427e70ad0fdd62f&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Bear_trap_is_the_worst_trap_no_cap**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsc3e4/bear_trap_is_the_worst_trap_no_cap/gc0oyjm/?context=3)

> kminder 1 year

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202021-11-12T06%3A40%3A43%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjsc3e4%2Fbear_trap_is_the_worst_trap_no_cap%2Fgc0oyjm%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete reminder and comment, Set timezone, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2021-11-12 06:40:43Z&reminder_id=971c11ecb7d0436cb427e70ad0fdd62f&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** We are lean and mean and stay in motion to serve people. If there is any change you want, contact us by email.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
NIO 100c 12/12/2020
I know I’m late to this but season 3 of Westworld is a whole fucking trip
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [**2021-11-12 06:40:43 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-11-12%2006:40:43%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jsc3e4/bear_trap_is_the_worst_trap_no_cap/gc0oyjm/?context=3)

[**8 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjsc3e4%2Fbear_trap_is_the_worst_trap_no_cap%2Fgc0oyjm%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-11-12%2006%3A40%3A43%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jsc3e4)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Tell me your most bullish PT for PLTR
That stock is full-on rigged. 2.2M worth of 11/13 420c came up on the tape round 11:30. Hour later the bitch pumps to a high of 419.75. Wish I’d have taken the hint.
Thanks man got a lot of plans in the future hopefully they all turn out as good as the stock market has for me lol
Any girls in here? Would you ever date a guy weaker than you?

There’s this short, skinny fat, hairy Indian beta that comes to my gym that looks like an loljoke and probably can’t even squat more than some chicks in there. Just lol.
Number of wsb subscribers has just went back up to 1.6 million.  Everytime it hits 1.6 million market (mini) crashes and we quickly go back to 1.5 million.  
That's it that's all I've got.
!remind me 1 year
I listed 2 separate links that lead to factual articles.
Not this one. Some one here created a video where Walt tells his wife about how important he is in WSB way. Here is the link to the original. I am searching for the WSB version of it.

https://youtu.be/jZ_F59jiq-k
$1 billion is 1000 millions
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** i see your 300% gainz, gonna show off my 0.02% yearly gainz before i discovered wsb & robinhood. My balance is now $0.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jspluy
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jspluy) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/i_is_lurking, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
SPDR_Monkey
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I’m sorry to hear that. I had to put my cat down in July of this year because of kidney cancer. One day he was fine, then he slowly started losing weight and I knew I was losing him. I was able to keep it together during his last moments, but it was really rough after that.

I waited 2 months to pick up his ashes, thinking that would help me, but it was only like reopening the wound. Nothing we can do besides talk to others or experience the emotions.

You feel so strongly because you loved him, and I’m sure he knew that. He was lucky to have you. Keep your head up.
Nancy rockin' Louboutin stilettos. NIO $100+
tight stops brother
A bit quieter today. I bet he disappears a little more each day.
Regulations are a necessary evil. Any major government would like to know what their big companies are up to. It happens in the US all the time.
[deleted]
why is it when BABA was mooning for 3 months, it wasn't discussed in this sub, as soon it get red dildos, you can't shut up about it
Where did you hear about this company?
[removed]
Sell some for profit. Keep some to hold.
Congrats man and best of luck. It's gonna be hard to be patient with the leaps but you'll be balling at 21 years old not many can say that! Wat to go man
Are the nio bots **gone?**
Why would they lose 3.7B just to make me lose 2K though
Well if that’s what your saying then your fucking dumb and you should probably read A book sometime you fucking little slut lol seriously where are you even getting your info from “ veganpussylilbitch.org”?
Think around $13
thanks! will call in the morning have a few concerns to bring to their attention.
From your history it’s pretty obvious you just started investing this past yeah and jumped right into options 🤡
Odds NIO calls print until EOW
Ohh gotcha.  Aren’t futures options be less risky than contracts?  Given that you cover your max loss based on risk profile
Good for you with the shares though, good moves.
Doing drugs like the market 

Always getting higher but eventually you crash. Then you get *really* high
Just because they receive the cash it still doesn’t mean they can record it as revenue.
[deleted]
Honestly I’m pretty bullish on the company long term they have plenty of room to grow honestly

Just don’t wanna bite shares and wanna blow my account up with options haha
It’s a cesspool of misinformation
vix calls is de wei
Masa
Doesn't exist yet. Check back tomorrow during normal business hours.
We breaking 30 tomorrow? 😂💎🖐
Imagine imagining
Seems like tech about to bleed tmr 😢
Bill Ackman is such a crying cuck

The Big Gay™

🤡🤡🤡
Shartcon since like a pretty risky approach to capital preservation, no? I figure covered calls, even covered LEAPS if you’re totally risk averse should be good enough .
Is GME a real buy or am I gonna regret it like RKT?
Explain
VIX was lookin kinda sus today
Imo those are too short dated to set and forget.
1-800-522-4700
Maybe cause earnings
sold out on game stop within mins
Cem says no. I would not bet against Cem.
Lmao that’s you
A vaccine for COVID entered Phase 1 testing in early March. You really think that come July, Pfizer was unsure that they could create one? This isn’t AIDS or malaria, a vaccine was feasible early on.

Regarding Moderna, they literally don’t have a medicine on the market to generate R&D funds, unlike Pfizer. Of course they took government money for R&D.
what did u buy at
I was expecting at least one "If Biden was president you wouldn't see highs like these" this week. Who knows the night is still young.
Now this guys speakin my language 🤪
China plague surging seems bullish for tech. NASDAQ green by open
The inverse relationship is basically broken now for some years though, right?
That wasn't today, that was 2 days ago iirc. Which was the news that caused the drop initially this week.
Short term is taxed at your ordinary income tax bracket. Just didn’t know what you meant by screwed since taxes on 20-$250 is marginal.
Alright algos he has sold. Time to moon.
Puts because stock jumped in accordance with vaccine news, which have now died down and the price will drop back down. Calls because Disney will beat earnings with their streaming service revenue. Decide for yourself.
Jeff Bozos is the real life Lex Luthor
Please quarantine for 14 days before you post stupid shit again
Cant wait for a pornhub stock w the ticker PORN 🤣
Haiz i had enought of this market
[deleted]
It isn't if you're in eastern Europe!
PLTR $11 11/20 bagged me 7k FSR $15 11/20 call bagged be like 8k and then BP calls made me the rest but sold all positions for PLTR leaps and shares gonna save up 3k again from my job and yolo it I’m only 18 so I don’t make a shit ton but this play was pretty huge for me also never selling the PLTR, PLTR to the moon forever low and steady ride lol
Covid: Yes. Vote Counting: I don't see how.
I’m sure Americans love the idea of a military / CIA funded data analytics software tracking them
Lmao but look at that 1B ZM short profit

Beautiful
just hold stock and chill
Why do I feel like I need to trade my options one day after buying? Honestl6 I should probably just not look at robinhood till next week 

People always say "take profits!!" But man I don't want to sell my golden ticket for 20% gains and watch it turn into 1000% gains. 

BABA/CRSR/PWR calls 11/20 and 11/27
Looking at Telos IPO they will use money to pay off debt and grow revenue. Their senior debt is at 13% rate, so paying that off should boost bottom line by millions. They have growing revenue & are profitable for the last 9 months. Albeit, some risk to revenue due to contracts, but cybersecurity industry set to double over the next decade.
https://twitter.com/WarrenBuffett/status/384483424364294144?s=20
Futes red 
Dxy up
Vix up

Tomorrow will be fun
TQQQ even sexierer
Go back to robinhood
I’ve dabbled in it on a few occasions starting at about $200. LEAPS, shares, covered calls. Right now my cost basis $282, but that doesn’t factor in banked profits off of calls or earlier holding.
Ya i just started it, legit 1000 pages of info. Its going to take a while
[deleted]
Im so sorry for your loss. My 8mo old Shih tzu choked on a bully stick he swallowed last night. I couldnt handle it. I broke down so fast. He is okay. 

I dread the day when the inevitable happens. 

Im soo sorry for your loss and what you are going through.
420 AND 666? 

zoom is going places. All in.
\#bears
snape kills dumbledore
When it’s 80% of the total outstanding shares it can very well mean that.
Mods
Positions or ban. Ticker, Strike expiry.
Everyone seems pretty positive at r/wendys so we go up from here
Preservation not betting. Personally my nest is and will be more into shitcoin. You can earn interest on staking your coins.. 
nexo.io is one of the more popular
Bearish: Election mystery
Nasdaq gonna go green by open tho right?
Should be happening very soon. I’m holding 22.5c 11/20. Good luck
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
0DTE or no balls
Wtf are you talking about bruh
Does SPY have an 800 number for customer service issues?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** 3 weeks sober vs 1 week drunk.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jspla5
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jspla5) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/austinbar1, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
guillermogutierrez
OverpricedBagel
Same. Still time to get in though IMO. Should see 450 very soon
CARLOOOOOOOS CARIBBEAN COOOOOOL JUNK BONDS
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
NIO only offers up to 65 for me too (etrade)
I’m not spreading any anti-America bullshit you idiot, an American idiot.
By the looks of it, basically everyone
Buy Junk Bonds
$768
Sure I'll sell it to ya
This too shall pass
Im hoping people finally realize it wont take over China and fucking dump it at least a little bit.
Cause there’s tons of gains to come!
fuck retiring at 65 I'd rather die tomorrow
NIO Dec 100C?
IV 241%
Any one here has link to Breaking Bad WSB version created by a fellow WSBer.
2000 wet sand
Omega
[deleted]
He could be 12 year old trans for all we know.
No shit
Intcel
You’re misinterpreting it’s actually 
ZM69P 11/13
Step 3 is 'Profit'
Guys just go to bed. It's ok. Euro markets don't matter.
[deleted]
This really seems like a bad deal for the investors and I'm surprised anyone does it.
Bonds and other safe forms of investing are for cowards. Lose your money on stupid puts and calls with honor and dignity.
Dang son you are off to an amazing start - that $15k definitely explains it. I thought you were hoping that a couple leaps would blow up or something. 

Hats off to you, way better than my performance so far. Wish I could be in your shoes at 18! 

What got you to the 20k?
Obviously $1200 stimulus + $666 - $9.40 in chicken tendies with that cool debit card.
Hey I like money
The idea is that when stocks go down, bonds go up. This means that you have some cash to buy the dip.

But yes, pretty pointless. Better off just being balls deep all the time.
Might have to wait until cash to break the bottom.
Nooooo
Hey guys, I just got back from r/Coronavirus and holy FUCK that place is bearish
Stay at home stocks will rise tomorrow.
Retards in this sub buying hand over fist
TIL it's legal to sell kidneys in India *takes notes*
I was just trolling.. psst just dm me the invite 😉
What will your market bear?
No my side hustle has nothing to do with this shit. I made these gains from downing vodka and trading amc.
Will tip for stonks!
[removed]
Long term gains vs short term gains are taxed at different percentages from what I’ve seen?
What a terrible idea. Seriously, just when you thought it couldn't get worse than a 31k loan to put into stocks and options, someone advises a 500k loan.

The spread between average stock market returns and 5% is definitely not worth the risk, especially as taking a loan that size means you can get margin called, forcing you to sell low.
Ok can we sector rotate from nio back to TSLA now pls
Build up to that 420 grit
Follow the sign ----> James Bonds actor dies aged 90 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/10/31/movies/sean-connery-dead.amp.html
Sold 11/13's, those are ded. Sold some 11/20's, those are probably ded. December? Might get assigned, won't be sad.
?? 275 shares is nutty.. what’s your average or something
12/18 $25, waiting for NY to lock down and then it’s tendie time
Do we excite about smol futures now?
Yee. My TA of moderna tells me it’s gonna moon tmrw. Let’s see if it makes me a millionaire lol
[deleted]
What is this shit? Show your losses
I have a nest egg. I still don’t know why I would bother when covered calls on SPY yield so much
I just use twitter for the whores I follow and 4chan for news
I just put some political information together that I think is going to make me rich. I'd share it here but I know plays get fuk if too many WSB users are into it. HINT: always bet on human corruption and greed. See whose friends with who and who has skin in the game if x.
O I understand I’m fucked rn tho
Lol you call .5% a good amount? That’s normal for futures...
lmfaooo retard thinks $19,000 is alot in loans
Today I bought 40 puts 11/13 $22
SPY is one tweet away from you know who to collapse.
Grown ass man complaining about scifi spoilers. Smh
Let’s go downsies then
Bonds are useful once you're retired. Wouldnt suggest them for anyone under 65 though
i was **THIS** fucking close to buying ZM 11/27 420C when it closed at its daily low of $376 yesterday.

THIS close.

would have been stacking mad racks right now.
The answer to if you should buy Pinterest is the same as the answer to do you use pinterest
Yikes, i only replied thinking u werent some anti gme shill
i hope so
Mmhmm
No kidding. I actually believed the second half was real until I took a double take
WOW YOU LOOK AO SEXY LISA
I have 275 shares and sold two covered calls. I would think about buying back my 285c
What grit sand paper do y’all recommend for your brains? Gotta keep it silky smooth
Veteran's Day memorial. Surprised he didnt wear his Dictator uniform with a metric crap ton of Ebay Medals.
We chugged the delsym and then had a pregame and parties to attend (was going to Arizona State at the time)

Was wild not being able to sleep tweaking
That’s balding
Yes I was as naive as you at one point. But I sought after the scripture and now I’ve been cleansed. Porn is immoral, no nut November for the win. 
Reclaim yourself this month
Nice! What’s your strike and PT?
YES! If you are right beer on me
Everyone is dead except theta gang
See my previous comments in this thread and you will understand why your case isn’t mine ;)
if you have 300,000 nest egg than do the math per year
i fucking hate twitter

no matter what I do i cant avoid mandalorian spoilers

these people should be fucking thrown in prison for this shit
Bonds are dumb af. Just buy dividend paying bluechips like KO, etc.
But assuming NASDAQ will continue to have a generally upward trend (of course nothing like this year's crazy shit) for the next few years, wouldn't it be worth holding? Looking at various leveraged ETFs over the past 5-10 years, they have all done very well with their underlying indexes having an upward trend
Yeah I remember that last time it was closed. 

Didn't markets dump the next day?
I feel the opposite like every one expects it to take off so obviously it must sit at $21 until everyone forgets about it.
Yea. That argument worked for the majority of the epidemic. But we have completely doubled the 7 day average daily cases in less than 4 weeks with no meaningful increase in testing. Positivity rates through the roof. Give it another month to get colder with no preventative response. 

Could be worse than current optimistic projections. I’m thinking some overleveraged midcaps and meme stocks could fold. Small cap insurance companies etc. 

For example: Boomers dying early, at work, etc with healthy life policies both personal and employer provided could be a death choke on liquidity.
EWS. Any respectable business will be moving to Singapore for Asian HQs
He’s been ranting on Twitter and firing pentagon brass.
What a schizo comment
They can write tickets whether you agree or not
Daily reminder: Rug pull tomorrow.
Do you own a pocket protector
Positions if so?
I don't see any bears in here even though we're down a good amount. Are they all dead?
Are bonds something I should be trading or investing in? Like are there calls on bonds? Honestly I have no idea what people do with bonds, and can’t figure why you would even bother intentionally buying something with a 1% yield.
genuine answer. no.
They got $44million in advance the day they were awarded the contract. This money were not projected in their Q3 earnings and should come as surplus.
1 Bezillion dollars?
Oh shit your sober so... This is kinda awkward now don't look at my gains plz
Pornfolio
We are the ciscucks
Totally fucked
Just heard about the bullshit in Hong Kong. What's the play on this?
What’s Mango even been doing the last week?  Has he even walked outside?
Just let nature run its course. Bald is actually a good look unless your built like a sausage
Just got the text : GME is partnering with A Chinese EV Company to relaunch NIO GEO
Test it again
Better than +.5 like yesterday
The value of the company does not reflect the value of their investments. Why wasn’t the company’s value sky high from his bearish position back in March otherwise. The stock value of a company is a speculative value based on future earnings. If you’re still trying to figure that out you shouldn’t be trading stock. Pull up their financials.
Half my options account went into dec calls today
You have good points but did the market ever really care about case numbers?  I'm just gonna pretend like everything is fine. The market doesn't make much sense anyways

>With vaccine coming rotation out of tech

could you further elaborate that please?
[deleted]
That's use name tells me you're used to disappointment
Inversing wsb meme stocks beats holding spy stonks everytime.
Bitch it's the percent shit that matters if I had a million dollars I would have made like 1.1 million.... At this rate I'm gonna be a billionaire in a couple years...
Shut up
Yo Rick Santelli. Idc
Got spy puts an fuk ? I never trust -0.5 futures at 1 am
Genuine question could PLTR help solve covid for governments through better data and contract tracing and 2. Could it help settle the vote counting through better data. I’m trying to figure out why it’s spiking
Because call holders like confirmation bias. \*upvoted\*
Anyone follow SLGG - Super League? E-gaming stocks that’s trading around $2. Saw they reported today
I'm all in!
Kangaroo market will continue. Value trade driving this market - becomes overvalued? Sell off. Undervalued? Buy buy buy
First rule of Secret Sub...
Zoom $420, meme call time
[deleted]
fucking crazy
Sounds high.
Stonks is not the only thing going up, thx to pornhub.
i know right 👍 i am a genius
Oh well, bigger discounts then.  I’m cool either way.
Most reasonable take I’ve seen in here in a hot minute
[deleted]
Damn those UVXY 11/20 14c were looking juicy too
he bought a ton of Google calls in March near the bottom as well as the GME investment. I have no proof that he is doing well, but based on the previous, I think it's a safe assumption
I too would like to drop my pants and get blasted in the ass.
Do you know how much money the global bond market consists of?  Which the US is the main issuer of?
Better to spend the money on lap dances.
Thanks!
ZM bounced right off the daily RSI 30. Now w/ covid back in the daily market headlines, $500 seems imminent
No doubt. The $420 price was a meme and a joke before it even split 5 to 1.
Need more NIO in my life. $100++
I don’t understanf the drinks part u don’t just drink it out the bottle
I hope this is the case. I’m trynna catch an amzn day
About 69
but WHY
LOL what do you mean screw you? All sales at a profit are taxed
Shorts got that stock by the balls. Every and any pump gets slapped down. Of course then you've also got 100 million people waiting to sell to break even every ten cents all the way back to $32.
Always take profit.
It aint that bad dude just wear a hat
I feel like we haven’t had a good news worthy event now in oh...7 days.
Can I get invited to the secret sub now?
No
bi-weeklies are the new monthlies

i fucks with it.  godspeed
Ækspört.
Market seems to be balancing between COVID going crazy and vaccine. Remove one we shoot in opposite directio. I think COVID wins out short term and we’re due to drop some. Even tech briefly.  I’m as bull as they come I think it would be a brief fall. We’re going to 400 soon but probably not until Biden gets into place with stimulus.
Goodness still salty about Tesla!
So am I gonna b rich or is my life still gonna suck
I sold some AAPL calls today. Thank you market very cool. Don't move while I sleep please.
[deleted]
Do people actually buy bonds when interest rates are so low? I’m skeptical of all of this, like if bond markets even actually closed
JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP AND STOP THINKING ABOUT IT. JUST DO
McDonald’s is actually cancer, I can put money that within 15 years we really find out how toxic that food is to our body at a cellular level. 

I’ll still eat their spicy mcchicken its bomb
0DTE TQQQ Friday can’t wait
Only 1 season and a the feature length was weak :( kinda sad
Apparently PLTR  software is like when professor x plugs into cerebral. You can see it all
Some of the fastest internet in the world but cant be bothered to update their plumbing
Probably, this would be the nth time I'm wrong; so not surprising.  
I look forward to your gain post.
\-in or -out
So the NIO rumors are true?!!?
Sir wsb belongs to the world 🌎
No, this is September 15 and 16th again lol.
What are QQQ and SQQQ
damn it, we're fucked
check your ferritin, vitamin D and TSH levels.
Position or bean
Now NIO please
Did you get more rides at Uber?
Futes lol
Weirdo like Bill Gates, Zucc, Spiegel, Ma, & Branson

&#x200B;

= Billionaires. Buying calls.
In asian countries there is more diversity in vegetarian diet and dishes then there is for the entirety of the western world's cuisine. Asians wouldn't eat this trash  and being from a country that is majority vegetarian this type of trend of processed garbage under the guise of healthy plant based "meat" is straight up an insult to humanity.
*OmG tHe BoNd MaRkEt*
Saganaki
Yogurt
Can’t believe I took profits today 😅
this is the kind of quality DD I come here for
Worth it to still buy?
Yes because they’re nov 20, weeklies would have me spooked
No joke I’d buy a NIO when they go on sale here jan 21
Another dip in tech tomorrow just for another +2% Friday, easy mode back on.
NIO needed to compete with Musk as a spokesperson for their brand so then hired Keanu Reeves but he’s in character as NEO from the Matrix
Still holding a swing call
Theyre announcing their earnings like 6 weeks after their listing which is extremely bullish. Thats why it’s run up 60%. I think this shit is priced in and im out of a lot of my calls, this is prime for a dump/iv crush post earnings which will give a nice chance to reload and resume 🚀🚀🚀🚀
crazy to think that ppl would go absolutely balls deep on TSLA at $350 & mortgage their house when during the summer that price was a fuckin meme that ppl were making fun of for being so high. And before that TSLA $200 was a meme that many thought wouldn't happen.

we're either in the biggest bubble of all time or market participants are non-ironic retards who don't know how to price a stock
Buy shares and sell puts I dunno man you do you
Proof Deez nuts 👌👌👌
Just in case you guys missed it.  
The bond market was closed today.  
Last day it was closed and the stock market was open was October 12.  
The top of the 2nd SPY top.
Have they performed any of the services in the contract? You said the contract is completed 9/28/22. For GAAP purposes they’ll probably be reporting that income as services are performed.. so they shouldn’t be recognizing most of that contract yet
Why are upvotes on this 🤡
Well I’m investing 15k in leaps and 5k in shares if it hits $50-60 dollars by 2023 I have ran the numbers it’s about 100k way better than risking it on weeklys since I’m 18 and just turned 3k into 20k this week gotta play safe now
[deleted]
Bullish: Vaxx

Bearish: Months Away, Numbers rising

Bullish: Stay at home = more retail pumping this market

Bearish: Losing money on puts
Get a loan from Lending Club to consolidate debt
Leap it and buy a Tesla truck in 2023.

Only question is whether to buy tomorrow or Friday after earnings...
Green when euro opens
are you holding through earnings? I'm PDT restricted rn and I don't really feel like opening a fuck ton of spreads tomorrow buuuuuut it could work...
Diogenes
I bought like 20 at avg cost of 4.33 or sometbing and sold it at $17 bc I found this sub and wasted it all on options
LOOK AT IT DROP 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

BASK IN IT BITCHES
#NUT
Lol absolute blood bath. Drop another -1% so my puts will be ITM.
I'm make 10% taking a shit
[deleted]
Can you not call me out like that thanks
I’ve tested that myth vs western born dragon births. Underperformers mostly. That myth is perpetuated lie.
Kodak is going to co-manufacture it
The obnoxious ones are. Anyone that’s done it for over a year usually that bad.
Just keep rolling these bad boys over by 2450 you’ll be a fucking millionaire
Anyone holding NLS calls?
I only buy dips and very rarely rips. I think it’s a hole in my trading game
Uh oh, GS says the top isn't in yet. Looks like the top is in.

https://www.forexlive.com/news/!/goldman-sachs-says-that-the-top-is-not-in-yet-for-the-sp-500-this-year-20201111
Bruh I think this comment just made me sell tomorrow
Sounds good, puts it is then
Thank you for you donation
Boring af
i love the butchers, at least it seems like a cool job if you get to interact/feed peoples
Proof
MARK IT DUDE
The last time we had shit volume that low on SPY like that was late October and late October was not fun
100k minimum? What's your strike and how many do you have? 

Definitely not a bad security to be sitting on but I'm curious where you got 100k minimum or what your expectations are
if u have an extra 10 bucks lying around buy 1 spy contract  FD otm on friday. best of luck
$900...?
I'm jacked to the tits with tsla 410p 11/13.   This is it boys,  I can feel it.
Best dd tonight so far.
That’s the only way I would consider it
Sell for the exact reasons you provided. They are correct.
Crab is delicious
If death hits 3k which surpass the April ATH, it might get ugly. Infection numbers don't mean much with so many testing being conducted everyday. With a death ratio like COVID, back in Mar and Apr real infection number should be even higher than what we are seeing right now. 

Ameritards are cold blood tendy zombies, nobody cares anymore especially when you are making crazy gains while a "small" portions of the people are suffering. I love it.
Wendy’s spicy nuggets
[deleted]
*sigh*

Simpler times
no i trade regular equity options but not futures options
I’ll be buying the dip tomorrow
Ban
I remember when Robinhood gave it to me for free at like $5 those were the days
oh you've seen his package too?
Shrek is love ❤️ shrek is life
Queen Victoria
All we have here are the D's
[deleted]
but the group thinks its good. don't you agree with the group? it's the group dude. educated people.
It has big dick energy
[removed]
Katia Zygouli
😬
All in $FAP
I looked at NIO like 6 months ago. Why the fuck did I not buy? Could be rich
No, it’s a natural way for the body to deal with it
Can I offer you an egg in these trying times?
lol
smart
Those fools on 9/11, I bet a single one of them in the twin towers didn't buy puts. They were probably too busy looking for exits. If it were me, id be buying puts with margin, then looking for rapid loans to buy more puts. before the towers collapsed, id have my own private Jet I just purchased picking me up from the top.
I get what you’re saying tho. Something can give you an edge without making you a millionaire
Co-sign (rogaine)
[removed]
How did they know I have feet! How thoughtful!
Little Caesars
Priced in
I fomo’d PLTR today after selling at open DO IT
Planter is cranking
Prior coding experience will help and the language is easy to learn. But not 3 days.
Start taking vitamins if you don't already religiously - get a anti thinning shampoo - decide of Rogaine is right for you


Alternatively if you've got a decent sex drive you should do DHT Blockers (only real effective solution)


Remember the sooner you work on this the better
NIO Mooning. $100+ EOW
[deleted]
i'm in love with the coco. i got it for the lowlow.
I remember shorting PLUG at $6 wtf is it doing in the 20s???
What's the going rate?


Asking for a friend...
Jennifer Aniston
Get rich or die trying. While the boomers have a hold on housing, best thing to do with 70k are YOLOs or hookers.
I can feel it in my plums boys.   QQQ -3% tomorrow with investors rotating from TSLA to NIO

CHOO CHOO AUTISTS
[deleted]
$6000 into Palantir shares long term or call leaps for 2023! What will bring me the most tendies
yeah but what's the mean?
Ban
Ima be givin her dat smooth brain
Why? NIO has been some of the easiest money I’ve ever made. For over the last week, buy during morning dip, print all day and sell. Repeat. Got burned once and that was nothing for my gains.

Just make money and shut the fuck up.
They dont give blowjobs anymore on the way to Bangkok
whats your favorite greek?
You’ve traded with futures contracts so understanding options probably come easier once you look into it.  Really easy to fuck up on options contracts also
Anyone buying $baba calls tomorrow even if it’s red or the market is red?
Covid 2: Biden’s Boogaloo
Worse than not being here, it’s been ignored. I tried my best to get people in on MLHR, but nobody was interested. I made loads🪑
Her tits are 35
Let the kids post about their losses you fucking narc bitch bot.
I guess I’m just saying if it consistently gave you an edge you’d be spending your time doing it rather than teaching people about it. It’s like the dude who wrote a book on how renting is better than owning a home and this dude owned his home. Look at people’s actual results rather than what they preach is all I’m saying
name a more iconic duo
TSLA gonna open at 385 tomorrow and make me filthy fucking rich.
Well when they start dropping buy backs prepare to get assigned
I hope all your plays print tomorrow my friends
Does a wet dream ruin my no nut November even though it wasn’t touched?
Imagine if she was good at it too? *NUT*
对
ban
Why stop there? A couple more times and he owns the planet. Why not take that gamble??
BAN
I feel like that’s not even legally possible but I am not a lawyer just a simple man
*how to buy calls
[deleted]
[removed]
Why at this time is there always selling on silver and buying on tech.
what a mess
😂
[deleted]
i'll probably feel even worse cuz i'll have less money tbh
[deleted]
Chutt Beeks
Astrology for men
Try the NKLA approach write it on a piece of paper and share it on your socials.
it's gonna take strength not to FOMO into NIO or PLTR weeklies tomorrow, i sold way too early and now i want back in.  *sigh*
Minoxidil and finasteride work....kinda
don’t worry you’re still on the spectrum
Yeah, I can see hydrogen fuel coming from behind and taking everyone by surprise.
Lol new administration wants to lock us down for 6 weeks? No way I am agreeing to that.
Reverse split
Mi lon Tua sk
When I visualize theta gang I visualize accountants
Time for hair implants
Simp af bruh
😑
Theta killed my 11/27 calls today. Their was a moment where baba went up $2.50 and my calls went from 3.30 to 2.80
[deleted]
Do both so you can win either way
im sayin the red
Oh my - try some lube ouch
so stick it up your ass and sleep tight
Ban
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/longliveniko don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
In'shallah
Give me some then 😩 Maybe the generosity and charity work will feel better LMAO
AmeNIO brother. btw sharing is caring. I used to dj 7-8 yrs ago best fucking time of my life.
fucking fingers crossed I really hope so
Don’t you put that evil on me Ricky bobby
Tree Nuts. NASDAQ. Orange Juice. OP, we can tell you are healthy, wealthy and wise.
check out finasteride and minoxodil. shit saved my life
... I don't think our things are gonna print if shit stays around a horizontal line man
Fuck off you dirty taxi driver. Your comment has the same impact of dudes saying NIO. 

BAN.
Another name for semen
Not exaggerating when I tell you I drank 33 drinks within like 6 hours maybe he had 35. Idk what the fuck it does to your liver. Incredible
What is jd at?
JD RIpping wow
McDonald's grilled chicken mcwrap at 250 calories is both a dollar and pound bargain
❤️
Worth remembering server guys don't jump ship to the better thing too easily. Switching introduces risk. You watch Moore's Law Is Dead on YT? He had a great podcast with a server engineer the other week about this.
Y’all let me know when y’all are ready to buy more RKT calls. I’ll keep selling em - these last ones sure aren’t getting assigned.
I heard there were day trading courses here?
TSLA been up and down past 400 ten times since Aug... why not write puts when above and calls when below the whole time?  Free money.  All this talk is cheap af compared to the reality.
You ever see “chart masters” segments on CNBC. It’s literally : “stonk went up today past this arbitrary level should keep rising but it might not lol” it’s wild these people get on tv doing this stuff dude
Where you seeing a drill?
That is retarded logic lol. It gives you an edge, nothing is guaranteed in the market
Only “Hello” which is “Ni Hao” or “Ni Ao” or “Ni O”. See what I did there? You’re welcome.
Did you forget where you are
red at night, bulls delight
me2 lets have hope
when\*
Is what u get for being a 🌈🐻
[deleted]
Buy a wig from hair by mhe. Curtis is great
But tesla makes products I've actually seen
*The CEO sold 62% of his shares for any one reading that doesn’t know* LMAO
doesn't mean you can enjoy the ride along the way and milk the cow
Nah but I'm starting to get some receding hairline going on and it's brutal
i mean it really shouldnt happen at all lol
B O G G E D
Gonna wake up to a big green shrek dick in my bear ass. Fuk
Still betting on $28 this week?
BREAKING:

DAN GILBERTS SON HAS SKETCHED A CHINESE ELECTRIC VEHICLE WITH CRAYON.  RKT TRANSITIONING FROM MORTGAGE COMPANY TO ELECTRIC VEHICLES

PRICE TARGET $500 EOY
Same. Holding 'till Q1 at least.
 阿里巴巴火箭飞船母狗  🤞
how is anyone not taking gains in fucking tesla
I bought puts but only because some degenerate retard told me to, use this information only to the best of ur ability
Don’t you come on here spreading this satanic filth. Come down to our factory and I’ll show you myself, we are a good, wholesome American company. We value family, loyalty, and above all else, an appetite for cocaine and hookers. Now how’s that sound champ? Want to buy some NIO yet?
I wanna eat a girls coochi while she takes control of my stock portfolio
But you said we are all gay
I saw chick at Kroger the other day with her whole ass cheeks out the shorts were so short. Then I looked up realized she had to be in high school. Threw me off for sure.
Saying is like calling sats tulips.
I believe in you
doesn't feel that great tbh
No waiting for they to get 100% cure pill.
Some of us are enjoying ourselves here while you're spending your time shitting on strangers on the internet

You weird homie. Stop it get some help
Bullish af. Night NIO cucks, hope NIO tanks while rest of market is up bigLY
I’m long on Chinese companies developing and manufacturing Fuckable Robots®

DD:
- Men outnumber women by 40 million in China thanks to the One Child Policy
- Men like to fuck
- There aren’t enough women
- A robot you can fuck solves this problem
*Bonus points if it can cook and clean also

- FIN - 

$AMBA $BostonDynamics $FleshLight
anyone else balding
Preach
Just start with $10,000,000 and you’re set
Honest question.......has anyone ever watched cuties waiting for pre market to open?
It's all the fiber
I feel like everyone would think the shareholder meeting would be lit but in reality it would probably be a sausage party
Hulk green pump at open and immediately crash
Find Jesus. He’s the way, the truth and the light. 
God bless brother
I will have a $1,000,000 portfolio someday. Speaking it into existence
Except the supercomputers in David Simons basement.
this fake drill is so gay. it's just gonna go green in the morning.
They’re not going to work anymore 😆
[deleted]
On one hand, the mouse will fuck you up if you try to short him. On the other, Disney will probably smash earnings but tank 5% anyways
ban
PFE announcements Monday and were here 2 days later buying tech. Vaccine announcement doesn’t mean covid is gone any time in the next few months
I could not possibly give less of a shit how turned on you are
Gayest post ever.
I sold all my shit Monday morning. So pleased that I have no bags left to hold
Vegans are shitty people
Limit *back*
[deleted]
You’re home son
Euro euro europoooooors are back
It's baking soda. So fresh and clean!
Lol covid is gay.
Tldr
You don’t think ceo might be on that list for the wrong reason?
Not their CEO lol
"I've lost so much, that I have tax credit for the next decade!"
Red SPY, green QQQ would be fine by me. But include RKT in QQQ
Fuckin A. Talk about being in the right place at the right time. I would have my puts bought before the emergency services showed up
Oh okay then.  Thank you for telling us.
How far indoctrinated are you guys?
Ah, good tip. I thought the stop limit could only sell at a higher price than the one that triggers the algorithm. I guess I'll set my stop losses this way from now on.
How is anyone putting a dime into NIKOLA???? Its Theranos 2.0, how much more obvious does it get?????????????
Have you heard of PLTR?
Wait, it’s all tech again?

Always was.
I have 2022 nio puts in case it turns out to be the luckin coffee of EVs
Wendy’s also sells Beyond meat
I work a full time job in the design field, am studying for grad school, and I'm a pilot. I'm depositing $1,500 every month into my investments and while the fee will bite into that, I would rather have a professional watch over and manage it. I'm not capable of analyzing every market action, sector, risk etc.. and can only micromanage my portfolio so much with everything else I have going on. At a certain point with how much I am putting back into my portfolio the risk is no longer me missing something and have set back of say $4k, but a large financial blow with $10k+.

The other key thing is lost time. Sure if I lost $10k it would hurt, but the biggest pain would be the lost growth time/potential while rebuilding that $10k. Paying the small % fee to help alleviate that risk while still growing the fund is vital to me. Who cares if my portfolio grows slower. I want my risk reduced and long term financial future more secure with a professional who can focus on that for me.
[deleted]
Bruh. Leaps will print no matter what on nio. If it dips after earnings, you just buy another one to cost average.
well who sleeps with tendiez?
You can measure a man by the size of the issues that bother him.
[deleted]
Let’s hope. I just need APHA to get to $20 so I can get back to my 2018 glory.
Anyone playing pfizer?
Nah dead cat bounce.
[deleted]
Yes it is all or nothing because if it worked predictably and reliably you would be able to become a millionaire by using it
Yeah 😬
[deleted]
Mom dad..... I’m addicted
You would buy puts on everything because if 🥭 is correct then those would be recorded as covid deaths
[deleted]
It has magic powers
Delta 8 THC making headlines
Shanghai composite market has lunch break that is fkn sick
Fk Jack ma, baba barely moving in Asia while you have jd rocketing to the moon😰
Wut do you think of NIO and SPY puts?
Looking at where?
[deleted]
Nio Yahoo finance forum legend
He probably realized that making a viral video about stock betting wouldnt be very entertaining
If you watch porn shame on you. Get some help it’s really not good for you
If we listened to standard financial advice, we'd never YOLO and we'd never get rich. Fuck magic crayons
Herb
Fundamental analysis is for virgins
Right it’s all or nothing. TA is dogshit or it should guarantee you’re a millionaire
Exactly
Holstein beef is pretty tasty.
either gonna enjoy a fat joint or be in the joint after a bender
Loaded CCL puts Monday but I do feel bad for the boomers who thought they’d struck a gold mine by buying travel stock after vaccine announcement
 Musk Will distroyed you for saying that.
I wish I went short IWM
Instead of spy today seemed like a better play
Try a steak then get back to me
Yes
Something about a Mouse
Name does not check out
Same hahahaha
Nope. Losing hella money now.
It's not boring when you can do it quickly.

EPS, Revenue, Assets, Debts, Equity, Cash Flow

Done
Agreed
You fuckers are lame. Just stay on here all night hours on end repeating the same ticker. Lol get a life
just base /MES contracts. no options. dont really understand them yet and the spreads are terrible. i paper traded for a few months before going live. really easy to fuck up with some emotional trades but when you catch a big move it’s nice. leverage with no IV or theta
Can I be average?
[deleted]
I’m already in as of today. But earnings is on 11/30 lol...
[removed]
TIL Mark Zuckerberg uses FB.
7B isn’t enough for Stripe.
You already know bruh
DKNG earnings puts or calls??
I don’t think they give a single fuck about cows. If you can have fake meat that actually tastes like meat and not cardboard that’s insane levels of cost savings (rearing cattle is expensive).
Where’s all the good DD at these days? Anybody know anything about Agora (API)? Worth a play with earnings on Monday?
[deleted]
Good point!
This is what I come here for
Fuck that pussy ass shit. I only eat steak, rare mother fucker. Then I cap it with some scotch and a joint. Every fucking night before I tuck the kids in. Then I go raw dog the shit out of your girlfriend while you come on here spreading your anti American bullshit. Fuck India. We got chick fil mother fucker. I eat what I want
Why lol
True. After all, lottery winners dont rely on TA
Disney earnings puts or calls??
This market is fake as fuck but TA will always be faker.
That goes for anyone that tries to teach about the stock market. Please don’t give in guys
🤝🏽 Amen 🙏
Ohio is the greatest state in the country if you want to make money. It’s too easy here
Those leveraged funds have a built in rot. They decay every day. You should get out now.
So YOLO on NIO calls? Got it
Over valued skank beautiful, sure.
With modern technology you can do both at the same time.
NAH Big PP 🚀
Popular opinion.  Fundamental Analysis is boring, gut feeling FTW
Lots of people are talking/complaining about GME bundles.  Those bundles are genius because you are using the limited consoles to drive incremental sales of additional higher margin items.  That my friend drives the stock price higher.
I remember PNB clothes.. high school was a confusing time.
.... Buy, sell, buy, sell, start!
There’s so much pessimism surrounding RKT that a 100%+ change in revenue YoY isn’t enough to skyrocket the stock.
Priced in
Weed looks like its coming back.
Mods can they get a separate thread exclusively for NIO shit posting?
Ban
This is the first console gen ever where there's like ....nothing to play at launch. PS5 exclusives are just remakes or glorified DLC, and Xbox has literally *nothing at all*
Yes when tanks
Ah, a man with class
“Massages”
You couldn’t afford my edits. Also, sometimes obvious shit is the play. Do your own DD. I’m not here to make you money.
Make sure you identify if it's Boeing or Airbus first as well.
是
Respectfully, you sound like a bitch

SPY 350p 11/13
NIO is literal trash
Gme consoles sold out
Title is a massive turn off
Exactly right! But I do think a lot of traders and algos still use TA
A light brown, mid-20s, thin, bearded man. Essentially a Pakistani Lyft driver.
order uber eats and scalp some nio during the day to make it back
yes
Tell me why NVDA calls is not free money for earnings
you asked for help here? dear god..
I had like 18 in cash just sitting there sooo
Man I really miss your mother too.
Some cows are bred strictly for beef production such as Angus and Hereford - dairy cows are almost exclusively Jerseys or Holsteins. 

Took Animal Sciences at Oregon State. Go Beavs
Translation: NIO 🌝
Amazon should do a stock split already did they not see what it did for Tesla and Apple
puts on uber
Even after reading NIO I still wasn’t 100% sure
So tmw tech will be up 2% again?
Sick dd nice man
I bet I make more than you on this basket of trades
And yes I’m cocky because I got into PLTR at 9$
What if I told you retards are buying into it and retards also think it’s fun to buy at “the weed number”. The 666 though is a bit spooky
Can’t wait for the nio hobo army this sub created. Y’all should build a house out of ur fake trendies LMAO
You mean all the holiday cycles when it was a healthy company before becoming a bankrupting meme stock? I love GME. But it’s lookin troublesome.
OH YEAH, XI, MA AND WILLIAM LI HAD A THREESOME. NIO 100C 11/17 ASAP
I bet the person who sold you that feels really lucky
JD too🚀
[deleted]
Fucking covid not letting me use my benefits at work. Pisses me off. Was gonna get massages and shit.
Gme website is probably your best bet
This place is way to bearish for -.5% with 8 hours to open.
Yup, but we can’t say the f word on this site...
what whend u open those spy ones?
I saw a plane fly over today and I thought to myself if that plane crashed into the ground right now killing hundreds onboard would I call 911 or buy puts on the airline.   Plenty of other people would call 911 right?
Red tmro and fri or green tmro red fri?
Sir this is an America
Good singles day results from BABA... we mooning tomorrow? I’ll take a small PP rocket as well
我將擁有您的整個經濟
Interesting, would you say that we live in a society?
Vxx calls. Expiring every Friday @ current levels till Dec
I think he is trying to make sure DT stays in America, wouldn't want him tainting the good whores of Russia now would we?
What did you trade?  Curious about debit spreads.  I’m gonna paper account this for now because looks like there’s a clearer moving avg pattern than SPY. Maybe because it’s on a continuous basis
[deleted]
Tesla used to be a meme stock too remember
[deleted]
TT - trane technologies
Watched a video on candlestick reading last night, just found a triple engulfing little nio dick on the spy 1min. Don’t blink, or we will stay red
Pray that my option orders get filled before your dumb ass writes naked calls to go 100k in the hole when you're assigned.
Lmfao there’s an award that is literally just a pile of cocaine? Sacrilegious
Nice dude, that’s a massive step up if you can make it sustainable
Sir this is a Wendy’s
puts then
Today was uptick rule but tomorrow bears can short the fuck out of it again be safe mane
Whoever is shorting tech is a retard. The rest on the other hand...
I’m going to buy some coke and dj equipment with the sweet tendies NIO is going to bless me with. Only other stock even worth a damn is that ticker for the bitch bikes.
Selling at 3:30pm the day of earnings was a legit move. Went up 25% in a half hour and then came down to ~10% above where it opened that day. I exited with an 8% gain
Nah I mean selling PUTs. I was still slightly bullish, just not confident. Even though it dropped 2.5% i profited 50% from IV crush.
🐻 👑 fauci bought tf out of NIO
This man made too much money on BABA he forgot what rational thinking is.  

I could be wrong but he’s still positive for the year.
That's why it's a gamble...
Upvoting for something other than NIO, AMD, BABA, AMZN, or PLTR
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Put my last $100 in ccl $19c 11/13 god told me to do it or maybe I’m hearing voices Idek

**URL:** https://redd.it/jspbaq
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jspbaq) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/CKee_, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CKee_
OverpricedBagel
If TA worked reliably the TA bros would all be millionaires and billionaires rather than playing with fancy lines on CNBC for a paycheck. No one knows what the hell is going on in this market let’s be real
fuck futures
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Unpopular opinion: technical analysis only works it a lot of people believe it works. The indicators themselves are self fulfilling. They’re not going to work anymore because the new age of day traders don’t trade on that shit anymore.
You realize they don’t make much from console sales of anything at all lol
Why not. Wait for moderna vaccine news in a week
What Beyond Meat and Impossible burger are trying to do has already been in place for centuries in India. Majority of the population in India are vegetarians. They do not like to kill cow but rather use it as a domestic animal. This gets best of both worlds, you are saving the environment as well as getting some diary products from 🐄.
I bought NIO FD puts this past Monday and I'll fucking do it again next week
Good bot
What if it comes out NIO is a ghost company and there has been a massive spread of misinformation/fakenings and duped all of bulls?
Cousin of death. I heard less sleep = dying sooner statistically

Get that shut eye in soldier we're tryna live forever
Puts on that bitch she’s like 80
Do I need to learn chinese to buy NIO?
Please don’t tell me you thought tech was going away the day after hitting record high covid cases
Please stop embarrassing yourselves with this Chinese EV crap

We’re here to make money not lame ass memes
Coming in here with ur elitist, smart ass comment. We do not accept logic here, kindly get the fuck out.
Naked
There’s no good games coming out with the new systems
[deleted]
What news am I missing about NIO? I already have calls tomorrow but did something happen? Appreciate your guys help.
Lol yeah that was fucked
selling calls you mean?
To reduce risk. You're in a big profit now, you might not be later.
drive if possible. love the convenience  but it's a fucking scam how much they charge.
vix up 3.5% so calls! at these low levels :)
Entertain me. How much did it gain dollar wise?
BABA probably hit 300 end of week.
[deleted]
I tend to keep an eye on UPS as forex price kinda correlates.
Either a retard or someone who believes that markets price everything in perfectly and there is no way to capitalize on irregularities
This is the next hsrtzs
I hate going to sleep
Just keep drinking and shut up with that lame shit
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/aaplfarm don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Are there any subreddits you’ve started going to for solid info?
Calls on Pelosi
Who the fook is that guy
Yes, giving advice on international laws on “consent” should win me back.
Yes
"Magic crayons make guessy go good"
Gimme your money rite NIO
be me, retard.

market is about to open in 1 minute.

I eye the +99% gains with intense arousal.

the clock strikes 9:30AM EST.

**BOOM MULTIPLE CIRCUIT BREAKERS DOWN! -99% INSTANTLY AND TRADING STOPS FOR THE DAY**

Robinhood crashes, with the words "**get a real fucking broker stupid**" emblazoned on the page.

I deserved this.
did both.... broke even cause I also bought some dec calls lol
I have calls but anyone shorting PLTR tomorrow has gigantic balls and I’m pumped to see GUH or gain porn
You werent that far off from total autism coming from OH
Spy puts
You disgust me
We need publicly traded porn companies so I can have a legitimate porn portfolio
Do you think this post was responsible for Monday’s increase?
My wife’s boyfriend taught me well, thanks friend. Keep stroking my little dick.
25$ is 25$ dollars son
Ayyy fellow Baba 300c 1/15/21 !🤑🔥
Do you have uber calls or puts?
Just claim severe mental retardation. One look at your all time and the judge has no choice but accept the diagnosis.
That’s what I’m doing. Not enough people are able to switch right away anyways
Ankles were the gateway drug, that led to shins knees thighs and whatever comes after that.
Up down left right down down down down 
Am I doing this right?
Considering that they're barely launching with any notable titles, not sure why people want them so much at launch, other than having them for the holiday season.
Calm down bud
spy puts vs vxx calls?
Pass
Wait 2 years to save $100 and get one that's slightly smaller? Sounds dumb.
Baba not a good idea, shit is weak
Calls it is
We'll just rotate back into tech and still be in the bull run
Do I Uber Eats or drive my ass out and get food myself?
get in ZM now before earnings in DEC 4th it’s gonna up til then got in at at the bottom at $380 

ZM $450 12/11
The fact that the first half feels legit real says a lot of who we let run our country for 4 years
FOMO bby.
Wow what a fun, quirky, and unlikely coincidence! Nice job ~~inmate~~ buddy!
Did you use a regular stop loss or a stop limit order? With stop limit shares will be sold at 39.50 or better. Regular stop loss turns into a market sell when the price touches 39.50
No, I more than make up for losses. Have NIO, PLUG, TSLA, SPCE, AAPL. Not interested in small percentage moves.
Because you conveniently own 100 shares of each of these
Korea is gross as fuck. Noted. 

They can make amazing tech, but love to collect shit wipes. Amazing.
cuz im a soy boy with nothing better to do
riding RKT calls from the dip up to earnings and then swapping to selling PUTs yesterday was the smartest thing I’ve ever done, feel like a genius AMA
Also BABA 300c 1/15/21 let’s 🌙
and use the premium to buy more stock.

this is the way
I really enjoyed this sub a lot more before it became a meme. There was actually good data on here before.
[deleted]
Unpopular Opinion: Technical Analysis is recognizing patterns and predicting a future output. If you think it’s useless, it’s probably cause you’re a retard.
damnit looked away from futues for 2 min and we going back down... okay watching it till we green!
The Autistic Market Hypothesis
[removed]
my rkt calls are fk
Over 13k comments on this post... glad I saw this one 😂
IBS gang.
https://www.bbc.com/news/explainers-53640249
My buddy and I once drank a bottle of delsym each and had one of the craziest 30 hour stretches of our lives
I'm cheering for you one this one bro pretty smart. solo risky thou
pc master race
Yes
QCOM

DUK
Do a spread if you want to hold through earnings unless it’s a far expiration
You will lie next to 9 women in ur nio grave when it dips under $30 tomorrow, rip
This thread really be giving my Chinese EV calls false hope
how do you make money off theta? by selling covered puts? I'm not doing naked options anymore. I'm starting into theta
You just gotta keep throwing money at it. Eventually boeing will select you to join their gold member club and drop you crates of tendies from their jets every week.
It’s the final countdown until drill team six comes back and gets agro on that ass.
I can't wait until it corrects back to the 30's and all these RH plebs get their calls burned
I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing angel dust.
Red for zoom, green for everything else
Pshhh I can do that easy, someone call up SoftBank and tell them I’m CEO material
Can $RUN buy me a $NIO?
Somehow I feel like this is more home than home. #TeamAutsismmmsk
Saaame
Let me get in first gosh
Covid outbreak on the first cruise today, for reals
lol TA is BS they think they can do machine learning in their head with past data... raw level 2 algo processing is another story with HFT
So uh, is spy gonna try and open a little greener than this?
Yeah of course. I was talking in the context of the broader market
Why not wait another year or two for the improved version of these new consoles? Bugs/defects free, slimmer, faster with bigger game libraries etc.
[removed]
what day are you on?
Long SPY Short RKT
Exactly if everyone believes a retractable double top leads to stonks going up everyone will buy - leading to stonks going up.  TA is dying, gut feeling is the way forward.
Or two baby cthulu holding hands and kissing.
I suddenly don’t feel so bad bag holding 4K shares at 3.41. 

Do your bags feel heavier over time as you watch airlines and cruises take off? (No pun intended)
XPEV
[deleted]
Eh not really. It’s more about probability. Like yesterday the setup to get into tech was good if you looked at the moving averages. Could it have still gone down, yes but the set up was there for a bounce.  So it can help you decide when to get long/short
Hold WMT through earnings yay or nay?
[like dragon children](https://qz.com/1058965/chinese-kids-born-in-the-year-of-the-dragon-are-more-successful-than-their-peers/)
That's fine I will be selling puts the whole time.
JD is the most predictable stock there is. Accumulate forever...jump 6%...lose 8%...jump 3% - rinse and repeat. Slowest slog ever.
JD 45x 1/21/2022 $80C - $100C
Death by a million paper cuts
What's happening
Jeb!
Well fuck man, trump gotta make some cats happy by years end
The cold, dark days of January are great for nuttin
Literally the entire country of Korea right here
🐻
Auto-mod removes posts which it thinks are low effort or whatever.
I went long on them at 380. I got high BP but I knew it was gonna work out. Upside all the way to 450 IMO. Vaccine might be a fake
There are some cases of ghost bussinesses making money out of pure especulation. They don't last too much time, but the owners still benefit from it. Obviously, if all the markets worked under that premise we wouldn't have stuff.
Tomorrow, then $250 friday.
Honestly it’s a bunch of hogwash when there’s news. News moves price action way more than anything and that is absolutely unpredictable by TA. However, I do think there is some value in using TA when some underlying is floating around absent of news.
Hertz to the moon!
Yeah wheres my ubereats?
stop 🛑 ✋
Holy shit you did exactly the opposite. Impressive.
I shave my neck but would otherwise have a neck beard. 5'11" 150lbs lol
Maybe you’d fit in if you acted a bit more like Ghislaine Maxwell
Holy shit that kid wearing "the expert" shirt is trumps son😂
 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 Gang
I have a nagging suspicion half you mouth-breathers on this sub dont even have any money in the market
I am literally goes to sell every single one of those options tomorrow
But actually can we get more?
Very drunk rn, do I stay up all night and get my PS5 at store open and play all day while trading FDs or do I sleep in?
I am loading on 11/13 45c and 50c. Am I stupid? 

I feel like they will beat the earnings by a lot.
Do you think some people don’t know that Puts exist?
I want to be happy AND sad within 48 hours.  thanks.
Imagine being the retard that bought QQQ puts and SQQQ calls instead of SPY puts and SPXU calls at close.  
  
Yes, I am that retard.
I don't get why this is a thing
NIO opening at 70
Hyln needs to rocket tomorrow for my ps5
Just told wife, ‘Goodnight NIO’ on accident after reading the thread for 10 mins. Fucking NIO inception for all of us retards yoloing in at open.
You may not understand yet, but after a weekend retreat with us, you’ll understand why the NIO way is the superior way. All of life’s gripping questions and problems can be solved by buying NIO. Want to lie with 9 new women a night? Buy NIO
I was told i wouldn't be laughing at for my writing by the mods.
What’s happening in Europe is on it’s way here. Adjust accordingly.
here we go! green soon lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Or come back to roast me for my losses
Nah she can do way better than that.
Can we get a sector rotation back into crack cocaine?
The NIO of TESLAS!
Play at your own risk (bullish):  
ADBE 487.5C 11/13  
BAM 40C 12/18  
PSA 260C 12/18  
GIS 62.5C 12/18  
CPB 52C 12/4  
CL 90C 12/4  
HD 290C 11/20
Bears r fuk?
Its gonna be sold out for ages though. Gotta get tomorrow or its gonna be sold out for a couple weeks at least
Market's too easy with long dated spreads
1st time? \*pulls noose over head\*
my pee pee would be hard
started in november 2019. maxing every year

millennial
100%. Make sure you take profits at 9.30 when it opens at 70.
Anyone else buy thotchat dip today?
[deleted]
I’ve been to their meetings, in between drinking the goat blood and satanic rituals to achieve youth, they look at your comment history and choose the opposite
Puts, print with me or eat my gay bear tendie turds

Luv
Dkng
Uber
Lyft
Disney
Late December Call 70-72ish
I'm more of a 100T or TL guy.
This is called the efficient market hypothesis
Never buy the first batch man
I thought it was at the Four Seasons Landscaping. My memory could be fading though.
Bro!!!! I literally have the same trade as you all in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I had a good year, and you had a year so lets hope our synergy pumps this puppy to the moon aka 3.5K by eom
I think its a popular opinion here.  I was skewered on r/finance for making fun of it.
[deleted]
I'm fucked if FSLY doesn't go up a little FSLY.
Fuukkkkk
Me in my intro to economics class after trading for years with dads SSN
If incorrectly executed - yes
Will my 11/13 $67c print with all this NIO talk?!?
if everyone believes in bone throwing then ur gonna see bone throwing resultant behavior
I need an SPY crash and a RKT pump within 48 hours. thanks.
Fears of the second wave shutting down the economy are the main reason I got into NIO in the first place... I figured if USA goes tits up I won't go bankrupt. 

I'm gonna do puts on the American economy sometime after Christmas
[deleted]
Usually start at like 4am too lol. I shoulda got on webull.
yeah like 100 pts of this recovery is strictly from futes pumping. 220 to 360. ~30 is from market movement lol
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RedDeadJason don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What a fucking joke of a rotation. Always lasts 2-3 days max
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** ZM Eerie signals

**URL:** https://redd.it/jsp6ub
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jsp6ub) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Vs711, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Vs711
Be_Glorious
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
I have 100 shares and recently sold a covered call against them, as I don’t think they’ll be up anytime soon. We’ll see
I swear masa son is pumping nikkei
Been there
Ur still here, so not raw enough
We need a plan(e) that somehow involves 19 *ehem* members.
So is my dick
You might want to start investing in bonds.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Joegrun the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
He’s hoping for a cheaper entry, NEVER trust the word of a hedgie unless he asks you to marry him.
Finally, a quality meme.
🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
If I made the laws I would consider this statement assault with a deadly weapon
I got autism trying to read that
So is your mom but we don't have to discuss it here unless there's positons involved.
Good shit. Tell your friends. Let’s pump this retard to the fuckin moon
Unpopular Opinion: Technical Analysis is as accurate as throwing a bundle of bones on the floor and guessing which way its going.
I recommended the punishment for treason be used ahead of time before classified info goes into the wrong hands.

It’s like WSB banning me for bad stock advice.
**Alibaba, JD set new records to rack up record $115 billion of sales on Singles Day**
Lol its all tech  again
[removed]
Damn it WSB is always wrong. This isn’t good for my target calls
its ok ps5 has no games
Asia looking green rn
Shit. I was looking for Wendy’s.
This fucking whack a mole market with these daily sector rotations. Bruh just let the shit tank and stock inflating the bubble. 

I swear there’s a big group chat of rich mfers who are deciding, “hey let’s pump tech today and let the poors follow”. Then tomorrow cruises and airlines.
you must be a genius to buy CCL after a 30% green day
Fax 🤤
Nov is prime nut month
[deleted]
You ever think in the past, footjobs must have been super popular to make women hide their ankles.
I sold my nio puts today with a solid gain

just know I will be back for more, in much much higher number till I print enough money to create my own Venezuelan electric car company
Nio?
Seems like it would have been way cooler when it came out. Kinda boring now, already bene done a million times.
If my puts dont print tmrw, I cant get a ps5 :(. Wish me luck bois
Try ALLY
>**Report**

I'm in this post and I don't like it.
No nut November is a joke, I’ve been nuttin bro
Chinese tech ding dong
[deleted]
Moderna vaccine pump is coming in the next week or so, maybe grab some boomer stock calls
Go fuck yourself
Rise up
Pretty sure Buffet said "lose" not "loose."
The top
But planes go vroom
Dump BYND and BABA
Why does my Boeing stock keep still?! I keep pumping it with moar monies and no budge!
He said “call”. So 1 isn’t too bad.
Why nvda bad? Too overvalued?
NVDA and BYND have lots of room to grow, no?
Robinhood midnight
No this is Patrick
thanks that would be nice
I don’t know, but people probably assume I’m fat
NIO
I picture econ students with a fratty look but uncool enough to be on reddit all day long.
Imaging thinking that there was any possibility it's pronounce nye-oh
Hold calls through earnings? Real?
I have a Question if I could ask: 
I started buying stocks in August. I stupidly sold $20 of NIO back in September but have bought in after that since then.  Is this going to screw me tax wise?  
I’m looking at $250 profit right now from NIO.
that's what I was thinking
You didn’t fail. You just learned a valuable lesson. You’ll do better next time. 

Stonks go up!
No stimmy. Cases at record highs. With vaccine coming rotation out of tech. What's positive for SPY to go up ?
fuk tech,  ccl better be up tmrw or i’m fuked
Has come back to hogwarts?
Went to amc on robinhood, stocks people also own. NKLA Checks out.
You know the rule. Inverse yourself.
[deleted]
Everyone talking about resistance, what is this Les Miserables?
Jayztwocents??? That’s more money than I’ll ever have
I just saw a graph that had the % gains after hours/futures vs regular trading and the difference is wild. AH has way more gains. Rigged.
Nice
ZM is beautiful
Everyone with last name Li in China should buy a Li car
I’m praying for you and your 50 contracts
worthless
Cause pooh has an entire billion person country to pick his puppets out of
sorry for putting a curse on the stonk by buying it
Everyone online is imagined to be just like me unless they say something I don't like which then makes them akin to Voldemort.
Can confirm.  Will work for tips.
Enjoy the journey! Retirement is in your near future. 👍
They will charge you extra fee to get it.
What's for if only stock to trade is NIO.
right before earnings yes
Stressed? I'm completely numb
> already hit $200 a month back

> 52 Week Range	48.18 - 197.50

🤔🤔🤔

I'm not a genius like you, is 197.50 more or less than 200?
Haagen Dasz at Costco, I'm addicted like I'm 12, but now I have the money to sustain it
We exist in reality rather than libertarian funbux imagination land. It's nicer over here.
damn son it ran up 31% in 11 non business days. thats comparable with tesla's epic 50% run up in august. we are also up against this 10 year trend line which we've been rejected off twice for the SPX. so big stakes here for everyone
And they got Ulta now
whats the play
It's very likely they locked in prices with call options.
My $10 in puts I bought as a side bet are more important than all ur gains. It better be $20 by Friday
NLS
Probably like a pale shadow of something that was once human.
Yes, I decided it was time to hit the ask and stop-run the bears just now, youre welcome
Who would short PLTR
ZM, TDOC, ETSY
I have a call for January 2021, almost sold it cause it’s dropped so much, but 💎 hands baby
To doubt NIO is to doubt America. Why don’t you come up to our headquarters and we will show you a real NIO fantastic time. You’ll see, life is always better when you trust NIO. If you make a significant contribution, you too can discover the key to immortality.
It's not about how you fall, it's about how you get back up
I see. Yeah it’s at 255.xx rn in HK. Seems like it might drop more tomorrow, hopefully not a lot.
Tf are futures?
The epic battle for the same resistance has been happening for now goddamn long?
starting to think playing futes is free money... it's always green... like if its -1% buy that shit up
This isn't May anymore.
For yours I imagine a beard growing on your neck + yuge gut, am I close?
Have u seen previous console cycles with GME

It always peaks around Holiday season
[removed]
[deleted]
:(
Buy NIO FDs
I remember when I was 19 and thought I’d never have to pay back my student loans.

It’s part of the initiation process.

PS- dropped $19,000 over 4 years in student loans and current sitting at $80,000 in my account. It’s okay to gamble on yourself, you just need to be honest if you are good enough to be successful
By europoor open
Had a good year so far! Hoping I don’t lose it all on this trade
why? Do they even need to at this point?

I mean they could wait for counties in PA to recount or they could probaly thrust the US into a little more chaos by recognizing Trump;

Putin is basically a soverign citizen with a position in government in Russia right now. What dog does he have in this fight anymore? He cant be prosecuted for his crimes.
LI Auto
I'm talking about being a landlord . Some people, bro
I've diversified my portfolio to all NIO weeklies.
ah.
[deleted]
No different than me walking into Santa Fe Station casino this afternoon to get my free gift (a pair of copper-look mule mugs...hell yeah!)  I got the same email tonight but was too lazy to Google and see if it was legit.
No, most of us don’t know how. We just love the pretty colors on futures.
What happened to international flights in March? I wasn’t paying attention.
They don’t know what a downtrend is, they see bulls fuk and automatically downvote
That would imply we had money left over from intraday trading
But the tummy grumblies
Call December exp way to get on covid getting bad and they getting good at giving vaccine/Covid tests/masks
[deleted]
factory... new.
[deleted]
Thank you, I appreciate that man
chasdaq about to be green lol. Green by 6:30 lol
Jokes on you boomer! I got shares of TSLA and NIO. I cant lose.
[deleted]
So what’re y’all’s positions? 



Also, NIO
Nothing cause I can’t see stuff mentally
yeah its fun but only when youre right
Seems like selling options is just insanely good yield right now
#NIOggas
::SEC has entered the chat::
What kinda dark rituals do I need to do in order for zoom to gap down 20% tomorrow
Then take it to the daily discussion thread.
Needs more nio calls
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have a 20 year streak of picking the loser in the presidential election
like fr does the market just hate me or am I retarded
My calls like you sir but till that vaccine data in 2 weeks comes out it won’t break 500
Instead of looking at futures, does anyone trade it?
dot
When your reading this forum, do you have a mental image of the person who writes these comments? What do they look like?
some guy who stocks shelves said ecommerce is up 600%.
This sub + only options= crack 

Literally life changing dopamine, I haven’t fapped in 48 hours too much entertainment 

Also I hope nio crashes to a number smaller than my tiny dick, get fucked idiots
Puts on Tim apple, my new Iphone 12 pro keeps crashing lol
Wars are never good...even for short sellers. Won't wish you luck on this one.
Why would any autist listen to this?
Sir, this is a casino.
hmm

dump everything except for NIO, then go all in
The real joke will be when it goes flat for 3 months.
Futures don't look good my dude
It had the original data dog.
8-10k is not worth paying someone to manage. just buy a few SPY shares and call it a day if you want responsible investing growth. no need to pay a guy 2% of 8k to do it for you.
BREAKING: Kremlin to make official statement on 2016 and 2020 US election in coming days.
I might’ve drinkin 2 much delsym
Position?
Thank you.  I wasn’t sure if you meant they cook with margarine or not. Good to know.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/CKee_ the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Before open
Spacman is back upto his old tricks again. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bill-ackman-bets-against-market-221445155.html
L
I did exactly that today. Got $15 back ... meh
nobody tell him
Let’s chill out on the not so subtle racism
T-e-n-d-i-e-s
Price increase to 100 tomorrow. Xi made it into law
Got one coming today!
PRPL - now that’s a name I haven’t heard in a long time
check how much shares he gets awarded a year in compensation. if hes getting $10M in stock a year and selling half this is just normal diversification.
Why is pds unavailable for trade y up 1800% I’m too dumb to understand and don’t believe I can make money
Xbox series x. Prob should’ve just sold it on eBay and put the profits in some retarded play
I'll counter with another worthless opinion. We hit 300k/day conservatively by the new year. At that point health systems across the world are overloaded and we're seeing 6-10k deaths a day. We now know who will be resilient after the first drop. Good gay bull opportunity.

But who was resurrected by the stimulus? Who is so debt leveraged that they will be completely fucked in two months?  I really don't have the time for real DD until after December but I'm curious  what the answer to this scenario is.
Shit stock
Only five cabbages and two donkeys for an ox? Sounds like they're getting ripped off.
[removed]
big if true
here for this i cum
I don’t even NIO what to do with you autists
What happened with NIO..? I’ve got 11/20 50c
I was but future are red.
[removed]
True words but the he been charting this breakout for a minute and I was anticipating much biglier than getting kicked off 190 3 times, just soul crushing stuff watching it everyday this week
Thank you for thr bullish words my lord of tendies. May tech be in our favour
I bet u 🌈🐻
You stock people are so much nicer than the computer coin people.
I don’t see that on the Xbox homepage but I signed up for the Walmart notifications. Good to know they’re restocking soon tho.
I thought you said AMD at first then I was like... whoa.. you got balls
Is it NIO niggas hour yet?
352-353 opening fading to 349
How'd you get one
Purchased? I sold it.
Yea even the greatest coverband is only pretty good in comparison. If they were great they wouldn't be in a cover band.
convinced myself that PLTR will moon on earnings
1 hour and 40 minutes
lol not before console release moons them to 100s
they are gonna go through it all with a fine tooth comb so there is nothing to worry about
Can someone who's able to trade futures buy enough  to turn them green? Would help me out.
How fucking rich are you
Not on the best coast. Prime shitposting hours right now.
Yeah so I bought it thinking it was gonna tank like 30-40% if bears come at us. But taking almost 6% hit on the first day kinda made me sweating. And the sentiment is that tech is over valued.
Take profits a bit at a time. I learned this lesson last week. I bought ACB calls and they were up 3500% in the morning. Sold half because I have fucked up before and watched it drop. The last 3 calls I had were at 6500%. I left 8k on the table.
Yep getting mine tomorrow
Makes sense I’ll go back to sleep then
NIO is true. NIO is now. NIO is innovation. NIO tucks you in at night. NIO is life. Buy NIO
Atleast these retards have life savings to gamble trying to get rich. I can think of a whole slew of places you could go for some good ole fashion genecesspool entertainment. Head on over to your local Walmart the first of the month
Ya pull a Fastly please and say things dont look good
Ok...of all the stay-at-home stonks, which one or two or three are going to make us tendies? ETSY? ZM or it's knock offs? Shopp/AMZN, NFLX ?
What y’all think about REYN ? Ik it’s low volume but these calls already printing 60% (small position rn might add more) and er is ah tomorrow, I’m hoping it’s a sleeper and pulls a Tupperware move. I have no real dd this is just a fun play 

https://imgur.com/gallery/Uxw0q6h
Yeah you’re just gonna hold so not fucked whatsoever
Puts on PLTR
Nobody tell her
Cramer said it, therefore it must be true
Sold on the slide too many times where my selling amount turns out to be the lowest the stock was for the next year or more.
It really feels like it, she was my first real pet so this is the first time I’m going through this. Don’t know why they get so much flak, best companion i could’ve asked for
[deleted]
yeah i sold half monday eod. let other half ride lol
knee- eye - yow
69:420
3190 April 2021 Amzn call! All in
Haha tomorrow morning premarket
I feel for you brother. It's a tough decision to make but you're doing the right thing.
Yea I've thought about giving up. This game is rigged.
Its nee-yo you fuggin crayon eater
It costs less than it should
When does eu open ???
mhmmm shhh dont tell them
There are plenty of lawyers who will work for food
Nvda and bynd are no bueno 

Nio and aapl good
Bought SPY puts. Let’s go!!
Hey I have $20 of my $3000 left too!
[deleted]
As soon as Europe opens up, watch fucking Nasdaq. It’s gonna go green.
I can’t order that shit
The US office is an afterthought, or so I hear. My buddy is a tech recruiter in SF and has talked to a fair amount of ex-Nio employees
Like the Matrix because it’s the one
Sir this is a casino
Sounds like all the SPY puts are gonna expire worthless!
oh wow..never thought of it I just say nee-yo
Seriously, do something a little less OTM
Bro exactly just said this the comment above I have 2023 leap calls there are gonna make me 100k minimum and I’m only 18 I’ll take that all day over 50/50 weeklys
[deleted]
Happened to me w/ Tesla at $400 earlier this year. I die a little inside every day.
One of us one of us
Well it might come back pretty quickly...Swings 4-5% a day or assuming we don’t completely shit the bed over months you be fine
Literally 182.5 11/13
Knee-gro
Moarrr
So buy calls of spce? 🤷‍♂️
I use a Bloomberg terminal sir. But you can try investing.com
I think the answer is in your last sentence.
Word I’m in on 2000 shares so get twitchy
Care to elaborate?
%100
you weren’t late to the party
when is earnings? i got 10k in shares
Loaded on puts bro
it needed a breather for a few days after a huge runup, tomorrow shall be interesting. if it was hyped more it wouldnt need a break but we are in a weird spot, not like back in june
CloudKitchens would be a nice target for PSTH
Sell at open as soon as you see green bro, don't be a retard that gets caught bagholding, this shit could hit the fan any minute
Not SEC regulated.  Too susceptible to nefarious dealings (pump & dumps and out-right scams).  Want to trade shares in a Blockchain investor or ETF, no problem.
I got loose money in my ass
What happened
Is NIO pronounced. NEE-YO or N👁O
Anybody get a PS5?
Current positions. Any suggestions?

Stocks: AAPL NVDA BABA NIO BYND PENN

Options: $18 ICLN 4/16/21 Call
Damn what did you do say almost anything?
There are certain lawyers who ARE that.
My One S hdmi port burnt out and then my power supply failed (I think) within a couple days last week. I’m in the same boat but Microsoft said they’d be re-supplying retailers very soon and to check in frequently. They also just added a “sign up for Xbox X stock notifications” form right their on the Xbox homepage, so be sure to do that.
[deleted]
[deleted]
At least $50 stock by 2022 my leap calls are gonna make me 100k I can’t complain
Yeah. Occasionally someone does a good take on a song but for the most part it's just like fanfiction
Ha theyll never cancel flights. You think Spirit gives a shit if you catch covid?
All I see is two ball sacks
You watch your mouth about Cob Mob
They are doing a stock split tomorrow.
Nice
They got quiet!?!? Every post is about nio.
I love how you got a downvote

AWS is considered to be “late stage growth” at just shy of 30%, almost nothing in tech is under 10% YoY
I will observe how the algos react to all these NIO posts tomorrow after they parse this sub, as usual
Never do what Cramer says
PRPL AND KODK TO THE MOON
orange man bad!!
Zoom I’d appreciate it if you could announce bankruptcy pre market
Lmao scrotox
[deleted]
My soul can’t take another positive Boeing news story and no green dildos.... pls dildo lord bless me in the morn
Just a bunch of retards simpin' on NIO, nothing more
the -0.5% and climbing back up is good... the 3.5%+ on Vix... is scary wtf rofl
It’s 5 o’clock somewhere
Yeah that was bad.
Where.
Now ya fucked up
This movie is amazing knew about Musk didn't know Thiel also was a producter. One of my favorite movie of all time.
🗣 NIO
Organe Jrs are literally begging for public to report voter frauds on twitter....looks like they have no evidence so far. What a bunch retarded offsprings.
He’s doing for his investment class 

Source: am his new lawyer
I bought 35 shares of TQQQ at the top on Monday. How fucked am I hahaha. Gonna hold this for long long time
Just enroll at your snazzy local community college and take night classes for four years to learn how to fill-out a spreadsheet or take someones temperature.
What is the deal with godcoin why is there no love for it here ?
I was just banned at r/politics.  Maybe my stocks will print now.
Dang sorry to hear that. Losing a cat is like losing a person. They have so much personality and life
That would be great
[deleted]
550k —> 27m then sell day trading courses
nio go up
RH gave me GME at $2 in April man if only I put my whole portfolio in GME back then in calls or even the stock I would be on a yacht with hookers and blow
*A lot*
[removed]
Someone mentioned they landed a contract that was tenuous during their last guidance (or something like that) so that’s likely not captured in the whispers. Could be a big surprise.
[removed]
tryna get this p5
What are bulls celebrating for? Downtrend is still intact bros.

edit: https://imgur.com/a/ymYWbmQ
*will
Fuck cnbc latest article on the pandemic. Saying darkest days yet to come, unlike anything we’ve ever seen, we haven’t even peaked yet. Im trying to make my flight in December and the media about to cause airports to cancel flights.
CCP<<<<<<<<<<
Nobody tell him
I don’t understand PJ traders. Why trade at 2am. Go to sleep bruh
10% 😂😂😂
I bet it would be safe to say to late night crew has the lowest net worth but fuck I love you guys
Retard wanted to type. Didn’t bother reading though.
Thanks for taking the time to read it :) I am in a spot similar to you. I am not confident in my picks on most individual stocks and have had some go bad on me. I am starting to put most of my money now into EFT's and found success. However once I am around 8-10k invested I am going to pull out probably 85-90% of my money and hand it over to a broker. At that point I'd rather have a professional handle it and let the fee go towards making sure someone with more experience is watching over it/managing it. I'll still keep about 10% for me to play around with and try my luck, but it won't be my majority of investments

I wish you the best of luck, and I am honestly happy you still have 6-7k. There are a lot of people here who have hit rock bottom, but you haven't yet, and can still recover. I can see you easily grow beyond what you had in 2016 with the right people/help :)
I managed to buy at 13 sell at 22 with MGM. Bought nio at 7 sold at 41.61. Hopefully you are wrong mate,  i wanted to move back in but moved to pltr last friday. Wish me luck.
Bogdanoff is rubbing one out right now to all of the NIO shill comments.

He's calling the MMs first thing in the morning:

*The retards bought*

*DOMP EET*
Genius
What did I miss with NIO, seriously
NO NIO for you 🇨🇳
You must have YOLOed your entire life savings + margin in puts then?
1...2...3..let's jam
S.E.C.: Nuck ilon’s Oock.
Rim them if he has to. I need my China stocks to go parabolic.
Bro sounds like you should give up this shit ain’t for everyone. Your past losses are very real. Imagine them invested at a 7% rate of return. Feel them making you retire later in life. 

Then yolo NIO
You both can lose
Penis delights?
We get it, you didn’t vote for DJT
I hate all cover bands. Why would listen to a worst version of a song?
ur welcum bull goodNIOt
Where do you see a red candle? It’s up 3 percent there
WILLIAM LI >>>>>>>>>>>>
Haven't been on since 2012.
US closed post market at 267.75usd. HK opened at 257.60HKD. Right now it is 256.00HKD, which means a drop. If it carries on dropping below 257.60HKD, it will likely open in US pre market below 267.75USD. The reason it opened above yesterday close is because US pumped it from 261 to 267.
Nah it's just logarithmically going to zero, real lending rates can't be zero
[deleted]
is that the new NIO factory?
Just get an OG Xbox like a real one so you can stop whining and start Haloing.
Dear Tesla please do the thing you used to do where you made everyone cash monies
A lot of buyers ready to buy it when it dips , a lot of shortsellers ready to short, might be the yugest shortsqueeze since tsla
Going to bed if NIO is not 100 by open my life will be in shambles and perma fukt

ty for all the valubull insider trading info tonight WSB NIOtards
oh please. please figure out if you wanna squeeze. Before you squeeze me out of all my tendies
That’s what they mean by diversification right?
Its coming
BABA to 🌙
Maybe you mean N!O
Scroll down in the thread. You will know when you hit it.
Read “The Misbehaviour Of Market” by Benoit Mandelbrot, you’ll like it.
XPENG gang 

🍆 💦
Well I guess you can say “I’m all in”
I fux with it
Cut down your time on Twitter man your showing symptoms
[deleted]
Why is my pds up 1800% has to be a glitch I’ve never made money b4
I’m just asking what’s the best site
Dude don’t take it that way, you lose you learn, move on, own your mistakes and next time try harder. As long as you learned something from this. That’s what life is all about, Talk with some friends, listen some advices and see what are your options. What I am trying to say is you are already down so you better pick up you ass and make your way out of the hole. Own you mistake and don’t sob on the spilled milk. And please if you gonna play with options never do it with money you can’t afford to lose.
#jelqing
Haha I googled the history earlier. Kinda wild.
If your short call gets exercised you should not exercise your long call. You just buy 100 shares and sell another call.  
  
The only time people get forced to exercise is at expiration which isn't an issue with PMCCs
[deleted]
lol tell me about it, take a day off to get away from the 'rents and play some put put, and futures have to turn red so I need to scramble to set limit orders in the morning
cant shake this fear that we're gona get a headline at any random moment about the election being officially contested & mkt gona shit itself
The fact people read this and can't tell it's satire says a lot about the man...
What are capital gains taxes? I’ve never seen them before
Yeah I really have no ambition to reach the 1%  or .1% or wherever in between.  And I don't disagree being born into wealth is a massive head start that just cannot be replicated any other way.  
 As someone who always had nothing, being taken care of financially, and having mental health as a top priority is my version of "wealthy" it may not be the same for everyone and yes you are right not everyone can or wants to start a business or company or side hustle.  But reddit likes to say, "ohh your having success, MUST HAVE BEEN HANDED TO YOU" and it only hurts the people propagating that myth.  I also used to believe that, which is one reason why I'm so adamantly against people spreading it.
r/the_donald
God damn I fucked up not pre ordering the new Xbox. Of course my old ass one just shit the bed too. What’s the best way to go about getting one now without paying $1,000+? StockX has them for $300 over retail which is still retarded but fuck I might have to
NIO San Francisco location in-between financial district and chinatown whoa.
Cowboy bebop is fuego 🔥
There’s NIO way the ps5 is sold out
Green by open
If you’re emotionally stressed about your positions, start playing with 10% of what you’re doing now. 

And stop playing weeklies.
So you’re saying we should download this app & buy more NIO calls?
theta gang
8am tomorrow is gonna break a lot of hearts or make cocks hard. See you all in 7 hours
Giga Texas construction 🚧 going well. Cyber truck soon
Free max b!!
Not for long! 🐂🐂
🐻 bamboozled yet again
Lmao imagine buying tech puts ... when it’s down. Oh no. WSB strikes again.
NIOCCCE!
isn't it already at 0?
True baba comrades are up during Chinese market hours as well
Stonks
C'mon Ma, kiss their ass already. BABA needs to go 280 by 13/11 somehow or grass be back on menu.
Get in the breadlines #Boomers. 

Its time for a market throwback.

No time for 🏳️‍🌈🐻 dust bowls, crop failure, and social collapse. 

No, instead were going to be swimming in GOLD DUST.

Dinning on cuisine classique. Having our gold cakes and eating them too.

So:

"Old man / Boomer, 

Join the golden bull 🐂 gang! 

You only live through the greatest market GAINS once!

#🐂zGeneration"
ZM is going to $600 by next Friday
Is that what nio stands for? Holy shit..
How can we make them lose money faster?... Hm...
Don’t buy earnings it’s usually priced in before then you’re just gambling. Buy earnings like 2 weeks out. In my experience at least
And dont forget, the United States is still a backwards fuck hole, debtors prison still exists.
https://www.aclu.org/issues/smart-justice/sentencing-reform/ending-modern-day-debtors-prisons
You might even end up in prison for being poor! WoooOOOooooo.
[deleted]
That was Monday...
Bought 351 puts expiring this Friday, let's see who wins
The youth has been that way since the beginning of time. Relax boomer
No, the market did when tesla decided to go full boomer. Drops on battery day and "our best quarter ever". Sideways until dividend, the epic slow bleed till the new ford.
Everyone is talking about Nio and I’m balls deep in calls that bought before market close... Am I fucked?
I’m scared of what it opens at
[deleted]
I take one fucking vacation day to play my last round of golf and shit starts blowing up at work. Never ends. This ain’t it.
Fake money Donny said so
Not the time to be holding GME. It’s peak sell the news (console cycle) and Biden shutdown
Too many reasons to list. Massive turnaround story and its priced for bk though. Its like buying in March, only direction to go is up
Thiel/Musk > Warren Buffett
Buying ours tomorrow and then leaps when it drops
Fuck James harden
Every single person in the world isn't ordering a frozen smoothie kit online at the same time.
This shit is now my wallpaper
Why are fewterz ducked!?
More like Evolution.
found the boomer
I have 165 11/27. You?
that is our word
Trade SPY expiration on Mon Wed and Fri to build diamond hands. You only need $100
Yaa fuk those puts
[deleted]
bruh when the entire market put/call ratio is that high, it *is* the MMs.
I get more smart now to do big thing later, buy high sell low
EGG WHYD YOU MAKE IT GO DOWN
No you only get paid if you post the three letters next to each other. Waste of time
So 49.99 gotcha
You too homie
The bears truly never learn
He skipped all the actual folks giving concerning advice, found the one that gives confirmation bias, and responds to it.

$ROPE gay bear. This is the way.
Lmao remember KODK
I too had a wet dream
I agree. Im amazed the ticker hasn't been banned yet. Literally hundreds of randos coming to WSB to pump it, and they managed to get half this sub to buy in
I got a few of those 😎 💰
GME I want the biggest hulk dildo to bottom me out and send me right to the ER
Ded
r/investing is missing you, you better get home quickly!
About $480 I took profits this instead of Diamond handing into zero like I always do. Only took profits because I wanted a ps5
Ford is too rich for few. RH gave me 3$ in Sirius XM
Youre a fucking retard
Link me?
Holy fuck the chadsdaq is making my dick hard
$ICLN will moon to $25 tomorrow 🚀🚀🚀might even get to Mars before Papa Musk 🤭

Buying calls at open

Quite simply: money printer go BRRRRRR
L
I am looking ahead at 2050 since I ain't gonna be sucking on the teet of a social security check like you bucko!
Prolly raw
NO!
There is so much useless and baseless info on here. Bill
Ackmans Hf is up big forst of all. Second he never hyped his spac and is structured in such a way that we all make money from the deal unlike any other spac which sometimes just makes money for founder. Irrespective of what the target is PSTH has solid investors and is structured well enough to align with shareholders. It has a great board and at 23 bucks it’s a no brainier. You’re buying a spac with a solid management. That’s all
You can ask
For right now. If it’s stripe
GreaT of not I have to believe ackman can find another good target. Hey Chamath thinks
He’ll
Find 26 good targets. All ackman needs is one big kahuna. I think stripe is done. Just waiting for elections to be over. Maybe even q3 Hf results to be lit of way. Strange comment from
Brother but Patrick tried to massage it by saying ackman is great investor and he just was targeting the speculation. Would
Have preferred if they kept quiet but maybe they just wanted to brush off increasing hype. Remember ackman had said months ago they were not mature enough yet. That didn’t rule them out completely. Here we are still speculating about it. BEcasue they’ve done a huge hiring ramp
Up etc. So one can’t not pick
On w wry wording. It’s dicey but I don’t think bros said anything too dangerous to be in breach of securities law. Let’s see. I think it’s either next week announcement or next month. 🤷🏻‍♀️ yolo
I didn't sell, I'm still going long. I just enjoy spreading/making sarcastic autist memes.

And if other people can enjoy them even just a little, then that's pretty cool. Not everyone's portfolios have been doing well in this time period, sometimes mindless humor is just what ya need to cheer you up brotendo :)
🍉🍉🍉🍉
I aint that much of a savage.
He better at least have a Diaper Genie.
So sell the open got it
i make more money buying puts for good companies during earnings.
The circle of life. Next week: how did I lose so much on NIO, you guys lied to me.
I would but I can’t afford to
dude chill its not my fault
🥉
Bought 360 SPY calls 55 of them expire this FRIDAY thoughts?
I’m mainly focusing on the short term which seems to be the focus here at least with NIO, and in the current market it’s far too unpredictable. Even this subreddit is divided, some sure calls will profit some sure puts will
Of course tech is leading. Fucking retarded shit. They really just decided in the last 38 minutes to buy fucking tech with all those fucking green dildos. Fucking fuck this and my puts.
Can't wait for that dividend. Should get me another dipping sauce
Are you really trying to preach personal accountability in this subreddit?
Owning nio when the entire sub is shilling it, and you call that intelligent investing? Have fun with Luckin coffee 2.0 you fucking mongoloid

And can you edit my essay for me?
Winner winner chicken nio
[]\\[] [] [O]

am i doing it right?
Is that you Papá bear!
Niggas In Options Please Let This Run
I’m back , where are y’all watching futures now? Maybe my investing dot come shit is messed but I’m using cnn money right now
Somebody at some point really sat down and invented options. Wild
Most of todays youth
Hey guys really nice base forming on spce, 1m chart.  We’re coming on the right side of it as well. So buy calls!
Yeah, it’s literally falling out of the sky like a flare
rip
The seems like BABA is doing quite good in HK?
Like clockwork. Next time buy puts
Doesn’t work like that. You only get paid if you put the letters next to each other like this: nio
Can't wait for 0% interest rates, the past will truly be not real then :)
Gecko Gang approved this message
Holy shit it’s him 🧐
Always have been
That’s gross. So if you have a family you share that shit trash can? And throw out the shared shit daily?
Alright Matthew mcconahey
!emojify
Award me
I’d be fine 44
[deleted]
20% would be dope
Cvs
bears think a 15-25% drop on tech stonks weren't enough...

lmao they think that was a low dip...

they are gettin desperate
there is nothing that I dislike more than someone who refuses to take responsibility for anything they do and make their problems everybody else's problems /rant
He’s completely irrelevant so idk
Go to sleep!
All in on SPY calls tomorrow
this stock has been nothing but a mess lol
Sorry homie. Imma smoke an L for the terminal pussy
Don’t underestimate this comment
I only see 65 on your screenshot.  I would love to sell some 80c against my shares if they are available.  I am using TDA.
Our time has come. Hopefully
It’s not as red anymore
Like this v-shaped recovery was just a massive dead cat bounce?
Hell no
I dont kniow whatt you’re talkiniog abuot
Nio to the moon
Now do it again pussy 


11k -> 550k
wheres my nioggas at?
No idea. But I can give you my worthless opinion; no matter how bad the virus gets, the market won't drop significantly. Just sideways volitility before the next bull run. We've already seen that the virus doesn't hurt the trillion dollar companies that move the markets. So while retail and restaurants might be in danger of a significant down turn, the market as a whole is not.
Bill Nye is a shill now
Damn what kind of peasant has never vacationed in Mexico
How much did u leave with
Honesty wish I could give you an award for that comment
Yeh green by morn
Big NIO accouncement
one quote from Wall Street(1987) has kept me going in this crazy market:

"You *win a few*, you *lose a few*, but you keep on fighting. And if you need a friend, get a dog. It's trench warfare out there pal" - Gordon Gecko.

I have wanted to give up so many times this year.

During the Feb/March crash. During the last week of March insane rally where I was caught out with massive short positions(still have nightmares from that). During the 1st half of May(sell in May go away) where the market was rough. During the June 9-11 correction that blasted everything I had made from April through June. Missing out the August rally(I am still mad about that). During the Sept 5-20 market correction, the Oct 25-31 severe pre-election hell week. And finally, during the past 3 days where they rotated out of tech.

Keep on fighting everyone! Forget the past. The past is not real.
You see this hitting 50 tomorrow brah?
TY too kind. You can see if insiders are bailing or who they start networking with to find clues about sales or mergers. Also the CEOs post stuff to each other so you can see that they actually are respected in the industry, compared to bearish media hit pieces. Also Glassdoor job postings and employee reviews tell a lot. Like I said, even NIO a simple cat video at 2am was all I needed to know the company was still alive and planning to deliver cars.[Nokia NAM Legal Counsel with Government Acquisition law experience](https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?cb=1605159371660&ao=938917&pos=101&guid=00000175baf4438699059723d9b8c540&src=GD_JOB_AD&s=234&cs=1_54cbdb5e&jobListingId=3661393209)
Weedstocks gonna moon tomorrow
Cases spike like crazy, lot of boomers die, some leftie states shutdown, right states are Hunger Games. There may be some drops, but nothing like February. The Almighty Printer wins.
if god exists he would blow up each and everyone of these niotard's account so they can shut up!!! 👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿
Fucking puts on NIO after that fiasco
There really isn’t anything else that could happen that could cause a huge sell off, there’ll be profit taking for sure to reset RSI, but if you look at the 20, ‘tis nothing but another major correction.

Maybe mid next year be worried, but for now, ride the momentum up.
Proof or ban
Baba way over sold
That escalated quickly
What did I miss in futures that made everyone so bullish? Isn’t it still red?
[Here](https://insideevs.com/news/391277/nio-ev-sales-december-2019/) is some reading material for you....nvm just scroll down to the pictures.
Standard amount. Each options contract can be exercised for 100 shares. Most people here just trade the options themselves though.
DAQBOIS! We out here
The thread was so bad for a bit there I got up and did the dishes instead...I don’t like doing the dishes
Niow you shut the hell right up
Bought into a partnership stake of a small company in a totally different field that's long been a hobby of mine. Been technically self employed for a few years now, no boss (just a business partner), set my own hours, decide our own pay based on how business is going, but honestly the best part is seeing work I do have a direct effect on the company's success. Also a nice perk is that I can refuse to work with anyone who's being a retard since I can make executive decisions and I can't be fired.
bears gonna get doggystyled by MM yet again
Realistically, why arent you posting your positions?
Totally worth it then
All the good news is over, vaccine is here, stimulus is on the way, what’s left?
WRONG WAY SPY
[deleted]
No one tell him till tomorrow after hour.
futures are like a shitty version of crystal ball

nio can announce in the morning that they making e-trucks and stonks all go green

or nio announce they parternering with nkla and stonks go red
TLDR?
Don’t worry, I can tell you’re too retarded to own any intelligent investment.
This green dildo reminds me of how green NIO in the matrix sees
[deleted]
NIO is more annoying of a WSB meme stock than SLV, PRPL, and Corn gang combined
Hear me out: portfoNIO
Lower.
[deleted]
>cereal

classic midwesterner dialect (Aldi -> Aldis, Meijer -> Meijers etc) xD
Im holding my shares but i dumped half of my calls, reloading on IV crush / dip. If it gaps up or whatever ill just let my position ride (may/nov calls)
[deleted]
I need to know you guys will be in NIO with me..
How’d that work out genuinely curious
Bout tree fiddy
Ye, plug has been a good stock since 5 years ago
[removed]
[removed]
Duh
Until the sec is finished with the investigation
# put - call ratio on SPY today is 2.017. Do what you can with this info
and shows you don't belong here
Ban
Why would it dip?

Everyone knows that corona is going away in a couple of years and markets are forward looking.
44
[half of the sub is in this picture ](https://www.reddit.com/r/cursedcomments/comments/jshz42/cursed_morgue/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&utm_term=link)
Nothing. Just a cluster fuck of retards circle jelqing to the death of their accounts
[removed]
Value rotation is the new meme?
Let’s fucking gooooooo tech green idgaf everything else red reverse of what happened Monday we got our revenge tech bois 💰🚀
[deleted]
It's evil Bill Ackman on LSD
Normally they just tack it on to existing debt. Pay them with a CC etc.
Dude probably lives in Nebraska
420
This got me ☠️
Thanks for clearing that up
Nice Inviting Options

Nutting Inside Obesity

Nobody Is Orange

Now I Orgasm

Next Idiot Orphan

Nearly In Oregon
Puts on my lifelong friend, putting down my cat tomorrow. Portfolio up 9% today but I’m still seeing all red
Who the fuck is Mango?
NIO-Niggas In Options
[removed]
Pronunciation. I like in "nine"
I got instant anxiety reading this
going long together
I work with capex at a large health system and can confirm reqs for freezers are coming in.
ZM down so I can ride the train
Guys what do you see Nio opening at? Be honest
Probably a gen z autist just starting out
What did you profit if u don’t mind me asking
Lol, I 11.5p 11/13. Can't have a brain with balls as big as I have!
“When”

Good luck timing that shit and only that shit.
SPY 375 EOW
stop eating cereal its just human dog food
So tomorrow
Yeah avocados there are really cheap too
ok but why
Projection 😂🤡 settled funds is not a market basic, I have plenty of funds 😉 it did not impact my trading what so ever in other words it has nothing to do with trading. Looks like permabulls gonna be just fine tomorrow, have fun getting burnt
I've also heard talk of such things
Is your friend name Trever?
Honestly why do you think that? Their financials  look good and they are selling EVs to an enormous country with a huge smog problem.  No company, even Tesla, can take the entire market. Also I don’t see a reason that a Chinese company would suffer in a Biden economy.  

What’s the big question mark here?
I bought in at 2.20, sold it all for a tiny profit at 2.30 or so, then got anxious when it started breaking 3, bought again at 3.45 and been holding since. Close to 1200% return so far. Only bought 100 shares tho, kinda kicking myself for not getting more but no point crying over spilled milk, still a nice chunk of dough.
BILL NIOye THE SCIENCE GUY 👦
[deleted]
Calls on your anus getting cocked every day
Everybody was basically jerking themselves off until earning season, those were the times.
They fuckin got us again bears
[deleted]
BYND to the moon wtf
YOLO Puts on $MANGO 1/20
My broke ass 1x spy 357 call is liking this V shape recovery.
Tesla 350 EOW
[removed]
Someone’s salty
WeBull is one
Need Zm down
Nio only goes up
not until its full. you throw it our everyday. And thats why you get the scented baby wipes. And get a trash can with a lid.
Going to make my gf say NIOOOOOOOHHHH when this shit hits to 50.
Did you call and get a lower rate?
Don’t ask, just buy calls
Seriously its been 3 days straight of nonstop NIO
Nobody knows if a stock is gonna go up, down, sideways or in fucking circles, least of all stock brokers, right?
to vahalla we ride

AMZN, BABA, PTON to the moon
Bidet you fucking savage
I've like WeBull, but they don't let you do as many degenerate things with options.
The 100 shares you mention he can buy if it does reach 100, is that a standard amount or can it be like 50 shares etc..
Wait, have we travelednin time back to July?
It takes 2-3 days before you can initiate withdrawal
[removed]
Weather forecast says after the cloudy week there's a Blue Sky Coming
You didn’t see it?
Past your bedtime.
Just means they grow together 🥰
I’m terrified to keep holding PLTR because I think it’s gonna go up and I’m retarded
MM and GM will scare the weak hands and squeeze em
Chinese friend of mine told me he saw Nio cars rolling of a hill or some shit.
Magic spoon is $10 a box
Chinese Tesla
It’s NIOing
Care to share your cost basis?
Are u joking? This stock only goes up
Theta gang likes this comment
This.
where
I haven't paid a dollar towards $40,000+ loans for the past 15 years and none of that has happened though.
[deleted]
Not today bear
It was down 10% yesterday on Hong Kong exchange lol
I bought 10 May 20c a few days ago just when it started to take off. I think I'll hold and see thru ER, if it drops I'll add more to my options.
Xi spanked Ma real good
I don’t think the spike up beyond ATH was for no reason. I personally think it’s going to keep going up.
Dude I agree there’s way too many - HAY DID YOU HEAR ABOUT NIO HOLY SHIT
[deleted]
NIO and IV are bestfriends. BEWARE
What’s happening with nio
NIO $69.69 EOW IMAGINE BEING A BEAR
[deleted]
We can be harmoNIOus or feloNIOus...your call
Which indices is going to get Green first? Nasdaq/dow/s&p All rushing back, my bet is on the Dow.
My whole portfolio is NIO, so checkmate
Lol had to be thorough
I forget the ticker, haven't seen it in here enough
Imagine getting scared and pulling out like a weenie
You win hands down 🥇
Would love another green day ngl
And still make more money than all other brokers combined.
By Friday
Markets not worried about covid they said
It’s NIO
Fucking love aldis. Box of cereal is like 1.25
Guess what? Its not 2014-2019, its 2020. Get with the times boomer!!
[deleted]
What were the markets like before the pandemic and political unrest? Was it just constant easy mode?
Guys ffs. The shorter your time frame the more you're playing against bots scalping those tiny movements. How many well defined zero sum games do we have that bots haven't beaten us on? Yeah, that's right, none (chess, dota, starcraft, and finance for a long time now)
Also looks like retards here have already accepted Tesla's valuation
Which one
V-shaped recovery straight up ber asshoe
So what is this NIO that I've been hearing such good things about?
Usually, but there's ways around this too. Technical programs ex-US frequently don't have much of a bullshit class requirement.

For me this was a big reason why I went to Canada to study engineering rather than stay in the US. No gen ed requirements, placed out of the single course 'humanities' requirement on an AP exam, and only had to take 1 random unrelated class in environmental science to get a B.Eng.
Position or ban. You ain't wsb if you make money on boomer trash.
“NIO”
But why though? I just checked Kellog’s financial results and they’re actually having declining revenues. Does management think their product is inelastic? It’s fucking cereal, why should honey loops cost as much as salmon.
Bear trap over?
And like, what do they think the bank is doing with their money? Because it's certainly not sitting in a vault somewhere...
What the hell happened to PDS is it a glitch or did I just make 15k
Yes, I agree. It's not my cup of tea, probably. Thank you for the recommendation. I was higher last year and took out 10k or so.
Using LinkedIn to do did🤯 youre a wizard wtf
#imagine staying in the market during the second obvious mega coronavirus dip, deeper than the first dip, when looking back in 10 years
Haha I’m holding calls for APHA, CARS, and NOK so I’m starting to get nervous
NIO GET rekt PM
I have ZM puts so I'm hoping it's not covid related
You have one of those in your house? You just throw shit wipes away and store them until it’s full? That’s gross as fuck.
Is it NEO or nye-oh
It was a brisk winter morning, the sun weakly radiating, and a piercing wind swept along the abandoned freeway I found myself on. It was becoming evermore difficult to stay warm.

 I had torn apart a PRPL mattress with the hopes of insulating my jacket, but to no one's surprise it failed me miserably. It almost felt as if I was getting colder the longer I kept it on. 

There was no way I'd make it past 15 minutes in these conditions. My body felt weak, it was in need of a stimulus of some kind, but wishful thinking would get me nowhere. I accepted my fate, and let my body hit the ground. It felt nice... relaxing almost. My eyes began to close, and I was okay with it. 

As I felt myself slipping away, a low rumble of the asphalt awoke me. I could tell it was a vehicle approaching, but it felt like nothing I had known before. Before I knew it, it was pulled up beside me and the doors swung open. Xi Jinping stood quiet, only nodding in satisfaction while signaling me to join him. I hesitantly hopped in, surprised by the luxury car interior. 

I began to fade again, but before I did he said "It's nice isn't it? It's a NIO, don't forget it. NIO saved you. Now it's your turn to save NIO.... Calls... load up on calls. No gay bear shit. Literally can't go tits up".
Rumor: NIO hired a Bangladesh click farm to comment on WSB to shill NIO
green dildo
GE and CL
Yes, ban everyone who is going to make this sub a shitload of money, bears tried to inverse today and got their assholes ripped apart
Is there a NIO bot?
Spectrum Broadband, aka Charter, aka CHTR? BUY CHTR? YES!
The rumor everyone is talking about
Nice Inviting Options
I sold my plug calls today for a profit but Robinhood is saying I can’t withdraw the money and send it into my bank account. How long do I gotta wait for it to settle ?
This shit about to go green ain't it
Can you guys shut the fuck up about that Chinese EV company holy shit
Knx idiots
Don't know. Market Is rigged as fuck
Hay Nio bears. Suck my big phat NIO
I see what you did there.
Yellowstone conservation project begging bulls to please keep at least some bears alive before wiping them extinct
Lol
thats why you throw em out in the designated baby wipe trash can
My og comment isn’t even real, I stole someone else’s comment that had zoom and switched it to nio to see the freak out, and it payed off
Omg this
Green dildo
OIN
Mindgeek*
😭
Calls and expiring worthless
But even before that, you never once except for a brief moment broke above your initial investment. Please, I know this is a shit posting sub, but go to a broker for help with investing and have them do it. This looks like you might have a serious gambling problem. This isn't a small amount of money to lose no matter what income you have. I am not trying to demean you, but this isn't healthy and your investing strategy has not been successful. Please don't bankrupt yourself or throw away more money trying to get back to your initial level, it won't happen on your own.
No it’s active wage garnishment
presidentially
hey retard, you made mistake again by comparing 2020 NIO numbers with 2019 Tesla numbers........
pretty exciting tbh
Let's make that money.

Macaronio and cheese
If they’re paid off with unsecured debt then it doesn’t matter. Yes the student loans roll over, but the 50k+ personal loan you take out doesn’t.
I literally died
Something about a pandemic and record high covid hospitalizations? I dunno I'm jacked to the tits in calls.
Biden's giving me a free 50k that's going all in on $SPY calls
Tech bulls we RIDE AGAIN.
[deleted]
Holy shit, someone tell me these Nq futures are safe. I’m loaded to tits with nio and apple weeklies and if there green tomorrow I’m chillen. Fuck you gay bears
Mods need to get together and collectively ban all these NIO retards. Go on, be NIO Nazis.
Until you clog your plumbing/septic system. They say they are flushable but they really aren’t.
People don't understand its priced in
“What type of car I need to attract a woman with a shave down below?”

Dealer: “That would be a NIO. Or a hummer.”
Awww now its all NIO. I miss corn gang.
aren't we all
If you think NIO is gonna be flat you’re retarded. We are dumping or pumping
[deleted]
All these acrimoNIOus comments are so opiNIOnated, sheesh.
this is my entire portfolio
boy. Baby@!@@@
What you trying to say here
Don’t bet against Tech!
I am a bot.
It was a joke
shop at aldis
Get burned !
Yup, retards being retards
nah it’s at a fair value if we thinking long term down the road in like 3 years but yea you right just want to not get fucked tomorrow.
Did you say NIO? I’m in
We *are* the market
Which future is nio related which since it’s a China stock
[deleted]
NIO NIO BOBIO BANNA FANNA FOFIO ME MY MY MIO! NIO!
Stock goes up and down. NIO goes up.
Ah it’s possible, but I have about a YoY $1600 loss I’m still trying to crawl out of.
Buy calls further out and sell before theta erodes it too much.
Who’s ready for another 500% TSLA rally?
So calls on $tan??
I would sell my ass behind Wendys for some more NIO
You have just encapsulated the motto of WSB with your PLTR trade.
LMAOOO UR LIKE 18 WITH A 1K PORTFOLIO STFU PUSSY. YOU DONT UNDERSTAND MARKET BASICS N EXPECT TO MAKE MONEY LMAOOOOO I HOPE U LOSE ALL UR MONEY DUMB FUCK CLOWN
Nasdaq: fighting!
CARR from what I've read seems like the best play
This is crazy time. Tonite gonna be lit as heck. Oh wait more flatness. Theta wins again.
I heard they are sending a car to space ahead of earnings.
Thanks bb
# NQ futures mooning
AMD and MU
u/wsbvotebot
Meow you listen here...
Weren't they going out of business???
Sell two 11/13/20 $17 C's

Worst case #1 they smash earnings and you walk away with $3540+ (as it'll be higher tomorrow than today) and 50 shares as the stock climbs to $24.

Worst case #2 they miss earnings and it drops to $13, but you have $140+ back.

Best case - earnings are close it rises to $17 and you make $140+ and still have all your shares.
News leaked from r/conspiracy about the New International Order
[deleted]
Did you know that if a stock is going down, all you have to do is wish for it to go up and spam it on here a thousand times and then twelve hail marys? Crazy trick I know, but it works.
Phalic
I love this sub

Idiots, all of us.
It means OP thinks that NIO will reach $100 a share by expiration of the call option in January 2021. If it does, he can either exercise that option and purchase 100 shares of stock at that locked in price, or he can sell the option which should have also risen in value. Or not. Apparently there are Greek people who aren’t very nice that might steal his gains.

If it doesn’t reach $100 by that date the option will expire worthless and OP will have to suck dick for a living.
Can say the same! This community needs a lot more effort-posts like these, and much more less stupid ass fucking DEAD memes that get zero upvotes and 64 hate comments
You just missed the train dude
Next time be smarter then you think you are
Why has cereal become so ridiculously expensive?
Rotate out of tech into other tech. Rinse repeat.
I have 352p and 345p exp december
Bidets, you neanderthals
[link](https://youtu.be/i8a3gjt_Ar0)
Instant delivery? Like Ubereats?
didn’t realize this many retards are ACTUALLY using their student loans to gamble on stonks
Read this, read the tweet, open app, see GIANT red candle on BABA. Very cool.
AMD’s new sister company announced. It’s ticker symbol will be SMD and NIO investors will get first dibs on the action.
Tech is going green
Why is America the richest country on earth? Because we don’t take lunch breaks or have siestas! 😂
Lyft dropped like a rock after the IPO. It would be bad business to be invested in that outcome
Kidneys are worth around $15k usd in India (where it’s legal to sell them). So, there’s that.
Amazing that you haven’t learned a thing in all that time.
I said it before and I’ll say it again TECH 🚀 🌙
Alexa play “Nio Moon by Brooks and Dunn”
You my friend underestimate AAPL's ability for max pain on the slightest red day.
tech is fighting back like wolverine.
still under 25. there are funds that only buy in when it gets under 25, ive been told
Was holding calls and sold them last week. Didn’t realize it popped
It’s up 3% on Hong Kong exchange. Also singles day did welll
Yes. Also Dynatrace - DT
Is all this NIO spamming causing the algos to buy up tech futures?
Algos, do this
Employees selling != sustained, significant stock price decrease

But you do you, retard
Name a better pair than NIO and PLTR
Wow you’re so cool with your fake tweet shill posts. Someone ban this loser.
PLTR: Please Let This Run
A P&D even at 715% growth over the past year?
Love it
I can’t wait to see this kid on an episode of “where are they now” 15 years down the road
Stock went down on that news
Oh god plz stop
CHADSDAQ is back boys!
Oh damn. JD always the forgotten step sister.
Bro you’re out here editing presidential tweets?
I got QCOM and DUK so not too worried if i lose out a bit
These buNIOns on my feet are killing me
Lol
NIO fuck my wife and her bf, I don’t care
How is this a pump?
[deleted]
I just picture the guy who sees the alto alert putting a stop to this. Inverse this…
I’ve been shorting JD from top. Actually had a dream about JD. In the dream JD hit $99 with a trail of green. I flip direction yesterday. Last time I had a dream it was BYND last year. I made $40k off bynd earnings that year.
That’s not how it works.  If I buy stonks abroad in the LSE, HKEX, or SGX (which all have stamp taxes) I pay the local transaction taxes, not US transaction taxes.  Doesn’t matter if I’m based in the US or not because the SEC has no authority abroad.
Vix up pretty high to only be little red. This might dump
Are your parents Amish lol
Do they hate tendies in other parts of the world?
This singles day sucked... it was an 11 day event compared to literally 1-2 days before
baby wipes > toilet paper
Nio you show me a price target for 60, and I’ll quit my job right now and work for you.
Just got back from the Wendy’s drive thru. They asked if I wanted to try their new special burger. I told her no thanks, I just want oNIOn rings
I dont know i just have a gut feeling itll drop again before flinging back up. 

&#x200B;

So uppies or downies
Depends on state. States like california yes
You can't spell jOe bIdeN without NIO.
Thinkin bout starting a uNIOn.
Tech slangin that dick like it doesn't give a solitary fuck about your real world problems.
Yeah. What's the site?
Just do stop limit man...
Any reason we might be red tomorrow or is it just bouncing off that triple top?
The NiHole - Wyoming
There’s NIO way I’m losing money this week
[deleted]
No nio. I'm trying to tell you that when you're ready, you won't have to.
I know the bullies are mean son, their words hurt. But typing on WSB behind a keyboard in all caps will never make you a real man  😂🤡not sure how what you’re saying relates to trading ability what so ever
Keep talking about NIO is help tech future turn green which help NIo to 50. ;)
Nio please fuck my wife
Will probably be on sale at Best Buy for $250 on Black Friday. Interesting purchase and money management skills. Hope you find a job.
MANGO supports nio?!?!?! With Us and China backing nio... screw $60 my tp just increased to $120
It’s a thing in Oregon
Where do you see NIO futures? Also. Not a scam. This shit should be 300 by EOY dude. It’s barely a tenth the size of Tesla
Damn, this cat.. I just woke up at 5am for work, watched that video for the 10000nd time and I'm as happy as I can ever be
What? Bankers absolutely care about the stock price when a company IPOs and Greenshoe to keep it above the offer price.
Calls on me still getting laid
Your mom is overextended on my shaft
I don’t think current TSLA are 100% aluminum lol ESP model 3 which is the cheap one. I think cyber truck is the one that’s supposed to be all aluminum. 

Go google it man. I’ve been in TSLA Facebook pages for like 2 years now and I see people bitching about it on a weekly basis.

I would be pretty pissed too if I bought a $60-100k car and the paint is already peeling off the day I bought it 🤷🏾‍♂️
🤞🤞 https://twitter.com/CNBC/status/1326756761341222915

Baba about to fucking print for people.
QUICK! BACK TO TECH STOCKS EVERYONE!
Ill come wherever the fuck I want, on your magazine, on your walls, everywhere
That’s why you sell at the open
Did I just say 7 percent ? Where r “nio futures”
Scientists from Antarctica discovered a new dinosaur; completely intact. Scientists were electrified. 

Species name: Nioappawsbsaurus
This happens way to fucking much. Are you watching me?
Please, don't waste our time with this.
FAKE NEWS
Niowhere to be found
That's just like, your opiNIOn, man
NIO Train or FOMO!
Think that’s a thing in Cali
It was leaked on a private Chinese website, do you have a VPN?
Pretty sure this guy is actually retarded irl
GRËĘN BŸŒPEN
Pretty much, I am sure. Computers LOVE to filter me out. I don’t even get interviews. 🙃
🤣
Join us brüther
and since it was based in Holland they were like you are a ***achterlijk.***
Show us your position
XPEV gang
Loose
NIO
Never owned anything nio related, I just like to watch you retards sperg at some random comment without even checking
One more word about NIO then I'll kill this kitty!

Fuck....help...help!!!
This Kitty can KungFu!...
Pulling up to my high school reuNIOn in a Nio Metro.
I know this is a bot but i laughed at this
MANGO JUST TWEETED ON NIO! NIO TO THE MOON
It was at 95 a week ago, my baby SE went from 185 to 155 back to 170
Ha got ‘em!
Gonna take a quick 6 hour nap.

100% expecting VIX to get crushed by the time I wake up
No, you're literally a towel.
I didn’t get CommuNIOn at church this week
[removed]
[deleted]
Is Marijuana home delivery legal?
Where'd you get the source at?
I have 10 $12.5 puts expiring Friday, I'm selling at pre-earnings crash
you mean 151 ?
Imagine not being in Chinese EVs right now
Ok these NIO futures levels cant stay this high without some insider trading. 7.1%? Rigged as fuck, I have calls but that’s nuts and probably won’t hold til market open
Why all the nio clowns start freaking out about futures then i will check them
Tech will be the only thing that is green everything else blood red
PLTR just *feels* different man..
There's a reason premium is low. Shit doesn't move
I’m all-in for a serious DD thread and a shitpost/meme thread.
Did MANGO JUST TWEET NIO TO THE MOON?
Tf. How does an aluminum car rust lmao
Call me NIOstradamus
You guys are such miNIOns.
Why are so many people talking about nio rn
I really didn’t need that ruined for me
Wdym they’re still red
Why u doubt dkng
[deleted]
20%+ growth in a month ?
[deleted]
Put $4k into this stock at about $4/share earlier this year. Cashed out when it passed $10.

Company was always a short term hold. Its going bankrupt eventually. The premise of this business can't work in the future.
Just the sheer "Fuck off" applied to a certain Communist EV company reminds me of the feeling of the TSLA fanbois losing it.
What happening?
Yeah, well, that’s just like your opiNIOn, man.
Where is the FVAC love?
yea especially with the ccp NIO stock can get sniped easily
Virgen well enDOWed vs tiny dick Chadsdaq
Honestly NIO 80c 12/31
Guys he said it
Supply & demand. It’s ridiculous now since mgm is closed for the degenerate gamblers
Is this the oNIOn?
You are absolutely right. SOmething has to change and, in this Redditor's opinion, it's at the government level. Stop guaranteeing loans, allow kids to declare bankruptcy, and put college loans back in the hands of private companies like banks. Student loan interest rates will climb, student loans will dry up, college tuition will come down, and we'll find a nice equilibrium. There are no examples of government welfare programs that aren't exploited by some private or commercial entity. Get out of that business.
That it’s a pump and dump dog shit company
This... is where you went wrong.
NIO.com
Bruh I'll be happy to just break even at this point
Not that I have any idea of what i am talking about but wouldn't you divide by 5 since NIO is pre-boom?
NIO FUCKS BEARS UNTIL THEY CRy
Sir, this is a casino.

I bet the folks in r/investing are missing you?
Have you seen Webull's generated support and resistance graphs? Just slap em anywhere.
Why??
CUM CUM BY FRANK OCEAN FEATURING PLAYBOI CARTI

STREAM IT NOW
I literally have been thinking about this all day. It never hurts to rebuy later to have other plays, but this is one of the few holdings I would hold long. Been sweaty on this too 😆
Ahhh guys the futures are doing things 🚨
[deleted]
I had my personal risk tolerance on the amount of leverage I can use wrong. I could have added more.

But it was also the first fucking thing I saw and I closed my phone and went to sleep and thought "fucking Chinese stocks." 

Why do I think China stocks go down? Why? Every time they go back up.... Ccp sanctioned stock must moon....
they’re never getting cheaper — vol is here to stay
Papa Elon abandoned us. NIO has shown us de way
>Real-Time Stock Indices Futures  
>  
>[https://markets.businessinsider.com/premarket](https://markets.businessinsider.com/premarket)
HK opens at us post market close, and us open at HK market close. So if the day at HK ends falling, us will open lower
Meh. The sub has changed when RH gave options to everyone.

4 years ago the YOLOs had way more DD.

But there was also garbage biotech pumps. And the language was very ... colorful. 

Most people probably don’t even know what FD stands for. It’s Friday Dinner with stonk market tendies.
Funny thing is... My resistance for red is 34. You line up logically, but this is a meme. So unless you are factoring all the irrelevant data in you won't see what is actually happening. It's a dumpster bubble but she won't pop till 100-125.
Going to
who knew drawing lines nowadays makes you look 10x smarter
Yeah lots of TSLA cars have came with rust already forming underneath paint w/ paint bubbling and chipping off on delivery day.

This has been a known problem for years
PLTR 📈
Look what I just found: https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/forj16/the_physical_manifestation_of_diamond_hands_every/flgzwwl

Mods?
Options were so cheap last year compared to this year.
10k shares @ $30

bears are gay and mad
Tsla partnered with nio, not surprised
You guys are such nio’s. That right I said the n word
are ya winnin son
[deleted]
NIO FLAMETHROWERS!!!  🔥🔥🔥🔫
Big green dildo on chasdaq
Whoever started this NIO shitfest FUCK YOU
Yea it can either go up or down
Okay mr investor
Post positions.
Hello Bill Ackman. Please stock manipulating the market.
Don’t have positions for this stock
Dude says he doesn’t have a job yet buys a $1500 tv 🤡
ccl pulled back this week 23%
I'll be happy as I'm going maximum aut on RIDE for a few weeks.
You type like a fucking 12 year old who got his juice box taken away from me

It’s called a short squeeze you dingus
Yea I joined wsb in 2018, what about you?
/NQ up 1% by market open
I know we joke but putting Nio in your retirement accounts and thinking it’s going to last 30 years is pure retardation.
Aight all this talk about Nio is gonna make me buy Nio. Then it will tank 80% instantly and be delisted next day. Be prepared!
Quentin TarantiNio
[deleted]
Nio it
This guy.  Why look at futures when you can already see the future.  Also NIO.
Tesla paint rusts?
I wish there was a meme thread, so we could filter out NIO or RKT or PRPL or whatever overhyped bullshit is happening that week.
SPY puts are $ $ $ tomorrow
What indicators do you see that it will?
Why did you choose it in the first place?
NIO is guaranteed money
Rip in peace
And nuclear energy is also just fancy thermal power generation lol
Looks like two seahorses kissing
Yeah I also bought calls on an over-reaction play
Been gone all day. What’s the sentiment in here, NIO going up or down tomorrow?
So buy foreign stocks like Nio?
Bear Thesis: RH retards will sell before black Friday then again in Christmas. Panic will set in in January due to this along with Biden presidency.
[deleted]
Is nio really launching a team on mars? Crazy
San AntoNio
I have pltr leaps, diamond hands if you’re not greedy
[deleted]
If I hear one more thing about NIO I’m gonna

YOLO MY BANK INTO NIO
If anyone’s feeling down about losing money, remember that Nikola lost billions and will continue to do so until they are bankrupt.
Uuuuuuuuuh nobody tell him
[removed]
Poaitions or ban
QQQ is safe like SPY but they aint afraid to include tsla because QQQ aint managed by a bunch of boomer pussies that love oil and dont understand how computers synthesize tendies.
The start of the best novel ever
Donald trump and MelaNio
I’ll trade you a rare $2 Canadian bill for it (non halo graphic)
If they got Pinterest that would be a good way for them to market their shit. There was talks of a vaxart Amazon buyout a couple months ago but that never happened so who knows about pinterest
Wtf is this shit ? ban !!!! Ban !!!!
JD because earnings are this upcoming Monday
To be fair there were people saying the same here, one echo chamber to the next
I’m exercising them at expiration. Why would IV affect me if I’m exercising?
I got 100 shares and sold a covered call a few bucks up because I'm theta gang
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO is a crapshoot go play blackjack ffs
We don’t do that here cucklord
R&D project with old TSLA project management team
Ahhh yes, the ole autist affirmations... 🧑🏻‍🦼 get it!
Nikola Tesla ever the show man held up the NIO lights and with a flip of the switch, a bright glow emerged. The crowd quiet to this point, sighed, then clapped while standing and cheering. The NIO lights glowed like lasers in dazzling colors.
bullrfuk
[deleted]
I wouldn't be surprised if it's down 3% today
You know that solid green bar that happened at like 6:42AM on the vaccine news morning? That sort of stuff scares the shit out of me. Like canoeing into a rogue wave.
Calls on every gosh-darn EV and solar stock and puts on all casinos and entertainments. See you on the other side bitches.
I may be drunk I may be retarded I maybe just watched a documentary about Snowden and I may be leveraged to the tits on pltr but I ain't fucking selling until after earnings
[deleted]
Why???
Yung Quant does
China EV industry > futures
I mean that's a decent drop from where it's at
All this nio makes me want to sell it tomorrow. The dump after this pump is gonna be bad and I will get back in then 

RIP all my fellow call holders 😔
They gonna get shortsqueezed to oblivion
[removed]
Hk follows US
You know Wendy’s 4 for $4 is a really good deal
Apparently. It's like those seagulls in Finding Nemo
MES cuz im poor yeah
Honestly man I’ve started to really hate futures lately, including Sunday night’s when everyone sold before the weekend anyways
I don’t NIO
We ever gonna limit down again or nah?
 S C A R E D   F A G G O T
My thought is that your a simp who can't use Google and did not post positions
Neva sellin
Why?
Don’t trade off hopes and feelings.

No way it goes close to your strike. You chased momentum and lost
Lol you could blow all my gains out of the water with one good options trade, man! Wishing you all the best.
I'm like 95% sure nobody here is actually looking at futures of any kind.  They're making shit up.
BIG NEWS
At least I looked at a chart before selling my wife's boyfriend's frenchie
I'm down 22% today,  14% yesterday
Please tell me what he's coloring....

It's obviously better than what I'm doing
Does BABA in HK market follow the US market? Or the other way round? I’d like to think there’s no relation, but curious to know if there’s any. 🤔
lemonparty.org
That's my hope. Preferably closer to that 119 so I can buy my sells back and then sell the same shit for the next week friday
Maybe. But it’ll bounce right back if it does
ce cock
Triple top on spy 🐻
Rule #1: Never press the All button
[deleted]
kono NIO da
[deleted]
"Uhhhh yeah it'll probably go up"
What is going on with NIO? any news??
Why do you ask??
Eyeballs
Buying Tesla
Real-Time Stock Indices Futures
 
google it
Bears like beets
blood red ? Jk probably 112 or sub 110
Pershing Square Holdings ($PSHZF) is up 52.8% YTD my friend
[removed]
ArseNio Hall
Buy at open and sell at 11am? Or let it tank at 8:45-10am and buy calls and hold til EOD?
Crystal ball
**Yeezy voice**
GME gang going to eat happy
Start IPO
Say you are an EV company
People will buy it anyway
Welcome to the gulag
You missed your chance this morning
Guys stop talking about that shit Chinese stock. Anyways did YOU HEAR ABOUT NIO GOING UP AND EATING DUMB BEARS ALIVE
always has been
Lol a 22 dated call, what a simp
Same. I know if I bought a PS5 I wouldn't play it. Nothing excites me on their launch list or even games releases in short term.
I got 4 of them, King. PM me a 10 bagger and I'll give you two for the low.
Did I miss something about NIO? Any news drop?
... Hell yeah
What is happening?
What do you guys use to look at futures
Noob

Investors

Obliterated

This too shall pass.
Thank you for stating what my futures show. Appreciate it. But imma need qqq to Bomb while amzn miraculously rockets mkay thanks
We on the same cause that hurt my head
Kodak ex execs sold stock options they didn’t own. Will this have any effect on their stock?
Premature mooning
I picked the wrong 40ish dollar stock. I should've gone NIO, but went DKNG instead. I already regret this.
Positions or ban
Cock tease 113-119 until theta drains your balls
I wheeled it a while back but left it alone after it broke into the 20s, not touching it unless it stays within a range for a month or 2 at least
NIO will sell off pretty badly if XPEV and LI don’t blow earnings away. Which...they won’t??
Which is higher, the people shilling for NIO or the people talking about how the people shilling for NIO are fucked 🧐😳
Haven't seen any shilling tonight.
Well I know it’s in good hands. Good luck on those yolos
I'm sorry for your loss. And mine too.
Anybody fuck with /ES?
Grandma: *Buys SQ on my rec because the readers are cute*

Grandpa: *Buys MO on my rec cause divys and heaters*
why because its legit?
After making millions off NIO we will build one MASSIVE NIO yacht filled with autist
Nice! I know you might be happy with yourself a bit today after a decent $2.18 gain today. Made the 11/13 $85c jump from $1.60 yesterday to $3.33 today.
$PLTR is the future and our line in the sand. If you gay bears touch Palantir, we will fuckk you up!
SJU?
MASSACRE ALL NIO 🌈🐻 AT OPEN
AntoNio Banderas.
They don't have drops every day because after the company IPOs the bank doesn't care about the stock price anymore. They make money doing the IPO itself
Solar is basically nuclear fusion, prove me wrong
then I can't get new titles, right
[deleted]
Dang yeah hopefully it moons soon
*SEC OPEN UP*
Positions or ban
Future rotating 100% to NIO.
HHbbBbbrbrbbrbrbr
Oh really? Like I didn't fucking know already? Thanks...
WSB can single handedly move a stock with 300m volume 

We are just one big institution
Was the opposite a few hours ago
This has been so true lately.

Too many green days.
🐢
Looking for swing trade opportunities. Which stocks calls to buyyyy this week !
Euh wtf did Tech just wake up LOL
Feel like NIO has some Chinese hackers on here now .. rip wsb
Very observant
I didn’t have any buying power left in my RH. I have 9 350s and 1 355, I sold shares of FSR at a loss in my TDA account but apparently the cash needs to settle before I can buy options again so it didn’t let me lmao. Hope we keep going down and open at least -1%
Been a while since I’ve seen the Gecko Gang flair
Fck mine looks the exact same.. Was so much better with a bigger capital but now I sweat when it opens - $200 lol
Get at me bruh, side ways til earnings, breakout depends on nio fulfilment. Using tesla's sales data as an indicator. Nio (netflix + cars) vs tesla (Uber + cars). Batteries don't mean shit when there is no enforcement of copyright by commies.
I hope the fan isn't like a boeing plane
Nio bears are hilariously confident lmao
Again?
NIO needs to dump - not because I have puts but because of all the shilling happening here
Vegas
Nasdaq futures are only down 0.35% while Dow futures are down 0.70%.
What’s tomorrow’s morning investing.com market narrative gonna be? “Markets slip as bill ackman fucks Bull from behind”
Yep, they got Elon high as shit and he signed the company over.  NIO 500 EOW
Take her to pound town and accept the consequences of your actions
[deleted]
[removed]
Seriously, you can only make money buying underlying shares on this
It’s fake dumpers trying to save their -99% puts bro. These guys are hilariously desperate. Just laugh at them and keep scrolling. 

PS: to NIO put holders, I read that adding an egg to your TopRamen helps convince you you’re not living under a bridge.
AntoNio Brown
No please today was flat enough
I’m afraid that’s true... it’s still overvalued tho it was a knee jerk
Aapl eow predictions?
This shit going to push NIO to 55 Pre-Market, only to crash to 35 at 6am
OK GOOD LUCK WITH UR 1K PORTFOLIO MR. WHY DIDNT MY FUNDS SETTLE ON A HOLIDAY. IM SURE YOULL BE MORE SUCCESSFUL DUMBFUCK CLOWN LMAOOOOO
I’m actually being serious rn, if XPEV does well tomorrow on ER, the EV market is gonna pump and we could see a rotation into EV stocks. Like NIO lmao. This is like Christmas Eve
Sounds like something a Back Office drone would say. You sure she’s in IB?
Must be all the nuts
I never saw it as available?
Nah there needs to be some change to the way things work. Our higher education system has become a front for the loans and endowments.
🙏
[deleted]
If you didn't buy NIO at the dip you missed out.
Laaaaaaa Laaa La... wait till I get my PS5
Is this for NIO?
https://www.scmp.com/economy/china-economy/article/3109391/chinas-coronavirus-recovery-continues-car-sales-rise-seventh
*Make Vol Great Again*
this is ribrary
Yeah, if it wasn't apparent, I have a surface level idea of what I am talking about, Every point you made makes more concrete sense than my ramblings. Happy it coincides but I am being a bit too harsh on this chinese stock.
[deleted]
Far as I can tell people are regurgitating 2019 news on NIO about recalls and lawsuits and acting like it's fresh off the presses.
It's everywhere, dawg. This is my favorite example 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFzrB-lo9k8
Nio gonna get that Shortsqueeze ?
[deleted]
That seems a bit steep
Just day trade spy puts tomorrow lol not that hard
NIO hosting an event called battery day
Cuz gamestonk
[deleted]
Chevy
Keanu Reaves played the best version of NIO don't at me
[deleted]
Sir this is a NIO dealership
I have no calls nor puts
Robinhood should give option calls for getting 
my autist friends to sign up.
You probably have mold in your house
N I O peace the face. Nio pizza face
Nah I wasn’t saying you did, was saying futures is going down. And yeah but idk, futures have been a good indicator the past week of where we open (red or green) so I’m hoping today is the reversal day
Nio-Nazi I'm not. Nio-stock I am
Man all this fucking NIO bulls are really making me think about buying puts before ER. Watch it fucking tank
BLOOD GREEEEEEN BY OPEN
The sell off of value stocks as covid rages will be epic
I remember getting burned trying to short the mouse back in March. But for small plays I don’t mind betting against them! 

Here’s to the tendie!
Stfu about NIO with its shitty ass 100000000000% IV
You morons are still on about NIO?
correction incoming
Bullish
Same, got out with ok profit, now is wait and see time.
Truffle shuffle into tech
Tomorrow will be red as fuck, hate to a be a fucking bear but bill ackman short the financial sector i will do the same
That would tank the markets....be careful what you wish for
Looking for buying some calls tomorrow . Any good recommendations for weekly swing trade??


Thnaks
Big Time!!!!! YOLO
Dude I bought more puts at close
Your calls fuk, retard
Is this a Chinese car subreddit now?
Ford
Why
I’ll just tell my imaginary girlfriend that VIX is the reason I can’t get it up
^^^Technicallyitsamotornotanengine
Green by open at this rate
I did similar. Bought 2k in qqq puts, got nervous bought 2 3200 AMZN calls for 1k each. EOD amzn printed and I was hoping for that to continue :(
Lmao. Imagine trying to use fake news to save your puts. Enjoy losing your entire bank account.
A doctorate degree will get to 200k student loan pretty quick.
**remember: If you blow up your account you can always invent some bullshit rating system and sell worthless coins to boomers on an infomercial.**
Link?
*Rotation*
Burn it down
Nah. 360 by open
No, it went up to 50
Fucking trying not
Her name is NIO and she dances on the sand!
Put sellers rejoice
That's enough of this thread for tonight. Too many gynese car company spammers
Coming Friday
He prolly vibin mad hard in cat heaven then
[deleted]
What is ps5 and does it have nio
always keep the rhythm below the belt, you need to do it at least 2 times a day, cmon man
Just uninstsll the app and create a new account it all goes away and you start over at 0 duh!
NIObody cared about me until I went balls deep in NIO
Why do I have allergies in November
NIO is son new softbank vision investment.
Rotation started when BA started tanking today .... futures are continuing that trend. Dow down nasdick up that’s they way I like to fuck calls
0. It’ll be a slow trickle
Finally something worthwhile out of kzoo.
I need a bigger one than that to be satisfied
Alibaba hitting 3420 tomorrow?
both
Enjoy losing everything. Well, if you have anything left. This post reeks of a desperate, down-90%, final-chance YOLO on puts.
sold everything close of today. will enter back in post ER!
NIO, Plio!!
Anyone buying a PS5 tomorrow?
In all seriousness. Bet Amazon buys Pinterest within the next 12 months. Daddy Bezos is super jealous of Walmart's shiny new Tiktok toy. He will want his own way to sell shit though "social media" to zoomers (aka the biggest consumers of cheap crap).
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
What if they turn a profit for the first time ever? Moooooooon.

JK. Sounds like you have shares so why not buy some 1dte puts to hedge at an affordable price?
I hope this was purchased last week. There are exactly 1 billion ways better to play a downside bet if you sold this today....
I like how you included yourself.
NIO bears bout to pull a fake spike TD on the NIO bulls
Must hold 354.
11/20, I bought a while ago then that drop fucked my calls so, yeah. Bad move.
>DDOG - that price looks good as well
Anyone else feeling like we might retest or break through 3420 tomorrow?
That cat was put down like 2 years ago
Its not difficult to become a millionaire. However its extremely difficult to have 10mil+ before 40. No starting a "company" isnt something anyone can do even if they have the intentions and will to do so.
I bought $20k of shares and calls @ $9.5~ just to sell at $12 and missing out of of the gains. FOMO got me to buy the dip yesterday for 500 shares @ $13.5 and sold again for $16+
Hey I have a 2016 civic coupe and it's bad ass
Pay attention to your marginal tax rate if you’ve held for less than a year. It makes a big difference if cashing out takes a bite out of your profits.
Chorizo hands
Time to play PS5 in my NIO
Sell whatever amount of shares you're willing to never have again in case you're wrong
[deleted]
No you’re clearly hurting from massive losses lmfao.
Also TAN and PRPL lol
Holding strong after selling ~20% of my position at 6.40 in October.

Should have done the same on the last spike, but I'm well above break even at these levels.

Kicking myself for not selling covered calls on Monday lol
 Some of the trade went from $1.37 to $0.20 before they got liquidated.

Right now they over $1.70+ and turned around.

Isn't my legal rights to be notified how much more money I need to deposit? It is options trading, the option can expire and to $0. They can't just liquidate and freeze my account because they arenot comfortable with volatility and then demand money because they closed whatever the bid price some of them as low as $0.01

&#x200B;

Sounds like he opened loads of strangles or something
I was talking about the riding part
NIOanderthals,

Tomorrow we moon!

Again!
i banish you to the shadow realm
The solution is for the government to stop guaranteeing loans, to stop thinking EVERYONE needs to go to college. Become a plumber, you fucking fucks. You're not even studying the difficult shit! "Business" philosophy, English, physical therapy, history... Jesus Christ, guys. If you're going to take on debt, at least get a degree in something worth a fuck. How fucking retarded are these kids? For real, universities backed by government-guaranteed loans are just where kids who aren't ready to grow up go. They liked high school and no want high school without parents. Get a fucking job, pay your way.
Oh that wasn't me who downvoted you before lol. Idk this red seems sus, I think if we're going down tomorrow will still be green first.
They’re not acquiring TSLA lol. They are hiring their old team and working together on R&D
Post it bruh
N 👁 ⭕️ ✌🏼️ the 🌝
I hope this is /s
Big green candle on nasdaq
Yeah bro a few weeks ago I decided no more buying options, I was only selling spreads until the 6 day huge run up by spy destroyed my spreads. Went all in on puts Monday at the top (with the money not in spreads) and made a lot back, rebought back in on a bounce but have been bleeding since. If we open red and I’m profitable I’m selling and securing my bag. 

I still think we can go down to like 300ish before 400, but idk I won’t bet that much on it.

Mouse killed me before in the 90-100 range, I think your puts will be fine tho. Here’s to some trendies tomorrow!
Both
NIO developing new electric morgue truck, bullish
It's more ok... So they get a bailout... I get?

I can see it passing. I'm just not voting to give people money just because they didn't pay for it. If they want to do this, refund every fucking person.... It seems ridiculously unfair.
OPNT ... puts?
It’s not their vaccine anyway. They’re just the manufacturing and distribution partner for BioNTech
Oh hell yeah. Sounds like I’m just preaching to the choir and idiotically telling you number you already know. Haha. My bad, my dude! Didn’t mean to fucking be telling you shit you’ve already got working. Haha. 

If I would’ve had $5k-$6k capital somewhere in March-May and aware of theta plays like this back then, I’d totally be doing what you’re doing. 

But for now, my best play would be to grab a SNE 1/21/22 $85c for about $1250 and hope and hold out for a nice crawl up to the $120-$140 range.
Nick Nailer!
Im pretty sure the cat vibin gif cured my depression
NIO we’re not!
Well at least you have a nice house fire to look forward to
The neocons are at it again
Happy you told him before I had to
It’s gotten more obnoxiously louder, what are you talking about?
Ban.
We already know somebody who gets this emotional on WSB could never posses the skills needed to be successful. Case closed. Now here’s the ball son, don’t worry about the other team staring and clapping, just put it in the net
Forget water.. they’ll have a soy sauce and duck sauce dispenser in the center console
How far out are your $20 calls?
I'm assuming you don't live in a tier 1 city?
NIO gang reminds me of MGM gang 48 hours before it went bye bye in June.
My 300p 350c strangle that I sold is ready.
Definitely a rich autist wasting paper like that
Oooof doubtful.
PLTR 11/20 20c. I got in late in the day but still made 85%. I’m at least holding through tomorrow but idk about earnings.
🥭 concedes NIO as president elect 🥳
Go play w NIO lil boy
So glad I didn't buy any nio calls. You fucks are metaphysical cancer to the profit gods
I know people like the memes but did anyone actually listen to the NIO teleconference? Does anyone have the part where they're acquiring tsla?
8 shares here baby!
NIO should buy Tesla at $420 a share
NIO spammers got awfully quiet after seeing Futures tank...hahahaha
Bought spy fd puts after today’s diparoo and
Held saw that v shape recovery then I was Iike what the fuckkk so I bought spy call fds also now I’m hella nervous we flat tomorrow.
Not a good look for those reopening trades. Should have sold JPM and SBUX on Monday. Literally a vaccine euphoria followed by a hard slap of unbelievable hospitalization & death numbers.
OK! with that in mind, at a constant rate of 5k cars/ month, we now have an adjusted 16% to look at instead of 8%. 16% of current TSLA  stock is $68.48, so throw in those calls boys! to the mooon!!!!
Biden says buy the NIO dip or you aint black, jack!
THATS A BIG GREEN DILDO FOLKS
Oh thank god I just took a look thought it was pre-market
Lol I'm not perma anything
Trying to make money out in these sketch ass markets
It means OP hates money
Even the article you posted, and didn't read, says the form was set months in advance (not days)
Ugh what? Is this even a question?

My schedule depending on market volatility is once at wake up for pre market, before market open, after market open, before lunch, during lunch, after lunch, x2 for power hour, again in after hours to easy my nerves from the busy day.

Repeat. 

My dick looks like an old beyond meat sausage link but I am sharp as can be.
I set low expectations
55 inches is 139.7 cm
[removed]
The simpsons is the best show to watch high. Shit is just brilliant
Gay
Makes no sense... so you missed out too lol
[deleted]
Any reason why we red? Or just 🤡 day?
Fuck at that point... let it ride til expiration
NIO has retard strength. Going to hit $50-60/share before the end of Q1 2021 without a doubt. Going to be rise from an earnings beat soon and after that going to be a rise from NIO day in January.
It’s not even extra large. It’s 55 inches lmao
It's not 8%. Ok some real dd for you bruh: tesla is doing roughly 25% of it's sales in china 70,000. Nio is doing 7000 sales which makes it 10% of 25%. Take 52 week high of tesla 500 x .25 = 125 x .1 12.5 x 4 = 50 which is the absolute hard ceiling for the stock. Now you might ask where the fuck did I get 4. 4 times is the growth of expanded markets that is possible under a biden administration. Under trump it wasn't. Yes it's a bubble, no it won't pop till nio reaches 125 as that's a theoretically max with a full 100% market share of china, at tesla's 25% market share for global sales. It's retarded but it works. Look at my post history I called the nio $45 hard resistance. $50 ceiling until nio can show increase of deliveries vs tesla sales.
Don’t do that futures, don’t give me hope... 🐻
if we go back on the wacky ride to 320 im going to fucking lose it
GME. PS5 sold out 1 minute.
[deleted]
Only a real patriot stands by its government in times of crisis.

$PLTR HOLD GANG RISE UP
I mean, i could never imagine driving that on a regular road without worrying about some junky pissing on it.
If anything this is bullish. Vexatious lawsuits means buy.
NIO bought out all PS5s
[deleted]
fist bump
Sony loose money at first with new console... it’s a long term thing
If nio is your mom. I agree
SUMO leaps I’m considering. Looks like a good price to get in but DDOGs earnings made it seem like they’re just light years ahead in data analytics space. But the market is huge so there’s room for multiple competitors
No. You should give it to me and let me yolo it on NIO
if you know this than buy the dip and make a grip, quit whining
Lol more reason why game stops will moon
I just won $10k on Western Michigan winning the game on a fake spike with 16 seconds left. +1100 odds. I love this country
If the Führer Biden takes the office then it will not be a false break out. But this is a bad thing really we want it to reduce now.
Biden has selected NIO to be Treasury Secretary
Hey MM’s we all have NIO Puts just so ya know. That way you can reverse all of us dumb bears and make the market go up haha
That worked well for bears today
See what?
(Back in again with an entry of like $87 and calls sold at $89 or something)
By high sell baked
U MUST NOT BE IN GME GANG
Yep. Great opportunity to filter some more mouth breathers out.
Proof fucking r word
50 EOW, 80 EOM.
[Nio > Tesla](https://www.google.com/search?q=nio+ep9&client=ms-unknown&prmd=ivn&sxsrf=ALeKk00UC4KdjBhVX7H0ed0KQXCqbqIHAQ:1605157640957&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi8l_2XnvzsAhXqFVkFHQcDCukQ_AUoAXoECDgQAQ) 

🙏🙏🙏👌👌
Thank you for saving me from something stupid
[deleted]
Ok.
JNUG is buying NIO
Why can I not order my ps5 on Best Buy
That’d be amaaazzzzing
I got stuck bagholding a Series X and now I have a nice little space heater with nothing to play
You must be new here
[deleted]
Anyone ever hear of FTEK ?
Shits going to explode lol
Futures think otherwise
Both
Puts. Do not buy the dip I repeat DO NOT BUY THE DIP.
NIOinnnkkk
i woke up in a nio gatti
India’s central bank just announced that India is in a technical recession - that’s world’s 5th biggest economy.

What’s worse - Indian stock market hit ATH this week 🤡
Why not both
[deleted]
I should've bought more NIO puts :(
The Futu app is really good. Take a look before you bash it.
YOU CANT TELL ME NIOTHING
New to trading myself so hopefully someone chips in but I have a very basic understanding and that is 

If Nio reaches 100usd by 1/15/21 then you can get that option legally but you have to pay an upfront premium fee for that luxury
Found this on YAHOO FINANCE.

Shareholder rights law firm Robbins LLP is investigating the officers and directors of Nio, Inc. (NASDAQ: NIO) for breaches of fiduciary duties on behalf of shareholders.

If you suffered a loss due to Nio’s misconduct, click here

Calls are actually fucked tomorrow, sorry fellas
[deleted]
You belong here. What is your next trade?
No u
No.   No it's not.
Boo hoo. Sorry they take away 1/3rd of your 15k euro salary.  America any day baby.
No bro NIO is buying NIO!!!
Wrong spy 4000
[deleted]
Thanks for your response. This is my concern that it will now stagnate. Either way it would be a long term hold but I also have never been known for my patience. 
Holding some ICLN calls and picked up 200 last week to hold. I’ll check out the other ETFs you mentioned, I’m only familiar with TAN out of those.
[deleted]
Date?
I had an SNE entry of 72 dollars that I traded for a couple weeks before getting assigned at 77.50. Still netted me like $250 in CC and another ~$500 in appreciation. Totally cool with those numbers.
F
Hoping to offload the spy puts tomorrow, keeping the Disney ones though. Whenever they have a crazy run up they always go back down, I also don’t expect too positive an earnings report tomorrow
Oh please let it hit $20 soon
Bears r so fuk
Should I Jack off tonight or save my energy for tomorrow boys?
Sorry buddy, this is going to be the first time the majority of WSB makes money on a meme stock
[deleted]
It did.
Lol loving the nio love. :( was riding high on nio from 11s to 17s... god missed out.
Moves tmrw: holding a small swing. Snap 11/20 41C purchased this afternoon and BABA debit spread 11/20 270/285C. These will be kill tmrw but I think worth bag holding until next week
https://twitter.com/Fxhedgers/status/1326752355233140736

FORMER TRUMP NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR MCMASTER SAYS ITS POSSIBLE ISRAEL WILL STRIKE IRAN'S NUCLEAR SITES BEFORE TRUMP LEAVES OFFICE - FOX NEWS
lmao
same brethern. Tomorrow we rise
Who secured the ps5?
Nio picked up Tesla for a date and banged
Blocked all NIOtards. Feels nice
Futures tanking but watch it dissolve into a flat morning
Why do you say that?
LMAO YEA THATS WHAT I THOUGHT U DUMBFUCK CLOWN. LEARN THE MARKET BASICS BEFORE TALKING SHIT DUMBFUCK 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Real dd
You're a fucking poet
Username does not check out.
Nio vaccine trials going well
Again how my spy puts looking?
[deleted]
[here you go.](http://imgur.com/a/OKM31jv)
Lmao T is a dumpster
[deleted]
Yeah, BABA’s price has not grown adequately for the company’s performance imo. I don’t doubt it will end 2021 above $500. It is a real value buy.
KOLA
Futuresssss
Egg in scramble
What are the odds my BA puts see a blood bath tmrw
21/20 when you include comments about the comments about NIO
my therapist told me NIO is just part of my imagination
Read the FAQ.
This is one of the things I worry about with Biden/Harris coming in. Yeah, students are fucked with debt and, consequently, they're dragging the economy. I get it, but fuck those retards getting loans they couldn't afford. Let them burn, indeed! They gambled that they'd get a good job and be able to pay back those loans. If that didn't work out, fuck 'em. Serves them right for getting degrees in philosophy or, worse, not even finishing. Lick my well-payed, tax-paying balls.
My balls tingling too
Lol you must be new
I’d like to thank all the OG NIO shills from yesterday morning
Nio is a juggerstonk. CALLS.
Okay now I know NIO is tanking after earnings
Get fucked
wow thats so funny haha, i cant believe that happened in real life
I feel sorry for the guys who didn't buy NIO calls today.

You're in for a lot of emotions. Anger, denial, sadness, and maybe even a hint of suicidal thoughts. I really really hope you guys don't feel this level of regret. You can still buy in tomorrow. Trust me. It will still be worth it.
Apples
Thought it was 1min
And down we go
CALLS
if you are still new, wait for it to move up back past ATH before you do anything. not doing anything is the best decision when you are new, sometimes even for months and months. even for 6 months. as long as you are interested. if something big happens like a melt up or crash, you can hop on
Just looking over this thread I can tell my nio calls are bigly fucked tomorrow
Lmao you wilin
DONT EVER FIGHT AGAINST WSB! NIO CALLS
support.\*  an area im looking out for is 3548-3452. holding below there is bearish imo. we have some nice support at 3518
What IS going on
Tonight will be the night that goes down in WSB history. Where NIO callholders spammed NIO all night right before going bankrupt.


We should give it a name. geNIOcide?
[deleted]
All in on puts?
The vaccine autism made him do it
I don't care if the whole market tanks tomorrow as long as Zoom moons, I'm a happy man!!!!!
You didn’t see?
Monies 👀
“Nio says to raise RMB 9.8 bn with new share issue” 

Uhh, what’s the exchange rate?? 😶
I assumed you weren't gay. My bad
I didn’t buy enough nio puts today :(
yes it is on best buy and gamestop you can check Twitter, a lot of people got one
Sick bastard 😂
Autists lack general empathy. 

They don't get that NIO jokes were not funny the first 100 times and got exponentially more annoying.
My kids get their cousins old clothes, gifts from others, and thrift store clothes. My 3 year old don't need no fucking fresh sneakers
If you can afford $1.99, you haven’t lost enough
Surpassed 5x
Didn't read anything but the last question:

Losers: poors

Winners: rich.
IM ALL IN YOLOD 200k on NIO LETS GO
NIO with their electric tank
Can anyone plz explain for me what’s with NiO? 😭
Lol they sold 5k cars in a month you troglodyte
5
[deleted]
*cries in sakura*
GGER
So aNIOways, I’m feeling these PLTR calls but I might sell some before earnings.
This is 2 days old news. Priced in.
I pull up in that NIO, you pull up in that Honda

-Chief Keef
No resurrection this time SPY
If future keeps going down I’m not getting evicted!
Zoom to $300 please
[deleted]
The only difference is the quantity of the money. If you go -80% with 1k you are going to do the same with 10k
Holy shit 19/20 comments is about NIO.
You trying to give me a heart attack?
NIO in trouble.....kiss that money goodbye tomorrow.
Have some puts for tmr... no way they print.
Remindme! 2 days (is this how you do it?)
Schrute bucks
well done.  printer go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
[deleted]
Just saw this after I wrote this. Hilarious. Maybe it goes another parabolic run soon? It’s been flat for a long time and these type of names usually always have a few pumps left in them
I can’t read
How far down is SPY gonna drop? Anybody have a clue on where resistance will be? I'm still learning.
I’ll talk dirty to you over the phone for NIO shares
N   I   O

I

O
[deleted]
[removed]
Did you get a better job?
So are ur tits
I'm talking about game stop u dummy
Old uno reverso tmr morning lol
I can’t stop watching futures
If you were able to grab an entry when SNE was covid-lowered to $50 or so, selling weekly $85CCs would net you about $300 of profit a week. With a b/e point of $88.33 and SNE barely cresting $90 here and there probably wouldn’t even warrant anyone to exercise on you for a measly couple hundred dollar gain. Because even a SNE 11/13 $85c has a bid/ask spread of $2.85/$3.80, a b/e of $88.33, and I highly doubt it would jump to $90+ where it would warrant and be worth anyone exercising you.
Ive got spy puts so pull my rug all you want
I develop physical products for use in a bunch of random industries.

Super small business.
Yeah that's what I was thinking too. Sold all my Dec calls during market hours and bought shares instead.
oh..I thought Nio was a car investing in that....ok sir
I hope.. 4.7? where at?
[deleted]
Sir, this is an HIV test
what?
I'd be spinning around on my boner like a spinning top
Thanks fellow retard!
Beat
Now we are getting to the good stuff, like why dad never came back from that smokes run 15 years ago
NIO launched their own currency.
I hope tomorrow isn’t one of those days where I would rather get stabbed by a dirty HIV needle from a homeless guy than wake up and look at my options and portfolio.
bear trap futures i think. nasdaq is slowly creeping back up to 50s, eventually 40s, and will haul the rest out of the mire like a big red truck
IM NOT GETTING EVICTED. IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING. DIE SPY DIE
Found this on YAHOO FINANCE. 

Shareholder rights law firm Robbins LLP is investigating the officers and directors of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZM) for breaches of fiduciary duties on behalf of shareholders. Zoom provides a video-first communications platform that connects people through frictionless video, voice, chat, and content sharing.

If you suffered a loss due to Zoom's misconduct, click here

ANOTHER LUCKING COFFEE?
Can someone lmk what’s happening with NIO?
yeah im a retard sorry
GRO
NIO futures are looking real rough rn
Stop yelling. And I am not a perma bull, I'm theta gang.
That's a horrible financial decision. The cost of maintaining that depreciating asset far outweighs the tax benefit of being able to claim it as a dependent. I'd recommend dropping it off at the nearest fire station asap.
"So like this user on reddit, /u/old-yolo-fd-financial-creditz-pogmaster, gave me bad DD" turns out not to be undue hardship.
I’m just gonna assume I won’t be checking my portfolio tomorrow
You made me click you bastard
QQQ FDs looking pretty sexy
Nio buys the White House
Mia Khalifa is trading stocks
get your fucking math out of here you fucking gay ass bear. I bet you also like communism you fucking dense cabbage. 

$NIO GANG RISE U0
First time buying SPY puts, maybe they'll actually print.
tf you talking about. It’s not on sale yet
[deleted]
How
Damnit. I sold 6k of this stock off :(
Funny thing, it was up 16% today.
I was in it in the early up and all I saw about it was them being able to produce hand sanitizer or some shit and this was when shelves were empty.  I got out after a gain but now see management is making changes that people don't agree with but that's just going off my headline DD.  I already gained on it and don't feel confident enough to get back in, but if i was, it be to ride it down
Think or Swim/Td Ameritrade
They’re distributing the other vaccines. Not Pfizer/BioNTech.
how is it a false breakout when it's above it lmao
Could someone please explain what NIO 100c 1/15/21 means for me? I am new to this.
Well yeah, it's a night
It says 12pm for walmart
👀
Lets goooo
where do i see nio futures
Hold on to your tits and buckle up boys. It’s time for reeeeeeeeeeee
Has anyone bought calls on robinhood before? Or is that even a stock?
NIO you say? You son of a bitch, I’m in
Well
O puts
NIObody wants 2 bang tonight
Elections talks going NIO.
Main thing that’s helped me is simply taking profits. I used to get greedy and hold even when a position was up thousands of dollar which often bit me in the ass when they reversed hard the following day/week. 

For example, the $5,000 I made today in PTON and ZM was great but I sold pretty quickly and ended up leaving $15k on the table. Sucks but better than holding and have that happen in the opposite direction.
lemonparty.org
Trap queen
[deleted]
OUT OF NOWHERE.
I absolutely think by 2022 they'll be around $400-$500, possibly higher. I just think they're severely underrated and could absolutely boom. I mean their P/E ratio is extremely low in comparison to other big companies out there
Ni hao motherfucker
What
Walmart says 12pm not 12am
Too bad NIObody will fuck you
“BioNTech actually made the vaccine and Pfizer is just the manufacturing partner”

“Raise BioNTech stocks”
All I want is a big booty girl to snort adderall with in the mornings and talk call/put ratio anomalies in the evenings
God damn I’d rather hear about futures than NIO
Nio just acquired by amazon, heading to $200 easy
I didn't even know that was possible
NIO futures eh
GGA
Always do the opposite of what cramer predicts right?
I know right.. someone let me know
Nio got cardi b nipples
PS5 sold out in within 1 min already... GME GANGGG
All in on FSR
\*wall street bets journal
Damn I want crab rangoon now
You too brother. Na man I got out all the way back in 2012.
Gotta get your head back in the game.  This is good motivation.  Tried to watch it last night but Netflix didn't have it 

NFLX PUTS
SAYS THE GUY WHO DIDNT KNOW WHY HOS FUNDS DIDNT SETTLE TODAY LMAOOOO GTFO DUMBFUCK CLOWN 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Are we just saying NIO now? I’m in.
I ordered crab Rangoon the delivery guy showed up in a nio
COME BACK MODS FUCK
XPEV predictions tomorrow?
where you get the futures?
Now that's a ticker I haven't heard in a very long time
You are the hero I needed. XD
We going down over1% tonight?
I'm not sure if this is an insult to normal functioning human beings or the autists of wsb.
Damn I’m sorry. Both are super shitty and stressful 😂
[removed]
Um how are people dumping their calls before 2am?
Parents these days are literal idiots buying their kids $400 shoes that they’ll outgrow by next year and a hoodie that was made for 3 cents in some sweatshop that says Supreme. And then they complain they don’t have money to save or invest.
To be fair most people keep a copy by the shitter.
You don't, that's why we remove them (mostly shitposts about what should I YOLO, or look at my 37$ gains or 🚀xxx🚀 or hey guys how do I get started or buy bit-c0in)
i always get horny at this time of night
[deleted]
Don't play options pls i beg u
Schadenfreude is not coo
fuck yes!!!! Money printer go brrrr!!!
Panera plus coffee
[deleted]
Don't fight the meme. Join the team. GME 15c 12/4 and FSR 20c 12/18 tomorrow.
My tito he said see you NIO
We will see
Are you a knight?
You don't say
A tech ceo being an asshole? 

Someone call the news.


Wait.
I assume anything and everything involving a Trump Tweet is real. Namely because it is not worth verifying otherwise (and back when I did over half the time I was too in disbelief to find out it was indeed real)
NIO has won custody of Dominick via victory in the WWE ladder match
You have no idea what this timeframe is retard
No offense? My boner would burst through the sun.
DEF DONT NEED A NIO SHILL WHO HAS A 1k PORTFOLIO LIKE U TO TELL ME ANYTHING
O
nioPE
Guys I get it, I have nio calls too but enough already
[deleted]
If down is up then yes \*points horns\*
It’s what retards do though..
I mean at this point your delta is essentially the same as having shares. Also once they go so deep itm its hard to get a good fill since liquidity is so low. People usually have to exercise deep itm calls and sell the stock. 

Wouldve been better to have sold and got calls at a higher strike and farther out each time you made 100% or something.
It's definitely a scam. He's the one selling you the calls.
Split adjusted 8% is 168 you fuckin mongoloid.
When I say “NI”

Yall say...
Imagine buying a gay vaccine stock

NIO 70c 11/13
don't shit on my longs you bitch
YES
[deleted]
All shilling aside, NIO futures are high as shit rn, +4.7%

If XPEV beats ER we are going to 47 tomorrow
i mean idkk about all that but maybe a correction
Fuck yes
Its literally the average of all the prices you bought at .. i know its a hard concept to grasp when apps actually spell out what they mean but uhh .. here we are i guess 🤷‍♂️
What, how would pltr be a foreign stock it was founded in america. Thiel is a German immigrant tho.
NOPE LEARN TO PLAY BOTH SIDES DUMBASS
NIO will take a huge dump tomorrow if market goes down...
🐂
Shut the fuck up about NIO
GNUS is the only safe haven in this market right now
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**JD**|**$100**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$1.14**|**$82.84**|**4397**|**2592**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhed5juojwj40749avsn6npy) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/CrabCakeandFootball/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
